THE

STATUTES

OF

THE REALM.

PRINTED BY COMMAND

OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE THIRD.

IN PURSUANCE OF AN ADDRESS OF

THE HOUSE OF COMMONS OF GREAT BRITAIN.

From original Records and authentic Manuscripts.

VOLUME THE FIFTH.

MDCCCXIX

CONTENTS

OF

THE FIFTH VOLUME.

Preface.

Chronological Table of the Titles of all the Acts PASSED IN THE REIGNS OF KING CHARLES I. AND KING CHARLES II.

The Statutes of King Charles I.

The Statutes of King Charles II

Index of Principal Matters in The Statutes contained in Volume V.

PREFACE TO THIS VOLUME.

THE Fifth Volume of The Statutes of the Realm contains the Statutes from the Commencement of the Reign of King Charles I. A.D. 1625, to the End of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles II. A.D. 1680.

In conformity with the Plan laid down in the Introduction to the First Volume, and pursued in the subsequent Volumes, certain Acts which are not to be found on the Inrollment in Chancery have been printed from the Original Bills or Acts preserved in the Parliament Office; and in every Instance where an Act is not printed from the Inrollment in Chancery, a Note is annexed, stating that it has been printed from the Original Act, and the Number of the Act in the Bundle of Acts at the Parliament Office is referred to in the Margin.

---

It is obvious, that in such Cases the Numbers of the Chapters could not be preserved uniformly with the Numbers of the Chapters in the common printed Editions, but it has been thought right to preserve the usual Arrangement of Chapters in conformity with those Editions whenever it could be done. In the 18 & 19 Car. II. p. 601. and in the 19 & 20 Car. II. p. 624. and p. 630. that Arrangement will be found to be broken; the Reason for which is stated in a Note at the Bottom of those Pages respectively.

As the important Uses for which this Collection of the Statutes has been prepared must depend wholly upon the Accuracy with which each particular Statute has been compared with the Record, of which it professes to be a Copy; a short Statement of the Means employed for this Purpose, in this and the subsequent Volumes, will shew what Degree of Confidence may be placed in their Authenticity.

The MS. Copy of the Acts contained in each Volume is, in the first Place, collated with the Inrollment in Chancery, or, if the Act be not inrolled there, with the Original Act in the Parliament Office, by competent Persons employed for that Purpose, and is then delivered to the undersigned Sub-Commissioner by whom this and the subsequent Volumes are prepared for the Press; the same Copy, with the Addition of the Marginal Notes, framed by him, is then delivered to the King’s Printer, and the Sheets, as worked off, are sent, together with a due Proportion of the Copy, from the King’s Printer’s Office, to the Collator, to be examined by him, and the Revises are then collated by him at the Parliament Office with the Original Act, and the Variations, if any, noted and returned to the Sub-Commissioner: The Sub-Commissioner thereupon finally collates the same with the Record, and the Sheets, upon such final Collation, are printed off. Where any manifest Error or Deficiency appears to exist both in the Inrollment and in the Original Act, Recourse has been had to the King’s Printer’s Copy, and the Variation stated in a Note, in each respective Case, at the Bottom of the Page.

The Chronological Table to this Volume is framed upon the Principle adopted in the preceding Volumes; but the Titles of the Acts on the Inrollment in Chancery and in the Parliament Office agreeing, except in very few Instances, it has not been deemed necessary to repeat them; they are stated, therefore, in one Column in the Words in which they appear on the Inrollment in Chancery, and the Variations are referred to in a Note as they occur.

In the Index to this Volume, the several Matters contained in the Statutes comprized in it are classed under General Heads, and the substance of the Enactment of each Statute, and of each Section, if the Statute contain Two or more Sections, is succinctly stated, proceeding under each Head chronologically; and in order to show the present State of the Law on each respective Head where any Alteration of the Law has taken place. References are inserted to the amending or repealing Act immediately after the Statement of the particular Statute or Section containing the original Enactment.

Two Engravings, one of the Petition of Right, 3 Charles I., and the other of the Act for a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving on the Nine-and-twentieth Day of May, 12 Charles II. are inserted respectively at Pages 23 and 237 of this Volume.

London, JOHN RAITHBY,

March 1819. Sub-Commissioner.

C t )

CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE

OF THE TITLES OF ALL

THE ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

PASSED IN THE REIGNS OF KING CHARLES I AND KING CHARLES II.

DATE. TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION or tub ACT. NUMBER Paoe

AD. Kjoj’i Rdfn. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter m printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. ct this Volume.

1625. Car. I. An. 1. An Ade for punishing of divers abuses comitted on the Lord? day called \ Sunday. J I. 1 — 1

— — An Act to enable the King to make Leases of Lands parcell of his Highnes 1 Duchie of Comewall, or annexed to the same. j n. a — 2

—— An Ade for the ease in the obtaining of Licenses of Alienacion9 and in the Y pleading of Alienacions with License, or of pardons of Alienacions without > License, in the Court of Exchequer and elsewhere. J m. 3 — 2

— — An Ade for the further restraint of Tipling in Innes, Alehouses, and other 1 Victualling Houses. J IV. 4 — 3

— — An Ade for the confirmation of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergie. V. 5 — 3

— — An Ade for the Graunt of two entire Subsidies graunted by the Temporaltie. VI. 6 — 9

An Act, that this Session of Parliament shall not determyne by his Majesties 1 Royall assent to this and some other Ades. J VII. 7 — 21

1617. An. 3. The Peddon Exhibited to His Majesde by the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this ^sent Parliament assembled conening divers Rights and I Liberties of the Subjedf: with the Kings Majesties Royall Aunswere j thereunto in full Parliament J 1. 1 — 23

— — An Act for the further reformation of sondry abuses cSmitted on the Lords 1 Day cdmonlie called Sonday. J n. 4 — 25

— — An Act to restraine the Passing or Sending of any to be popishly bred beyond 1 the Seas. J m. 5 — *5

— — An Act for the better Suppressing of unlicenced Alehouse keepers. IV. 6 — 26

An Act for Contynuance and Repeale of divers Statutf. V. 7 27

VolV.

( Vi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Charles I. and King Charles II.

DATE. TITLE oe DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paoe

A.D. King’s Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

1627, Car. I. An. 3. continued. An Act for the establishing of the Estates of the ten*ntf of Bromfeild and Yale‘S in the Countie of Denbigh and of the Tenures Rents and Servies thereuppon I reserved according to a late Coroposicion made for the same with the Kings f most Excellent Majestie then Prince of Wales. J VI. 8 — 3*

— — An Act for the confirmacion of the Subsidies graunted by the -Clergie. VII. 3 [S«e Note inVoL ?.] 33

— —• — An Ade for the Graunt of five entire Subsidies graunted by the Temporaltie, VIII. 2 8 39

1640. An. 16. An Act for the pventing of inconveniencies happening by the long intermission *) of Parliaments. J I. p.i. 1 I 54.

— — An Act for the relief of His Majesties Armie and the Northern Parts of the 1 Kingdome. j n. 2 3 58

An Act for the reforming of some things mistaken in the late Ad made this " f?sent Parliament for the granting of four Subsidies entituled An Act for the releife of His Majesties Army and the Northern P..rts of this Kingdome and > to make good the Acts of the Commissioners and other Officers by them authorized or appointed and to be authorized or appointed. m. 3 3 78

— — An Act for the further releife of His Majesties Army and the Northern Parts of ") the Kingdome. J IV. 4 4 79

— — An Act for the better raising and leavying of Mariners Sailers and others for 1 the present guarding of the Seas and necessary defence of the Realme. J V. p.2. I — 101

— — An Act concerning the Limitation and Abbreviation of Michaelmas Terme. VI. 2 — 102

— — An Act to prevent inconveniencies which may happen by the untimely 1 adjourning proroguing or dissolving of this present Parliament. J VII. 3 — 103

— — A Subsidie granted to the King of Tunnage Poundage and other sums of I money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported. j VIII. 4 — 104

— An Act for the spcedie provision of money for disbanding the Armes and setling the peace of the two Kingdomes of England and Scotland. j IX. 5 9 ‘°5

■ . An Act for [the Regulating1] the Privy Councell and for taking away the Court commonly called the Star Chamber. 1 regulating of 0. J X. 6 — no

— — An Act for repeal of a branch of a Statute primo Elizabethe concerning Commissioners for causes Ecclesiasticall. J XI. 7 — 112

— — A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums *) of money paiable upon Merchandizes exported and imported. j xn. — 12 1 l»4

An Act for the securing of such moneys as are or shall be due to the Inhabitants ~ of the Countie of Yorke and the other adjoyning Counties wherein his Majesties Army is or hath beene billetted for the billet of the Souldiers of the said Army as also to certein Officers of the said Army who do forbear > part of theire pay according to an Order in that behalfe made in the Commons House of Parliament this present Session for such part of theire pay as they shall so forbeare. XIII. 9 1 1 i >3 1 *5

— — An Act for the declaring unlawful and void the late proceedings touching Ship 1 money and for the vacating of all Records and Processe concerning the same. / XIV. 10 116

— — An Act against diverse Incroachments and Oppressions in the Stannarie Courts. XV. 11 >5 ll7

— — An Act for the certainty of Forests and of the Meers Meets Limits& Bounds of 1 the Forests. / XVI. 12 16 "9

— — An Act for the Pacification between England and Scotland. XVII. *3 '7 120

—— An Act for securing by publique faith the Remainder of the friendly assistance 1 and releife promised to our brethren of Scotland. / xvni. >4 18 128

1 DATS. TITLE ob DESCRIPTION or thb ACT. NUMBER Paos

a. jy King's Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Ron in Chancety. Of the Original AA in Parliament. or thi. Volume.

1640. Car. L An. 16. rwtimfrf An Act for the better ordering and regulating of the Office of Clarke of the 'j Market allowed & confirmed by this Statute and [and1] for the reformation of > false Weights and Measures. I 1 0. omit*. XIX. >•2.15 *9 129

— — An Act for the prevention of vexatious proceedings touching the Order of 1 Knighthood. j XX. 16 2° ,3I

— — An Act for the free bringing in of Gun-powder and Salt peter from Forraign 1 parts and for the free making of Gunpowder in this Realme. j XXI. *7 21 *31

— — A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandize exported & imported. j XXII. 18 22 132

■ —- An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners Saylere and others for the 1 present guarding of the Seas & necessary defence of the Realme & other his Majesties Dominions. y xxm. *9 8 *33

— — An Act for the reliefe of the Captives taken by Turkish Moorish and other 1 Pirates and to prevent the taking of others in time to come. j XXIV. 20 9 >34

— — A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage Poundage and other summes of 1 money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported. J XXV. 21 10 »3S

- An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners Sailers and others for the \ present guarding of the Seas & necessary defence of this Realme & other his v Ma*' Dominions. y XXVI. 22 10 >37

— — An Act for disinabling all persons in Holy Orders to exercise any temporall *) Jurisdiccftn or authorise. J XXVII. *3 6 >3®

— — An Act for the better raising and leavying of Souldiers for the present defence 1 of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland. j XXVIII. P-3- 1 7 >3®

— — A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage Poundage and other sutnes of money 1 payable upon merchandize exported and imported. j XXIX. 2 2 >39

— — An Act for a speedie contribucbn and loan towards the releife of his Majesties l distressed Subjects of the Kingdome of Ireland. j XXX. 3 14 >4>

— — A Subsidy graunted to the King of Tonnage Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandize exported & imported. j XXXI. 4 3 >43

- s " An Act for the raising and leavying of Moneys for the necessary defence and great affaires of the Kingdomes of England and Ireland and for the K payment of debts undertaken by the Parliament. J XXXIL 5 5 >45

— An Act for the speedy and effectuall reducing of the Rebells in his Majesties Y Kingdome of Ireland to theire due obedience to his Majesty & the Crowne of S England. J xxxm. 6 11 168

An Act for adding unto & explaining of certain Clauses in another Act made "j this Parliament Intituled An Act for the speedy & effectuall reducing of the I Rebels in his Majesties Kingdome of Ireland to theire due obedience to his Majestie and the Crowne of England. J XXXIV. 7 12 172

An Act to inable Corporations & Bodies Politique to participate of the benefit ^ of an Act lately passed entituled An Act for the speedie and effectuall reducing of the Rebells in his Majesties Kingdome of Ireland to their due obedience to his Majestie and the Crowne of England. XXXV. 8 *5 >73

— — A Subsidy gfaunted to the King of Tonnage Poundage & other sums of money 1 payable upon Merchandize exported and imported j XVI. 9 4 *74

1 An Act for the further advancement of an effectuall and speedy reduction of ^ the Rebels in Ireland to the obedience of his Majestie and the Crowne of \ England. J xxxvn. i 10 3 176

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Charles I. and King Charles II.

DATE. TITLE os DESCRIPTION of thi ACT. NUMBER Paoi

A.D. King* Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter aa printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Car. II.

t66 o. An. is. An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the 1 Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament. J L p. 1.1 1 179

— — An Act for putting in execution an Ordinance mentioned in this Act. IL a 3 179

— — An Act for the Continuance of Processe and Judiciall Proceedings. m. 3 2 l8o

— — A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other summes ") of Money payable upon Merchandize Exported and Imported. j IV. 4 — l8l

— — An Act for continuing the Excise untill the twentyeth of August One thousand 'i six hundred and sixty. r V. 5 5 206

— — An Act for the present Nominating of Commissioners of Sewers. VL 6 6 206

[15. An Act for restoreing unto James Marquesse of Ormond all his Honours ~ Mannours Land and Tenements in Ireland whereof he was in possession on the 23th of October 1641 or at any time since.] [Thit Act has been called Chap. VII. in the various printed Editions of the Statutes, but f it is not entered on the Roll, the Title is entered on the Roll amongst the Titles of Private Acts in the above Manner, and is herein inserted in order to keep up the usual arrangement of Chapters.] VII. — — 206

— — An Act for continuing of the Excise till the five and twentyeth day of December *) One thousand six hundred and sixty. j VIII. p.2.5 8 207

— — An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the ") forces of this Kingdome both by Land and Sea. j IX. 8 12 207

■ ■ An Act for supplying and explaining certaine defects in an Act entituled An Act ] for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of > this kingdome both by Land and Sea. J X. 1 22 225

— — An Act of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion. XL 2 11 226

— — An Act for Confirmation of Judiciall Proceedings. xn. p.1.7 9 234

— — An Act for restraining the takeing of Excessive Usury. xm. 3 >3 236

— — An Act for a Perpetuall Anniversary Thanksgiveing on the nine and twentyeth J day of May. J XIV. 4 10 a37

— — An Act for the speedy disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdome. XV. 10 »7 238

— — An Act for inabling the Souldiers of the Army now to be disbanded to 1 exercise Trades. J XVI. 11 18 241

— — An Act for the Confirming and Restoreing of Ministers. XVII. P-3-* *9 242

— — An Act for the Encourageing and increasing of Shipping and Navigation. xvm. p. 2. 6 — 246

— — An Act to prevent Fraudes and Concealments of His Majestyes Customes and 1 Subsidyes. J XIX. 7 16 250

— — An Act for raising seavenscore thousand pounds for the compleate disbanding of 1 the whole Army and paying off some part of the Navy. j XX. 8 21 250

— — An Act for the speedy raising of Seaventy thousand pounds for the present 1 Supply of his Majestye. J XXL 9 20 25 2

■ An Act for the Regulating of the Trade of Bay makeing in the [Dutchy *] ] Bay Hall in Colchester. > • Dutch 0. J xxn. P-3-1 3° 253

— — A Grant of certaine impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for the 1 encrease of His Majestyes Revenue dureing His Life J xxm. 3 44 25S

An Act takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite 1 and by Knignts Service and Purveyance, and for setting a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof. J XXIV. 4 37 2J9

DATE. TITLE oh DESCRIPTION of th* ACT. NUMBER. P.vot

A D. King's lUifa. IN CHANCERY. or th* Chapter aa On the Roll in Of the Original Act ill of tliia Volume.

prime*;. Chancery. Parliament.

Car. II.

1660. 1 An. 12. coninged. An Act for the better Ordering the Selling of Wines by Retaile, and for^ preventing Abuses in the Mingling Corrupting and Vitiating of Wines, and > for Setting and Limitting the Prices of the same. J XXV. P-3- 5 43 266

t _______ 1 1 1 " " An Act for the levying of the Arreares of the twelve moneths Assessment") commenceing the sower and twentyeth [day1] of June One thousand six j hundred fifty nine, and the six moneths Assessment commenceing the five S* and twentyeth [day ‘] of December One thousand sixe hundred fifty nine. XXVI. 6 48 268

0. omitis. J

1 An Act for granting unto the Kings Majestie Fower hundred and twenty ^ thousand pounds by an Assessment of three score and ten thousand pounds I by the moneth for six moneths for disbanding the remainder of the Army, j and paying off the Navy. J XXVII. 7 47 269

— — An Act for further suplying and explaining certaine defects in an Act intituled An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying > off the forces of this kingdome both by land and sea. J XXVIII. P-4- 1 46 277 , I

— — An Act for the raiseing of seaventy thousand pounds for the further supply of 1 his Majestie. j XXIX. 2 45 i 283

— — An Act for the Attainder of severall persons guilty of the horrid Murther of 1 his late Sacred Majestie King Charles the first. j XXX. 3 36 1 388 i

— — An Act for Confirmation of Leases and Grants from Colledges and Hospitalls. XXXI. 4 42 391

— — An Act for prohibiting the F.xportation of Wooil Woolfells Fullers Earth or any 1 kinde of Scouring Earth. j XXXII. 5 3« 293

— — An Act for Confirmation of Marriages. xxxm. 7 40 396

— — An Act for Prohibiting the Planting Setting or Sowing of Tobaccho in England 1 and Ireland. j XXXIV. 6 4» 397

— — An Act for Erecting and Establishing a Post Office. XXXV. 8 39 397

1 I An Act impowering the Master of the Rolls for the time being to make Leases 1 for yeares in order to new build the old houses belonging to the Rolls. j XXXVI. 9 49 301

l66l. An. 13. Stat. 1. An Act for Safety and Preservation of His Majesties Person and Government J against Treasonable and Seditious practices and attempts. j I. 1 3 3°4

— — An Act for Repeal of an Act of Parliament entituled An Act for disinabling all 1 persons in Holy Orders to exercise any Temporall Jurisdiccftn or Authority, j II. a 4 306

An Act for the declaring vesting and setling of all such Moneys Goods and " other things in His Majesty which were Received Levied or Collected in these late times and are remaining in the hands or possession of any > Treasurers Receivers Collectors or others not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion. III. 3 to 306

— — An Act for a free and voluntary psent to his Majesty. IV. 4 3 3°7

— — An Act against Tumults and Disorders upon Ptence of Sparing or psenting *) publick Petic&ns or other Addresses to His Majesty or the Parliament. J V. 5 6 308

— An Act declaring the sole Right of the Militia to be in (*) King and for the present ordering and disposing the same. \ 1 the 0. J VI. 6 5 308

- — An Act for confirming Publique Acts. VII. 7 10 3°9

i 1 An Act for providing necessary Carriages for His Majestie in His Royall 1 Progresse and Removalls. j VIII. 8 7 310

PATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER

Paoe

i Of the On the Of the of this

AD. . Reign. IN CHANCERY. Chapter u Roll in Original Act in Volume.

printed. Chancery. Parliament.

Car. II. i/ An Act for the Establishing Articles and Orders for the regulateing and better >

l66l. An. 13. IX. 3"

Stat. 1. continued. Government of His Majesties Navies Ships of Warr & Forces by Sea. ) 9 9

— An Act to prevent the unlawful! Coursing Hurting or Killing of Deere. ♦X. IO *3 3>4

— An Act for Confirming of three Acts therein mentioned. XL II 14 3*5

- An Act for Explanation of a Clause contained in (') Act of Parliament made"

in the seventeenth yeare of the late King Charles Entituled An Act for Repeal of a Branch of a Statute primo Elizabethe concerning Commissioners > XII. 12 12 3*5

for Causes Ecclesiasticall. 1 an 0.

— — An Act for vesting the Arreares of the Excise and New Impost in His Majesty. XIII. *3 11 316

- An Act for Confirming an Act Entituled An Act for encouraging and encreasing 'j 316

of Shipping & Navigation and severall other Acts both publique and private > XIV. 14 8

mentioned therein. J

_ . An Act declaring the Paines Penalties and Forfeitures imposed upon the Estates "j

and Persons of certaine notorious Offenders excepted out of the Act of Free > and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion. J XV. 15 >5 3l7

— An. 13. Stat. 2. An Act for the well Governing and Regulating of Corporations. I. p. 2. 1 — 3*1

■ m An Act for preventing of Vexations and Oppressions by Arrests and of Delaies 1 in Suits of Law. J 11. 2 — 3*3

— - An Act for granting unto the Kings Majestie twelve hundred and threescore ^ III.

thousand pounds to bee assessed and levied by an assessment of threescore r and ten thousand pounds by the moneth for eighteene moneths. J 3 34 3*5

— — An Act to enable the Kings Majestie to make Leases Grants and Copies oP) Offices Lands Tenements and Hereditamentf parcell of his Highnes Dutchy L of Cornwall or annexed to the same and for Confirmacftn of Leases and f IV. A 348

T

Grants already made. J

1662. An. 14. An Act for preventing the Mischeifs and Dangers that may arise by certaine 1 Persons called Quakers and others refusing to take lawfull Oaths. J I. I 1 35°

An Act for repairing the High wayes and Sewers and for paving and keeping ~ clean of the Streets in and about the Cities of London & Westminster and for reforming of Annoyances and Disorders in the Streets of and places adjacent to the said Cities and for the Regulating and Licensing of [Hackey1] ► Coaches and for the enlarging of several strait & inconvenient Streets and Passages. II. 2 2 351

1 Hackney 0. -

— — An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom. ra. 3 31 358

— — An Act for the Uniformity of Publique Prayers and Administrac6n of Sacraments "} & other Rites & Ceremonies and for establishing the Form of making ( ordaining and consecrating Bishops Preists and Deacons in the Church of IV. A 364

England. J

— — An Act for regulating the making of Stuffs in Norfolke and Norwich. V. s 21 37°

— — An Act for enlarging and repairing of Common High wayes. VI. 6 28 374

— — . An Act to restrain the Exportation of Leather and Raw Hides out of the 1 VII. 7 *5 378

Realme of England. J

( )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Charles I. and King Charles II.

DATS. TITLE ob DESCRIPTION or tub ACT. NUMBER Paos

A.D King t Rdfn. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter aa primed. On the Roll in Chancery, Of the Ordinal Act in , Parliament. of due Volume.

Car. II.

166a. An. 14. com tit An Act for Distribution of Threescore thousand pounds amongst the truly ^ Loyal & Indigent Commission Officers and for assessing of Offices and I distributing [the1] Moneys thereby raised for theire further supply. 1 interlined on the Roll. J VIII. p. 2. 1 10 380

— — An Act for the releife of poore and maimed Officers and Souldiers who'j have faithfully served His Majesty and His Royal Father in the late > Wars. J IX. 2 9 3*9

— — An Act for establishing an additional Revenue upon His Majestie His Heires & 1 Successors for the better support of His and theire Crown and Dignity. j X. 3 3* 390

— — An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in His Majesties 1 Customes. J XI. 4 33 393

— — An Act for the better Releife of the Poore of this Kingdom. XII. 5 11 401

— — An Act prohibiting the Importacftn of Forreign Bonelace Cutt worke Imbroidery Fringe Band-strings Buttons and Needle worke j XIIL 6 >9 40 5

-— — An Act directing the Prosecution of such as are accomptable for Prize l Goods. j XIV. 7 3° 406

— An Act for regulating the Trade of Silk throwing. XV. 8 17 407

—- —— An Act for the more speedy and effectual bringing those persons to accompt 1 whose Accompts are excepted in the Act of Oblivion. j XVI. P-3- 1 6 409

— — An Act for Reliefe of Collectors of Publick Moneys and theire Assistants and *) Deputies. j xvn. 2 7 410

-— -—" An Act against exporting of Sheepe Wooll Woolfells Mortlings Shorlings "j Yarn made of Wool Wool flocks Fullers Earth Fulling Clay and Tobacco s, pipe Clay. J xvra. 3 11 410

— An Act against importing of Foreign Wool cards Card wire or Iron wire. XIX. 4 16 412

— — An Act for providing Carriage by Land and by Water for the use of His Majesties Navy and Ordnance. j XX. 5 5 4i3

—■ — An Act for preventing the unnecessary charge of SherifFes and for ease in 1 passing theire Accompts. j XXI. 6 •3 414

i - i — An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of *1 England. r XXII. 7 4i7

— An Addic&nal Ad concerning matters of Assurance used amongst Merchants. XXIII. 8 26 418

. — An Act declaratory concerning Bankrupts. XXIV. 9 *7 419

An Act for [the1] restoring [of1] all such Advowsons Redories Impropriate ^ Gleeb Lands 8c Tithes to His Majesties Loyal Subjects as were taken from j them and making void certain charges imposed on them upon theire Compositions for Delinquency by the late usurped Powers. 1 1 interlined on the Roll J XXV. 10 12 420

— — An Act for reforming of Abuses committed in the Weight and false Packing of 1 Butter. j XXVI. 11 18 421

— An Act for repairing of Dover Harbour. XXVII. 12 *3 422

— - An Act for the [regulating *] of the Pilchard Fishing in the Counties of Devon *\ and Cornwall. 1 1 Regulation 0, J XXVIII. *3 24 423

_ I — An Act for the reversing the Earle of Strafford his Attainder. XXIX. — 8 424

1 .— An Act for the importing of Madder pure and unmixed. XXX. >4 4 4«5

— / An Act to prevent the Inconvenience arising by melting the Silver Coyn of this I Realm. j XXXI. 15 20 425

DATE. TITLE 01 DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER. Paojc

A.D. King's Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Car. IL

1662. An. 14. continued. An Act for the better regulating of the Manufacture of Broad Woollen Cloath *) within the West Riding of the County of Yorke. J XXXII. p.3. 16 29 425

An Act for preventing the frequent Abuses in printing seditious treasonable ^ and unlicensed Bookes and Pamphlets and for regulating of Printing and > Printing Presses. J XXXIII. *7 — 428

1663. An. 15. An Act for repairing the Highwayes within the Countyes of Hertford Cambridge and Huntington. j I. 28 436

An Act for the Punishment of unlawfull cutting or stealing or spoiling of l Wood and Underwood and Destroyers of young Timber Trees. j II. p. 2. 1 27 44*

‘ An Act to explaine and supply a former Act for destribution of Threescore thousand Pounds amongst the truely loyall and indigent Commission Officers 1 and for assessing of Offices and destributing the moneyes thereby raised for / their further supply. J III. 2 I 442

— An Additional Act for the better ordering the Forces in the severall Counties of n this Kingdome. j IV. 3 12 443

— — An Act for regulating Select Vestryes. V. 4 2 446

— An Act for Releife of such Persons as by Sicknes or other Impediment were ^ disabled from subscribeing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity and I Explanation of part of the said Act. J VI. 5 II 447

— — An Act for the Encouragement of Trade. VII. 6 6 449

— — An Act to prevent the selling of live fatt Catle by Butchers. VIII. 7 7 452

— — An Act for granting Fower intire Subsidies to His Majesde by the Temporalde. IX. p. 1. 1 13 453

— — An Act for confirming of Fower Subsidyes granted by the Clergy. X. 2 14 481

— — An Additionall Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise *) and preventing the Abuses therein. j XI. p. 2. 10 10 488

— — An Explanatory Act for Recovery of the Arreares of Excise. XII. 11 4 493

— — An Additionall Act for the better ordering and collecting the Revenue ariseing 1 by Hearth Money. j xm. 12 5 493

— — An Act for setting the Proffitts of the Post Office and Power of graunting Wyne Lycences on his Royall Highnes the Duke of Yorke and me Heires Males \ of his Body. J XIV. — 9 495

— — An Act for encourageing the Manufactures of makeing Linen Cloath and *1 Tapistry. j XV. 8 — 498

— — An Act for regulateing the Herring and other Fisheries, and for repeale of the Act concerning Madder. j XVI. 9 — 498

An Act for settling the dreyning of the Great Levell of the Fenns called Bedford Levell. j XVII. 22 499

( »*« )

DATS*

Kn|'i Reign.

TITLE ob DESCRIPTION o» tbb ACT.

IN CHANCERY.

NUMBER Paoc

Of tbs Chapter M printed. On the Roil in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Partiament. oT thia Volume.

1. t 1 5*3

n. 2 2 5*4

hi. 3 4 5*4

IV. 4 8 5*<>

V. 5 3 520

VI. 6 5 52*

vn. 7 7 523

vm. 8 6 52 4

1. 9 1 525

11. 1 9 552

m. 2 5 553

IV. 3 4 554

V. 4 7 554

VI. 5 8 555

VII. 6 10 556

VIII. 7 6 5S6

IX. 8 12 558

X. — 11 558

XI. — 21 559

XIL 568

1664.

Car. n. An. 16.

of Inconveniendes happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments.

An Act for preventing of Abatements of Writts of Error upon Judgements in the Exchequer.

An Act for collecting the Duty ariseing by Hearth-money by Officers to be appointed by His Majestie.

An Act to prevent and suppresse seditious Conventicles.

An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others and to preserve the Stores belonging to His Majestyes Navy Royall. j

An Act to prevent the delivering up of Merchants Shipps.

An Act against deceitfoll disorderly and excessive Gameing.

An Act for continuance of a former Act for regulateing the Presse.

1664-5. LAn.16,17.

be raised leavyed and paid in the Space of Three Yeares.

An Act for regulateing the Measures and Prices of Coales.

An Act for the returning of able and sufficient Jurors.

•An Additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise.

An Act to prevent Delayes in extending Statutes Judgements and Recognizances.

An Act for repealing of part of an Act of Parliament intituled An Act 1 directing the prosecution of such as are accomptable for Prize Goods. j

An Act for continuance of a former Act for regulateing the Presse.

An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgement and superseding Executions.

An Act to impower the Chauncellour of the Dutchy to grant Commissions for *) takeing Affidavits within the Dutchy Liberty. j

An Act for continuance of a former Act for repairing the Highwayes within the County of Hertford.

An Act for drayning of the Fenn called Deeping Fenn and other Fenns therin mentioned. j

An Act for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to the City * of New Sarum.

[This Act has been called Chap. XII. in various printed Editions of the Statutes, but it is not upon the Roll; the Title is entered on the Roll amongst the Titles of Private Acts in the above manner, and is here inserted in order to keep up the usual arrangement of Chapters.]

Vox.. V.

( xiv )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Charles I. and King Charles II.

DATE. TITLE ok DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paok

A.D. King’s Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter aa printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

Car. II. J

1665. An. 17. An Act for granting the summe of Twelve hundred and fiftie thousand pounds 1 to the Kings Majesde for His present further Supply. J I. i i 570

— — An Act for restraining Non-Conformists from inhabiting in Corporations. n. 3 8 575

— — An Act for uniting Churches in Cittyes and Townes Corporate. in 4 4 576

— — An Act for continuance of a former Act for regulateing the Presse. IV. 5 9 577

— — An Act for attainting Thomas Dolman Joseph Bampfield and Thomas Scott of 1 High-Treason if they render not themselves by a day. j V. 6 3 578

— — An Act for takeing away of Damage Cleere. VI. 7 7 578

— — An Act for a more speedy and effectuall Proceeding upon Distresses and ^ Avowryes for Rents. j VII. 8 5 579

— — An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suites and Delayes. VIII. 9 6 580

"1 ■ ■ J ( An Act for granting One Months Assessment to His Majestie. IX. 2 2 580

1666. An. 18,19. An Act for raising Moneys by a Poll, and otherwise towards the Maintenance of the present Warr. j I. 1 I 584

— — An Act against importing Cattell from Ireland and other parts beyond the Seas and Fish taken by Foreigners. r II. 2 2 597

— — An Act to continue a former Act for preventing of Thefte and Rapine upon -j the Northerne Borders of England. f m. 3 4 598

— — An Act for burying in Woollen onely. IV. 4 5 598

— — An Act for encouragemg of Coynage. V. 5 3 598

— * An Act Explanatory of the Act for raiseing Moneyes by a Poll and otherwise towards the Maintenance of this present Warr. > VI. 6 12 601

— — An Act for erecting a Judicature for Determination of Differences touching n Houses burned or demolished by reason of the late Fire which happened in I London. J vn. 7 *3 601

— An Act for rebuilding the Citty of London. vm. 8 14 603

— An Act for reliefe of Poore Prisoners and setting of them on worke. IX. 9 16 613

— An Act extending a former Act concerning Replevins and Avowries to the -j Principality of Wales and the County Palatines. f X. 10 >7 614

— An Act for Redresse of Inconveniencies by want of Proofe of the Deceases of * Persons beyond the Seas or absenting themselves, upon whose Lives Estates I doe depend. j XI. ii 18 614

— An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others and to preserve the Stores belonging to His Majesties Navy Royall. > xn. 12 *5 615

An Act for granting the Summe of Twelve hundred fifty six thousand three hundred forty seaven pounds thirteene shillings to the Kings Majesde towards I the Maintenance of the present Warr. j xrn. >3 ii 616

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reigns of King Charles I. and King Charles II.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of th* ACT. NUMBER Pace

KSX. King* Rctfii. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery Of the Original Act in Parliament 1 of this 1 Volume.

| Car. II.

1667-68 An* 1 20 An Act for taking the Accompts of the severall Sums of Money therein 1 menc&ned. J I. 1 1 634

— An Act for banishing and disenabling the Earl of Clarendon. 11. 3 5 638

| — An Act to make Prize Ships free for Trade. m. 3 3 638

— — An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation. IV. 4 — 629

i 1 — An Act for setting Freedome and Intercourse of Trade between England and 1 Scotland. j V. 5 — 630

1 — An Act for raising Three hundred and ten thousand pounds by an Imposition 1 on Wines and other Liquors. j VI. 6 — 630

— An Act for the better Payment of Moneys received for the Use of the Crown. VII. 7 5 636

— — An Act for the Increase and pservation of Timber within the Forest of Deane. VIII. 8 6 636

— — An Act for proceeding to Judgement on Writs of Error brought in the 1 Exchequer. J IX. 9 3 639

— — An Act for giving Liberty to buy and export Leather and Skins tanned or *) dressed. J X. 10 4 64O

— — An Act to regulate the Trade of Silk Throwing. XI. 11 7 64O

— — An Additional AS against the Importation of Forreign Cattel. XII. 13 3 64I

An Act for the taxing and assessing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the T Great Levell of the Fenns. j xin. — 9 643

1670. An. 22. An Act to prevent and suppresse Seditious Conventicles. 1. I 3 648

— — An Act for repaireing of the Haven and Peers of Great Yarmouth. 11. 3 *3 65!

An Act for granting unto his Majestie an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported betweene the Fower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy and the Fower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred and seaventy eight. hi. e 3 1 <553

— - - An Act for setleing the Imposition on Brandy. IV. 4 7 656

An Act for takeing away the Benefitt of Clergy from such as steale Cloth "J from the Racke and from such as shall steale or imbezill his Majestyes 1 Ammunition [and Stores *.] t * of Wart 0. J V. 5 11 6S7

— — An Act for advanceing the Sale of Fee-Farme Rents and other Rents. VI. 6 5 (>57

— — An Act to enable the Kings Majestie to make Leases, Grants and Copyes of *\ Offices, Lands Tenements and Hereditaments Farcell of his Highnesse Dutchy L of Cornwall, or annexed to the same. J vn. 7 6 661

- — An Act for ascertaining the Measures of Come and Salt. VIII. 8 8 663

— — An Act authorizing certaine Commissioners of the Realme of England to treat T with Commissioners of Scotland for the Weale of both Kingdomes. j IX. 9 3 663

- An Act for sale of part of the Estate of Sir John Prittiman for satisfaction of T a Debt by him due to the Kings Majestie. j X. 10 13 664

i $ — An Additionall AS for the rebuilding of the Citty of London, uniteing of Parishes and rebuilding of the Cathedrall and Parochiall Churches within the > said City. J XI. 11 4 665

( xvi )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Charles I. and King Charles II.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION or the ACT. NUMBER I Page

A.D. King* Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

1670. Car. II. An. 22. continued. An Additional! Act for the better repairing of Highwayes and Bridges. An Act for Improvement of Tillage and the Breede of Catle. XII. XIII. 12 »3 10 9 682 685

An Act for settling the drayneing of the Felines in Lincolneshire called Deepeing *) Fennes. / XIV. — 28 687

1670-7I. An.22,23. An Act to parent Malitious maiming and wounding. I. p. 1. 1 4 691

— — An Act for Continuance of a former Act entituled An Act to Pvent Delayes in 1 extending Statutes Judgements and Recognizances. / II. 2 7 693

— — An Act for granting a Subsidy to his Majestie for Supply of his Extraordinary 1 Occasions. J in 3 1 693

— — An Act for continuance of a former Act to prevent Arrests of Judgements and 1 superseding Executions. J IV. 4 6 703

— — An Act for an Addidonall Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors. v* 5 2 704

■ ~~ An Act for revesting the Power of granting Wine Licences in his Majesty his ^ Heires and Successors and for setleing a Recompence on his Royall Highnesse > in liew thereof. J VI. 6 3 706

— — An Act to prevent the malitious burning of Houses Stackes of Come and "1 Hay and killing or maiming of Catle. j VII. 7 5 709

— — An Act for the regulateing the makeing of Kidderminster Stuffes. vm. 8 8 710

— — An Act for laying Impositions on Proceedings at Law. IX. 9 *5 712

— — An Act for the better seding of Intestates Estates. X. 10 37 719

— An Act to prevent the delivery up of Merchants Shipps and for the Increase of 1 good and serviceable Shipping. j XL 11 28 720

— — An Addidonall Act for ascertaining the Measures of Come and Salt. XII. 12 38 722

— — An Act for exporting of Beere Ale and Mum. XIII. p. 2,1. 3° 723

— — An Act for determination of Differences touching Houses burnt or demolished \ within sower yeares since the late dreadfull Fire in London. J XIV. 2 26 724

r — An Act for the better Setlement of the Maintenance of the Parsons Vicars and Curates in the Parishes of the Citty of London burnt by the late dreadfull f Fire there. J XV. 3 32 725

— An Act for the discovery of such as have defrauded the Poore of the Citty of1 London of the Moneys given for their Releife at the rimes of the late Plague f and Fire and for recovery of the Arreares thereof. J XVI. 4 34 7*8

— — An Act for the better paveing and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and 1 about the Citty of London. J XVII. 5 33 729

— — An Act for the better regulateing of Workehouses for setting the Poore on 1 Worke. J XVIII. 6 35 73*

—— — An Act to prevent Fraudes in the buying and selling of Cattell in Smithfeild 1 and elsewhere. / XIX. 7 39 733

— — An Act for the Releife and Release of poore distressed Prisoners for Debt. XX. 8 40 734

— — An Act for takeing the Accompts of Sixty thousand pounds and other Moneys \ given id the loyall and indigent Officers. J XXI. 9 41 737

An Act for the better and more certaine Recovery of Fines and Forfeitures due \ to his Majestie. J XXII. 10 2 6 739 J

Chronological Table of Acts pasted in the Reigns of King Charles and King Charles II.

DATS. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Page

A.D. Kni’i Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter as printed. On the Roll in Chancery. Of the Original Act in Parliament. of this Volume.

1670-71 Car. II. .lAii.22,23 I fffwfamirf An Act to revive an Act Entituled An Act to prevent the disturbances of* Seamen and others and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majestyes Navy Royall, with some Alterations and Additions. * xxra. p.a. 11 29 741

— — An Act for vesting certaine Fee-farme Rents and other small Rents in Trustees. XXIV. 12 27 743

— — An Act for the better preservation of the Game, and for secureing Warrens not inclosed, and the severall Fishings of this Realme. XXV. *3 42 745

— — An Act to pvent the planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulateing the ' Plantation Trade. XXVI. *4 37 747

An Act for explaining of a Proviso conteyned in an Act, entituled An Act for " setting the Profitts of yc Post-Office and Power of granteing Wine-Licences on His Royal Highnes ye Duke of Yorke and the Heyres Males of his Body. ^ XXVII. — 44 749

167a. I An. 25. An Act for raising the summe of twelve hundred thirty eight thousand ^ seaven hundred and fifty pounds for supply of his Majesties extraordinary occasions. 1. 1 — 752

— — An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants. 11. 2 — 782

— — An Act for enableing his Majestie to make Leases of his Lands belonging to the ' Dutchy of Cornwall. hi. 3 3 785

— — An Act for repeale of a Clause in a former AS to prohibit Salesmen from selling Fatt Cattell. ' J IV. 4 9 786

— — An Act for the Kings Majestyes most Gratious, Generali and Free Pardon. • V. 5 2 786

— — An Act for takeing off Aliens Duty upon Commodities of the Growth, ProduS and Manufacture of the Nation. r VI. 6 6 791

— I An Act for the incouragement of the Greeneland and Eastland Trades, and for -j the better secureing the Plantation Trade. VII. 7 7 792

— — An Act for continuing a former AS concerning Coynage. VIII. 8 4 794

— I An Act to enable the County Palatine of Durham to send Knights and Burgesses to serve in Parlyament. j IX. 9 10 795

An Act for reviveing the Judicature for determination of Differences touching x Houses burnt downe and demolished by reason of the late Fire, which I happened in London, and for rebuilding of the Navy Office. J X. 10 6 795

5- I An. 27. An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding the Towne of Northampton. I. — 6 798

1677. An. 29. An Act for raising the Summe of Five hundred eighty foure thousand nine *) hundred seaventy eight pounds two shillings and two pence halfe-penny for > the speedy building Thirty Shipps of Warr. J I. p.i. 1 802

1 — An Act for an addidonall Excise upon Beere, Ale and other Liquors for 1 Three yeares. J II. , p. 2.1 2 837

— 1 — An Act for prevention of Frauds and Peijuryes. m. 2 4 839

/ An Act for ereSing a Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses 1 burnt and demolished by the late dreadfull Fire in Southwarke. J IV. 3 9 842

C

( xviii )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Charles I. and King Charles II.

DATE. TITLE or DESCRIPTION of the ACT. NUMBER Paqk

A.D. Kind's Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Chapter aa printed. On the Roil < in Chancery. Of the Anginal Ad in Parliament. of this Volume.

1677. Car. n. An. 29. continued. An Act for takeing of Affidavits in the Country to be made use of in the Courts 1 of Kings Bench Common Pleas and Exchequer. J V. p. 2. 4 5 846

— — An Act for the Naturalizing of Children of his Majestyes English Subjects borne 1 in Forreigne Countryes dureing the late Troubles. J VI. 5 8 847

— — An Act for the better Observation of the Lords day commonly called Sunday. VII. 6 3 848

— — An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiasdcall 1 Persons to small Vicarages and Curacies. j VIII. 7 7 849

— — An Act for takeing away the Writt De Heretico cumburendo. IX. 8 6 850

■ 11 An Act for the better repairing and maintaining the Piere of Great Yarmouth. X. 9 10 850

1677-78. An.29,30. An Act for raising Money by a Poll and otherwise to enable His Majestie to ^ enter into an actuall Warr against the French King and for prohibiting ? severall French Commodities. J L 1 85a

An Act for continuance of two former Acts for preventing of Theft and Rapine 1 upon the Northerne Borders of England. j II. 2 2 864

1678. An. 30. An Act for granting a Supply to His Majestie of Six hundred nineteene thousand three hundred eighty eight pounds eleaven shillings and nine pence for > disbanding the Army and other Uses therein mentioned. J I. p. 1. 1 1 867 I

—— An Act for granting an additionall Duty to His Majestie upon Wines for Three 1 yeares. J n. 2 2 883

— — An Act for burying in Woollen. hi. 3 4 885

■ 1 An Act for the further Reliefe and Discharge of poore distressed Prisoners for 1 Debt. J IV. 4 7 887

— — An Act for repealeing certaine words in a Clause in a former Act entituled 1 An Act for enlargemg and repaireing of Common Highwayes. J V. S 8 890 II

" An Act for reviveing a former Act entituled An Act for avoiding unnecessary ^ Suits and Delayes and for continuance of one other Act entituled An Act f for the better settleing of Intestates Estates. J VI. 6 6 890

— — An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors and 1 Administrators of Executors in their owne wrong. J VII. 7 3 890

— — An Act for the Admeasurement of Keeles and Boates carrying Coales. VIIL 8 5 891

An Act for Preservation of Fishing in the River of Seaveme. IX. 9 9 89a

— Stat. 2. An Act for the more effectuall preserving the Kings Person and Government by disableing Papists from sitting in either House of Parlyament. j I. p. 2. 10 894 11

( *'X )

Chronological Table of Acts passed in the Reign of King Charles I. and King Charles II.

I DATE. TITLE o> DESCRIPTION of thk ACT. NUMBER Page

A. IX Kifi Reign. IN CHANCERY. Of the Cfcepttr M print'd. On the RoU in Chencerj. Of the Original Act in Ptrlkment. of this Volume.

1679. Car. II. A1U3K An Act for granting a Supply to His Majestie of Two hundred and six thousand ^ fewer hundred sixde two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence for I paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven. J 1. I I 897

— — An Act for the better secureing the Liberty of the Subject and for Prevention *) of Imprisonments beyond the Seas. / n. a — 935

An Act for reingrossing of the Records of Fines burnt or lost in the late Fire 1 in the Temple. J in 3 — 938

1680. An. 31. An Additional Act for burying in Woollen. L _ _ 940

An Act prohibiting the Importation of Cade from Ireland. 11. 94*

THE STATUTES.

STATUTES OF KING CHARLES THE FIRST.

V

fffW- Li -■ IIM 1 ISSgSgggggS

Anno l"CAROLL I. A.D. 1625.

STATUTES MADE IN THB SE88ION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Eighteenth Day of June, In the FIRST Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the First.

ftotulo $arttamentf De anno regni fcegto CaroU, #rtmo.

RoTULUS PARLIAMENTI tend apud Westmonasterium Dedmo octavo Die Junij Anno Regni Sereniastmi Domini nostri Caroli Dei Gracia Anglie Scocie Francie et Hibemie Regis Fidei Defensoris, &c. Primo.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte for punishing of divers abuses cdmitted on the Lords day called Sunday.

FORASMUCH as there is nothing more acceptable to God then the true and sincere Service and worshipp of him according to his holy Will, and that the holy keeping of the Lords day, is a prindpall part of the true Service of God, which in very many places of this Realme hath beene and now is pfaned and neglected by a disorderlie sort of people, in exercising and frequenting Bearebaidng, Bullbaiting, Enterludes, comon Playes, and other unlawfull exercises and pastimes uppon the Lords day; And for that many quarrellf bloodsheddf and other great inconveniences have growen by the resort, and concourse of people going out of their owne Parishes to such disordered and unlawfull exercises and pastimes neglecting Divine service both in their owne Parishes and elswhere. Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comons in this Psent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same. That from and after sortie dayes next after the end of this Session of Parliament, there shalbe no meetingf assemblies or concourse of people out of their owne Parishes on the Lords day within this Realme of England, or any the Dominions thereof, for any sports or pastimes whatsoever; nor any Bearebaidng, Bullbaiting, Enterludes cdmon Playes or other unlawfull exercises or pasdmes used by any pson or psons within their owne Parishes, and that every pson and psons offending in any the pmisses, shall forfeit for every offence three shillingf foure pence. The same to be employed and converted to the use of the poore of the Parish where such offence shalbe comitted. And that any one Justice of the Peace of the Countie, or the cheife Officer or Officers of any Citrie Borough or Towne corporate where such offence shalbe comitted uppon his or their view, or confession of the parde, or proofe of any one or more witnesse by oath, which the said Jusdce or cheife Officer or Officers shall by vertue of this A & have authoritie to minister, shall fynde any pson offending in the pmisses, the said Jusdce or cheife Officer or Officers, shall give warrant under his or their hand and Seale to the [Constables'] or Churchwardens of the Parishe or Parishes where such offence shalbe comitted to levie the said penalde so to be assessed, by way of distresse and sale of the goods of every such ofiendor, rendring to the said offenders the overplus of the monie raised of the said goods so to be sold. And in default of such distres, that the parde offending, be set publiquelie in the stocks by the space of three houres; And that if any man be sued or impeached for execucion of this Lawe, he shall and may plead the generall issue, and give the said matter of Jusdficacion in evidence. Provided that no man be impeached by this Act, except he be called in question within one moneth next after the said offence comitted. Provided also, that tbcEccksasticall Jurisdiction within this Realme, or any the Dominions thereof, by vertue of this Act or any thing therein cunteyned, shall not be abridged, but that the Ecclesiasdcall Court may punish the said offences, as if this acte had not bene made: This Act to contynue untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament, and no longer.

Rot. Parl. its. v.

Profanation of the Lord'i Day;

No Meetings for Sports by People out of their own Parishes, nor Bear* baitings. See. within them on the Lord's Day.

Penalty, 3 s. 4 d. leviable by Distress; or in Default, Punishment by the Stocks.

Limitation of Prosecution.

Proviso for

Ecclesiastical

Jurisdictiott.

Continuance of A A.

1 Constable O.

1° Car. I. c. 2, 3.

A.D. 1625.

Rot• Pari. mi. a.

Contra&i for Leases made by the King, as Duke of Cornwall, under St. 21 Jac. I. c. 29. interrupted by his Accession to the Crown;

Leases of Lands of the Duchy to be made by the King within TbreeYears, declared valid.

II.

Such Leases shall not exceed the Term of Three Lives orThirty-one Years, under ancient or reasonable Rent.

111.

Covenants in such Leases good for and against Reversioners, &c.

IV.

General Saving.

CHAPTER n.

An Acte to enable the King to make Leases of Land? parcell of his Highnes Duchie of Cornewall, or annexed

to the same.

WHEREAS the King our Soveraigne Lord, being in the life tyme of his Royall Father of blessed memorie, seised of the said Dukedome of Cornewall, did bargayne and contrail for Leases and Estates to be made of divers Mesuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf parcell of the said Dukedome of Cornewall, which Leases and Estates, his Majestie was enabled to have made in his said Fathers life tyme, by an A & of Parliament made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Acte to enable the most excellent Prince Charles to make Leases of Lands, parcell of His Highnes Dutchy of Cornewall, or annexed to the same. And because His Majestie, having received divers Fines, and somes of Mony, according to the said Contradlf, and having entred into Treatie with divers others for like Estates ; the finishing of which Contra&f and making the said Leases, was pvented by His Majesties accesse to the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme, is graciouslie pleased for the good of his poore Tenantf of the said Duchie Lands, to proceed to the full accomplishment of the Contra&f, and Leases of the pmisses: Be it therefore enacted by our said Soveraigne Lord the Kinge, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by authoritie of this psent Parliament, That all Leases to be made within the space of three yeares now next ensuing by our said Soveraigne Lord the King, by Letters Patentf, Indentures, or other writings under his great Seale of England, or Seale of the Court of Exchequer of any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf parcell of the possessions of the said Dutchy of Cornewall or annexed to the same 6halbe good and effectuall in Lawe according to the purport and content of the said Leases against our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie his heires and successors and against all and every pson or psons that shall hereafter have inherite or enjoye the said Dukedome of Cornewall by force of any Act of Parliament or other limitacion whatsoever.

Provided alwaies, That every such Lease so to be made of any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf in possession, shalbe made but for three lives or fewer or for one and thirtie yeares or under, or some other terme of yeares determinable uppon one two or three lives, and not above. And if such Leases be made in revercion, that then the same together with the Istates in possession do not exceed three lives or the terme of one and thirtie yeares, and not in any wise dispunishable of wast: and so as uppon every such Lease shalbe reserved the auncient or most usuall Rent, or such Rent as hath bene yeilded or paid for the greater part of twende yeares next before the making of the said Leases, and shalbe reserved due and payable, by, or to him or her that shall have the inheritance or other Estate of the said Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf. And where no such Rent hath bene reserved or payable, that then uppon every such ..ease, there shalbe reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the twendth part of the cleere yearelie value of tb Mannors, Landes, Tenementf, or Hereditamentf contayned in such Lease.

And be it further ordaned and enacted by authorise of this psent parliament, That all Covenauntf, Conditions, and Reservations and other ageementf conteyned in every Lease so to be made as aforesaid, shalbe good and effectuall in Lawe, according to the wodf and contents of the same, aswell for and against them, to whome the Reversion of the same Mannors, Landes, Tenmentf or Hereditamentf shall come, as for and against them to whome the said Leases shall come, respectivelie: as if oir said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majesde at the tyme of the making of such Coven*ntf, Conditions, and Reservations, and other Agreementf were seised of an absolute and indefesible estate in Fee simple, in the same Mannors, Lands,Tenementf or Hereditamentf.

Saving alwaies to all and (very pson and psons bodies Politique and Corporate, their Heires and Successors, Executors, Administrators, and \ssignes, (other then our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie and his Heires, and all and every pson and psoas, that shall heareafter have, inherite or enjoye the said Dukedome of Cornewall, by force of any Acte of Parliament, or other limitacion whatsoever) all such rights, titles, estates, customes, interests, termes, claimes, and demaundf whatsoever, of what kinde, nature, or qualitie whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Mannors, Landes, Tenementf, or Hereditamentf, or any of them, as they or any of them had, or ought to have had before the making of this Act, to all intentf and purposes, and in as large and ample manner and forme, as if this Acte had never byn had or made. This Acte or any thing therein conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Rot. Parl. nil. 3.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte for the ease in the obtayning of Licenses of Alienation, and in the pleading of Alienations with License, or of pardons of Alienations without License, in the Court of Exchequer and elsewhere.

Licences of Alienation shall be general.

II.

Fee to Officer for drawing, See. Alienations with Licence,

THAT the Kings Tenures, which are a principall flower of the Crowne, may not be concealed, and yet that the Tenantf of the King may not be unnecessarily charged, Be it enacted by the authoritie of this Psent Parliament, That from and after the end of this Psent Session of Parliament, all Licenses of Alienation to be had and obtayned, other then uppon raysing of uses by force of any Deed, from or out of the estate of the Covenanter, shalbe generall to alien without expressing any uses.

And be it further enacted, that from and after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, there shalbe paid to the Tresurers Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, which now is, or at any tyme hereafter shalbe, or to any other in any other Court or place in what office theise Pleadingf are or shalbe, and to his or their Clarke, or any under them,

A.D. 1625.

1° Car. I. c. 3—5

3

far the drawing, pleading, enuring, finishing, and discharging of an Alienation with Licence, or of a pardon of Alienadon without Licence, and the uses of the same in such cases onely, where the subject by the Lawes and Statutes of this Retime ought to pleade, the s5me of [thirtie shillingf1 ] and no more. And if the Tresurers Remembrancer for the cyme being, or any other Officer by himselfe or his Clarke, or any other peon whatsoever, shall at any tyme or tymes born and after the end of this $feent Session of Parliament, exact, take, or receive any other or greater Fee, reward, gramme or some of mony, directlie or indireftlie uppon any colour or ptence whatsoever, for the causes aforesaid, or any of them, or for any thing thereunto belonging, That the offender therein contrary to the true meaning of this Acte ihaQ forfeit and lose to the parde greived, the s5me of five shillingf for every penny, which he shall receive beyond or above, or other then the some of [thirtie shillingf 1 ] before mencioned : such forfeitures to be recovered by the parde greived by Informacion or Accion of Debt, to be brought in the Courts of Kings Bench, or Comon Pleas, at the eiecooa of the plaintiffe, wherein no Priviledge, pteccion, Inhibition, or Injunction, Ley Gager, or Essoine shalbe allowed to the Defendant.

Avd be it further enacted, That every Officer, Clarke, or other Minister of the said Court of Exchequer, which at any tyme after the end of this psent Session of Parliament shall offend therein, and be thereof duly convicted, shalbe from thenceforth utterlie disabled to be or contynue an Officer or Clarke, or to have any imployment in the said Court of Exchequer, or any other Court of Justice.

CHAPTER IV.

Acte for the further restraint of Tipling in Innes, Alehouses, and other Victualling Houses.

TT WHEREAS in the last Parliament, it was enacted, that if any pson or psons wheresoever his or their habitation, v v or abiding be, should after be found, uppon view or his owne confession, or proofe of one witnesse, to be dpling in any Inne Alehouse, or Victualling house, such pson or psons should be thenceforth adjudged and construed to be within the Statutes of the first and fourth yeares of the late Kings Majesties reigne, King James of famous memory: The one intituled, An Act to restraine the inordinate haunting of tipling :n Innes Alehouses, and other Victualling Houses: And the other intituled, An Acte to represse the odious and loathsome sinne of drunkennesse, as if he or they had inhabited and dwelled in the Citie, Towne corporate, Markett towne, Village or Hamlett, where the Inne, Alehouse, or Victualling house was or should be, where he or they should be so found tipling, should incurre the Hke penaltie, and the same to be in such sort levied and disposed, as in the said Act is expressed, concerning such as there inhabite, but no punishment by any, or either of the said Actes, or by any other Statute, is inflicted uppon the Innekeeper, Alehousekeeper, or Victualler that pmittf [orsuffers such pson or psons not there inhabiting to tipple in his Inne, Alehouse, or Victualling House: For remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every Innekeep, Alehousekeep, and other Victualler, that at any tyme after the end of this Session of Parliament, shall pmitt and suffer any pson or psons, Dot inhabiting in the Cittie, Towne corporate, Markett Towne, Village, or Hamlett, where such Inne, Alehouse, or Victualling House is, or shalbe, to tipple in the saide Inne, Alehouse, or Victualling House, contrary to the true intent of any, or either of the said former Statutes, the said Innekeeper, Alehousekeeper, and Victualler so offending, shall incurre the same penaltie, and in such manner to be proved, levied, and disposed, as in the former Statute of the first yeare of his said late Majesties Raigne, is appointed for pmitting such to tipple as dwell in the same Cittie, Town* corporate, Markett Towne, Village, or Hamlett.

And be it further enacted, That the Keepers of Tavemes, and such as doe sell Wine in their houses, and doe alsoe keepe Innes, or Victualling in their houses, shalbe taken to be within the said two former Statutes, and also within this Statute.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for the confirmation of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergic.

WHERE the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, for divers weightie considcracions, respecting his Majesties extraordinary occasions, have lovinglie, and liberallie given and granted to the Kings most Excellent Majestie, three whole and entire Subsidies of foure shillingf in the pound, to be taken and levied, of all and singular their promodons Spirituall within the same Province, at such dayes and tymes, and in such manner and forme, and with such excepcions and provisions, as bee specified and delivered in a certaine instrument by them thereof made, and delivered unto the Kings Majestie, under the Seale of the most reverend Father in God, George, now Archbishop of Canterbury, and Primate of all England, which Instrument is now exhibited in this p^sent Parliament to be ratified and confirmed : the tenor whereof ensueth in theise words

Inclytissimo & Serenissimo Dno nib Carolo, Dei gra Angt, Scocie, Franc?, & Hitm Regi Fidei Defensori &c. Georgius drnna providencia Cantuar Archiepus, tocius Angt Primas & Metropolitans, ppensissimam subjeccionem, & obedientiam, ac in eo, qui est Rex Regum, & Dns dominanciu, sumam felicitatem. Serenissime vre Majestati, p publicum hoc instrumentum testatum focim9, qd Prelati & Clems Provincie nre Cantuariensis, in convocac&e, sive sacra Syaodo Provincial, authoritate fcris vri Regij ad nos dati in domo Capitulari Ecctie Catfeis S3 Pauli London vicesimo

» ixti s. viii d. King*s Printer's Copy. a and O.

«nd Pardon of Alienation without Licence.

Penalty on Officer taking greater or other Fee,

5 >. for every I d. received beyond or other than 301.

III.

Officer offending disqualified.

Hot. Pari. mi. 4.

Recital of 21 Jac. I. c. 7. § a. extending Penalties of 1 Jac. I. c. 9. & 4 Jac. I. c. 5. to all Persons whatever found tippling in Inns, &c.

Penalties of Stat.

1 Jac. 1. c. 9. extended to Innkeepers permitting tippling by Persons not Inhabitants.

II.

Tavern-keepers declared to be within the Ac*.

Rot. Parl. nu. y.

Recital of Grant of Three entire Subsidies given by the Clergy of Canterbury.

Tenor of the Instrument

1° Car. I. c.5.

A.D. 1625.

Prelates, &c. of Prorince of Canterbury, assembled in Convocation,

grant Three whole Subsidies of 48. in the Pound on all Spiritual Promotions.

Benefices to be valued according to Taxation of the Tenth under 26 Hen. VIII. c.j. but to pay Subsidy on 9-ioths only.

Manner and Form and Time of Payment of Subsidies.

Fee to Receiver or other Officer.

die mensis Junij Anno Dni mHtimo sexcenteamo vicesimo quinto (ex continuaf&e & progacbe ejusdem) inchoata & celebrata, ac de die in diem, & loco in locum, usqs ad & in odavu diem instantis Mends Julij, anno f?d2o post meridiem edam continuata & progata, in Ecciia Collegiata bti Petri Westm eodem octavo die Psends mends. Julij legittime congregad, p quibusdam arduis & urgendb3 cauds p nos, ejusdem Provincie Clero ppodtis, ac in? eos sedulo pendtads, tria integra Subddia Magnificende vre Regie, spontaneo, unanimiq^ consensu dedenmt & concesserunt (put tenore publki hujus Instrumend plenius liquet) Majestatem eandem supplid? obnixeqs rogantes, ut hec eop tria Subsidia benigne accipe, ac equi boniqs consuie digneminu Tenor vero (?<tee Concessionis se het in eum qui hie sequitr modum.

Most gracious Soveraigne, Your Majesties faithfull Subjects, the Prelates and Clergij of the Province of Canterbury, being called together by the Authoride of your Highnes writt, and att this jpsent being orderlie assembled in a Provinciall Synode, or Convocacion, maturelie conddering with themselves that great and bounden dude, which by the rules of the Sacred Scripture they doe owe to your gracious Majestie their Soveraigne Lord, especially for your pfessed contynuance of the sincere preaching of the Gospell: And moreover as obedient Subjects, well wdghing the singuler care which your Majestie hath, for the well guiding and governing of all that people, which is by God comitted to your charge ; And not forgetting those great expences, whereat your Majestie now is, and hereafter is more like to be, aswell for the honorable sustentacion of your Royall estate at home, and the necessary defence of this your Realme, as alsoe for the more effectuall furtherance of your Majesties most Royall and extraordinary designes abroad, as a speciall and significant testimome of their great joy at your Majesties first entrance unto your Throne, have with one agreement and unanimous consent, given and granted, and by theise psentf doe give and graunte to your Highnes your Heires and Successors three whole and entire Subsidies, of foure shillingf in the pound, in manner and forme as here followeth. That is to saie. That every Archbishopp, Bishopp, Deane, Archdeacon, Provost, Master of Colledge, Prebendary, Parson, and Vicar, and every other pson and psons, of whatsoever name or degree, he or they be within the Province of Canterbury, having or enjoying any Spirituall promocion or other temporall possession to the same spirituall promocion annexed, now not divided, nor separated by Act of Parliament, or otherwise from the possession of the Clergie shall pay to your Highnes your Heires and Successors, for every Pound that he may yearelie receive and dispend by reason of the said Spirituall pmodon the some of foure shillingf for every of the said three Subsidies.

And for the true and certaine value of all the pmocions and every of them, whereof the payment of theise three Subsidies shalbe made, the rate, taxaclon, valuacion, and estimacion now remayning of Record in your Majesties Court of Exchequer for the payment of a ppetuall Disme or Tenth, granted unto King Henry the eight of worthie memory, in the six and twentith yeare of his itiigne, concerning such pmocions as now bee in the possession of the Clergie, shall onely be followed and observed, without making any other valuacion, rate taxacion, or estimacion, then in the said Record is comprised. Provided alwaies, that forasmuch as the tenth parte of the said rate and valuacion before mencioned, is yearelie paid to your Highnes for the said ppetuall Disme or Tenth, so as there remaine onelie nine parts yeerelie to the Incumbent cleare theise three Subsidies of foure shillingf of the pound, shalbe understood and meant onelie of every full pound of the said nine parts, and nothing for any other mony, not amounting to a full pound.

And your Prelates and Clergie doe also graunt, that theise three Subsidies of foure Shillingf of the full pound, of the nine parts of the yearelie value-of every Spirituall pmocion aforesaid within the said province taxed as is aforesaid, shalbe paid to your Majestie your heires and successors in manner and forme following, that is to saie, the first payment and moytie of the first of theise three Subsidies, videlt, two shillings of every full pound, as [aforesaid1 ] to be due, at and uppon the first day of December, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God, One thousand six hundred twentie and seaven, and the second payment and moitie of the first of the said three Subsidies videlt, two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid to be due, att and uppon the first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred twentie and eight. And the first payment and moytie of the second of the said three Subsidies, videlt, two shillings of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and uppon the first day of December then next and imediatelie following in the same yeare, and the second payment and moitie of the second of the said three Subsidies, videlt, two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid, to be due att and uppon the first day of June then next and ymediatelie following, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God, one thousand six hundred twentie and nyne, and the first payment and moytie of the third and last of the said three Subsidies, videlt, two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid, to be due at and uppon the first day of December then next and ymediatelie following in the same yeare, and the second and last payment, and moitie of the third and last of these three Subsidies, to be due at and uppon the first day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God, one thousand six hundred and thirtie, to be delivered and paid by such pson and psons as in this psent Graunte, shalbe appointed to have the Colleccion thereof, to the Lord High Tresurer or Under Tresurer of England for the tyme being, or to such pson or p6ons, and in such place or places, as shall please your Highnes to appoint to be paid, videlt, The first payment of every of the said three Subsidies, which shalbe due att and uppon the first day of December as aforesaid, to be made at or before the last day of February next following every of the aforesaid dayes, when the said paymentf or moyties shalbe due, and the second payment of every of the said three Subsidies, which shalbe due att and uppon the first day of June as aforesaid, to be made at or before the last day of August next following after every of the aforesaid daies, when the said paymentf or moities shalbe due, without paying any thing to the Receivor or to any other pson or officer to be assigned for the receipt thereof, for any acquittance or other Discharge or Dispatch uppon any such payment or receipt of the said three Subsidies or any part thereof, but onelie foure pence, and that to the Clerke, for the writing of the Acquittance or Discharge for every of the said paymentf.

1 fore said 0.

A.D. 1625.

1° Car. I. c. 5.

5

Peovided alwaies, that no peon, which hereafter shalbe pmoted to any Benefice or spirituall pmodon, and shall compound with your Majestie, your Heires or Successors, for the first fruits of the same, from the first day of December, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred twende and seaven, and on this ode the first day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God, one thousand sixe hundred and thirtie, shalbe contributorie or charged for the same Benefice or Promocion to your Highnes, your Heires or Successors, with any Part of the said three Subsidies, during the first yeare after the tyme of any such compounding for his first fruits

Item your Highnes said Prelatf and Clergie doe graunt, that every Archbishopp, Bishopp, and (the See being void) every Deane and Chapter of that See void, and none other pson or psons shalbe Collector of the said three Subsidies within their pper Dioces during the tyme appointed for the Payment of the said three Subsidies.

And your said Prelates and Clergie doe most humblie beseech your Majestie, that it may be enacted by your Majesde and your high Court of Parliament, for the speedie payment of the said three Subsidies, and to avoid delayes thereof, that when, and as often as any Collector or Collectors, chargeable with the Collection of the said three Subsidies, or any part thereof, or their or any of their Under collector or Undercolle&ors, Deputie or Deputies, or any of them, shall offer the Payment of the said three Subsidies, or of any part of them to the use of your Majestie, your Heires [and *] Successors, to any pson or psons appointed to receive the same by your Highnesse, or by your Lord High Treasurer, that the said pson or psons so appointed, shall within foil re Daies next after such appointment, receive, or cause to be received the Money soe offred to be paid, without any further delay, and deliver one sufficient Bill, testifying the receipt thereof, to the said Collector, or his Undercolle&or or Deputie, uppon every such pardculer Payment. And that every such Auditor, as is, or shalbe appointed to take or receive the account of any such Collector or Collectors, or of their severall Undercolle&ors or Deputies, shall within six daies, next after request to him to be made, truly and indifferentlie take the said account, and make allowance as by this Graunte is appointed, uppon paine that every such pson or psons appointed to receive the same some or somes of mony soe offered, and every such Auditor shall lose and forfeit for every default or delay to be made to the Collector or Collectors, Undercolle&or or Undercolle&ors, Deputie or Deputies soe offering to make Payment or account, as is aforesaid, the some of ten pounds of lawfull mony of England, the one moietie thereof to be to your Majestie, your Heires and Successors, and the other moietie to the said Collector or Collectors, Undercolle&or or Undercolle&ors, Depude or Deputies so greived, the same to be paid uppon complaint to be made to the said Lord Tresurer, or Undertresurer, or to the Lord Cheife Baron of your Majesties Court of Exchequer, who uppon such complaint shall f^sentlie examine the matter, and fynding default shall comitt the offender to Warde, there to remaine untill he shall have paid the said severall sdmes so forfeited.

And for the better levying and recovering of these three Subsidies, or any of them, your said Prelates and Clergie doe likewise most humblie beseech your Majestie, that it may be enacted by your Majestie, and your said High Court of Parliament, in manner and forme following, That is to saie. That every Collector of the said three Subsidies, and of every part and parcell of them, and their lawfull Undercolle&or or Undercolle&ors, Deputie or Deputies may have full power and Authoritie to use all such waies and meanes and processe, as be ^scribed in the Act of ppetuall disme for the Collection and levying thereof, and may make account of the same before the Lord High Tresurer or Undertresurer of England, for the tyme being, or any other Officer by your Highnes or your Court of Exchequer, to be appointed for the same, and in such place as your Majestie shall likewise assigne, in such wise, and after such forme onelie, as the said Archbishopp and Bishops bee now charged to make accompt for the said ppetuall Disme and tenth : whereby is meant that the lacke and default of payment, of and for any Spirituall pmocion or pmodons, shall onelie charge such incumbent or incumbentf and such others as be bound to pay the same, And that the Archbishopp, Bishopp, Deane and Chapter, gathering that which they can receive, and making payment thereof, shall for the rest, not by them received, be discharged by their Certificate, to be made unto your Highnes Court of Exchequer, for every of the aforesaid paymentf, which shalbe due uppon the first day of December in any of the aforesaid yeares, at or before the last day of Februarie next and imediatelie following every of the aforesaid daies, when every of the said paymentf shalbe due, And for every of the aforesaid paymentf, which shalbe due uppon the first day of June, in any of the aforesaid yeares, at or before the last day of August, next and ymediatelie following every of the aforesaid daies, when the said paymentf shalbe due, and that six pence of every pound, wherewith the Collector shalbe charged in this account clerelie to be paid into the Receipt of your Majesties Exchequer, or into such other place as shall please your Highnes to appoint, shalbe allowed unto the said Collector uppon his account for the same at every of the aforesaid severall tymes of payment for the charges of the said Collection, Portage, safe conveying and paying of the said three Subsidies.

And moreover that it may be enacted likewise, that after any payment of the said three Subsidies shalbe once due by vertue of this Graunt, if any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promocion Spirituall, charged to the Payment of any of the said three Subsidies or any part thereof, being at any tyme after that the same payment shalbe due lawfullie monished, either psonallie, or at his Dignitie, Stall, Church, or Mansion house, by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Dioces, or his Undercolle&or or Undercolle&ors, Deputie or Deputies, or by the Deane and Chapter (the See being void) or by any of their Undercolle&or or Undercolle&ors, Deputie or Deputies authorised in that behalfe to appeare by himselfe or his Deputie at a certaine day and place of convenient distance to the said Incumbent, then to be signified and ^fixed, and then and there to pay such parte of the said three Subsidies for his Benefice or pmocion spirituall or the whole, as then by virtue of this Graunt shalbe due, doe not either att the same day and place soe to him signified and pfixed, trulie content and paye, or cause to be contented [or *] payed such Paymentf of the said three Subsidies, as then by him shall be due to be paide unto the same Archbishopp or Bishop, or to his

Subttdr not payable for the Year in which First Fruitf are paid.

Archbishops, be. to be Collectors.

Collectors offering Payment, Officer to receive the same within Four Days, and give Receipt to Collector.

Auditors to take Accounts and make Allowances.

Delaying, &c. so to do,

Penalty £io.

Imprisonment until Penalty paid.

Power to Collectors to levy Subsidies ; may account for the same as the King and Exchequer shall appoint, as Archbishops, &c. account for the Tenth.

Archbishop, &c. gathering and paying what they can,to be discharged for the rest.

Sixpence in the Pound allowed to Collectors.

Incumbents, &c< being monished and not paying Subsidies; Proceedings.

1 or 0.

* and 0.

c

Such Default to be certified into Exchequer.

Penalty.

Form of Certificate of Default.

Form of Schedule referred to in Certificate.

Proviso for Tender of Payment by Incumbent, &c. before Certificate exhibited into the Exchequer.

Trial of Tender.

If Issue found for Incumbent, he to enjoy his Promotion.

Quietus est to Archbishops, Arc. being Collectors.

1° Car. I. c. 5. AD1685.

mpsMan»BBSEBBSsmuBB

UndercoUeftor or Undercolleftors, Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapter of anie See beingTotde, or to their UndercoUeftor or Undercolleftors, Deputie or Deputies or to one of them, shewing sufficient deputation from the said Archbishop, Bishop, or Deane [or *] Chapter under his or their Seale in that behalfe [be*] ready att the said day and place soe signified and pfixed, to receave anie payment of the said three Subsidies then due and openlie demaunding the same, or els paie everie of the paymentf of the said three Subsidies given by this Graunt within fiftie daies next after anie such pfixed daies of warning at the furthest (so that open demand be made of every of the said Paimentf of the said three Subsidies in and at the saide place and day before pfixed) That then everie Incumbent so making defaulte of anie of the Paymentf aforesaid, which shalbe due from him for anie of the parts of the said three Subsidies as aforesaid after such Default thereof certified into your Maiesdes Exchequer in writing under the Seale and hand writing of anie Archbishop, or Bishop, or the comon Seale of the Deane and Chapter (the See being voide) charged with the collecdo of the said three Subsidies or anie pan thereof soe that the said Certificate shalbe made according to the forme hereafter expressed and exhibited into your Maiesdes said Court of Exchequer, videit for everie of the aforesaid paiementf of the said three Subsidies, which shalbe due the firste day of December in anie of the aforesaid yeeres att or before the laste day of Februarie next following everie of the aforesaid daies when everie of the said paiementf shalbe due, And for everie of the aforesaid paymentf which shalbe due upon the firste day of June in anie of the aforesaide yeeres att or before the last daie of August next following everie of the aforesaid daies, when everie of the saide paymentf shalbe due, as aforesaid shall forfeite and lose unto your Majesde your Heires and Successors all the pfittf which of that onlie Dignitie, Benifice or pmocion, for the which he maketh such default of payment and whereof such Certificate shalbe made, shall come grow and arise unto him (over and obove the Charges of serving the Cure and the annuall Tenth due to be paid out of his said Living) in one whole yeare next after such Certificate made and delivered unto your Highnes Courte of Exchequer and there admitted in case the said Incumbent shall soe long live And that everie such Certificate of anie such default of Paiement shalbe made according to the tenor and effect ensuing, (mutads mutandis,)

Honorabilib3 & egregijs viris Dno Thesaurario & Baronib} de Sc*d"io Illustrissimi Dni nn Dili Caroli Dei gra Angi Scod Fraud & Hibnie Regis fid$i Defensoris &c. Vester humilis I. pmissione Divina L. Epus authoritate & vigore cujusdam actus Parliament^ Anno Regni id Dni Regis primo edit! & pvisi ad colligend & levandum tria Subsidia eidem Dho Regi in eodem Parliamento p Prelatos & Clerum Cantuarien pvincie concessa videit p prima solucoe primi Subsidij solvend primo die Decembris ultimo pPiti infra Dioce§ nram L. duputatus & [authoritatus3] omimodam reverenciam tantis viris debitam cum honore. Vns reverencijs ha£ serie anundo & Sdfico me pfaf Epm modo quo Pferf deputaf & [authoritatum4] sufficien? & cum omi diligenda requisivisse p N. O. Subcollect seu deputatum meum in hac parte de quovis benefido & pmo£6e ecdiastid in quadam Scedula f?8entib3 annexa spificads, sumas soluc&is ddi primi Subsidij p ids benefidjs & pmofbibj debitas & solvendas, ddo primo die Decembris uldmo pftri put in eadem Schedula fPsentib} annex plenius liquet & apparet Sed ddas sumas ex causis in eadem Scedula allegads redpe non potun In cujus rd testimoniu Sigillum meum psendb3 apposuL Da! die mensis Anno Dili.

• The forme of which Schedule above mendoned ensueth.

Civitas L. vel Decanatus de H. A. B. Rector vel Vicarius ibm monitus suit apud pdicf die

mensis ultimo f?9iti p N. O. Subcolleftorem seu deputaf meum ad solvend apud Ecciiam de L. in

Coffi R. die mensis px sequefi solufbem sive illam par! id primi Subsidij p ipm debitam

primo die Decembris ultimo pftti p pmoftSe sua pdCa. Sed pddus A. B. nec apud Ecciiam de L. pdict eodem die, nec alibi p quinquaginta ’dies postea, sumam p ipm debitam (ut pfertr) solvit vel sadsfecit,

neqs ddam sumam de pficuis dSe pmoftUs nec de bonis & catallis dfi A. B. aliquo modo levare sive recipe potui.

Provided allwaies that if anie p6on or Incumbent chargeable by this Act or graunt to anie payment of these three Subsidies or anie part thereof shall proffer and tender payment of anie some due to the Archbishop of Bishop, or to the Deane and Chapter where the See is void, or to anie Undercolledor or Undercolledors Deputie or Deputies of anie Archbishop Bishopp or Deane and Chapter aforesaid at anie time before the Certificate exhibited into the Exchequer as is aforesaid that then notwithstanding the Certificate made as is aforesaid against anie such pson the said Incumbent or pson against whome the Certificate was so made shall and may averre the offer and tender of his Payment as is aforesaid and of the same shalbe tryed either by sufficient witnesses before the Lord Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer or by the tryall of twelve men uppon anie issue thereuppon to be joyned betwixt the said Incumbent and anie other pson or p6ons that he or anie for him did offer and tender the Paiement of the some due as aforesaid, which being found for the Incumbent then evirie such Incumbent shall have and injoye his Promocion or pmodons still without forfeiture or losing to your Majesde your Heires or Successors anie the pfittf thereof and as though noe Certificate or default of anie such payment had bene made or exhibited, anie thing in this Psent Graunt or Act to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And further that it may be enacted likewise that every Archbishop and Bishop, and Deane and Chapter of every See vacant, and other psons chargeable to and with the Collecdon of theise three Subsidies within the said Province of Canterbury shall and may have uppon every payment of the same three Subsidies made to the Lord High Tresurer or Undertresurer of England for the tyme being, or to such other pson or p6ons in place and places to whome and where it shall please your Highnes, or your Court of Exchequer, to appoint for the receipt thereof at every of the aforesaid tymes of payment, a sufficient acquittance discharge or Quietus est in Writing of the aforesaid

Lord High Tresurer or Undertresurer, or of such other p6on or psons, as either your Highnes or your said Court

of Exchequer shall assigne for the receipt thereof, or as heretofore in the like cases it hath been accustomed, the same acquittance, discharge or Quietus est witnessing the receipt of so much of the same some of the said three Subsidies as shalbe so received, and every such acquittance, discharge, or Quietus est in writing subscribed with the name or

names of the Lord High Tresurer, or Undertresurei for the tyme being, or of such Auditor or other pson or p6ons

1 and 0. • being 0. • authorizatus 0. 4 authorizatum 0.

AJkMB

1° Car. I. c. 5.

7

m k ahftO please ymfr Htghnei or joat aid Court of Exchequer to appoint for the same receipt or of such others as heretofore in like cases it hath beene used, shall and may be good and effectuall in the Lave, and be also as i discharge to all and every of the said Collectors, to all such intent? construcdons and purposes, as if the were made by Act of Parliament, And that every of the said Colledora, shall pay but onelie three shilling? foure pence for every generall or finall acquittance discharge or Quietus est, for every payment of the said three Sobaidies, And if any peon so assigned, shall refuse or delay to make such a generall or finall acquittance, discharge, or Quietus est for any payment of the said three Subsidies, or shall require or take for the same any more then three shillingf fbure pence: Or if any other Officer of the Exchequer shall require and take of any Collector or Colicdors, or of his or their Undercolledor or Undercolledors, Deputie or Deputies, in reaped of the CoUecdon, Payment or account of the said three Subsidies, or any Part thereof, or for expedidon, or for any other cause or Ptence whatsoever concerning the same, any fees or somes of money, other then are before in this $Wnt Graunt expressly allowed unto them, shall forfeit the some of tenne pounds of lawfoll many of England, to be paid and recovered in like manner, and to the same uses as is before limited and expressed in this Graunt touching the like Forfeitures of Receivers and Auditors. And also that every particular Acquittance, which uppon any Payment of the said three Subsidies shalbe made by any Collector or Collectors of the said three Subsidies, or of any payment of them, or by his or thdr Undercolledor or Undercolledors Depude or Deputies, in that behalfe, to any Incumbent of any Benefice or pmodon Spirituall, or to any pson or psons contributory and chargeable to and with the said three Subsidies or any part or payment of them, shall be good and effectuall in Lave, and a full and sufficient discharge to every such Incumbent, and other p6on and his Benefice and pmodon Spirituall, of and for all such sdme and tomes of mony, as by the same acquittance shalbe acknowledged to bee received, in respect of the same Benefice, or pmodon Spirituall, for any payment, or any part of the said three Subsidies: and that none acquittance of any other pson or peons, made before such Certificate, shall in any wise discharge any peon or pmodon for any Part or payment of his said Subsidies, nor of any paine penaltie or forfeiture spedfied in this Graunt.

Akd to the intent it may be knowne to the Court of Exchequer, who be the Undercolledor or Undercolledors Deputie or Deputies of every such Archbishopp, Bishopp, or Deane and Chapter authorized to reedve the same, and to make acquittance thereof, every Archbishopp, Bishopp, and Deane and Chapter of any See befog void, shall yearefie together with their Certificates aforemencioned, certifie the names of every of the Undercolledors or Deputies to be appointed as is aforesaid.

Provided alwaies, that no Collector of these three Subsidies, or of any part of them, shall use any pcesse or compulsorie meanes, or exact any Fees or somes of monie for the same, or otherwise, of any pson for not paying the

mid three subsidies or any Part thereof, at such certafoe day and place as shall be by the Collector, or his

Undercolledor or Deputie ^fixed, in case the said pson shall tender the same unto the Collector or his Undercolledor or Deputie within twentie daies next after such (Pfixed day. And that the said Collectors shall not by themselves or any ocher take of any p6on for the receipt of any severall payment of the said three Subsidies, and for his

acquittance thereuppon, any more then foure pence, by any colour or jPtext whatsoever.

Provided alwaies, that no Spirituall pmocions, nor any lands possessions or revenues annexed to the same, befog charged by this Graunt of the Province of Canterbury, or any good? or chattellf growing befog or renewing uppon the same or elsewhere appertaynfog to the owners of the said Spirituall pmocions, or to any of them, shalbe charged nr made contributorie to any Fifteene or Tenth, or to any other Subsidie alreadie graunted to your Highnes by the Lairfo or hereafter to be graunted during the tyme appointed by this graunt for the Payment of the said three Subsidies.

Provided also, that all Deanes, Archdeacons, Dignities, Masters, Wardens, and Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches, and Colledges or any of them within the said Province shalbe [Chargeable1] with theise three Subsidies for those possessions revenues, and pmocions onelie, which to their severall promocions, dignities and roomes are cleerelie and distfodlie lymitted, and to their onelie use severed, thereof to pay (the tenth part befog deduded) for every and each of the said three Subsidies foure shillingf of every foil pound in manner and forme as b above rehearsed. And that all those rents possessions proffittf porcions hereditament f and Spirituall promocions and every of them heretofore by your Highnes, or any of the Kfogf or Queenes of this Realme, or any other pson or peons whatsoever, given, graunted, bequethed, devised, or impropriated unto the said Cathedrall or collegiate Churches or Colledges, or to any of them which any waies be assigned, imployed, or used, either for or towards the yearelie maintenance of Readers of Divfoitie, Poore men, Schoolemasters, Ushers, Grammarians, Petie Canons, Conductf, Vicars chorall, Sfogfogmen, Choristers, Virgers, Sextons, or of any other necessarie or dailie Officers or Ministers in such Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or anie of them, or for or towards foe reedifying or repayring of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, shall not be charged with any part of theise three Subsidies: the certentie of which porcions aswell chargeable to theise three Subsidies, as not chargeable in this behalfe, the Archbishopp of Bishopp of the Dioces, or (the See befog void) the Deane and Chapter or any other to whome the same shall or may appertain^ uppon due search and examinaciofl shall certifie under his or their Seales into your Highnes said Court of Exchequer, at or before the severall daies aforesaid appointed for the paymentf of the said three Subsidies.

Provided alwaies, that every Parson Vicar, or other Spirituall pson paying any Pension whereof no allowance is made in the valuadon of his pmodon or Benefice shall and may retafoe to his owne use and releife so much of every pound of every such Pension for every payment of these three Subsidies as he standeth charged by this Graunt to pay for every Part and payment of these three Subsidies out of every pound for the whole valuadon of his Spirituall penockm, any Covenant, Graunt, or Bond to the contrarie notwithstanding.

1 charged 0.

Fee for Quietus e*.

Refuring, Rc. Quietus est or taking a larger

Penalty jtfio.

Particular Acquittance by Collector to Incumbent, See* a full Discharge in Law.

Acquittance before Certificate not good.

Names of Under, collectors, See. certified by Archbishop, &c.

Process not to issue within Twenty Days after Day

Krfixcd for yment.

Fee to Collector on Acquittance.

Spiritual

Promotions, Arc. not chargeable to any other Subsidy.

Deans,

Archdeacons, Prebendaries, Arc. of Cathedrals and Colleges, Arc. bow chargeable.

Archbishop, &c. to certify Portions chargeable and not chargeable into Exchequer.

Proviso for Spiritual Persons paying Pensions.

1° Car. I. c.5.

A.D. 1625.

Proviso for Lands, Art. formerly granted for Obits, &c. and come into the hands of King E. VI. under Act i Edw. VI. c. 14.

Proviso for the Universities.

Colleges of Windsor, Westminster, Eaton, and Winchester;

Hospitals, Free Schools, &c.

Proviso for Livings not above £6. 13. 4. yearly.

Livings of #g8. and not above £ 10. yearly Value, shall pay 6s. 8d. on each Subsidy. Vicarages under j£8. Incumbent not to be charged.

Grant ratified by Parliament.

II.

Power to Collectors to levy Subsidies by Authority of Censures of the Church and by Sequestration, Distress, &c.

Provided also and your said Prelates and Clergie doe most humblie beseech your Highnes, that it may be enacted by your Majesties authoritie and your High Court of Parliament, that where certaine Lands Tenementf Rents Spirituall Promodons Tithes Pencions Pordons Fruitf and other Hereditamentf, latelie belonging to divers Cathedrall Churches and to other places and p6ons Ecclesiasticall within the said Province of Canterbury, which were given and assigned to be bestowed and spent in and on finding and maintayning of certaine Chaim tries, Anniversaries, Qhites, Lights, Lampes, and other like charges, intentf, and purposes, of late came into the hands and possession of the late King of famous memorie, Edward the sixt by force of a Statute thereof made in the first yeare of his raigne as by the said Statute more plainelie appeareth, that the Cathedrall Churches, and the Bishopps, Deanes or Presidents, and Chapters, and Prebendaries of the same, and all other places and psons Ecclesiasticall and every of them, to whome the said Lands Rents and other the pmisses, or anie of them did latelie appertaine, shall not during the tyme appointed by this Graunt for the payment of the said three Subsidies be charged to and with any payment of Subridie, of and for that part and porcion of Lands Tenementf Rents Spirituall pmocions and other Hereditamentf, or any of them whereunto the said late King by force of the said Statute was intituled or possessed of, nor of any yerelie Rents or Paymentf going out of the said Cathedrall Churches and other the Places and psons Ecclesiasticall aforesaid, And that deduccion and allowance thereof be made to them and every of them accordingiie, in and uppon every payment of the said three Subsidies out of the whole taxacion valuacion and estimacion made for the payment of the said ppetuall Disme or Tenth remayning of Record in your Highnes Court of Exchequer as aforesaid for the rate and porcion of Lands Tenementf Rents Spirituall pmocions and other Hereditamentf, and those yerelie paymentf whereunto the said late King was intituled or possessed of, or which since the making of the said Statute, by reason they have byn found as Lands Tenementf Rents Tithes and other Hereditamentf concealed from the said late King Edward the sixt, the late King Henry the eight, the late Queene Mary, the late Queene Elizabeth, your late most Royall Father, or any of them, or from your Majestie, or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the said Cathedrall Churches, and other the places and psons aforesaid or of any of them by force of the Statute premised or any otherwise.

Provided also, that these three Subsidies graunted by the Clergie or any part of them, shall not be demaunded or levied out of any Benefice, house of Students or Colledge sdtuate or sett within either of the Univsities of Oxford or Cambridge or any Benefice Landes, or other revenues unto the said Univsities or either of them, or to any house of Students or Colledge in any of the said UniVsilies united appropriated or appertayning, or out of any Benefice Lands or revenues of the Colledge of Windsor, or of the Colledge of Westminster, or of the Colledge of Eaton neere Windsor, or of the Colledge called Saint Maries Colledge by Winchester founded by William Wickham sometimes Bishopp of Winchester, or of any Hospitallf Almshouses Grammer Schooles, or of any Church, Benefice, or other revenues to the said Colledges Hospitallf, Almeshouses or Grammer Schooles, or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwise appertayning.

Puovided alwaies, That all Parsons, Vicars, and all other Ecclesiasticall psons, whose Benefices are not above six pounds thirteene shillingf foure pence by the yeere after the taxacion aforesaid, shall not be charged with these three Subsidies, or any part of the same*

Provided also that every Viccar, whose Benefice is eight pounds or above, and not above ten pounds by the yeare, after the taxacion aforesaid, shall pay unto your Highnes your Heires and Successors six shillingf and eight pence at every payment of the said three Subsidies, at such times and to such psons as is aforesaid, for his part of

the said three Subsidies, And if any Vicarage be under eight pounds by the taxacion aforesaid, the Incumbent shall

not be charged with any part or payment of the said three Subsidies: And for the sure and true payment of these three Subsidies graunted by your said plates and Clergie of the province of Canterburie, according to the tenor purpose effect and true meaning of this fDsent Graunte, your said Prelates and Clergie most humblie desire your Highnes, that this their said Gift, Graunt, and three Subsidies and every matter, s5me of mony, Peticion, Clause, pvisions, Reservations and Sentences in this Instrument conteyned, concerning the said three Subsidies^ may be ratified established and confirmed by the authoritie of your Highnes Court of Parliament.

In quop 01m & singulop jPmissop fidem & testimoniu. Nos Georgius Archiepus Cantuariensis antedcus has Rentes iras nras Testimonial, sive hoc fPsens publicum Instrumentum ad humilem rogatum Prelatoj* & Cleri pdief, Sigilli nn appensione, ac signo n5ie & subscripcfe Jofcis Drake Notarij publici deputati Nictii Weston Registrar^ nri principalis, jussim9 & fetim9 comuniri. Datum dfo octavo die mensis Julij Anno Dili Mittimo sexcentesimo vicesimo quinto,

Regnick vri felitissimi Angi Scorie Fran? & Hibn primo & nre tansla66is Anno decimo quinto.

Wherefore for the true and sure payment of the said Subsidies graunted by the said Prelates and Clergie of the said Province of Canterbury according to the tenor effect and true meaning of the said Instrument, Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, that the said Gift and Graunte, and every matter some of mony peticion, pvision, clause, and sentence in the same Instrument conteyned, shall stand and be ratified established and confirmed by the authoritie of this psent Parliament.

And further be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that every pson that shalbe appointed to the collecting and

gathering of the said Subsidies, shall have [full*] power and authoritie to levie take and pceive the said Subsidies by

the Authoritie of the Censures of the Church, That is to saie, by Suspension, Excomunicacion, or Interdiction, and

also by Sequestration of the firuites and proffittf of their Benefices and promodons Spirituall, in whose hands soever

they be, and to make sale of the same fruits, without danger of the Lawes of this Realme, or by distresse uppon

the possessions of the Farmers or occupiers of the Lands and Tenementf chargeable by the said Instrument, for or

to the payment of any some or somes of monie to be due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discretion of the ——-----

1 0. omits.

A.D. 1625.

1° Car. I. c. 5,6.

9

Collector thereof. And that no Replevie, Prohibicion, or Supsedeas, shall be allowed or obeyed for ante psons

making default of the payment of the said Subsidies or any of them contrary to the tenor of the Graunt thereof,

until! such time as they have trulie satisfied and contented all such part and porcions as to them in that behalfe

appertayneth. And that every such Farmor and Farmors their Executors and Assignes that shall fortune hereafter Farmers psyiag for

to be charged to or with the payment of the said Subsidies or anie part [of them,'] shall by the Authoritie aforesaid their Lessor* m*y

be allowed and retaine in his hands as much of his yearelie Rent and Farme as the some which he shall fortune to reU,n ^ ° t#

pay for his Lord or Leasour shall extend unto; (except that the said Farmor or Farmors their Executors or Assignes,

by the Lease and Graunt that they have of any part of the Landes Tithes Proffitt? [and1] Tenement? chargeable to

the said Subsidies or by force of any Covenant or Article therein contayned, be bound and charged to pay the

same, and thereof to discharge the Leasor and Landlord during the terme mencioned in the said Lease.)

Amd likewise, be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That whereas divers Curates liable to III.

the Subsidies, being oftentymes removeable, doe serve aswell in divers Impropriacions beloingning to the King? DirtreL

Majestie, as in other Spirituall promocions belonging to other psons, that for the speedy recoverie of the said on Fanners of Subsidies it may be lawfull to the said Collector or Collectors of the said Subsidies their D?putie or Deputies to levie the said Subsidies uppon the Farmor or Farmors, or occupiers of all such Impropriacions or Spirituall pmocions by all censures of the Church aforesaid, and every of them, or by way of distresse of Tithes of the said Impropriacion or Impropriacions and Spirituall pmocions, or otherwise uppon the good? and chattell? of the said Farmor or Farmors and Occupiers, in which case no inhibicion phibicion Replevin or other pcesse awarded to the contrary shalbe obeyed, any Lawes Statutes Priviledges or Customes to the contrary hereof heretofore made graunted or used or hereafter to be made graunted or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. And that it may be lawfull to

the Collector and other Officers and Ministers of such Archbishop, Bishop, Deane and Chapter for not payment of the said Subsidies, after the same shalbe due in or at any of the said tymes of payment, to prise and value the said Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent neighbours by him to be chosen, and the Distresse and Distresses so prised to sell and thereof to detaine so much mony as shall amount to the some payable to the King? most Excellent Majestie with the reasonable charges also of the said Collectors susteined in that behalfe, and the rest of the money made of the said Distresse to be delivered and paid to the Owner and Occupier thereof.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that every lay pson having Spirituall pmocion IV.

chargeable by this Act, and also having Temporall possessions Good? Chattell? and Debt? charged to the said iJ^for» Subsidies graunted in this Parliament by the Temporalde, shalbe taxed charged and sett for his said Spirituall *° —tu#j

pmocions with the Clergie, and his Temporall possessions and Chattell? reall with the Temporalde, and not otherwise, any thing before mencioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Possession*.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that all and every graunt and graunt? of all and every ^ ^V-some and s5mes of monie granted, or which hereafter shalbe graunted to the King? Majesrie by the Clergie of the to the subsidy of Province of Yorke, shalbe of the same strength force and effect in all thing?, as the said graunt made by the said the^rovince Province of Canterbury, and shalbe taxed certified collected levied gathered and paied according to the tenor forme and effect of this pfeent Act of Parliament to all intent? constructions and purposes in such manner and forme as though it were specially plainelie and particulerlie expressed and rehearsed in this psent Act by expresse word? termes and sentences, in their severall natures and kindes.

Prov ided alwaies, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that all pvisions before rehearsed, contayned or to VI.

be contayned in the said Graunt of the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, and the like of the same G^uofthe1^ Provisoes contayned in the said Graunt of the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Yorke, shalbe good and C^r<leclaired effectuall, and to be observed and kept in every point and article according to the purport and true meaning of the same.

CHAPTER VI.

An A&e for the Graunt of two entire Subsidies graunted by the Temporaltie. /?*.. Pari. «». 6.

MOST Excellent and most Gracious Soveraigne, wee your Majesties most humble faithfull and loving Subject?, your Comoro assembled in your High Court of Parliament, taking into our due and serious Consideration the manifold occasions which at your Majesties first entrance into the Govemement of these your Realmes and Dominions doe presse your Majestie; and your most important Affaires, which both at home and abroad are now m Acdon, and cannot but exhaust your Treasure beyond the ordinarie pporcion of your setled Revenue; and with joy and comfort unexpressable, calling to minde the great hopes wee have received heretofore, and the psent Assurance wee now enjoy of your Majesties most Wise Religious and Gracious Government; As a pledge of our most bounden dutie and thankefullnes Wee humblie p&ent your Majestie with the free and cheerefull Gift Grant of Two of two entire Subsidies, which wee humblie beseech your Majestie graciouslie to accept, as the first fruit? of the most dutifull Affecdons of your loyall and loving Subject? devoted to your Service: And wee shall dailie and Estates (after devoutke pray unto the Almightie God, the King of King? for a blessing from heaven upon your high and great ^ebuT&c.) as. Sd. Designer that they may be successefull and prosperous to the glory of God, your Majesties etemall Honour and in the Pound, the restoring of the auncient renowne and glory of this Nacion.

* thereof 0.

• or 0.

1° Car. I. c. 6.

A.D. 1625.

Aliens and Popish Recusants Convict, 5s.4d.in the Pound.

Poll Tax on Aliens and Popish Recusants Convict not contributory as above 8d.

IT.

Two Subsidies on Real Estates 4®. in the Pound.

Aliens, &c.

8s. in the Pound.

III. Plate, &c. held for Corporations to be rated.

Lands, Corodies, Fees, &c.

Proviso for Ornaments, &c. of Churches and Chappeis.

And therefore wee humbly beseech your Majestie, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie, the Lords Spirituali and Temporall, and Comons in this f?sent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, that our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Succcessors shall have receive and enjoy two entire Subsidies, to be rated taxed levied and paid at two severall paymentf, of every pson Spirituali and Temporall of what estate or degree he or they be of, according to the tenor of this Act in manner and forme following, That is to saie, Aswell that every pson borne within this Realme of England Wales, or other the Kings Dominions, as all and every Fratemitie Guild Corporation Misterie Brotherhood and Commonalde corporate & not corporate within this Realme of England, Wales, or other the Kings Dominions being worth three pounds, for every pound, as well in coine and the value of every pound that every such pson, Fratemitie, Guild, Corporation, Misterie Brotherhood and Commonalde corporate or not corporate, hath of his or their owne, or any other to his or their use. As also Plate stocke of Merchandise, all manner of come and graine, housholdstuffe, and of all other goods moveable, aswell within this Realme as without, and of all such somes of mony as to him or them is or shalbe owing whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience surelie to be paid (except and out of the pmisses deducted such somes of mony as he or they doe owe, and in his and their consciences intend trulie to pay, and except also the apparell of every such psons, their wives and children belonging to their owne bodies, saving jewellf gold silver stone and pearle) shall pay to and for either of the said Subsidies, two shillingf eight pence of every pound. And also every Alien and Straunger borne out of the Kings obeysance, aswell Denizen and others inhabiting within this Realme; and also every Popish Recusant convict, or which before the tyme of the Assessement of the severall Subsidies by this fPisent Act graunted shalbe a Popish Recusant convict, or which are or shalbe indicted for Popish Recusande, and their

indiftmentf are or shalbe removed by Cerciorare, of every pound that he or they shall have in come and the

value of every pound in plate come graine merchandize housholdstuffe or other goods jewellf chattellf moveable and unmoveable as is aforesaid, as well within this Realme as without, and of all s5mes of money to him or them owing, whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience to be paid (except and out of the pmisses deducted, every such some or somes of mony which he or they doe owe, and in his or their conscience or consdences

intend trulie to pay) shall pay to and for each of the said Subsidies, five shillingf foure pence of every pound.

And also that every Alien and stranger borne, borne out of the Kings Dominions, being denizen or not denizen, got being contributorie to any the Rates aforesaid, and being of the age of seavon yeares or above, And every Popish Recusant convict, or which before the time of the Assessement of the severall Subsidies by this psent Act graunted shalbe a Popish Recusant convict and being of the age of seaventeene yeares,. or which being of the age of one and twentie yeares have not received the holy Comunion within one yeare then last past, shall pay to and for the said first Subsidie eight pence for every poll, and to and for the oaid second Subsidie eight pence for every poll, And the master or he or shee, with whome the said Alien is or shalbe abiding at the tyme of the taxacion or taxacions thereof to be charged with the same for lacke of payment thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every pson borne under the Kings obeisance, and every Corporacion, Fratemitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood, and Commonalde, corporate or not corporate for every pound that every of the same psons, and every Corporacion, Fratemitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood & CSraonaltie corporate or not corporate, or any other to his or their use hath in fee simple fee taile for terme of life terme of yeares by Execution Wardship or by Coppie of Court Roll of and in any Honors Castles Mannors Lands Teiitf Rents §vices Hereditam’f Anuities Fees Corrodies or other yearelie proffiitf of the yearelie value of twentie shillingf, as well within auncient demesne and other places priviledged as elsewhere, and so upward, shall pay to and for the said first subsidie, foure shillingf of and for every pound and to and for the second Subsidie foure shillingf of and for every pound : And every Alien denizen or not denizen borne out of the Kings obeysance; and every Popish Recusant convict, or which before the tyme of the assessement of the severall Subsidies by this pfeent Act graunted, shalbe a Popish Recusant convict, which shalbe indicted for Popish Recusancie, and their indiftmentf are or shalbe removed by Cerciorare, in such case to pay to and for the said first Subsidie eight shillingf for every pound, And to and for the said second Subsidie eight shillingf of every pound.

And that all somes to be jpsented and chargeable by this Act, either for goods and debts, or either of them, or for Lands Tenementf and other the pmisses, as is in this Act contained, shalbe at every of the said paymentf, set and taxed after the rate and pporcion [and according to the true-meaning of this Act; Lands and Tenementf chargeable to the dismes of the Clergie and yearelie wages due to the servauntf for their yearelie service (other then the Kings servauntf taking yearelie wages of five pounds or above) onelie excepted and foreprised. And that all Plate, Coyne, Jewellf, Goods, Debts and Chattellf psonallf, and all Lands, Tenementf, and other the pmisses as aforesaid, being in the rule and custodie of any pson or psons to the use of any Corporacion, Fratemitie, Guild, Misterie, Brotherhood, or any Commonaltie, being corporate or not corporate, be, and shalbe rated, set, and charged by reason of this Act, at the value certified by the Renters of that Certificate of every pound in goods and debts as is aforesaid, And for every pound in Lands- Tenementf Anuities Fees Corrodies, and other yearelie proffittf as is aforesaid, and the s5mes that are above rehearsed sett and taxed to be levied and taken of them that shall have such goods in custodie, or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehearsed, And the same pson and psons, and bodies corporate by authoritie of this Act shalbe discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the time of the payment or deliverie thereof, or at his otherwise departure from the custodie or possession of the same: Except and alwaies foreprised from the charge and assessement of the said Subsidies all Goods Chattellf Jewellf and omamentf of Churches and Chappellf, which have beene ordayned arid used in Churches and Chappellf for the honor and service of Almighde God.

AJ).1625

1° Car. I. c. 6.

11

And the said first Subsidie, shalbe by authoritie aforesaid taxed, sessed, and rated according to this Act, in every Shire, Riding, Lath, Wapentake, Rape, Cide, Borough, Towne, and every other place within this Realme of England, and Wales, and other the Kings Dominions before the last day of September now next coming, And the said second Subsidie, shall by the authoride aforesaid, be taxed sessed and rated before the last day of March now next ensuing, And the particuler somes of every Shire Riding, Borough, Towne, and other place aforesaid, with the particular names of such as are or shalbe chargeable, to, and for the payment of the said first Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Cdmissioners to the same to be lymitted, or two of them at the least, with the names of the high Collectors, and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer, before the twendth day of October next coming : And the particuler somes of every Shire,. Riding, Borough, Towne, and other places aforesaid, with the particular names of such as are chargeable for the said second Subsidie to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be lymitted or two of them at the least, with the names of the high Collectors, and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer, before the twentith of Aprill now next cfiming, And the said s5mes in forme aforesaid to be taxed to and for the payment of the said first Subsidie, shalbe paid in one entire s5me into the Kings receipt of Exchequer aforesaid to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord, at or before the last day of October now next cdming, And the said somes in manner and forme aforesaid, to be taxed for the payment of the said second Subsidie shalbe paid in one entire some into the receipt aforesaid, to the use aforesaid at or before the last day of Aprill now next coming, And the s5mes abovesaid, of and for the said Subsidies shalbe taxed, set, asked, and demaunded, taken, gathered, levied, and paid to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord his Heires and Successors in forme aforesaid, as well within Liberties Franchesies San&uaries Auncient demesnes and other whatsoever places exempt or not exempt, as without, except such Shires places and psons as shalbe foreprised in and by this fSsent AS, any Grant Charter pscripcion, Use or Libertie, by reason of any ires patentf, or other priviledge pscripcion, allowance for the same, or whatsoever other matter or discharge heretofore to the contrary made, granted, used, or obtayned notwithstanding.

Axd it is further enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That every such pson aswell such as be borne under the Kings obeysance, as every other pson Stranger borne, Denizen or not Denizen, inhabiting within this Realme, or within Wales, or other the Kings Dominions, which at the tyme of the same assesingf or Taxacions or e9y of them to be had or made, shalbe out of this Realme, or out of Wales, and have, goods chattellf lands [and1] tenementf fees or anilities, or other proffittf within this Realme, or in Wales shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the inhabitantf of the place where such goods chattellf lands tenementf or other the pmisses then shalbe, or in such other place where such pson or psons, or his or their Factor Deputie, or Attomy shall have their most resort unto, within this Realme or in Wales, in like manner as if the said pson were or had byn at the tyme of the said assessing within this Realme: And that every pson abiding or dwelling [withina] or without this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsidies graunted by this Act, according and after the rate of such yearelie substance, or value of lands, or tenementf goods chattellf and other the pmisses, as every pson so to be charged, shalbe set at, at the tyme of the said assessing or taxacion upon him to be made and no otherwise.

And be it further enacked by the authoritie aforesaid that for the assessing and ordering of the said two Subsidies to be dulie had the Lord Chauncellor of England, or the Lord Keep of the Great Seale, the Lord Treasurer of England, the Lord President of the Kings Councell, the Lord Privie Seale, the Lord Steward of the Kings houshold, the Lord Admirall of England, the Lord Chamberlakie of the Kings most honorable Houshold for the tyme being or two of them at the least (whereof the Lord Chauncello) of England, or Keep of the Greate Seale for the tyme being to be one) shall and may name and appoint of and for every Shire Riding and other places, aswell within this Realme as in Wales, and other the Kings Dominions, as also of and for every Citie and Towne being a Countie of it selfe, and of and for the Isle of Wight, such certaine nomber of psons of every of the same Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes and Isle of Wight and every other place, as they shall thinke convenient to be Comissioners of and within the same place whereof they be Inhabitantf : and also of and for the honorable houshold of the Kings Majestie, in what Shire or other place the said houshold shall [ then happen3 ] to be, And the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keep of the great Seale for the tyme being, and other with him before named, or two of them as aforesaid in like manner may name and appoint of every other such Borough, Townes corporate, as well in England as in Wales, and other the Kings Dominions, as they shall thinke fitt and requisite, six, five, foure, three or two of the head Officers, and other honest inhabitantf in every of the said Cities Boroughes and Townes corporate, according to the nomber and multitude of the people being in the same, The which psons (if any such be) thereunto named of the said Inhabitantf of the said Boroughs and Townes corporate, not being Counties of themselves, shalbe joyned and putt in as Comissioners, with the psons named for such Shires and Ridingf, as the said Boroughes and Townes corporate, not being Counties, in themselves, be set and have their being: which psons so named for and of the said Boroughs and Townes corporate, not being Counties, by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not take uppon them, nor none of them to put any part of their Comissiop in execucion for the p^nusses out of the said Boroughs and Townes corporate wherein they be so named onelie, nor to execute the said C5mission within the Borough or Towne corporate where they shalbe so dwelling, but at such daies and tymes as the said other Comissioners for the same Shire and Riding shall thereunto lymitt and appoint within the said Borough and Towne corporate not being a Countie, whereof they be so named, and not out of such Borough or Towne, and in that manner to be ayding and assisting with the said other Comissioners, in and for the good executing of the effect of the said Comission, uppon paine of every of the said Comissioners soe named, for every such Citie Borough and Towne corporate, not being a Countie, to make such Fine as the said other Comissioners in the Comission of and for the same Shire or Riding so named, or three of them at the least, shall by their discredons sett and ccrtifie into the Kings Exchequer, there to be levied to the use of the Kings Majestie in like manner as if such or like s5mes bad byn sett and rated uppon every such pson for the said Subsidies.

IV.

Subsidies when rated in Shires, Towns, See.

Names, Places, See. of Persons liable sent to the Exchequer.

Names of Collectors certified to the Exchequer.

Payments in Liberties, Sec.

V.

Absentees whether Natives or Aliena charged by Certificate of Inhabitant of P ace where Lands, See. be.

Rule by which they are to be charged.

VI.

Commissioners to be appointed by Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, and other great Officers.

Commissioners for Boroughs and Towns Corporate, not being Counties, not to execute Act out of their Boroughs or Towns.

Penalty.

Certificate thereof by the other Commissioners to the Exchequer.

9 within this 0.

9 happen then 0.

1°Car.I. c.

A.D. 1625.

Commissions directed out of Chancery.

Schedules to Commissions.

Commissioners to divide themselves.

Commissioners not compellable to ad out of Shires,

vri.

Commissioners to execute Ad according to the tenor thereof.

Commissioners to direct Precepts to certain number of Inhabitants in Hundreds, &c. to appear before Commissioners.

Persons who receive Precepts are to ahew such Precepts to the other Inhabitants named therein.

Penalty 40s.

VIII.

Persons named in Precept to appear before Commissioners.

Such Persons making Default or refusing to serve.

Penalty 40s.

Upon Appearance charged to make enquiry into

The which Comissioners soe named of and for the said Citties, Boroughs and Townes not being Counties, and onelie put into the said Comission by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not have any part or porcion of the Fees and rewardf of the Chmissioners and their Clerkf in this Act afterwards specified and allowed, And the Lord Chauncellor of England or Keep of the greate Seale of England for the tyme being, shall make and direct out of the Court of Chauncery under the great Seale severall Comissions: That is to saie, For every Shire Riding Lath Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Borough Isle and houshold unto such pson and p6ons as by his discredon, or any of the other with him before named and appointed, as is before rehearsed shalbe thought sufficient for the sessing and levying of the said two Subsidies in all Shires and places, according to the true meaning of this Acte: which Comission for the payment of the said first Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners, or to one of them, before the last day of August next coming, And the Comission for the payment of the said second Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners, or to one of them before the last day of Februarie next coming, And to every of the said Cdmissions tenne Schedules conteyning in them the tenor of this Act shalbe affiled: By the which C5mission, the Comissioners in every such Comission named according to this Acte, and as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission shall have full power and authoride to putt the effect of the said Comission in Execucion: And that by the authoririe of this Act, after such Comission to them directed they may by their assentf and agreementf sever themselves for the execucion of their Comission, in Hundreds Lathes, Wards, Rapes, Wapentakes, Townes, Parishes, and other places within the lymittf of the said Cdmission, in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered, and betweene them to be comuned and agreed, according to the tenor and effect of the Comission to them therein directed, Uppon which severance every pson of this psent Parliament that shalbe Comissioner shalbe assigned unto the Hundred where he dwelleth. Provided alwaies that no pson be or shalbe compelled to be any Chmissioner to and for the execucion of this psent Act, but onelie in the Shire where he dwelleth and inhabiteth. And that any pson assigned to the contrary thereof in any wise, shall not be compelled to put in execucion the effect of this Act or any part thereof*

And be it alsoe enacted by the authoritie of this Psent Parliament, That the Chmissioners and every of them which shalbe named lymitted and appointed according to this Act to be Chmissioners in every such Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cide Towne Borough Isle and the said houshold, or any other place, and none other, shall trulie effectuallie and diligentlie for their part execute the effect of this psent Act, according to the tenor thereof in every behalfe, and no otherwise by any other meanes without omission, favour, dread, malice, or any other thing to be attempted or done by them or any of them to the contrary thereof, And the said Comissioners, or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission, and none other, for the execucion of the said Comission and Act, shall for the taxacion of the said first Subsidie, before the twendth day of September next ensuing; And for the Taxacion of the said second Subsidie, shall before the twendth [day*] of March next coming by vertue of the Comission delivered unto them in forme [aforesaid,l] direct their severall or joynt pcept or pceptf unto eight, seaven, sixe, five, foure, three or two, as for the nomber of the Inhabitantf shalbe requisite of the most substancial! discreet and honest psons inhabitantf to be named by the said Comissioners, or by as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes Townes and other places aswell within Liberties, Franchesies, Aundent demesne, places exempted and Sanctuaries, as without, within the lymittf of the Shires, Ridingf, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Citties, Townes, Boroughs, and Isle aforesaid, and other Places within the lymkts of their Comission, and to the Constables, Subconstables, Bailifff and other like Officers and Ministers of every of the said Hundreds, Townes, Wards, Lathes, Wapentakes, Parishes and other Places aforesaid, as to the said Commissioners and every nomber of them or unto three or two of them by their discredon in division shall seeme expedient, as by the manner and use of those parts, shalbe requisite, straitlie by the said pcept charging and comaunding the said Inhabitantf Constables and other Officers aforesaid, to whome such pcept

shalbe so directed to appeare in their pper psons before the said Comissioners or such nomber of them, as they

shall divide themselves, according to the tenor of the said Comission at certaine daies and places by the said Comissioners or any nomber of them as is aforesaid, within Cities Boroughs or Townes corporate or without in any other Places as is aforesaid, by their discredon shalbe lymitted thereunto, to doe and accomplish all that to them on the part of the Kings Majestie shalbe enjoyned touching this Act: Comaunding further by the same pcept, that hee to whose hands such pcept shall come, shall shew and deliver the same to the other Inhabitantf or Officers named in the same pcept, And that none of them faile to accomplish the same uppon paine of sortie shillingf to be forfeited to the Kings Majestie.

And it is further ordeyned by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, that at the said day and place pfixed and lymitted in the said pcept, every of the said Comissioners then being in the Shire, and not having suffident excuse for his absence, at the day and place pfixed for that part whereunto he was lymitted, shall appeare in his owne pper pson, and there the same Comissioners being psent or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Kings Majesties Comission, shall call or cause to be called before them the said Inhabitantf and officers to whome they have

directed their said pceptf, and which had in comaundement there to appeare by vertue of the said pcept. And

if any pson so warned make default, unlesse he then be letted by sicknes or lawfiill excuse, and that lett be then witnessed by the oathes of two credible psons, or if any appearing refuse to serve in forme following, Then every such pson so making default or refusing to serve shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie sortie shillingf, and so at every tyme appointed by the saide Comissioners for the same Taxacion, untill such Tyme the nomber of every such p6ons have appeared and certified in forme underwritten, every of them so making default or refusing to serve, shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie sortie shillingf, and uppon the same appearance had, they shalbe charged before the Comissioners by all convenient waies and meanes (other then by corporall Oath) to enquire of the best and most value of the substance of every pson dwelling and abiding within the lymitts of the places that they shalbe

1 0. omits. * abovesaid 0.

A.D. 1625.

1° Car. I. c. 6.

13

charged with, and of other which shall have his or their most resort unto any of the said places and chargeable with any sGxne of mony by this Acte of the said [Subsidies ‘] and of all other thing? requisite touching the said Act, and according to the intent of the same, and thereuppon as neere as it may be or shall come to their knowledge, without respect of any former taxacion heretofore had, trulie to psent and certifie before the said Comissioners the names and surnames, and the best and uttermost substance and values of every of them, as well of Landes Tenement? and other Hereditament? Possessions and Proffitt?, as of goodes chattell? debt? and other thing? chargeable by the same Ad, without any concealement, love, favour, affeccion, dread or malice, uppon paine of forfeiture of five pound? or more, to be taxed, extracted, and levied in forme as hereafter in this psent Ad shall be lymitted or appointed : and thereuppon the said Comissioners shall openlie there read, or cause to be read unto them the said rates in this Act mencioned, and openlie declare the effect of their charge unto them in what manner and forme they ought and should make their certificates according to the rates and somes thereof abovesaid, and of all manner of psons aswell Aliens and Strangers Denizens or not Denizens inhabiting within this Realme, as of such psons as be borne under the King? obeisance chargeable to this Act, and of the possessions goodes and chattell? of Fraternities Guild? Corporacions Brotherhood? Misteries Comonalties, and other as is abovesaid, and of psons being in the part? beyond the Seas, having Good? and Chattell? Land? or Tenement? within this Realme as is aforesaid, and of all good? being in the Custodie of any pson or psons, to the use of any other as is abovesaid, by the which Infonnacion and shewing, the said psons should have such plaine knowledge of the true intent of this psent Ad, and of the manner of their Certificate, That the same psons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance. And after such charge, and the Statute of the said [Subsidies*3 and the manner of the said Certificate to be made in writing, conteyning the names and surnames of every pson, and whether he be borne without the King? obeysance, or Within, and the best value of every pson, in every degree, aswell of the yearelie ralue of Land? and Tenement?, and of such like possessions and proffitt?, as of the value of good? and chattell? debt? and every thing to their certificate requisite and necessary to them declared, the said CSmissioners there being, shalby their discretions lymitt and appoint unto the said psons another day and place to appeare before the said Comissioners, and charging the said psons, that they in the meane tyme shall make diligent inquirie by all waies and meanes of the p^misses, and then and there every of them uppon paine of forfeiture of sortie shilling? to the King? Majesrie, to appeare att the said new pfixed day and place there to certifie unto the said Comissioners in writing according to their said charge and according to the true intent of the said Graunt of Subsidie and as to them in manner aforesaid hath bene declared and shewed by the Comissioners, Att which daie and place so to them {Pfixed, if anie of the said psons make default, or appeare and refuse to make the said Certificate that then everie of them so offending, to fbrfeite to the King? Majesrie sortie shilling? except there be a reasonable excuse of his default, by reason of his sicknes or otherwise by the oathes of two credible psons there witnessed, and of such as appeare readie to make Certificate as is aforesaid, the said Comissioners there being, shall take and receave the same Certificate and every part thereof, and the names values and substance of everie pson so certified And if the said Comissioners see cause reasonable they shall examine the said Presenters thereof, and thereupon the said Cfimissioners att the said daks and place by their agreement amongest themselves, shall from rime to rime there openlie pfixe a day at a certaine place or places within the limitt? of their Comission by their discrecion for their further pceeding to the said Assessing of the same [Subsidies,3] And thereuppon att the said day of the said Certificate, as is aforesaid taken, the same C5missioners shall make their pcept or p^cept? to the Constables Subconstables Bailiff? or other Officers of such Hundred? Wapentakes Townes or other places aforesaid as the same Comissioners shalbe of comprysing and conteyning in the said pcept? the names and surnames of all psons psented before them in the said Certificate, of whome if the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the King? Comission shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substance in Land? Good? .Chattell? or somes of money owing unto them or other substance aforesaid then uppon such pson or psons soe certified and specified as aforesaid, the same Crimissioners shall make their pcept? or pcept directed to the Constables Bailiff? or other Officers crimanding the said Constables Bayliff? or other officers to whome such p>cept shalbe directed to warne such psons whose names shalbe comprised in the said pcept? att their mansions, or to their psons, that the same psons named in such pVept? and everie of them shall psonallie appeare before the said C5missioners at the said new pfixed day and place there to be examined by all waies and meanes (other then by corporall oath) by the said Comissioners of their greatest substance and best value, and of all and everie somes of money owing to them and other whatsoever matter con?ning the pmisses or anie of them according to this Act. At which day and place so Infixed the said Comissioners then and there being, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the

King? Comission, shall cause to be called the said psons whose names shalbe comprised in the said p>cept as is aforesaid for their examinacion, And if anie of [these4] psons which shalbe warned as aforesaid to be examined, which at anie time after the warning, and before the day pfixed shalbe within such place as he may have knowledge of his said appearance to be made make default and appeare not, unlesse a reasonable cause, or els a reasonable excuse by the oathes of two credible psons, before the said Comissioners, be truelie alleaged for his discharge, that then everie of them so making default to be taxed and charged to the King? Majesrie, with and at the double some of the rate, that he should or ought to have bene sett att, for and after the best value of his landes or substance uppon him drifted if he had appeared by the discrecion of the Comissioners there being which Comissioners shall travaile with every of the other psons soe then and there appearing, whose names shalbe exposed in the said ptept or pcept? and in whome anie vehement suspect was or shalbe had in forme aforesaid by all such waies and meanes they can, other then by corporall oath for the better knowledge of their best value, either in hereditament? or possessions, or els in good? or debt? and thereuppon shall have power and authoritie by virtue of this Act according to their discrecions to enlarge and increase the taxation of such psons as they shall soe find

by due examinacion to be of greater value or substance in landes or goodes, then the were psented att.

the Substance of Persons to be charged, but such Enquiry not to be taken on Oath, and to certify before Commissioners.

Penalty or more.

Commissioners to read the Rates openly.

Afterwards another Day appointed by Commissioners for such Persons to appear.

Not appearing,

Penalty 40s.

or refusing to make Certificate.

Penalty 40s.

Commissioners to examine Presenters of Certificate.

Further Proceedings on Assessments by Precept to Constables, 8c c. to warn Persons named therein to appear.

Oath not allowed on Enquiry into the Substance of Persons charged.

Persons named in the said Precept called upon not appearing.

Penalty double Rate. '

On Enquiry* into the Substance of Persons charged, Commissioners inay increase Taxation*

1° Car. I. c. 6.

4.ZU625.

IX.

Spiritual Persona how rated for Temporal Potsesriont.

X.

Assessors

misbehaving.

Commissioners may set a Fine upon them

estreated into the Exchequer.

XI.

Remedy for Persons aggrieved by the Assessment.

Commissioners may abate or increase Assessment.

False Oath of Valueof Lands, &c.

Penalty.

XII. Commissioners to be rated at such Place where they shall be Commissioners ; other Persons where they have

resided for the most Part of the Year preceding.

Absentees assessed where last abiding.

Rate to be according to the Substance of Persons liable.

XIII. Remedy for Commissioners and other Persons taxed in other Place than where they are Commissioners or were resiant for most Part of the preceding Year.

Fee for Allowance.

XIV. Double Charges not to be allowed.

And that eyerie Spirituall pson at eyerie of the said taxations of the said two Subsidies, shalbe rated and sett according to the rate abovesaid, of and for everie pound that the same Spirituall pson, or anie other to his use, hath by discent bargaine or purchase in Fee simple, or fee taile, terme of life, terme of yeres, by execution, by wardshipp, or by coppie of court Roll, in anie mannors lands tenementf rents services offices fees corrodies ahuities and hereditamentf after the true just and yereley value thereof and according as other the Kings Majesties Subjects borne within this Realme be charged in forme above remembred, soe that it extend to the yereley value of twenrie shillingf or above.

And it is further enacted That if the said Taxors or Assessors shall not dulie behave themselves in their inquirie, taxation, Assessement, or Certificate, but shall affectionately corruptlie or parciallie demeane themselves in that behalfe, in such wise, that the Comissioners shalby their considerations deeme them offenders worthie of punishment, for not doeing their dudes therein, that then foure or more of the Comissioners in that Counde for the said Subsidie, shall have power and authoride by their discretions either to charge the said Assessors uppon their corporall oathes, for the better service aforesaid in that behalfe, or els by their discretions to taxe and sett uppon the said Assessors for their misdemeanors in that behalfe, such a fine or paine as they shall thincke good, soe that it exceed not the some of ten pounds, and the same fine or paine att their discretions to estreat into the Courte of Exchequer: Everie which Fine soe taxed and sett, by foure of the said Comissioners or more, and being estreated with the Schedule and Bookes of that limitt shalbe levied and answered to the Kings use in [like1] manner, and forme to all intentf and purposes, as anie other somes that shalbe taxed and become due by virtue of this Statute and Act of Subsidie, and not in any other wise or manner.

And if anie pson certified or rated by virtue of this Act whether he be a Comissioner or other to anie manner of value doth find himselfe greived with the same pWntment, sessing or rating, and thereuppon. complaine to the Comissioners before whome he shalbe called sessed or taxed, or before two of them before the same taxation be certified in the Court of Exchequer that then the said Comissioners, or two of them, shall by ail waies and meanes examine parricularlie and distin&lie the p6on so complayning uppon his oath and other his neighbours by their discretions of every his Lands and Tenementf above specified, and of every his goods chattellf and debts above mentioned: And after due examination and pfeti knowledge thereof had and pceived by the said Comissioners, or two of them, which shall have power by authoride aforesaid, the said Comissioners or two of them, to whome any such complaint shalbe made, by their discretion uppon the oath of the said pson so complayning may abate, defaulke, increase or inlarge the said assessementf, according as it shall appeare unto them just uppon the same examination, and the same some so abated, defaulked, increased, or inlarged, shall be by them estreated in forme as hereafter ensueth. And if it be proved by witnesses, or by the parties owne confession, or other lawfull waie or meanes, within a yeare after any such oath made, that the same pson so rated and swome, was of any better or greater value in lands goodes or other things above specified at the tyme of his said oath, then the same p6on so swome did declare uppon his said oath, that then every such pson so offending shall lose and forfeit to the Kings Majestie so much lawfull mony of England, as he the same pson so swome was set at or taxed to pay.

And also it is enacted by the same authoritie, that every pson to be rated and taxed as is aforesaid, shalbe rated and set, and the some on him set to be levied at such place, where he and his familie were resident for the most part of the yeare next before the same fPsentment and taxation made, and no where else. And that no ComissioB for his Subsidie shall be rated or taxed for his goods or lands, but in the Shire or in other place where he shalbe Comissioner. And that if any pson chargeable to this AS, at the tyme of the said assessingf happen to be out of this Realme, and out of Wales, or farre from the place where he shalbe knowen: then he to be set, where he was last abiding in this Realme, or within Wales, and after the substance, value, and other proffittf of every pson, to be knowen by the examination, certificate or other manner of way as is aforesaid, And that the said Comissioners, or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Kings Majesties Comission or Comissions shall after the rate and rates aforesaid cause every pson so to be set rated and taxed, according to the rate of the substance and value of his lands goodes chattellf and other pffittf chargeable by this Act, whereby the greatest or most best some or somes according to his most substance, by reason of this Act might or may be set or taxed.

And that every pson taxed in any Countie or Place, other then where he and his family were resiant for the most part of the yeare, then next before, or in any Countie or place, other then where he is a Comissioner for the Subsidie, if he be a Comissioner, uppon certificate made to the said Court of Exchequer under the hands and seales of two Comissioners for the same Subsidie in the same Countie or place where such p6on and his family were resiant for the most part of the yeare then next before, or where he is a C5missioner for the* taxation and payment of the same Subsidie, testifying his most resiance, having of familie, or being a Comissioner, shalbe a sufficient discharge for the taxation of that pson in any other places, and of and for all other somes of mony uppon such p6ons so set and taxed, save only the taxations made in that Countie or place from which such certificate shall be made as is aforesaid, and for the sdme of mony uppon such pson there assessed or taxed. And that such certificate without any Plea or other circumstance, shalbe a sufficient warrant aswell to the Barons and Auditor and Auditors of the said Court of Exchequer, as to all and every other Officers, to whome the allowance thereof shall appertaine, paying for such discharge and allowance onelie six pence and no more.

Provided alwaies, that every such pson that shall be rated or taxed according to the intent and true meaning of this Act for paying of and to these Subsidies for and after the yearelie value of his Lands Tenementf, and other reall possessions or proffittf, at any of the said taxations, shall not after be sett and rated for his goods and chattellf, or other moveable substance at the same taxation, and that he that shalbe sett charged or taxed for the same Subsidies

1° Car. I. c. 6.

15

far hit goodes chatteilf and other moveables at any of the said taxacions according to the true meaning of this Act, Aall hoc after be charged taxed or chargeable for his lands or other reall possessions and proffittf abovesaid at the same taxacions or any of them, nor that any pson by any taxacion be double charged for the said Subsidies, nor set oc taxed at several! places by reason of this Act, But if any p6on happen to be double set taxed or charged, either a one place, or at severall places, then he to be discharged of the one taxacion, and charged with the other, according to the meaning and intent of this Act, any thing contayned in this psent Ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

And that it be ordeyned and enacted by the said authoritie of this fPsent Parliament, That no pson having two Mansions, or two places to resort unto, or calling himselfe Houshold servant, or waiting servant to the Kings Majestic, or other Lord or Lady, Master or Mistresse, be excused uppon his saying, from the taxes of the said Subsidies, in neither of the places, where he may be set or taxed, unlesse he bring a Certificate in writing from the Comissioners where that he is so set or taxed indeed at one place. And if any pson that ought to be set and taxed to these pfeent Subsidies by reason of his removing or resorting to two places, or by reason of his saying that he elsewhere was taxed, or by reason of any priviledge of his dwelling or abiding in any place not being foreprised in this Act, or otherwise by his covine or crafte, or by any words or sayings or otherwise: or if any that is a Comissioner or Assessor of others, happen to escape from the said taxacions for the payment of these Subsidies, or any of than, and be not set and taxed according to the true intent of this Act, and that proved by p^sentment, Examination, Information, or otherwise before the said Comissioners, or two of them, or before the Barons of the Kings Ma*f Exchequer, or two Justices of the Peace of that Countie where such pson dwelleth: Then every such pson that by such meanes or otherwise, willinglie by covin or without just cause, shall happen to escape from the said taxations or paymentf aforesaid or any of them, and shall not be rated taxed and set shall be charged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof, with, and at the double value of so much as he should, might or ought to have bene set or taxed at by vertue of this Act: And the same double value to be levied gathered and paid of his Goods and Chatteilf, Lands and Tenementf towards the said Subsidies, and further to be punished according to the discretion of the Barons, Justices and Cdmissioners, before whome he shalbe convicted for his offence and deceit in that behalfe.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That the said Cdmissioners in every Comission, which shalbe or inhabhe in any Countie or Place within the lymittf of their Comission, or the more part of them, shall have full power and authoritie by this Act to set taxe and sesse every other Comissioner joyned with them in every such Comission, and the said Comissioners within their Division shall also assesse every Assessor within their Division, for his or their goods lands and other the pmisses as is abovesaid, by which [ said1 ] Comission the said Comissioners, to whome it shall appertaine, shall indifferentlie set taxe and sesse themselves and the said Assessors, and that aswell the somes uppon every of the said Cdmissioners and Assessors so sessed rated and taxed as the sumes made and pfeented by the Presenters, as is abovesaid, shalbe written certified, set and estreated, and the Estreatf thereof to be made with other the inhabitantf of that part, and within the lymittf of the same Comission and Division, so to be gathered and levied, in like manner as it ought or should have bene, if the said Comissioners had not bene in the said Comission, And that all psons of the estate of a Baron or Baronesse, and every estate above shalbe charged with their freehold and value as is aforesaid by the Chauncellor or the Lord Keeper of the great Seale of England, the High Treasurer of England for the tyme being or one of them, together with other such psons as by the Kings Majesties authoritie or comaundement shalbe named and appointed, and they to be charged for the said severall paymentf of the said Subsidies after the forme of the said Graunt according to the taxacion aforesaid and the some of and uppon them to be taxed and set with the names of the Collectors appointed for gathering and paying of the same, to be estreated delivered and certified at dayes and places above specified by the Lord Chauncellor or Keep of the great Seale, and Lord Tresurer, or one of them, together with other such psons, as thereunto shalbe named, as is aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That after the taxes and assesses of the said somes uppon and by the said assessing and certificate as is aforesaid made, the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed, and have authoritie by the Kings Majesties Comission, shall with all speed, and without delay by their writing estreate the said taxes thereof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the said Comissioners, or as many of them as shalbe appointed at the least, and the same shall deliver unto sufficient and substanciall Inhabitantf, Constables, Subconstables, Baylifff, and other Officers joyntiie of Hundreds, Townes, Parishes, and other Places aforesaid within their lymittf, and to other sufficient psons, Inhabitantf of the same, onelie by the [discretions *] of the said Comissioners, with the assent of the high Collector, and as the place and parties shall require, aswell the particuler names & surnames, as the remembrance of all [somes3] taxed and sett of and uppon every pson, aswell man as woman chargeable to this Acte, Housholders and all other Inhabitantf and Dwellers within the said Parishes, Townes and Places contributorie to this Act of Subsidies, by authoritie of which writing and eflreat so delivered, the said Officers and other psons so named and deputed, severally shall have full power and authoritie by vertue of this Act, imediatelie after the delivery of the said writing or estreat, to demaund levie and gather of every pson therein specified the sume and sfimes in the same writing or estreat comprised, and for non payment thereof, to distreine the same pson or psons so being behinde, by their goods and chatteilf, and the distresse so taken to keepe by the space of eight daies, at the costs and charges of the owner thereof, And if the said owner do not pay such some of money as shalbe taxed by authoritie of this Act within the same eight daies, then the same distresse to be appraised by foure or three or two of the inhabitantf where such distresse is taken, and also then to be sold by the Constable or other Collector for the payment of the said money, and the overplus coming of the sale and keeping thereof (if any be) to be imediatelie restored to the owner of the same distresse, Which said Officers and other psons so deputed to aske, take, gather and levie the said s5mes, shall aunswere and be charged for the portion onelie

* O- omits. 9 discrefi&n 0. > sdmes of Money 0.

Remedy in retpeft of Double Chvge*

XV.

Proviso for Persons having two Mansions, or being Houshold Servants or Waiting Servants to the King or others. Persons unduly escaping Taxation,

on Proof thereof before Commissioners or Barons of the Exchequer,

taxed at Double Value.

XVI.

The Power of Commissioners to tax other Commissioners, and also Assessors.

Barons and Persons of higher Estate taxed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, and other Persons named by the King.

Rate estreated and certified.

XVII.

Rates estreated under the Sign Manual and Seal of the Commissioners, and E ft rcat delivered to sufficient Inhabitants, &c. of Hundreds, &c.

By virtue of Estreat Officers, &c. to levy Rate.

Distress.

If Rate not paid in Eight Days tlion Distress appraised and fold.

Officers, kc. to answer for the Portion limited to them, only.

1° Car. I. c. 6.

A.D. 1625.

Allowance to Officers on Rate recovered.

XVIII. Commissioners may appoint Collectors

to be High Collectors.

Commissioners to deliver Estreats under their Seals and Sign Manual to Collectors.

Collectors to answer the Sums comprized in Estreat.

XIX. Commissioners to take Recognizances of Collectors.

Condition of Recognizance for fim Subsidy.

Condition of Recognizance for Second Subsidy.

Commissioners to certify Recognizances, he. Into the Exchequer.

Penalty j£io.

Collector not making Recognizance. Penalty £aol.

Exchequer to cancel Recognizances on Payment of Colleaion into Exchequer without Fee.

Collector may appoint Days and Places for Payment

of Collection.

Assessor, &c. not paying Collection to High Collectors,

after Allowance of ad. in the Pound for Collection,

to them assigned and lymitted to be gathered levied and comprised in the said writing or estreat, so to them as aforesaid, delivered to the use of our Soveraigne Lord the King? Majestie, and his Heires and Successors, and the said some in that writing or Estreat to be comprised to pay unto the high Collector or Collectors of that place for the colleccion of the same, in manner and forme underwritten, thereunto to be named and deputed, and the same Inhabitant? and Officers, so gathering the same particular somes for their colleccion thereof, shall retaine for every twentie shilling? so by them received and paid, two pence, And that to be allowed at the payment of their colleccion by them to be made, to the high Collector or Collectors.

And further be it enacted by the said Authoritie, that the said Comissioners, or the more part of them, as shall take uppon (1) the execucion and busines of the said C5mission, shall for every of the said payment? of the said Subsidies name such sufficient and able psons, which then shall have and possesse land? and other Hereditament? in thdr owne right of the cleare yearelie value of sortie pound?, or goodes to the value of foure hundred pound?, at the least, as he shalbe taxed in the Subsidie Booke, if any such be in the said lymitt?, and for want of such so

assessed, then those to be appointed Collectors that then shalbe sufficient, and rated and taxed in the Subsidie

Bookes in land? and good? neerest to the values aforesaid, as by their discretions shalbe thought good in Shires, Riding?, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Cities, Townes, corporate, and other whatsoever places, as well within places priviledged, as without, not being foreprised within this Act, to be high Collectors, and to have the colleccion and receipt of the said somes set and leviable within the p>dnd lymitt? and bound?, where they shalbe so lymitted and appointed to be high Collectors, And to every of the said Collectors so severally named, the said Comissioners or two of them at the least, with all speed and without delay, after the said whole some of any payment of the said Subsidies be set by all the lymitt? of the same their Comission, or in such lymitt? as the high Collectors shalbe* so severallie assigned, shall under their Seales and Signe manuall, deliver one estreate indented in Parchment comprising in it the names of all such psons as were assigned to levie the said particuler somes, and the sdmes of every Hundred, Wapentake, Towne, or other place aforesaid, with the names and surnames of the p6ons so chargeable according to the Estreat so thereof first made, and delivered as is aforesaid. And the Collectors to be assigned, shalbe charged to aunswere the whole some comprised in the said Estreat lymitted to his colleccion, as is aforesaid.

Provided alwaies, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that the said Comissioners having authoritie by

this Act to name and nominate the same high Collectors of every of the said Subsidies, shall ymediatelie uppon

their nominacion and eleccion, take by authoritie of this psent Parliament, sufficient Recognizances or Obligations, without any Fee or reward to be paid therefore, of every pson so by them to be named to be high Collectors, to be bound to the King? Majestie in the double some of the some of his colleccion, and to be indorsed and made uppon such condition, that is to saie, for the colleccion of the payment of the said first Subsidie: That if the said Collector his Heires or Executors doe trulie content and pay to the use of the King? Majestie, his Heires or Successors in the receipt of the said Exchequer, at or before the last day of October, next ensuing, so much of the said s5me of mony allotted and appointed to his collection, as hee shall collect and gather, and content and pay the residue of his colleccion and charge within one moneth next after such tyme, as hee hath collected and gathered the same residue, that then the saide Recognizances or Obligadons to be void, or els to stand in full strength and vertue. And for the collecdon of the said second Subsidie, uppon condicion. That if the said Collector his heires or executors doe trulie content and pay to the use of the King? Majestie his Heires or Successors in his receipt of Exchequer, at or before the said last day of Aprill which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God, one thousand six hundred twentie and sixe, so much of the said some of mony allotted and appointed to his collecdon, as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the residue of his colleccion & charge within one moneth next after such tyme, as he hath collected and gathered the same residue, that then the said Recognizances or Obligadons to be void, or els to stand in full force and vertue: Which said severall Recognizances or Obligations so taken, the said Comissioners shall severallie cerdfie and deliver into the King? Majesties Exchequer with the severall Certificates of the said Taxations and Rates of the payment of the said Subsidies, at and by the tyme to them pWibed and appointed by this Act, for the certificate of the said severall Taxations of the said Subsidies, uppon paine of forfeiture of ten pound? to the King? Majestie for every such Recognizance or Obligation not so certified, And that every such Collector so elected named and chosen uppon request to him made, shall knowledge and make the said Recognizance or Obligation, uppon paine and forfeiture of twentie pound? to the King? Majestie for the refusall thereof; And that the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme being uppon payment of the said severall collections

of the Subsidies at the daies and tymes herein lymitted for the payment thereof shall cancell and deliver the

Recognizances or Obligations for the payment thereof to the Collector or Collectors without any other warrant, and without any fee or reward to be paid for the same to any pson. And every Collector so deputed, having the

said Estreat in parchment as is aforesaid, shall have authoritie by this Act to appoint daies and places within the

circuit of his collection, for the payment of the said Subsidies to him to be made and thereof to give warning by pclamacion or otherwise, to all the Constables or other psons or inhabitant?, having the charge of the particular colleccion within the Hundred?, Parishes, Townes, or other places by him or them lymited, to make payment for the said particuler colleccion of every sume as to them shall appertayne. And if at the same day and place so lymitted and pfixed by the said high Collector, the said Constable Officers, or other psons or inhabitant? as is aforesaid, for the said particuler colleccion assigned and appointed within such Hundred Citie Towne or other place do not pay unto the said high Collectors, the some within their severall Hundred?, Townes, Parishes, and other places due and comprised in the said Estreat thereof, to them delivered by the said Comissioners or some of them as is aforesaid, or so much thereof as they have by any meanes received two pence for every pound for the said particuler collection as is aforesaid, alwaies thereof to be allowed, excepted, and abated, that then it shalbe lawfull

* them O.

1° Car. I. c. 6.

IT

to the and high collectors and every of them and to their assignes to distraine every of the said Constables Officers and other inhabitantf for their said several 1 and particuler colleccion of the said somes comprised in the said Estreat and writing thereof to them and every of them as is before expressed, delivered or for so much of the same some, as so then shall happen to be gathered and levied, and behinde and unpaid, by the goods and chattellf of every of them so being behinde, and the distresse so taken, to be kept and appraised and sold as is aforesaid, and thereof to take and levie the somes so then being behinde and unpaid, and the overplus coming of the sale of the said distresse (if any be) to be restored and delivered unto the owner in forme above remembred.

Psovided alwaies, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That no pson or psons shalbe nominated or appointed to be a high Collector or Collectors for the second Subsidie, graunted by this Acte, which before that tyme hath bene a Collector or Collectors for the first Subsidie, unlesse such pson or psons so to be nominated and appointed high Collector or Collectors for the said second Subsidie, doe first shew forth before him pr them by whotne he shalbe nominated and appointed, his Quietus est for his discharge of his colleccion before appointed to his charge, uppon paine of one hundred pounds to be paid and forfeited by him or them that so shall nominate and appoint any such Collector contrary to this p*sent A&.

Provided alwaies that no pson inhabiting in any City Borough or Towne corporate, shalbe compelled to be any Assessor or Collector, of or for any part of the said Subsidies, in any place or places out of the said City, Borough or Towne corporate, where he dwelleth.

And it is also by the said authoritie enacted, That if any Inhabitantf or Officers, or whatsoever pson or psons charged to and for the colleccion and receipt of any part or porcion of the said Subsidies by any manner of meanes according to this Act, or any pson or psons for themselves, or as Keep, Guardian, Deputie, Factor or Attorny, of or for anie other pson or psons for any goods or chattellf of the owner thereof, at the tyme of the said assessing to be paid being out of this Realme, or in any other parts not knowen, or of and for the goods and chattellf of any other pson or psons of ally corporacion, Fratemitie, Misteric or other whatsoever Comonaltie, being corporate or not corporate, and all psons having in their rule, governance and custodie any goods or Chattellf at the tyme of the said assessing, or any of then* to be made, or which for anie cause, for and by colleccion, or for himselfe, or for any other, or by reason that he hath the rule, governance, or custodie of any goods or chattellf of any other pson or psons, Corporacion, Comonaltie, Fratemitie, Guild or Misterie, or any such other like, or as Factor, Deputie or attorney of or for any pson, shalbe taxed valued rated and sett to any some and somes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxacion and assessing uppon any such pson or psons, as shalbe charged with the receipt of the same, happen to die or depart from the place where he was so taxed and set, or his goods or chattellf to be so clouted, or in such privie or covert manner kept, as the said pson or psons charged with the same by Estreat f or other writings from the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the said Comission as is aforesaid, can, ne may levie the same some and sdmes comprised within the same Estreatf, by distresse within the Lymittf of their colleccion, as is aforesaid, or cannott sell such distresse or distresses as be taken for any of the said paymentf before the tyme lymited to the high Collector for his payment to be made in the Kings Majesties Receipt, then uppon relacion thereof, with due examinacion by the oath or examinacion of such pson or psons as shalbe charged with and for the receipt and colleccion of the same before the said Comissioners, or as many of them, as by the said Comission shalbe thereunto appointed, where such pson or psons, or other, as is aforesaid, their Goods and Chattellf were set and taxed, and uppon plaine Certificate thereof made into the Kings Majesties Exchequer by the same Comissioners, aswell of the dwelling place names and somes of the said psons of whotne the same somes cannott be levied and had as is aforesaid : Then as well the Constable and oilier Inhabitants appointed for the same particuler colleccion against the high Collectors, as the high Collector uppon his account and Oath in the said Exchequer, to be discharged thereof, and pccsse to be made for the Kings Majestic out of the same Exchequer by the discrecion of the Barons of the same Exchequer against such pson his lieires or Executors so being behinde with his payment. And over that the same Comissioners, to whome any such declaracion of the (Pmi»es shalbe made in forme aforesaid from tyme to tyme, shall have full power and authoritie to direct their pcept or |Vceptf to the said pson or psons charged with any some, of for and uppon any such pson and psons or other as is aforesaid, or to any Sheriffe, Steward, Bailiffe or other whatsoever Officer Minister, pson or psons of such place or places, where any such pson or psons so owing any such some or somes shall have Lands and Tenementf and other Hereditamentf or reall possessions, goods and chattellf, whereby any such pson or psons so indebted, his Heires Executors or Assignes, or other having the Custodie governance or disposicion of any goods or chattellf, lands tenementf or other Hereditamentf which ought or may by this Act be lawfully distreyned or taken for the same hath and shall have goods chattellf landes tenementf or other possessions, whereof such some and somes, which by any such pson or psons may or ought to be levied, be it within the lymittf of such Comission, where such pson or psons was or were taxed or without in any place within this Realme of England, Wales, or other the Kings Majesties Dominions Marches or Territories, by which pcept, aswell such pson or psons shalbe charged to levie such monie, as the Officer of the place or places where such distresse may be taken, shall have full power and authoritie to distreyne every such pson indebted, charged or chargeable by this Act, or his Executors or Administrators of his Goodes and Chattellf, his Guardians, Factors, Deputies, Leassees, Farmors, and Assignes, and all other psons, by whose hands, or out of whose lands any such pson should have Fee, Rent, Anuitie, or other proffitt, or which at the tyme of the said assessing shall have goods or chattells, or any other thing moveable of any such pson or psons being indebted or owing such stime, and the distresses so taken, cause to be kept appraised and sold in like manner and forme, as is aforesaid, for the distresse to be taken uppon such psons to be taxed to the said Subsidies, and being sufficient to distreyne within the lymittf of the Collectors, Inhabitantf or other officers charged with or for the said gomes so uppon them to be taxed* And if any such distresse for non payment happen to be taken out of the I/mitt

Distress.

Proceedings

thereon.

XX.

Persons having been Collector* of First Subsidy not to he appointed Collectors of Second Subsidy, unless they shew Quietus cst.

Penalty .€ 100.

XXI. Persons living in Cities,&c. not to be appointed Collectors or Assessors out of them.

XXII.

Assessors,

Attorniei,

Factors, &c. after being charged with Receipt of Assessment, dying or removing or concealing their Goods,

or when Monies comprised in Estreat cannot be levied by Di tress }

or where Distrr-s cannot be ,oM

Process out of the Exchequer, and the Commissioners may direct Precepts to Officer to levy such Money.

Who may distrain.

Distress appraised and sold.

If Distress taken out of Limit assigned, Allowance.

18

1° Car. I. c. 6.

A.D. 1625.

Persons charged discharged by Distress.

Persons distrained having no Lands, &c.

Proceedings.

Imprisonment until Sums due, and also Fee for Arrest paid.

Officer not executing Process. Penalty acs. Gaoler suffering Escape,

Penalty 40s. and Double Value of Rate and Fees. Like Process for Subsidies due by any Person charged for another unpaid.

In Default of

Payment

Imprisonment.

Certificate by Commissioners.

Collectors, See.

disobeying

Commissioners.

Persons suspected to be not indifferently taxed refusing to appear or be examined.

Penalty 40s. or under, at Discretion of Commissioners. Commissioners may punish by Imprisonment.

XXIII. Allowance to High Collectors and their Accountants.

of the said psons charged and assigned to levie the said psons so charged for the levying of any such somes by distresse, shall pceive and take of the same distresse, for the labour of every pson going for the execucion thereof, for every mile that every pson so laboureth for the same, two pence. And every Farmor, Guardian, Tenant, Factor, or other whatsoever pson being distreyned, or other pson charged for [the1 ] payment of any such some or somes or any other some by reason of this AS, shalbe of such some or somes of him or them so levied and taken, discharged and acquited at his next day of payment for the Same, or at the delivery of such Goods and Chattellf as he that is so distreyned, had in his custodie or governance against him or them that shalbe so taxed & set. Any Graunt or Writing obligatorie, or other whatsoever matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstanding. And if any such pson that should so be distreyned have no Land? or Tenement? sufficient, whereby he and his Ten&ntf and Farmors may be distreyned, or have aliened eloyned, or hid his Goods and Chattellf whereby he should or might be distreyned, in such manner that such goods or chattellf should not be knowen or found, so that the some of or by him to be paid in the said forme, shall not, ne can be convenience levied, then uppon relacion thereof to the Comissioners, or to as many of them as by the said Comission shalbe thereunto appointed where such pson or psons was taxed and sett by the oathes of him or them that shalbe charged with the levying and payment of that some or somes, the same Comissioners shall make a pcept in such manner as is aforesaid, for to attach take and arrest the body of such pson or psons, that ought to pay the said somes, and by this Act shalbe charged with and for the said some and somes, and them so taken safelie to keepe in prison within the Shire or other place where any such pson or psons shalbe taken and attached, there to remaine without bade or Mainsprise untill he hath paid the said some or sdmes, that such pson for himselfe or for any other by this AS shalbe chargeable, or ought to be charged withall, and also for the Fees of every such Arrest, to him or them that shall execute such pcept, twentie pence; And that every Officer, unto whome such pcept shalbe direSed doe his true diligence and execute the same uppon every pson so being indebted, upon paine to forfeite to the Kings Majesde for every default in that behalfe, twentie shillingf. And that no keep of any Gaole, from his Gaole suffer any such pson to goe at large, by letting to Bade, or otherwise to depart out of his prison before he have paid his said debt, and the said twentie pence for his Arrest, upon paine to forfeit to the Kings Majestie sortie shillingf: And the same Gaoler to pay to the Kings Majestie the double value as well of the rate, which the said pson so imprisoned was taxed at, as of the said twentie pence for the fees. And like pcesse and remedie in like forme shalbe graunted by the said C5missioners or as many of them as by the said Comission shalbe thereunto appointed at like Informacion of every pson or psons being charged with any some of mony for any other pson or psons by reason of the said Subsidies, and not thereof paid, but willfully withdrawen, nor the same leviable within the lymittf where such psons were thereunto taxed. And if the s5me or somes being behind unpaid by any pson or psons as is aforesaid, be levied and gathered by force of the said pcesse to be made by the said Comissioners, or if in default or for lacke of payment thereof, the pson or psons so owing the said some and somes of mony, by pcesse of the same Comissioners to be made, as is aforesaid, be comitled to prison in forme abovesaid, that then the said Comissioners, which shall award such pees shall make Certificate thereof in the said Exchequer of that shalbe done in the pmisses in the Terroe next following after such some or somes of mony, so being behinde shalbe levied and gathered, or such pson or psons for non payment of the same, c5mitted to prison. And if it happen any of the said Collectors to be assigned, or any Maiors, Sheriff?, Steward?, Constables, the Headborough, Bursholder, Bayliffe or any other Officer or Minister, or other whatsoever pson or psons to disobey the said Comissioners, or any of them in the reasonable request to them made by the said Comissioners for the execucion of the said C5mission, or if any of the Officers, or other psons doe refuse that to them shall appertaine and belong to doe by reason of anie pcept to him or them to be directed, or any reasonable comaundement instance or request touching the pmisses or other default in any appearance or colleccion to make, or if any pson being suspected not to be indifferentlie taxed, as is aforesaid, doe refuse to be examined according to the tenor of this Act before the said Comissioners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto assigned, as is aforesaid, or will not appeare before the said Comissioners upon warning to him made, or else make resistance or rescues upon any distresse, upon him to be taken for anie parcell of the said Subsidies, or committ any misbehavior in any manner of wise contrarie to this Act or c5mitt any willfull omission, or other whatsoever willfull doing or misdoing contrary to the tenor of this Act or Graunte; The same Comissioners, and every nomber of them above remembred or two of them at the least uppon probable knowledge of any such misdemeanors had by Informacion or Examinacion, shall and may sett upon every such offendor for every such offence in the name of a Fyne by the same offendor to be forfeited, sortie shillingf or under, by discrecion of the same Comissioners. And further the said Comissioners and every nomber of them or two of them at the least, shall have authoritie by this f?sent Act, to punish every such offender by imprisonment, there to remaine and to be delivered by their discrecion, as shall seeme to them convenient, the said Fynes (if any such be) to be certified by the said Comissioners that so assessed the same into the Kings Majesties Exchequer there to be levied and paid by the Collectors of that part for the said Subsidies retomed into the said Exchequer to be therewith charged with the payment of the said Subsidies in such manner as if the said Fines had bene sett and taxed uppon the said offenders for the said Subsidies.

And be it also enacted by the said authoritie of this psent Parliament That every of the said high Collectors* which shall account for any part of the said Subsidies in the said Exchequer uppon their severall account? to be yeilded, shalbe allowed at every of the said payment? of the said Subsidies for every pound lymited to his colleccion, whereof any such Collector shalbe charged and yeild account, sixe pence as parcell of their charge, that is to saie, of every pound thereof for such psons as then have had the particuler colleccion of the Townes and other places as is aforesaid specified in his colleccion, two pence and other two pence of every pound thereof, every of the said cheife Collectors, or their Accomptantf to retaine to their owne use, for their labour and charge in and about the

1° Car. I. c. 6.

19

fimmei% and two pence of everie pound residue, to be delivered allowed and paid by the said Collector so bang thereof allowed, to such of the Comissioners, as shall take uppon them the busines and labour for and about the Pmisees, that is to saie, Every Collector to pay that Comissioner or Comissioners, which had the ordering of the writings of and for every of the said Subsidies, where the said Collector or Collectors had their collecdon, for the ezpences for the said Comissioners, so taking uppon' them the said businesse, and labour of their Clarkes writing the said Pceptf and Exfctf of the said Collections, the said last two pence of every pound to be devided amongest the said Comissioners, having regard to their labour and busines taken by them and their said Clarkes in and about the pmisses, for which part, so to the said Comissioners appertayning, the said Cdmissioners six, five, foure, three, or two, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Kinges Majesties Cdmission, and every of them joyntbe and several lie for his and their said part, may have his remedie against the Collector or Collectors, which thereof byn or might have bin allowed by accion of debt, in which the Defendant shall not wage his Lawe, neither Protecoan, neither Injunccion or Essoine shalbe allowed.

And that no peon, now being of the nomber of this p>sent Parliament, nor any Comissioner shalbe named or a»gned to be any Collector or Subcolle&or or Presenter of the said Subsidies, or any part thereof, nor any Comissioners shalbe compelled to make any psentment or Certificate, other then [into1] the Kings Majesties said Exchequer, of for or concerning the said Subsidies, or any part or parcell thereof. And likewise that no other peon that shalbe named and assigned to be Comissioners in any place to and for the execucion of this Alt of Subsidies, be or shalbe assigned or named head Collector of any of the Paymentf of the said Subsidies [neithera] of any part thereof.

Amd that every such pson or pson which shalbe named and appointed as is aforesaid to be head Collectors of and for the payment of the said first Subsidie, or of any part thereof, shall not be compelled to be Collector for the payment of the said second Subsidie nor any part thereof. And the said Collectors which shalbe assigned for the collecdon of the said two Subsidies, or of any part thereof and every of them, be and shalbe acquited and discharged of all manner Fees and Rewardf and of every other charge in the Kings Majesties Exchequer, or elswhere, of them, or any of them by reason of that collecdon payment or accompt, or any thing con?ning the same to be asked. And that if any pson reedve or take any Fees, Rewardf or pleasures of any such Accomptantf, or use any unnecessary delay in thdr accompt, that then he shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every penny or value of every pennyworth so taken, five shillingf, and five pounds to the partie greived for every such delay, and suffer imprisonment at the Kinges Majesties pleasure. And after every taxing and assessing of the said severall Subsidies (as is aforesaid) had or made, and the said ext'&f thereof in Parchment, unto the Collector in manner and forme before rehearsed, delivered, The said Comissioners, which shall take uppon them the execucion of this Acte within the limittf of their Comission by their agreementf, shall have meetingf together. At which meeting every of the said Comissioners, which then shall have taken uppon them the execudon of any part of the said Comission, shall by himselfe or his sufficient Depude truiie certifie and bring forth unto the said Chmissioners named in the said Comission, the Certificate and Presentment made before him and such other Comissioners as were lymitted with him in one limitt, so as the same certificate may be accompted and cast with the other Certificates of the other limittf within the same Comisson, and then the said Comissioners and every nomber of them, unto two at the least, as is aforesaid, if any be in life, or their Executors or Administrators of their goods, if they then be dead, shall joyntlie and severallie as they were divided within their lymittf under their seales, by thdr discrecion make one or severall writings indented, contayning in itt aswell the names of the said Collectors by the Comissioners for such colleccions and accounts in the Exchequer and paymentf in the said receipt, deputed and assigned, as the grosse and severall somes written unto every such Collectors to receive the said Subsidies, and also all Fynes, Amerciamentf, and other Forfeitures, if any such by reason of this Acte, happen to be within the limitt and p*cin& of their Comission, to be certified into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer by the said Comissioners. In which writing or writings indented so to be certified, shalbe plainelie declared and expressed the whole and entire some or sbmes of the said Subsidies severally lymited to the collecdon of the said Collectors, severally deputed and assigned to the said somes, Soe as none of the said Collectors, so certified in the said Exchequer, shalbe compelled there to account, or to be charged, but onelie to and for the somes lymitted to his collecdon, and not to or for any some lymited to the collecdon of his fellowes: But every of them shalbe severallie charged for their part lymited to their Colleccion.

And if the said Comissioners joyned in one Comission amongest themselves in that matter cannott agree, or if any of them be not ready, or refuse to make certificate with other of the same Comissioners, that then the said Comissioners may make severall Indentures [in forme3] aforesaid, of their sev^all lymittf or separacions of Collectors within the limittf of their Cdmission, uppon and in the Hundreds, Wards, Wapentakes, Rapes, or such other like divisions, within the said severall lymittf of thdr Comission, as the places there shall require to be severed and divided, and as to the same Comissioners shall seeme good to make divisions or other lymittf or Colleccions, for the severall charges of the same Collectors, so that alway one Collector shalbe charged, and account for his part to him to be lymitted onely by himselfe, and not for any some lymitted to the part of any of his fellowes: And the charges of every of the collectors to be set and certified severally uppon them. And every such Collector uppon his account and payment of the s5me of monie lymited within [his4] collcccion to be severallie by himselfe acquited and discharged in the said Exchequer without paying any manner Fees or Rewardf to any pson or psons for the same, upon paine and Penaltie last abovesaid, and not to be charged for any porcion of any other Collector. And if any Comissioner after he hath taken certificate of them, that, as is aforesaid, shalbe before any Comissioners exiled and the somes rated and set, and the bookes and writings thereof being in his hands, or if any Collector or other pson charged with anie receipt of anie part of the said Subsidies, or any other pson taxed or otherwise by this Act charged with or for any parcell of the said Subsidies, or with any other some .Fine Aniciament Penaltie,

Allowance to be paid by Collectors to Commiuionera for Expence* and Labour* of their Clerk*.

Remedy for the same for Commissioners against Collectors.

XXIV. Commissioners, See. not compellable to make Presentment* other than to Exchequer.

XXV.

Head Collectors for First Subsidy not compellable to be Collectors of Second Subsidy.

Taking Fees of Accountants.

Penalty.

Imprisonment.

Commissioners at Meetings to shew Certificates and Presentments to the other Commissioners.

Indenture of Collectors Names and of Sums written to Collectors,

Fines, &c. to be certified by Commissioners into the Exchequer.

Collectors answerable for their own Collection only.

XXVI. Commissioners, if they cannot agree, &c. may make several Indentures.

Collectors not chargeable for other Collectors.

Commissioners or Collectors or Persons taxed, dying before discharged. Heir* and Executors changeable as such Persons would have been if alive.

1° Car. I. c. 6.

A.D. 1625.

XXVII.

Commiwioners not thinking fit to join in one Certificate. Proceedings.

Commissioners making Default of Certificate, Process out of Exchequer against, them.

XXVIII. Proviso for Stamford Baron.

XXIX. Persons having Spiritual and Temporal Possessions, and also Personal Property, not to be doubly charged.

XXX. Exception for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey and Guernsey.

XXXI. Exception for English Inhabitants of fienvick-upon-Tweed.

Or other Forfeiture, happen to die before the Comissioners Collector or other whatsoever pson or psons have executed, accomplished satisfied, or sufficientlie discharged that, to which every such pson shall appertaine or belong to doe according to this Act, Then the Executors and Heires of every such pson, and all other seized of any Lands and Tenementf that any such pson being charged by this Act and deceasing before he be discharged thereof, or

any other to his use onelie, had of an Estate of Inheritance at the tyme that any such pson was named Cdmissioner,

Collector, or otherwise charged with or for any manner of thing to be done satisfied or paid by reason of this Act. And all those that have in their possession or hands any Goods, Chattellf, Leases, or other things that were to any such pson or psons at the time of his death, or any Lands or Tenementf that were the same psons at the time that he was, as is aforesaid, charged by this Act shalbe by the same compelled and charged to doe, and accomplish

in every case, as the same pson so being charged should have done, or might have byn compelled to doe, if he

had bene in plaine life, after such rate of the Lands and Goods of the said C5missioner or Collector, as the partie shall have in his Hands.

And if the said Comissioners for causes reasonable them moving, shall fhinke it not fitt to joyne in ohe Certificate, as is aforesaid, then the said pson or psons, that shall first joyne together, or hee that shall first certifie the said writing indented as is aforesaid, shall certifie all the names of the C5missioners of that Comission, whereuppon such writing shalbe there then to be certified, with division of the Hundreds, Wapentakes, Wards, Tythingf, and other places, to and among such Comissioners of the same Comission, with the names of the said Comissioners, where such Separacions and Divisions shalbe, with the grosse somes of mony, aswell of and for the said Subsidies taxed or set, of or within the said Hundreds, Wards, Wapentakes, or other places to him or them divided or assigned, that shall so certifie the said first Writings, as of the Fines, Amerciamentf, Penalties and other Forfeitures, if any happen to be within the same Limittf, whereof the same writings shalbe certified : And after such writings indented, which, as is aforesaid, shalbe certified, and not contayne in it the whole and full somes set and taxed within the Limits of the same Comission, the other Comissioners of the same, before the day of payment of the said Subsidie, shall certifie into the said Exchequer, by their writing or writings indented to be made, as is aforesaid, the grosse and severall somes, set and taxed within the places to them limited, for every of the said Subsidies, and other fines, aiSciamentf, penalties and forfeiture, with the names of the [Hundreds,'] Wards, Wapentakes, and other Places to them assigned, or else by their said writings indented, to certifie at the same place, before the same day of payment, such reasonable causes for their excuses, why they may not make such certificate of and for the said Subsidies Fines Amerciamentf and other forfeitures growing or set by reason of the causes of their lets, or of their not certifying, as is aforesaid, or else in default thereof, pcesse to be made out of the Kings Majesties said Exchequer, against the said Comissioners, and ever)' of them not making certificate, as is aforesaid, by the discrecion of the Tresurer and Barons of the said Exchequer.

Provided ahvaies, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That the inhabitantf of the Parishe of Saint Martine called Stamford Baron in the Suburbs of the Borough and Towne of Stamford, in the South part [of1J the waters there, called Wellandf, which hereafter shalbe contributory to the payment of these psent Subsidies, graunted to the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors, shalbe assessed, rated, and taxed for the same, by such Comissioners, which shalbe appointed for the taxing, rating, and sessing of the same Subsidies within the Countie of Lincolne, and shalbe for the same contributorie, and pay the said Subsidies, to the Collector or Collectors, which shalbe assigned and appointed for the levying and gathering of the same, with the Aldermen and Burgesses of the same Borough and Towne of Stamford.

Provided alwaies, and be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all and every pson and psons having Manners Lands Tenementf, and other Hereditamentf chargeable to the payment of the said Subsidies graunted to the Kings Majestie by this Acte, and also having Spirituall possessions chargeable to his said Majestie by anie graunt made or to be made by the Clergie of this Realme in their C.onvocacion, and over this, having substance in goods and chattellf chargeable by this said Acte, that then, if any of the said pson or psons be hereafter charged, assessed and taxed for the said Mannors Lands and Tenementf, and Spirituall possessions, and also charged assessed and taxed for his and their goods and chattellf, that then he or they shalbe onelie charged by vertue of this Act for his and their said Mannors Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and Spirituall possessions, or onelie for his said goods and chattellf, the best thereof to be taken for the Kings Majestie, and not to be charged for both, or double charged for any of them; Any thing in this Act conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies, that this graunte of Subsidies, or any thing therein conteyned, in any wise extend not to charge the Inhabitantf dwelling in Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Gamesey, or any of them, of, for or concerning any Mannors, Lands, Tenementf, or other possessions, goods, chattellf, or other moveable substance, which the said Inhabitantf or dwellers, or any others to their use have within Scotland, Ireland, Jersey and Garnesey, or in any of them, or of, for, or concerning any Fees or Wages, which any of the said Inhabitantf or dwellers have of the Kings Majestie for their attendance and doing service to our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie in Scotland, Ireland, Jersey and Gamesey, or in any of them. Any thing in this p>sent Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also. That this psent Act of Subsidies, ne any thing therein conteyned, extend to any of the English Inhabitantf or resiantf in the Towne of Berwicke, for or concerning any Mannors, Lands, Tenementf, or other possessions, goodes, chattellf, or other moveable substance, which the same English Inhabitantf or dwellers, or any other to their use, have within the said Towne of Berwick, or for or concerning any Fees or wages, which any of the English inhabitantf or dwellers have of the Kings Majestie for their attendance or doing service to the Kings Majestie, for, or, within the said Towne, but that the English inhabitantf and resiantf, and every of them shalbe

A.D. 1625.

1° Car. I. c.6,7.

21

of and from the said Subsidies, and every parcel 1 thereof, onelie for their said Mannors, Lands, Tenementf, Fees, Wages, Goods, and Chattellf, lying and being in the said Towne of Berwicke, utterlie acquitted and discharged, Any thing in this psent Act before rehearsed to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, that all ires Patentf graunted by the Kings Majestie, or any of his most noble Progenitors, to any Cities Boroughes, or Townes within this Real me, of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or exempcions from the burthen and charge of any such grauntf of Subsidies which be at this psent tyme in force and availeable, shall rename good and effectuall to the said Cities Boroughes and Townes hereafter according to the purportf thereof, although the Inhabitantf of the same, and also the said Corporations shall uppon the great and weigh tie considerations of the Graunte aforesaid, be for this Graunt charged and contributorie in like manner forme and sort, as ocher Cities, Boroughes, and Townes, which be not in any wise priviledged, but by this Act charged.

Provided alwaies, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That no Orphan or Infant within the age of one and twende yeares borne within any of the Kings Majesties Dominions, shalbe charged to any payment of these Subsidies for his or their Goods and chattellf to him or her left or bequeathed. Any thing in this Act contayned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also that this Act, nor any thing therein contayned, shall extend to the lands or goods of any Colledge, Hall or Hostell, within the UniPsiries of Oxford and Cambridge, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Winton founded by Bishopp Wickham, or to the goods or lands of the Colledge of Eaton next Windsor, or to the Lands, Tenementf, or revenues onelie assigned and appointed for the sustentacion and living of the poore Knightf founded in the Castle or Colledge of Windsor by our late Soveraigne Lord King Henry the eight, or to any the Goods or Chattellf of the same Knightf or any of them, or to the Goods or lands of any c5mon free Grammar Schoole within the Realme of England or Wales, or to the goods of any Reader Schoolemaster or Scholler, or any Graduate or Resiant, or remayning for studie without fraude or covin within any the said UniQsities and Colledges or townes of Oxford and Cambridge, or Suburbes of the same, or to any of them, or to any their servantf attending dailie uppon any of them, nor to the goods of any Officer Minister Aimes men or servantf belonging to any of the said Uni\?sities, Colledges Halls, or Hostellf, and dwelling and resiant within the said UnivWties, or either of them, or within either of the said Townes of Oxford and Cambridge & the Suburbes of the same without fraude or covin, or to the goods, and lands of any Hospitall, Maisondieu, or Spitde house ppared and used for the sustentacion and releife of poore people, Any thing in this Act contayned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also, and be it further enacted, that the said Grant of Subsidies or any thing therein contayned, doe not in any wise extend or be pjudiciall or hurtfull to any of the inhabitantf or resiantf having dwelt for the

most part of the yeare next before the taxing and assessing of the said Subsidies as aforesaid, within the five ports

corporate, or to anie their members incorporated, or united to the said five Ports, or to anie of the said five Ports, but that such the inhabitantf or Resiantf as aforesaid, in the said five Ports corporate, and their members, be and shalbe of and from the said Graunt and payment of every of the said Subsidies and every part thereof, and onelie during their resiance as aforesaid, and no longer, clearelie acquited and discharged, Any matter or whatsoever thing in this psent Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also that the said Grant of Subsidies doe not in any wise extend to be pjudiciall or hurtfull to the

English Inhabitantf or Resiantf at this psent tyme within the Liberties of Rumney Marsh, of or for any part of

the said somes graunted in this psent Parliament, of the said English Inhabitantf now there Resiantf, or any of them, to be taxed, set, asked, levied, or paid, but that the said English Inhabitantf, and now Resiantf of Rumney Marsh aforesaid and every of them, be and shalbe of and from, the graunt and payment of the said Subsidies during their [Resiance1] there, and no longer acquited and discharged, Any matter, and whatsoever thing in this psent Act made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if any Alien or Straunger borne, Denizen, or not Denizen, and dwelling and inhabiting within this Realme of England, shall assigne and convey over unto any his or their childe or children borne within the said Realme of England, any his or their Lands, Tenementf, Goods or Chattellf, to the intent thereby to defraud the Kings Majestie of his said Subsidies of or for the same, that then all and every such childe and children, so being seised of any such Lands and Tenementf, and possessed of any such goods or chattellf shalbe charged and chargeable to and with the payment of double the said Subsidies for the same Lands, Tenementf, Goods, and Chattellf at the said rates and values, as Aliens and Straungers, Denizens, and not Denizens are before limited and appointed to pay.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act, that this Session of Parliament shall not determyne by his Majesties Royall assent to this and some

other Actes.

THE Kinges most Excellent Majestie taking into his gracious and princelie consideracion, the many and weightie businesses, which in this psent Parliament have bene begun, most whereof yet depend unfinished. And considering the psent daunger by the increase of the Sicknesse, and the inconveniencie of the season, and other important reasons, that do necessarilie require a speedie adjournment of the Parliament at this tyme, before soe manie and great affaires can be deliberatelie, and maturelie concluded and determined: And to take away all doubt, whether

1 Resiancie 0.

XXXII.

Proviso for Patent* of Liberties, See. to Cities, &c.

Proviso for Orphan* and Infanta.

XXXIII. Proviso for Universities of Oxford and Cambridge and Winchester College and Eaton College and the poor Knights of Windsor and Free Schools and Readers. See. in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge and for Hospitals, fee.

XXXIV. Inhabitants of Cinque Ports for the most part of the Year before the Grant chargeable during Rer.iance only.

XXXV. Proviso for Inhabitants of Rumney MarJi.

XXXVI. Alien or Denizen assigning his Lands. &c. to his Child with Intent to defraud the Subsidy, such Child chargeable as an Alien.

Rot. Parl. nu. 7.

Reasons for passing this Art.

1" Car. 1. c.7.

A.D. 1635.

II.

The King's Royal Assent to this and other Acts shall not determine this Session.

111.

Matters depending to continue.

All Statutes which are to have continuance until the End of the present Session are to remain in force. Proviso if the

Sresent Session etermine by Dissolution.

Rot. Parl. hu. 8.

Rot. Parh mt. 9.

hid Majesties Royal! assent unto one or more A &f of Parliament, will not be a determinadon of this Psent Session, His Majesde is well pleased, that it may be enacted,

And be it enacted by Authoride of this Psert Parliament, That his Majesde at his good pleasure may before the Adjoumement of this Parliament, either in peon or by his Comission, or ires Paten tf as to him shall seeme good, give his Royall assent unto such, and so many Billes purporting A&f of Parliament, having by the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and CSmons passed in this Psent Parliament, as to his most Excellent Majesde shalbe found expedient. And that notwithstanding such assent to any such Bills, or to this psent A&, this Psent Session of Parliament shall not thereby determine; but the same to be adjourned, as to his Majesde shalbe found requisite, for the general! good and welfare of this Kingdome,

And that all Billes and matters whatsoever, depending in the same Parliament, not fully determined or enacted before such Adjoumement, shall remaine and contynue in the same state and plight, as they are, or shalbe the day of the said Adjoumement: And that all Statutf and A&f of Parliament, which are to have contynuance unto the end of this psent Session, shall be of full force after the said Adjoumement, untill this psent Session be folly ended and determined. And*if this Session shall determine by dissoludon of this psent Parliament, then all the A&f aforesaid, shalbe contynued untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament: And all Statutes and A&f of Parliament, which before the said Adjoumement shall passe by his Majesties Royall assent, shalbe put in execucion ymediatelie after forde daies after the said Adjoumement, notwithstanding that by the wordes or letter of the said Actf, or any of them they be lymitted to take effect or be put in execucion, from, or at any tyme after the end of this Psent Session.

An Acte for the setting and confirmacion of Coppihold Estates and Customes of the Ten*ntf in base tenure of the Mannor of Cheltenham in the Countie of Glou£f and of the Mannor of Asheley otherwise called Charleton Kings in the said Countie being holden of the said Mannor of Cheltenham, according to an agreement thereof made betweene the Kings most excellent Majestie being then Prince of Wales Duke of Comewall and of Yorke and Earle of Chester Lord of the said Mannor of Cheltenham and Giles Grevill Esquire Lord of the said Mannor of Asheley and the said Coppiholders of the said severall Mannors.

An Acte for the enabling and confirmacion of an agreement or composicion made betweene the Kings Majesties C5missioner8 of Revenue, his Majestie then being Prince of Wales Duke of Comewall and Earle of Chester on his Majesties behalfe and his Majesties Coppiholders of his Highnes Mannor of Macclesfeild in the Countie of Chester and of a Decree made in the Court of Exchequer at Chester for the pfe& creacion and confirmacion of certaine Lands and Tenementf Parcell of the said Mannor to be Coppihold and customary Lands according to the tenor of the same Decree.

uib. Oruj in Capelin Jtotulorum.

. ft: / t’f f/u

iipo^ft&o'et ipf 9e; $omo (u»t^4^(tiCttin«ntxJ cf^iiiO'iiit 0«? tOiiCiiUteuiiit 9e> <jiift£a«i. ±3«

jjot^ft^Qttiiieiito to\\gyLgQjti OepinO~mt 6 toiifiGie^mt

(f*to <20^0 (Ve^i epf U?eit9tt^ <2$2ue<yij&ciu ^etmo 9ie> tij«|tufj (f ttefSiuo 4v»i

Ottftiio 9i«y ttjftij *3 ip(oe^<*THoO*(2 (teuutncC9to<9iio (Veai co&Gitftfmt

_____./» . .n___n.... :__t\... . ' * -

ygftt ftn9 C&tyn&f of$e><&(nett^: tfe>

iliiiipSeje? t^ej^Siib hi fliR^ft^fiftmeiitr'

(^o^c? Sii^iiioffc^tefleiit.ttjftiejTie' -

Rtntt6fo ^5<S(t>iito ouy Coi9$e> 6h£ tCfc *v

ftw9 teiii^<^(t6^(bi9 ^omoiitf*hi |j>ftpftiiientr ■ft{jem6Ce9 , tt t0~

$fet(ftie8 stud eiiftetet^Gp tt^fttiite’ niftite #• ife? tpiii# of tpe> (^<G#ii«? offilial

... --- " ;7-----O-----\-----"//-----u' Tf f^;tt

ftjjCeO'^ttyoiitf' fcing^t^Ri^eJpd^ ftii9 otf e^tfe? freemen ofife? <foinoiift(W of ^iO~(¥eftliiie? ► Rii9 6p foitCjo^itieF of ^ftjCutoiieiit J)oC9en in tfe> f?6«? ftii9 *»• t&entitC} pest|^oft(j«?(£ft»£ite> of iui^ikdSfti^tfe’jfffd, iti0'9ct(itje9 tbid ' eHfttted , j^iii^ciitefoitf iio^son OfouC&pe* ooiii'petted to uittfif ftiip w«

CoftneO~ to CTii0\ ftjfbiijV^its'fei^ Gentiip* Olicf (oibieO'S^ -»

JOftion ftn9 tfe> fybitfif’ of fcf e> CHu9, &*i© of otf ey Gct8)e6'of ^i0~(t?eftuiie> it ->

1 O'*^iTi9e9, tffttiioue7 Ofonfe (>e> tf ft^e9 6p ffaip tfftjgo of impoficioii tttffed ft <^cueQ>Conte? 110^ 6p Oiuf Cife» $*[8® tfe* ^tfttiite0~(»ejc»2e? meiitioiie&

stud otfej/ #-oo9 (JweiT stud otututef of ^ioT^eftCmo? poiij/ (^lett^itGo iiifepte9 tfi'o'* fj,ee9otiie7 tffttfcfev ^du&6o tompedeS btoiit^ftito to ftiip *» tftpe» tft(V&g& ftp9e> o^2 otfep Gw tfft^oi not Oett\ Gp to mo 11 toii|eut tit -w*i w ^ft^Tvftnieiit' •

pet Iic6ejtfefejj£> of Cftfcy BiSepjToinif|?on0^vpette9 to 0mi9^ <^01111 (yZoiie^Olm-OeCe^ftCP^ ^oimtieO"@1^ ^»i[tuiitioiiO'^fft$e> tf?ie9,GpuiefttieO"^fe|Oof ^onp» peopCe/ JJIftEfejCieeu m ^Se^0'^Gfttco"ftfpiuPCe9 ftn9^ntye9toCeii9 te^rtmeF OomeO’of mo up (tnito pott^ttjfti'efheF. ftn9 mftuo of ^em /otpou \ficiy KpifGt\ Ooe? to 9oo»J?ft6e» f<fe

— . *f' - ^ t > * A -» ^a < «(yf^.. a in . c\»I3t . < " * .<« . a

To facr pop' 21 of I ’of Vit/ 'tfir Statu tr.\

f Yt/////.) /

|\Ottc> ^cftt Au9«>^<nw

iQ^oiiiitw^r of tpc ’ Gedtino, <hiU

r>ih|m(1(9 to pJteiGo ^eiu into tpeirjjoiijeef ftii9t^to<$ti|^<iH to Oolong A^Ainffc tpo CaSkTiAn© viiftomeO*opt^to^lkAGno

&i©j^cpAOmp>o &> Autpooitio of^AfCtAinent «t« |pofifep An© t£$<ntitp pt&yt> Op$o yttiguv Op0iu£\ <ty© tpotpi}©it ur©etCfcyc© An9enAtte© (zfpAt 110 mAh OTJomD? Go pgeiii©ge© of Gp? o^GhiGo A$^n(V^opo2iiio optpogjcAt <^pAftej> +*> An© tpo GwBo optpo G*n©. 3n9G^ t^oO^i©£j«At , An©otpep tpo

optpiO*no mAii on Apt to Kp A©iu9g«9 to©«*p Gut Gj> Kje* GtSeOVpAGGlpe© in tpio*ponp(^ttGii«?, tpo tnftoineO*optpo

O'Ame’^eAGno <tt Gp &tt(Op;p>A^G Anient • &i©j£}p*yttto*iio ^fpu©^ of^pAt ^ &,©o OoeGej/ to^entfJto© fpm tpe^cee©ni£(to Ge>(Vp© An©pinii$nieiit(to Qv iiipiA«9 fy tpoGfcSeO* An© ^tAtiitto*of^i<r^oM|/(^eAfnie', (|^eGt^cCsJ]e» OpGtto; 9»6fyO*^oini]ip0nO*^n9cj/£ony ttjAiejlieO' pmGV> ifpie© fojjpt

tojtAnio jjfoiiO*pAGo Geeii Afpoiio© tto9 Anointed <^nnftione^®i$p f>oe&ey -w An© Aiit^uiio to^urc© Sitpiii p)e> Caii© Atro^9m^i to tpe> ^ujHto of «)A}tiAff^ •> Gt^o AgAmjVOiitp ^ii&v^T Q^jp&ypmyTei ^pnO'ioyttin^ w

Ovtp tpciu AO*Opon(© comitt fatpuuiyigcy \twtyp fiGyttyiputint> <« otpey n>.*

©ntlAjJ*' C2iirij&enic An<«@^Atfoe9e^, An© Gp OTijp CfmnA^ tou^o An© e^8<^ AO* to*Ag^erotc An© AO*i0*0p© in AjnncO*ui ^»iic opiSrtty' to -w"

Jtee© to t^c t^A® An© toii©einitAtion opOiitp of?n©ej01 An© tpem to Miijo to 6c execute© An© ^nttto 9eAtp At«A©ingi;to tpe> fAroe? tpA^tiAfp

vV Hfeut <&iti£7 df O^llP tttfin ^biti

t^Af nn’gpt An© ^ no otpcp on^t bpttGo Gpn in©g-«9 An© execute©

8U1© aC|oo OTin©yie? gyeiCbiiO*oft*n©o20*Go toCou^ tpe^eop tUt^inut£\ An e^em^rton JpAGc? e|tA»e© $e> |)nni(^iiieufcf ©u«> to tpcin £p tp& An© $tAtafeO‘op£ptO'

4V H J

F—jr— i/ r u/ V 1/ ( <7 —■

}><»M[;(|<itfi«o, Gjp pettjdu tpAt ©iGtyO*of^ouj/ <pjfitejO* An© ttjuiipcjO'of^n|Ht* J^&o^niiijKlo ^ejfup© ^fe6«no ^jf«i9«<TAmp9iii0\<

to tpc* Otone^ Gt@eO*AnrCftotiifeeO*t^on yteutv tpAttpe»Oito©^ ^>fl^ii©020*vn ^ep f)iiui|pft6(o oucGof GpcpdjjUA® (A^ An© Gj> Ant^o^itie* opofij^ ^oinijponO* AS* Ap^effti© 'fe^itp <tonn(]ioi»0*Au© A® o^o^» opfifc/ nAtnp A^WpoAn© -* 9ip®o rontyA^ to Oin© An©CfJAtutoO' of^to*^Hp^ertftuo

<y©oe»^oppj EOpinn6l!cO^ yoti^ iiwp<^wfli«(-^AtnOniAu *0 JjcyAfteyGo com^vCtc© to hiAa> ^>eiC^ An^ ^ntyt CoAno GeneGbGtnco ti^o o

Oiitp C\%& tpAjgo iSi^oiit conion toupiA ^ flrto of^j?AjGAm«ut, An© t^At ill 60 code© (OniA^c Ann^Sejo Oiit^ <pAtp 02 togiQ

WiiGii^ Al M(*AtfSttCL ...*r.rt-*tt -* a.r.... •' .. - ,r%

0^be»

10 fl>

fti

).i r» r

I

ifciiSi

'CSX

la if

hi!

shal

ineti

-it

'TQI!

■ iaae Gf

•* urle fcsfc

:^5*

•*tj

!^:

lv,

S

( 23 )

Anno 3" CAROL I, I. A.D. 1627.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Seventeenth Day of March, In the THIRD Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the First.

ftotulo parliament! He anno ftegtt! ftegte Carol!, Xertio*

RoTULUS PARLIAMENTI ten! apud Wesrifc Die Lune Dedmo septimo Die Marcij Anno Regni Serenissimi Dni nn Caroli Dei Gra Angt Scode Francie & HibS Regis Fidei Defensoris &c. Pcio.

Memorandum qd Dai Spuales & Temporales et ipsi de Domo C3i in hoc [^senti1] Parliamento congregad sepius in? se consuluerunt de quadam Peti£6e de R2fo Dfk) Regi exhibenda, Quequidem Peticio Die Mercurij Vicesmo odavo Die Maij p ipsos DBos & Comunes d£fo Dno Regi exhibita suit, Eedemq^ Peti£6i DHs nr Rex regale suu Responsum in pleno Parliamento dedit Die Sabbi Septimo Die Junij px sequen, Cujus quidem Peti£6is & Responl Tenor sequitr in hec 9ba: vidett.

CHAPTER I.

The Peridon Exhibited to His Majesde by the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and C5mons in this psent Parliament assembled conSaing divers Rights and Liberdes of the Subjects: with the Kings Majesties Royall Aunswere thereunto in full Parliament.

To the Kings most Excellent Majesde.

HUMBLY shew unto our Soveraigne Lord the King the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Cdmons in Parliament assembled, That whereas it is declared and enacted by a Statute made in the tyme of the Raigne of King Edward the first cSmonly called Statutum de Tallagio non concedendo, That no Tallage or Ayde should be layd or levyed by the King or his Heires in this Realme without the good will and assent of the Archbishopps Bishopps Earles Barons Knightf Burgesses and other the Freemen of the Comonalde of this Realme, And by Authoride of Parliament holden in the five and twendth yeare of the raigne of King Edward the third, it is declared and enacted, That from thenceforth no pson should be compelled to make any Loanes to the King against his will because such Loanes were against reason and the franchise of the Land, And by other Lawes of this Realme it is prided, that none should be charged by any charge or Imposicion called a Benevolence nor by such like Charge by which the Statutes before mencioned and other the good Lawes and Statutes of this Realme your Subjedf have inherited this Freedome That they should [[not1] be compelled to contribute to any Taxe Tallage Ayde or other like Charge not sen by cdmon consent in Parliament.

Yet neverthelesse of late divers Comissions directed to sundry CSmissioners in severall Counties with Instrucdons have issued, by meanes whereof your people have been in divers places assembled and required to lend certaine somes of mony unto your Majesde, and many of them uppon their refusall soe to doe have had an Oath administred unto them not warrantable by the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme and have been constrayned to become bound to make apparance and give attendance before your Pride Councell and in other placesj and others of them have been therefore imprisoned confined and sondry other waies molested and disquieted And divers other charges have been hid and levied upon your people in severall Counties by Lord Lieuten"ntf Deputie lieuten*ntf CSmissioners for Musters Justices of Peace and others by Comauad or Direcdon from your Majestie or your Privie Councell against the Lawes and free Customes of the Realme.

And where alsoe by the Statute called The great Charter of the Liberties of England, It is declared and enacted, That no Freeman may be taken or imprisoned or be disseised of his Freehold or Liberties or his free Customes or be outlawed or exiled or in any manner destroyed, but by the lawfull Judgment of his Peeres or by the Law of the Land.

Rot. Par?* nu. i.

Reciting that by (*S> 34 Ed. I. st.4. c. i. by Authority of Parliament holden 25 Ed. III. and by other Laws of this Realm, the King's SubieAs should not be taxed but by Consent in Parliament;

II.

and that

Commissions have of late issued on which Proceeding* have been had contrary to Law.

JII. Reciting

9 Hen. Til. M.C. c. 29.

1 interlined on the Roll.

3° Car. I. c. 1.

A.D. 1627.

IV.

s8 Edw. 111. c.3.

V.

and that divert Subjects have been imprisoned without Cause shewn, or Cause of Detainer certified;

VI.

and that Soldiers have been dispersed in divers Counties, and Inhabitants compelled to receive them.

VII.

a5E.HI.

and that

Commissions have issued under the Great Seal for Proceedings

according to

Martial Law.

VIII. The Petition.

And in the eight and twentith yeere of the raigne of King Edward the third it was declared and enacted by authoride of Parliament, that no man of what estate or condidon that he be, should be put out of his Land or Tenement? nor taken nor imprisoned nor disherited nor put to death without being brought to aunswere by due pcesse of Lawe.

Neverthblesse against the tenor of the said Statutes and other the good Lawes and Statutes of your Realme to that end pvided, divers of your Subjects have of late been imprisoned without any cause shewed: And when

for their deliverance they were brought before your Justices by your Majesties Writtf of Habeas corpus there to undergoe and receive as the Court should order, and their Keepers comaunded to ceitifie the causes of their detayner, no cause was certified, but that they were deteined by your Majesties speciall comaund signified by the Lord? of your Privie Councell, and yet were returned backe to severall prisons without being charged with any thing to which they might make aunswere according to the Lawe.

And whereas of late great Companies of Souldiers and Marriners have been dispersed into divers Counties of the Realme, and the inhabitant? against their will? have been compelled to receive them into their houses, and there to suffer them to sojourne against the Lawes and Customes of this Realme and to the great greivance and vexacion of the people.

And whereas alsoe by authoride of Parliament in the five and twentith yeare of the Raigne of King Edward the third it is declared and enacted that no man should be forejudged of life or limbe against the forme of the Great Charter and the Lawe of the Land, And by the said Great Charter, and other the Lawes and Statutes of this your Realme no man ought to be adjudged to death but by the Lawes established in this your Realme, either by the customes of the same Realme or by Aftf of Parliament. And whereas no offendor of what kinde soever is exempted from the pceeding? to be used and punishment? to be inflicted by the Lawes and Statutes of this your Realme, Neverthelesse of late [tyme ’] divers Comissions under your Majesties great Seale have issued forth, by which certaine psons have been assigned and appointed Commissioners with power and authoride to pceed within the land according to the Justice of Martiall Lawe against such Souldiers or Marriners or other dissolute psons joyning with them as should comitt any murther robbery felony mutiny or other outrage or misdemeanor whatsoever, and by such sumary course and order as is agreeable to Martiall Lawe and as is used in Armies in tyme of warr to pceed to the tryall and condemnation of such offenders, and them to cause to be executed and putt to death according to the Lawe Martiall.

By Ptext whereof some of your Majesties Subject? have been by some of the said Comissioners put to death, when and where, if by the Lawes and Statut? of the land they had deserved death, by the same Lawes and Statutf alsoe they might and by no other ought to have byn judged and executed.

And alsoe sundrie greivous offendors by colour thereof clayming an exempcion have escaped the punishment? due to them by the Lawes and Statutes of this your Realme, by reason that divers of your Officers and ministers of Justid have unjustlie refused or forborne to pceed against such Offendors according to the same Lawes and Statutes uppon ptence that the said offendors were punishable onelie by Martiall law and by authoritie of such Comissions as aforesaid. Which Comissions and all other of like nature are wholly and directlie contrary to the said Lawes and Statutes of this your Realme.

They doe therefore humblie pray your most Excellent Majestie, that no man hereafter be compelled to make or yeild any Guifit Loane Benevolence Taxe or such like Charge without comon consent by Acte of Parliament, And that none be called to make aunswere or take such Oath or to give attendance or be confined or otherwise molested or disquieted concerning the same or for refusall thereof. And that no freeman in any such manner as is before mencioned be imprisoned or deteined. And that your Majestie would be pleased to remove the said Souldiers and Mariners and that your people may not be soe burthened in tyme to come. And that the aforesaid Comissions for pceeding by Martiall Lawe may be revoked and annulled. And that hereafter no Chmissions of like nature may issue forth to any peon or p6ons whatsoever to be executed as aforesaid, lest by colour of them any of your Majesties Subject? be destroyed or put to death contrary to the Lawes and Franchise of the Land.

All which they most humblie pray of your most Excellent Majestie as their Right? and Liberties according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, And that your Majestie would alsoe vouchsafe to declare that the Awards doing? and pceeding? to the pjudice of your people in any of the pmisses shall not be drawen hereafter into consequence or example. And that your Majestie would be alsoe gradouslie pleased for the further comfort and safetie of your people to declare your Royall will and pleasure, That in the thing? aforesaid all your Officers and Ministers shall serve you according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme as they tender the Honor of your Majestie and the prosperitie of this Kingdome.

Qua quidem PetiGte tea & plenius intettca p dem Drim Regem tali? est responsum in pleno Parliament vidett.

fi°. Soit droit salt come est desire.

1 interlined on the Roll.

AJ).\627.

3° Car. I. c. 2, 3.

25

CHAPTER II.

An Act for the further reformadon of sondry abuses comitted on the Lords Day comonlie called Sonday.

FORASMUCH As the Lords Day comonlie called Sunday is much broken and pfaned by Carriers Waggoners Carters Waynemen Butchers and Drovers of cattell to the great dishonor of God and reproach of Religion, Be it therefore Enabled by the Kings most excellent Majestie and the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and by the Comons in this jPsent Parliament assembled and by the Authoride of the same, That no Carrier with any Horse or Horses nor Waggonmen with any Waggon or Waggons nor Carremen with any Cart or Carts nor Waynemen with anie Wayne or Waynes nor Drovers with any Cattell shall after sortie daies next after the end of this psent Session of Parliament by themselves or any other travell uppon the said Day, uppon paine that every pson and psons so offending shall lose and forfeit twentie shillingf for every such offence. Or if any Butcher by himselfe or any ocher for him by his privide or consent shall after the end of the said forde daies kill or sell any Victuall uppon the said Day, That then every such Butcher shall forfait and lose for every such offence the some of six shillingf and eight pence The said offences and every of them being done in view of anie Justice of (*) Peace Mayor or other head Officer of any Cittie or Towne Corporate within their lymittf respectivelie or being proved uppon oath by two or more witnesses or by the Confession of the partie offending before any such Justice Mayor or head Officer within their severall limittf respectivelie wherein such offence shalbe comitted, To which end every such Justice Mayor or Head officer shall have power by this Act to minister an Oath to such witnesse or witnesses. All which somes or penalties shall or may be levied by any Constable or Churchwarden by warrant from any such Justice or Justices of the Peace Mayor or other Head officer as aforesaid within their severall lymittf where such offence shalbe comitted or done by distresse and sale of the offendors goods rendring to the partie the overplus or shalbe recovered by any peon or peons that will sue for the same by Bill Plaint or Informadon in any of His Majesties Courts of Record in anie Cittie or Towne Corporate before His Majesties Justices of the Peace in their general 1 Sessions of the Peace. All which forfeitures shalbe imployed to and for the use of the poore of the Parishes where the said offences shalbe comitted or done Saving onelie that it shalbe lawfull to and for any such Justice Mayor or Head officer out of the said forfeitures to reward any such pson or psons that shall informe or otherwise psecute any pson or psons offending against this p)sent Ad according to their discrecions so that such reward exceed not the third part of the forfeiture.

Provided that such Bill Plaint or informadon shalbe comenced sued and psecuted in the Countie City or Towne Corporate where such offence shalbe c5mitted and done and not elsewhere, wherein no Essoyne Protecdon or wager of Lawe shall be allowed to the Defendant, Provided allwaies that it shalbe lawfull for any Constable or Churchwarden that shall have any Suit or Acdon brought against them for any distresse by them or any of them to be taken by force of this psent Ad to pleade the generall issue, and to give the speciall matter in evidence. Provided likewise that no pson or psons whatsoever shalbe impeached by this Act, unlesse he be thereof questioned within six Monethes after the offence comitted. Provided further that this Act shall not in any sort abridge or take away the Authoritie of the Courts Ecctiasticall, This Act to continue to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

Rot. Pad. mm. 4«

Carrier*, Drovers, &c. not to travel on Sunday.

Penalty 20*.

Butcher* not to kill or tell on Sunday*

Penalty 6s. 8d.

Such Offence* being committed in view of Justice,

&c. or proved by Oath of Witnesse*, or Confession of the Party.

Penalties how levied.

Distress.

Penalties to the Poor; but Justice, &c. may give Part to Informer.

Information, See. prosecuted in County where Offence committed*

General Issue*

Limitation of Information, &c.

Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER IB.

An Act to restraine the Passing or Sending of any to be popishly bred beyond the Seas. p^i M

FORASMUCH as divers ill affected psons to the true Religion established within this Realme have sent their

Children into forraine Parts to be bred upp in Popery notwithstanding the Restraint thereof by the Statute stat. i Jac. I. c. 4* made in the First Yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King James of famous Memory, Be it enacted duc

That the said Statute shalbe put in due Execudon. And be it further enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie and the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same. That in case any pson or psons under the Obedience of the King His Heires and Successors at any Tyme after the End of this Session of Parliament shall passe or goe or shall convey or send or cause to be sent or

conveyed any Child or other pson out of any of the Kings Dominions into any the Parts beyond the Seas out of Conveying, &c.

the Kings Obedience to the Intent and Purpose to enter into or be resident or trayned upp in any Priory Abby

Nunnery Popish Uni^sitie Colledge or Schoole or House of Jesuitf Preistf or in any private Popish Familie and beyond Set, to be

shalbe there by any Jesuite Seminary Priest Fryer Monke or other Popish peon instruded pswaded or itrengthened in the Popish Religion in any Sort to pfesse the same or shall convey or send or cause to be conveyed or sent by there;

the Hands or Meanes of any pson whatsoever any some or somes of Mony or other Thing for or towards the

maynten*nce of any Child or other pson already gone or sent or to goe or to be sent and trayned and instruded a9 is aforesaid or under the Name or Colour of any Charitie Benevolence or Aimes towards the Releife of any Priotie Abby Nunnery Colledge Schoole or any Religious House whatsoever. Every pson so sending conveying or causing to be sent and conveyed as well any such Child or other pson as any some or somes of Mony or other Thing on Conviaion and every pson passing or being sent beyond the Seas being thereof lawfullie convicted in or uppon any Informadon p^sentment or Indictment as is aforesaid shalbe disabled from thenceforth to sue or use any Acdon Forfeiture of Good*

BtU Plaint or Informadon in Course of Lawe or to psecute any Suite in any Court of Equitie or to be i^aTfor Life.°*

1 the 0.

Vox*. V.

26

3° Car. I. c. 3, 4.

A.D. 1627.

II.

Proviso for Persons so sent abroad conforming after Return.

III. Offences where and before whom determined.

IV.

Persons returning and conforming, to have their Lands restored during Conformity.

Comittee of any Ward or Executor or Administrator to any pson or capable of any Legade or Deed of Gift or to beare any Office within /the Realme; and shall loose and forfeite all his Goods and Chattellf and shall forfeit all his Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf Rents Anuities Offices and Estates of Freehold for and during his natural! Life.

Provided allwaies That no pson sent or conveyed as aforesaid that shall within Six Monethes after his Retome into this Realme conforme himselfe unto the p>sent Religion established in this Church of England and receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper according to the Statutes made concerning Conformitie in other Cases required from Popish Recusantf shall incurre any the Penalties aforesaid.

(r) And it is enacted That all and every (*) the Offences against this Statute may be enquired heard and determined before the Justices of the Kings Bench or Justices of Assise or Gaole delivery or of Oyer and Terminer of such Counties where the Offenders did last dwell or abide, or whence they departed out of this Kingdome or where they were taken.

Provided also That if any pson or Childe so passing or sent or now being beyond the Seas shall after his Retome into this Realme conforme himselfe [unto this3 ] Religion established in this Church of England and receive the Sacrament of the Lord his Supper according to the Statutf made for or concerning Conformity in other Cases required from Popish Recusantf for and during such tyme as he or she shall so contynue in such Conformitie and Obedience according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Lawes and Statutf shall have his or her Lands restored to them againe.

Rot. Parl. 6.

5 & 6 Edw. VI. c. f 14.

Reasons why the said Statute has not wrought the Reformation intended.

1L Keeping Alehouse, &c. without Licence.

Penalty 20s. to the Poor.

Proof of Offence by View or Confession or Oath of Two Witnesses.

Penalty levied by Distress}

Not paid within Three Days after. Distress appraised and sold.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for the better Suppressing of unlicenced Alehouse keepers.

WHEREAS by an Acte made in the Fift Yeare of the Raigne of King Edward the Sixth of famous Memory entituled An Act for Keepers of Alehouses to be bound by Recognizance amongest other Things it is enacted That if any pson or psons other then such as should be from thenceforth admitted and allowed by the Justices mendoned in the said Acte should after the Day in the said Acte limited obstinatelie and uppon his owne Authoritie take uppon him or them to keepe a comon Alehouse or Tipling house or should contrary to the comaundement of the said Justices or Two of them use comonlie selling of Ale or Beere, that then the said Justices of Peace or Two of them (whereof one to be of the Quop) should for every such Offence committ every such pson or psons so offending to the Comon Goale within the same Shire Cittie Borough Towne Corporate Franchise or Libertie there to remaine without Baile or Mainprise by the Space of Three Dayes. And before his or their Deliverance the said Justices should take Recognizance of him or them so comitted, with Two Suerties that he or they should not keepe any comon Alehouse Tipling house or use comonlie selling of Ale or Beere as by the Discrecion of the said Justices should seeme convenient: And the said Justices should make Certificate of every such Recognizaunce and Offence at the next Quarter Sessions that should be holden within the same Shire Cittie Borough Towne Corporate Franchise or Libertie where the same should be comitted or done, which Certificate should be a sufficient Conviccion in Law of the same offence, And the said Justices of Peace uppon the said Certificate made, should in open Sessions assesse the Fine for every such Offence at Twentie Shillingf, as by the said Acte may appeare: Which Law hath not wrought such Reformacion as was intended, for that the said Fine of Twentie Shillingf is seldome levied, and for that many of the said Offendors by Reason of their Povertie are neither able to pay the said Fine of Twentie Shillingf, nor yet to beare their owne Charges of conveying them to the Gaole, and moreover doe leave a great Charge of Wife and Children uppon the Parishes wherein they live: In regard whereof the Constables and other Officers are much discouraged in psenting them and the Offendors become obstinate and incorrigible.

For Remedie whereof, be it enacted by the Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament That if any pson or psons after Fortie Daies next ensuing the End of this p'sent Session of Parliament shall uppon his owne Authoritie not being thereunto lawfullie licensed take uppon him her or them to keepe a comon Alehouse or Tipling house or use comonlie selling of Ale Beere Cyder or Perrie: that then every such pson or psons shall for every such Offence forfeite and lose the s5me of Twentie Shillingf of Currant Mony of England to the Use of the Poore of the Parish where such Offence shalbe c5mitted: the same Offence being viewed and seene by any Mayor Bayliffe or Justice of Peace or other Head Officer within their severall Limittf or confessed by the Partie so offending or proved by the Oath of Two Witnesses to be taken before any Maior Bayliffe or other Head Officer or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace who by vertue of this Act shalbe authorised to minister the said Oath to any pson or psons that can or will justifie the same being within the Limittf of their said Comission, The said Penaltie to be levied by the Constables or Churchwardens of the Parish or Parishes where the said Offence shalbe comitted who shalbe accomptable therefore to the Use of the Poore of the said Parish by way of Distresse to be taken and detained by Warrant or pcept from the said Mayor Bayliffe Justice or Justices or other Head Officer by whome the said Offence shalbe viewed or before whom the same shalbe confessed or proved as aforesaid: And for Default of Satisfacdon within Three Daies next ensuing the said Distresse to be by the said Constables or Churchwardens apprised and sold, and the Overplus to be delivered to the Partie or Parties offending, and this to be onelie for the

‘ The Two following Clauses are annexed to the original Act in a separate Schedule. * of 0. * to the present O.

A.D. 1627-

3° Car. I. c.4,5.

27

First Offence. And if such Offendor or Offendors shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattellf, whereby the aid Twende Shillingf may be levied by way of Distresse as aforesaid or shall not pay the said some of Twende Shilling? within Six Daies after such Conviccion as aforesaid, that then the said Mayor Bayliff Jusdce or Jusdces or other Head Officer before whome the said Offender shalbe convicted as aforesaid shall comitt all and every the aid Offendor or Offendors to some Constable or Constables or other inferior Officer or Officers of the Cide Borough Towne Parish or Hamlett where the Offence shalbe comitted or the Parde appended to be openiie whipped for for the said Offence as the said Jusdce or Jusdces shall lymitt or appoint.

And be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That if any Constable or inferiour Officer shall neglect to execute the said Precept or Warrant or doe refuse or doe not execute by himselfe or some other to be by him appointed uppon the Offendor the Punishment limitted by this Statute, that in that Case it shall and may be lawfull for the said Mayor Bayliffe Jusdce [and1] Jusdces of Peace or other Head Officer to edmitt the Constable or other inferior Officer so refusing or not executing the said Punishment by himselfe or some other to the Comon Gaole of the said Countie Cittie or Towne Corporate there to remaine without Bayle or Mainprise unrill the said Offendor or Offendors shalbe by the said Constable or Constables or other inferiour Officer so refusing or not executing the said Punishment or some by or his their peurement punished [or*] whipped as is above lymitted and declared or untill he or they so neglecting or refusing shall have paid the some of Fortie Shillingf of lawfull Mony of England unto the Use of the Poore of the Parish for their said Contempt.

And be it further enacted That if the said Offendor or Offendors being an unlicensed Alehousekeep shall offend in any of the pmisses the second tyme and be thereof lawfullie convicted in Manner and Forme aforesaid, that then the said Mayor Bayliffe Justice or Justices of (3) Peace or other Head Officer shall committ him her or them unto the House of Correccion there to remaine for the Space of One Moneth and be dealt withall as idle lewd and disorderly p6ons. And if such pson or psoas shall againe offend and shalbe thereof convicted as aforesaid, that then the said Offendor or Offendors for every such Offence shalbe comitted unto the said House of Correccion as aforesaid there to remaine untill by Order of the Jusdces in their Generali Sessions for the Countie Citie Borough or Franchise he she or they shalbe delivered from thence.

Provided alwaies That such Offendor or Offendors as shalbe punished by vertue of this Acte shall not be punished againe for the same Offence by the former Acte made in the Fifth Yeare of King Edward the Sixth afore mencioned, and that such Offender or Offendors as shalbe punished by vertue of the before mencioned Acte made in the Fifth Yeare of King Edward the Sixth shall not be punished againe for the same Offence by vertue of this p*sent Act nor any Thing therein conteyned.

Provided alwaies That in such Townes and Places where any Faire or Faires shalbe kept, that for the time onelie of the same Faire or Faires it shalbe lawfull for every pson or psons to use comon selling of Ale or Beere in Boothes or other Places there for the Releife of the King? Subjects that shall repaire unto the same in such like Manner and Sorte as hath byn used and done in Tymes past, this Act or any Thing therein conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Offender not hiving Goods or not paying Penalty within Si a Days after Conviction.

Punishment.

III. Constables, &c. neglecting to execute Warrant, &c.

Punishment.

IV.

Second Offence by unlicensed Aleh0u5ek.ec per.

Punishment.

Subsequent

Offence.

Punishment.

V.

Not to be twice punished for the same Offence.

VI.

Proviso for Fair?.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for Contynuance and Repeale of divers Statutf.

BE it enacted by the Authoritie of this p*sent Parliament that one Acte made in the first yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth endtuled An Acte for the pWvacion of Spawne and Frye of Fish except the Proviso in the said Act mencioned that the same Acte shall not extend to the Rivers of Tweed nor Waters or Rivers whereof the Queene was aunswered of any yearelie Rent or Proffitt nor to Farmers Owners or Occupiers of the Rivers of Wye Uske and other Rivers in the said proviso mencioned or conteyned, One Act made in the thirteenth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth endtuled An Act touching Leases of Benefices and other Ecctiasticall Livingf with Cure together with all and every Explanacions Addicions and Alteracions thereof or of any of them or to any of them made by severall Statutes in the Fourteenth Eighteenth and three and Fortith yeares of Her said late Majesties Raigne.

And one Act made in the seaven and twendth yeere of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth endtuled An Act for the (4) Peer and Cobb of Lyme Regis in the Countie of Dorsett.

And one Act made in the third yeare of the Raigne of the late King James endtuled An Act for the avoyding of unnecessary delayes of execucions, Be by Authoritie of this Parliament made perpetuall and shall from henceforth stand in full force and effect and be put in due execucion for ever hereafter.

And be it also enacted by the same Authoritie that one Statute made in the one and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the late King James endtuled An Act against Usuric, which Act was to contynue for the space of seaven yeares from the foure and twentith day of June which then should be in the yeare of our Lord [God*] one thousand six hundred twende and five and so to the end of the first Session of Parliament then next following be alsoe by Authoritie of this Parliament made ppetuall.

1 or O- 9 am* 9 0* 4 wayntcnance of the (). * 0. omits.

Rot, Pari, nu. 7

1 Eliz. c 17. except a Proviso for certain River Rents to the Crown.

13 Eliz. c. 20. with Additions,

&c. thereto by

14 Eliz. c. 11.

18 Eliz. c. 11.

43 Eliz. c.9.

27 Eliz. c. 19.

3 Jac. I. c. 8. made perpetual.

II.

21 .lac. I. c. 17. made perpetual.

3° Car. I. c. 5.

A.D. 1627•

III.

fi Hen. VIII. c.ii*

3&4 Edw.VIrc.i9.

§1.3.

5&4 Ed.VI. c.21.

21 Jac.I. c. as.

Certain Part* of 5 Eliz. c. 5. with all Additions, See. thereto by any Ad in force the last Day of the Session 21 Jac.I.

5 Eliz. c. 7.

8 ECz. c. 10.

13 Eliz. c. 21.

14 Eliz. c. c. relating to the levying. See. of Gaol Money.

18 Eliz. c. 3. relating to Bastards, with a Proviso as to Execution of the said Act by Justices of Peace.

18 Eliz. c. 20.

27 Eliz. c. 17. Pr.

27 Eliz. cc. 14.24.

31 Eliz. c.8.

35 Eliz.cc. 10.11.

So much of 35 Eliz. c. 1. as hath not been since repealed.

39 Eliz. c.4. with the Provision annexed thereunto by 1 Jac.I. c.25.

110.

39 Eliz. c. 10. repealing 23 Eliz. c. 7.

And it is further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that one Ad made in the one and twentith yeare of the Reigne of the late King Henry the eight, entituled An Act for the true making of Cables Halters and Ropes, And that part of one Ad made in the Parliament holden at Westni by progac&n the fourth Day of November and contynued until! the first Day of Februarie next after in the third and fourth yeares of the Raigne of the late King Edward the sixt, by which it is ordeyned and enacted That no pson or psons after the tyme in the said Act mendoned shall sell againe live Cattell in the said Act mencioned at or in the Market or Fayre wherein he bought the same during the tyme of the same Fayre or Market under the paynes therein conteyned. And that no pson being a Butcher and using the Craft or Mistery of Butchery shall at any time after the said feast buy any fat Oxen Steers Rontf Kine Heyfers Calves or Sheepe and sell or cause to be sold the same againe alive uppon paine of forfeiture of every such Oxe Steere Ront Cowe Heifer Calves or Sheepe bargained or sold contrary to the forme of that A d*

One other Act made in the same Parliament entituled An Act for the buying and selling of Butter and Cheese together with one Statute made in the Parliament holden in the one and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the late King James entituled An Act for the explanation of the Statutes made in the third fourth and fifth yeares of the Reigne of the said late King Edward the sixth concerning the traders of Butter and Cheese.

And so much of an Act made in the fifth yeare of the raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth intituled An Act touching certaine poHitique Constitutions made for the maynten^nce of the Navie as is not repealed by any later Statute, nor doth conceme the eating of Flesh or using of Fish uppon the Wednesday, Nor the transportacion of Herring or other Sea Fish Nor freedome of Subsidie Custome or Tonnage for the same Nor transportation of Come nor the phibiting the bringing into this Realme any Cod or [Ling* ] in Barrellf or other Cafkes together with all and every other additions explanations and alterations made thereunto or thereof or of any part thereof by anie Statute or Statutes made sithence the making of the said last mentioned Act, and in force the last day of the Session of Parliament that was in the one and twentith yeare of the raigne of the late King James.

And one other Act made in the said fifth yeare entituled, An Act for avoyding divers forraine wares made by handicraftf men beyond the Seas.

And an Act made in the eight yeare of the raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth entituled An Ade for Bowyers and the prises of Bowes*

And one Ad made in the thirteenth [yeares1] of the raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth entituled An Act that Purveyers may take come and viduallf within five miles of Cambridge and Oxford in certaine cases.

And so much of an Act made in the fourteenth yeare of the raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth entituled An Act for the punishment of Vagabondf and releife of the poore and impotent as concemeth the taxing rating levying and imploying of Gaole mony.

And so much of an Act made in the eighteenth yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth entituled An Ade for setting the poore on worke and avoyding idlenesse, as concemeth Bastardf begotten out of lawfull Matrimonie with this that all Justices of the peace within their severall lymittf and pcindf and in their severall Sessions may doe and execute all things concerning that part of the said Statute that by Justices of the Peace in the severall Counties are by the said Statute lymited to be done*

And an Ade made in the said eighteenth yere of the raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth entituled An Ade for repayring and amending of the Bridges and Highwayes neere unto the Cittie of Oxford.

And one Ad made in the seven and Twentith yere of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth entituled, An Act for the good government of the Citie or Borough of Westminster (1).

And two other Adf made in the said seven and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth the one intituled An Act for reviving of a former Statute for the true making of Malt together with the Statute by the said Act revived, and the other intituled An Act for the keeping of the Seabankes and Seaworkes in the Countie of Norfolke.

And one Ad made in the one and thirtith yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth entituled An Act for the true gauging of vessellf brought from beyond the Seas converted by Brewers for the utterance and sale of Ale and Beere.

And two Adf made in the five and Thirtith yeare of Her said late Majesties Raigne, the one intituled An Act for the Reformadon of sondry abuses in Clothes called Devonshire Kersies or Douzens according to a Proclamation of the foure and thirtith yeare of Her said Majesties Raigne the other intituled An Ade for the bringing in of Clapboard from the parts beyond the Seas and the restrayning of the transporting of Wine Caskes for the sparing and pWving of Timber within the Realme.

And so much of one Ad made in the five and thirtith yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth entituled, An Act to retaine the Queenes Majesties subjects in their due obedience as hath not been since repealed by any other Statute.

And the severall Ades hereafter mentioned made in the nine and thirtith yere of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth That is to saie An Act intituled An Act for the punishment of Roagues Vagabondf and sturdie Beggars with the provision annexed thereunto by one Ad made in the first yeare of the raigne of the late King James entituled An Act for contynuing and reviving of divers Statutf and for repealing of some others, An Act entituled An Act [for4] increase of Marriners and for mainten'nce of Navigation repealing a former Act made in the three and twentith

1 Linget O.

• yeare 0.

* Not on the Roll.

4 for the 0.

j1J).1627-

3° Car. I. c. 5.

29

ymn of her said Majesties raigne bearing the same title, An Act entituled An Act phibiting the bringing into the Realms of femme Cardf for Wooll, An Act entituled An Act or restrayning the excessive making of Mault, An Act against lewd and wandering peons ^tending to be Souldiers or Mamners.

And the severall Adf hereafter mendoned made in the three and fortith yeare of the raigne of the said late Queene Elisabeth that is to saie An Act entituled. An Ade for the necessary releife of Souldiers and Marriners, An Act entituled An Act to avoid trifling and frivolous Suits in Lawe in her Majesties Courts at Westminster, An Ade entituled An Ade fcr releife of the poore with the addidon thereunto made by an Ade made in the first yeare of the raigne of the late King James entituled An Act for contynuing of divers Statutf and for repeale of some others, and with this further addidon. And be it enacted That all psons to whome the Overseers of the poore shall according to the said Act binde any children apprentices may take and receive and keepe them as apprentices: And also that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poore mendoned in the said Act made in the said three and fortith yeare may by and with the consent of two or more Justices of the Peace, whereof one to bee of the Quo^ within their respective limittf wherein shalbe more Justices then one, and where no more shalbe then one with the assent of that one Justice of the Peace sett upp use and occupie any Trade Misterie or Occupation onelie for the setting on worke and better releife of the poore of the Parish Towne or place of or within which they shalbe Churchwardens or Overseers of the poore any former Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. An Ade entituled An Act for the true making and working of Woollen Cloath, An Act entituled An Act to pVent Perjury and subordination of Perjury and unnecessary expence in Suits; of Lawe.

And the severall Adf made in the first yeare of the Raigne of the late King James after mentioned, One [Ad intituled1]] Act for the Continuance and Explanation of the Statute made in the nyne and thirtith yeare of the raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth entituled An Act for punishment of Roagues Vagabondf and Sturdie Beggars An other entituled An Act to take away the benefitt of Clergie for some kinde of Manslaughter An other intituled An Act concerning Tanners Corners Shoomakers and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather saving for such part thereof as is repealed by one other Act made in the fourth yeare of His said late Majesties Raigne of England in that behalfe. An other intituled An Act for the better execution of the intent and meaning of former Statutf made against shooting in Gunns and for the fPservadon of the Game of Pheasantf and Partriges and against the destroying of Hares with Harepipes and tracing [of1] Hares in the Snowe, An Act entituled An Act for avoyding of deceit in selling buying or spending corrupt and unwholesome Hoppes, An Act entituled An Act for explanation of the Statute made in the fist yeare of the late Queene Elizabeths Raigne concerning Labourers, An Act for the charitable releife and ordering of psons infected with the Plague.

And the severall Adf made in the third yeare of the Raigne of the late King James after mentioned, That is to saie One intituled An Act for releife of such as lawfullie use the Trade and Handicraft of Skinners, An other Act entituled An Ade for the rating and levying of the charges for conveying of Malefadors and Offendors to the Gaole, Another Act for transportation of Beere over the Seas One other intituled An Act against unlawfull hunting and stealing of Deere and Conies.

And one Ad made in the fourth yeare of the raigne of the said late King James entituled An Act for the better provision of Meadow and Pasture for the necessary maintenance of Husbandry and Tillage in the Mannors Lordshipps and Parishes of Merden ats Manarden Boddenham Wellington Sutton S' Michaett Sutton S' Nicholas Murton uppon Lugg and the Parish of Pipe and everie of them in the Countie of Hereford.

And the severall Adf made in the seventh yeare of the Raigne of the said late King James [afore1 ] mentioned the one intituled An Ade for the better execution of Justice and suppressing of criminall Offenders in the North parts of the Kingdome of England Another intituled An Act for the due execution of divers Lawes and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues Vagabondf and sturdy Beggers and other lewd and idle psons Another intituled An Act to pHrent the spoile of Come and Graine by untimely Hawking and for the better pservacion of Pheasantf and Partridges One other intituled An Act to avoid the double payment of debts, One other intituled, An Act for the explanation of one Statute made in the second Session of that psent Parliament entituled An Act against unlawfull hunting of Deere and Conies And one other Act intituled An Act for the taking landing and carrying of Seasand for the bettering of grounds and for the increase of Come and Tillage within the Counties of Devon and Comewall.

And that one part of the Statute made in the five and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the eight, intituled An Act for the destruction of Wilde fowle, which was repealed by a latter Ad in the Parliament bolden in the third and fourth yeares of the Raigne of the late King Edward the sixt and revived in the Parliament holden in the one and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the late King James.

And one Ad made in the first yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Mary for and conSning the making repayring and amendment of the Comon high Way and Cawsey in the Counties of Dorsett and Somersett betweene the Townes of Shaftsbury and Sherborne in the said Countie of Dorsett and revived in the said one and twentith yeare.

And alsoe the severall Adf hereafter mentioned made in the said one and twentith yere of the Raigne of the late King James, That is to saie An Act intituled An Act concerning Women convicted of small felonies and one, Ad intituled An Act for the continuance of a former Statute made in the fourth yeare of the Raigne of the said late King James intituled An Act for the true making of Wollen Clothes and for some additions and alterations in and to the same together with so much of one Ad made in the said fourth yeere as was in force the last day of the Session of Parliament holden in the said one and twentith yeare, and one other Ade intituled An Act to pSrent and reforme plane swearing and cursing And one Ad intituled An Act to fPvent the destroying and murdering of bastard children by vertue of this Act shalbe and contynue untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament in force and effect as the same were the first day of the Session of Parliament holden in the first yere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord the King that now is.

39 El»*-cc. 14. 16.17.

43 Elis. cc. 3. 6.

43 Elis. c. 2. with the Addition thereto by I Jac. I. c. 15. $ 13.

and with the further Addition herein mentioned a* to the taking Parish Apprentices j and Overseers of the Poor, &c. setting up Trades for setting the Poor on work.

43 Eliz. cc. 10. 5.

x Jac. I. cc. 7. 8.

1 Jac. I. c. 22. save so far at repealed by Jac. 1. c. 6.

I Jac. 1. c. 27.

I Jac. I. c. 18. 1 Jac. I. c. 6. x Jac. I. c. 31.

3 Jac. I. c. 9.

3 Jac. I. c. 10. 3 Jac. I. c. 11. 3 Jac. I. c. j 3.

4 Jac. I. c. 11.

7 Jac. I. c. I.

c.4.

c. 11.

c. 12.

c. 13.

C. 18.

That Part of 25 H. VIII. c. 11, which was repealed by t 6c 4 Edw VI. c.7. but revived by 21 Jac 1. c.28. f 9. 1 M. Sew. 3. c. 5. revived by 21 Jac.I. c.28. §10.

21 Jac. I. c. 6.

21 Jac. I. c. 18.

So much of Jac. 1, c. 2. as was in force on the last Day of the Session 21 Jac. I.

21 Jac. I. c. 20. c. 27.

continued until the End of the First Session of the neat Parliament in Manner herein mentioned.

Voi~ v.

30

3° Car. I. c. 5.

AJ). 1627*

I Car. I. c. u continued until the End of the Fir«t Setrion of the next Pniiapent.

IV.

Prorito for Explanation, Sec. of said A 6b by any new A6fc of this Session, kc.

V.

Proriso for Exportation of Coni at certain Prices.

Proriso for Custom and Poundage of Corn.

VI.

The King's Proclamation

may restrain Exportation of Corn.

Exporting contrary thereto.

Penalty.

VII. Length, Breadth, and Weight of Welch Cottons.

VIII. i6Rk.II. c.i. fa.

i6RJc.II. c.4.

aoRic.II. c. 2.

i Hen. IV. c. 7.

7 Hen. IV. c. 14.

13 Hen. IV. c.3.

8 Hen. VI. c.4.

8 Edw. IV. c. 2.

3 Hen. VII. c. i.} 1. as to Liveries.

3 Hen. VII. c. 12. repealed.

IX.

7 Jac. I. c. so. continued until the End of the next Session.

And be it alaoe enacted that one Statute made in the said first yeare of his Majesties raigne that now is endtuled An Act for punishing of divers abuses comitted on the Lords day shall contynue (*) untiil the end of the 'Em Session of the next Parliament.

Provided neverthelesse that so much of every of the said Aftf as by any new Act made in this Sessiofi of Parliament are or shaibe explayned altered or repealed shall for so much thereof from the end of this Session of Parliament stand and be in force as by those other Aftf shaibe ordayned.

Provided also and be it further Enacted by the authoride of this £*sent Parliament That when the prizes of corne or graines at the tymes havens and places, when and where the said come or graine shaibe bought shipped or loaden exceed not the rates hereafter following vidett the quarter of wheat at Thirde and two Shillingf the quarter, the quarter of Rye at twentie Shillingf, the quarter of Pease and Beanes at sixteene shillingf, the quarter of Barley or Malt at sixteene shillingf of currant English mony That then it shaibe lawfoll for all and every pson and peons being Subjects of the Kings Majesde his Heires and Successors, and borne within this Realme to carry and transport of his owne and to buy to sell againe in markettf and out of markettf; and to keepe or sell or carry and transport any of the said comes and graines from the places where they shall be of such prises unto any parts beyond the Seas in amide with His Majesde as Merchandise in Shipps Crayes or other vessellf whereof any English home Subject or Subjects then shaibe the owner or owners or the same to carry and sell in other places within this Realme or Dominions thereof. Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. And that the Kings Majesde his Heires and Successors shall have and receive by the Customers and Officers of his Ports for the Custome or Pondage of every quarter of wheat to be transported by force of this Statute out of this Realme two Shillingf, of every quarter of other graine sixteene pence, which said severaU somes so to be had and taken as Custome or Poundage shaibe in foil Satisfaction of all manner of Custome or Poundage for the said Come or Graine by any Constitution Order Statute Law or Custome heretofore made used or taken for transporting of any such manner of Come or Graine or made in this pfeent Session of Parliament or hereafter to be made.

Provided alwaies and he it enacted by the authoride of this fPsent Parliament, That the Kings Majesde his heires and successors may at all tymes by his and their Writt of Proclamation to be published generallie in the whole Realme or in any of the Counties of this Realme where any Ports are comaund that no pson shall by vertue of this Act transport or convey any manner of graine out of his Highnes Dominions generally or out of any speciall Ports to be in the said Proclamation particulerlie named for such time as shaibe therein lymitted and appointed, And it shall not be lawfoll for any pson to carrie out any such graine contrary to the tenor of the said Proclamation Nippon such paines and forfeitures as by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme are and have bene pvided and ordained in that behalfe, this Acte or any thing therein contayned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it enacted That no pson or psons shall incurre any penalde for want of length bredth or weight of Welsh Cottons under the price of fifteene pence the yard or two shillingf the Goad so as they be not mixed with haire or other, deceitfoll stuffe nor for any others above that price except they shall be mixed as aforesaid or shall shrinke above the rate of halfe a yard in twelve yards of length or weigh lesse then fourteene ounces the yard or hold not full three quarters of a yard broad.

And be it also enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That that part of one Statute made in the sixteenth yeare of the raigne of the late King Richard the second by which it is ordeyned that no manner of Spicery after that it be brought into the Realme shaibe carried out of the same Realme by Aliens nor by Denizen uppon paine of forfeiture thereof: And one Statute made in the sixteenth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Richard the second concerning Liveries.

And one other Statute made in the twentith yeare of the raigne of the late King Richard the Second by which it is ordeyned that no Valelettf called Yeoman nor other of lesser estate then an Esquire shall use or beare any signe of Livery called Livery of Company of any Lord within the Realme.

And one Statute made in the first yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the fourth concerning giving of Liveries.

And one Statute made in the seaventh yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the fourth concerning giving of Liveries.

And one other Statute made in the thirteenth yeere of the Raigne of the late King Henry the fourth concerning giving of Liveries.

And one Statute made in the eight yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the sixt concerning Liveries.

And one Statute made in the eight yeare of the Raigne of the late King Edward the fourth concerning Liveries.

And so much of one Statute made in the third yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the seaventh concerning the Starchamber as toucheth or concemeth the punishment of those that shall give or take Liveries, And one other Statute made in the said third yeare concerning taking of Liveries by the Kings Officers and Fanners be from henceforth Repealed.

And be it also enacted by authoride of this Parliament, that one Act of Parliament made in the seventh yeare of the Raigne of the late King James intituled An Act for the speedie recoverie of manie thousand Acres of Marsh grounds and other grounds within the Counties of Norfolke and Suffolke latelie surrounded by the rage of the Sea in divers parts of the said Counties and for the pvendon of the daunger of the like surrounding hereafter be contynued and shall stand in force undll the end of the next Session of Parliament.

1 in force O.

3° Car. I. c. 6.

31

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for the establishing of the Estates of the ten*ntf of Bromfeild and Tale in the Countie of Denbigh and of Bn. Pari. n. 8. the Tenures Rents and Servies thereuppon reserved according to a late Composidon made for the same with the Kings most Excellent Majestie then Prince of Wales.

rl most humble manner doe beseech your most Excellent Majesde your true and loyall Subjects the Ten*ntf of the Lordshippf of Bromfeild and Tale in your Highnes Countie of Denbigh, That whereas the Lordshipps ad Manners of Bromfeild and Tale within the Countie of Denbigh in or about the tenth yeare of the Raigne of

King Henry the seaventh were forfeited and came to the Crowne of England by the attainder of Sir William

Stanley Knight, Before which time the Tennantf of the said Lordshipps or Mannors had tyme out of minde of man held and enjoyed divers Messuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf being part and parcell of the said Lordshipps and Mannors clayming to hold the same to them and their heires by Coppie of Court Rolle and to have therein a customarie estate of inheritance by and under certaine yearelie Rents Customes and Services, And the said Messuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf then were and by all the time aforesaid had bene by the Custome of the said Mannors discendable unto the heires of every such Tenant and the Widowes of such Ten*ntf were therein endowable and endowed for terme of their lives as of lands of inheritance. And likewise from and

after the said forfeiture and after such coming of the said Lordshipps and Mannors unto the Crowne, the said Ten^tf

in like sort and manner claymed and peaceablie and quietlie held and enjoyed their Messuages Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf so holden of the said Lordshipps or Mannors to them and their Heires by Coppie of Court Rolle without any question suite eviedon or interrupcion untill about the begynning of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth of famous memorie. Att or about which tyme the said estates of the Ten ntf of the said Lordshipps or Mannors were on the behalfo of the said late Queene questioned and ptended not to be estates of Inheritance, and besides the said Ten*ntf in generall were questioned for and concerning a certaine yearelie Rent of one hundred and five pounds within the said Lordshipps ^tended and alleadged to have bene therein withdrawne and decayed within the time incurred from and after the Raigne of King Edward the third or thereaboutf, And thereuppon a Comission issued in the fourth yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene for surveying of the said Lordshipps and Mannors and reviving of the said rent, uppon which Comission although it could not be discovered by any matter of record or otherwise which of the said Messuages Lands or Tenementf were liable or chargeable to or with the said yearelie rent of one hundred and five pounds soe ^tended to have bene decayed, yet by pswasion [of'] the then Comissioners a Composicon was then had and made by and betweene the said Comissioners on the behalfe of the said late Queene and the said Ten*ntf That they the said Ten*ntf should surrender and relinquish their said Customary Estates of Inheritance and revive the said decayed Rent of one hundred and five pounds p Annu and also pay unto the said late Queene for a Fine the some of eight hundred pounds of lawfull mony of England, And that for and in consideration thereof the said Ten*ntf their Heires and Assignes should have good firme and ppetuall Estates in their said Messuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf by Leases successivelie to be made unto them from forty yeeres to forty yeeres for ever. In pursuance and pformance of which agreement and Composic&n the said Ten*ntf did relinquish and surrender their said Customarie Estates of Inheritance charged their said Messuages Lands and Tenementf with the said Rent of one hundred and five pounds p Annu which hath ever sithence been accordfoglie payd, and paid to the said late Queene the said Fine of eight hundred pounds, And severall Leases were thereuppon alsoe made unto the said Ten*ntf from, the said late Queene of their said severall and respective Messuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf for sortie yeares with a Covenant from the said late Queene in every of the said Leases conteyned for the renewing of the same Leases from time to time uppon expiradon surrender or otherwise for like Terme and Rent, paying onelie two yeares old Rent for a Fine for such new Lease, And the tttd Agreement and Composicion was firmelie and inviolablie holden and kept during the reigne of the said late Queene: and howsoever as well during that time as in the beginning of the raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King James of famous memorie the said Composicion were questioned and sought to be impeached by some who had obtayned Grauntf of part of the said Mannors uppon pkence that the said Covenant did not binde the Crowne yet uppon severall Suits thereuppon in His Majesties Court of Exchequer Chamber severall Decrees were there had and made, whereby the said Composicion was ratified and confirmed and the said Covenant holden and decreed to be reall and to binde the Crowne and all others clayming any Estate in the said Lordshipps or Mannors from or under the Crowne whereby the said estate of the Ten*ntf aforesaid were againe setled in peace and quiett and so by them holden and enjoyed and new Leases were from time to time made unto the said Ten*ntf by and from the said late King according to the Composicion aforesaid untill the said late King in and by his Highnes Letters Patentf sealed with the Great Seale of England bearing date at Westminster the eighteenth day of Februarie in the fourteenth yecrc of his said late Majesties raigne of England did give and graunte unto your Majestie being then Prince of Wales amoogest other things the said Lordshipps Mannors Lands and Tenementf of Bromfeild and Tale. To have and to hold to your Majestie being Prince and to your Heires Kings of England in augmentacion and increase of the lands and possessions of the principalitie of Wales and of your Highnes befog Prince, and by the said ires Patentf did unite and annex the said Lordshipps and Mannors, and willed and declared the same to be united and annexed to the said Principalitie.

After which time that is to saie in or about the twentith yeare of the said late Kings raigne the said Compoodon and agreement so as aforesaid made in the fourth yeere of the raigne of the said late Queene was qgame questioned by the Comissioners of the Revenue of your Majestie then Prince of Wales so as the said Ten*ntf

Lordships and Manors of BromSeld and Yale forfeited to the Crown.

Inheritance of the Tenants questioned by the Crown.

Commission of Surrey, 4 Eliz.

Composidon between the Crown and the Tenants.

Surrender by the Tenants to the Crown.

Leases thereupon from the Crown to the Tenants.

The aforesaid Composidon [uestioned, and

thereon in Exchequer Chamber whereby the said Composidon was confirmed.

Grant to the King, then Prince of Wales, of the said Lordships, Ac. by Letters Patent 18 Feb. 14. Jac. 1.

Theaforesaid Composidon again questioned.

1 of of 0.

32

3° Car. I. c. 6.

A.D. 1627*

Agreement and Composition by the Tenants for Estates to them from the Prince of Wales for j£jo>oooo«

Performance and Execution of such Agreement and Composition secured by Letters Patent.

Tenor thereof.

The last above mentioned Letters Patent confirmed.

Former Grants, &c. and Grants to be made within Two Years by Patentees confirmed.

could not obtaine any new Leases of the pmisses to be made unto them for the Termef and under the Coven*nt? and Agreement? contayned in the said Composition nor for any longer Terme then onelie for three lives or one and thirde yeares, and that also for an Arbitrarie line to be paid for such Leases and uppon the said Ten*ntf refusall so to accept the same, some of their Land? after the expiracion of their Leases were by your Majesties said Comissioners graunted and passed away to others whereby much trouble and suite was like to have ensued. For fPvendon whereof the said Tenant? at length compounded with the said C5missioners and agreed to give and pay unto your Majestie then Prince of Wales the some of Ten thousand pound? or thereabout? for estates to be made unto them and their Heires of and in their severall Land? and Tenement? to be holden in Fee Farme by and under the Rent? and Services formerlie reserved due or payable for the same For which said great some of mony the said Tenant? have no other benefitt then onelie the quieting and setling of their Estates and a discharge of the foresaid Fine of Two yeares old rent payable uppon the new taking of any Lease of the fPmisses, which by the expiracion of the said Leases by effluxion of time was to be payable but once in forty yeares there being uppon the said last mendoned Composirion reserved unto your Majestie your Heires and Successors all other rent? and services whatsoever formerlie due or payable for the same.

And for the better pformance and execudon of the said last mendoned composidon and to the end that there might be there uppon a firme and sure estate in Fee Farme made unto the said Tea*nt? of their severall and respective Land? and Tenement? your Majestie then Prince of Wales by your Highnes Ires Patent? under your then great Seale bearing date the fourth day of Januarie in the two and twendth yeere of his said late Majesties raigne of England Did give graunt and surrender back the said Lordshipps Mannors and other the pmisses to the said late King as in and by the said Ires Patent? reladon being thereunto had more plainelie appeareth. And afterward? in further pursuance and execudon of the said last mendoned Composidon at the request and nominadon of your Majestie then Prince of Wales the said late King? Majestie by his Highnes tres Patent? bearing date at Westminster the seaven and twentith day of Januarie in the two and twentith yeare of his said Raigne of England for the consideradons in the same ires Patent? mendoned Did give and graunte unto Sir Henrie Hobarte Knight and Baronett late cheife Justice of the Comon Pleas and then your Highnes Chauncellor Sir James Fullerton Knight then Master of your Highnes Ward? and Liveries Sir John Walter Knight then your Highnes Attomy generall and now Cheife Baron of your Majesties Court of Exchequer and Sir Thomas Trevor Knight then your Highnes Sollidtor generall and now one of the Barons of your Majesties said Court of Exchequer the said Lordshipps Mannors Towneshipps Land? and Tenement? of Bromfeild and Yale in the said Countie of Denbigh with all and singuler the right? members and Appurtenances thereof. To have and to hold the same unto the said Sir Henry Hobart Sir James Fullerton Sir John Walter and Sir Thomas Trevor and thdr heires and assignes, To be holden of the said late King his heires and successors as of the Mannor of Eastgreenwich in the Countie of Kent by Fealtie onelie in free and c5mon Soccage and not in Capite nor by Knight? service And to the end that the said Land? Tenement? and Hereditament? might be the better allured and conveyed unto your said Subject? according to the purport and true meaning of the said last mendoned Composidon, our said late Soveraigne Lord in and by the said tres patent? Did give and graunt unto the said Patentees and their hdres and assignes full free lawfull and absolute power and authoritie without ympeachment from time to time. To give graunt or alien all and singuler the pmisses or any part thereof parcell of the said Lordshipps and Mannors as much as should seeme best to the said Patentees their Heires and Assignes for the tyme being to any pson or psons thdr Heires and Assignes in Fee Farme for such yearelie Rent? and services of and uppon the same Land? Tenement? and Hereditament? to be reserved as to the said Patentees thdr heires and assignes for the time being should seeme fitt, To be holden of the same Patentees their Hdres and Assignes as of the said Lordshipps and Mannors or any of them respectivelie, whereunto the said Land? Tenement? and Hereditament? so to be given graunted or aliened severallie and respectivelie did belong and appertaine in free and comon Soccage and not in Capite nor by Knight? service, as in and by the said last redted ires Patent? more at large appeareth.

May it therefore please your most excellent Majestie at the humble suite and petidon of your said Subject? That it may be enacted by your Majestie by and with the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Tempo rail and the Cdmons in this fPsent Parliament assembled. And be it enacted by the authoritie of the same, That the said ires Patent? before redted to be made to the said Sir Henry Hobart Sir James Fullerton Sir John Walter and Sir Thomas Trevor and their Heires and every Guift Graunt Power Authoritie Clause Article and Sentence therein contayned shalbe ratified and confirmed by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament and shall for ever hereafter be and remaine and shall be reputed taken and adjudged to be and to have been good pfed and effectuall in the Law for all thing? therein contayned according to the true intent and meaning of the same. The annexadon and uniting of the said fPmisses to the said Principalitie of Wales by the said first redted tres Patent? or any thing Clause or Sentence in the said tres Patent? mendoned or contayned or any other matter causeor thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it likewise enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all Guift? Graunt? and Alienadons alreadie made or at any time within two yeares now next ensuing to be made by the said Patentees or the Survivor or Survivors of them or by the Hdres or Assignes of than or the Survivor of them of any Land? Tenement? or Hereditament? in the said ires Patent? comprised and all Tenures Rent? and Services reserved by or uppon the same Guift? Graunt? and Alienadons and every of them, So that the Rent? and Services formerlie due or payable for the same be thereuppon reserved shalbe ratified and confirmed by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament and shalbe and remaine and shalbe reputed taken and adjudged to be good pfed and effectuall in the Law for all thing? therein contayned according to the true intent and meaning of the same and of the said ires Patent? made and graunted to the said

A.D. 162H.

3° Car. I. c. 6, 7.

33

Sir Henry Hobart Sir James Fullerton Sir John Walter and Sir Thomas Trevor and their Heires, The annexation and uniting of the said Lordshipps Mannors Land? and Tenementf of Bromfeild and Yale with the Appurten"ncf to the said Principalitie of Wales or any other matter cause or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. And that all and every pson and psons to whome any such Guift Graunt or Alienation hath bene or within the tyme aforesaid shalbe made and his and their Heires and Assignes &all and may have hold and for ever enjoy the Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf so to him or them given graunted or aliened as is aforesaid under and uppon the severall Rents and Services thereby reserved or to be reserved and according to the intent and true meaning of the said Guiftf Grauntf and Alienations without any Impeachment Let or Disturbance of or by your Highnes your Heires or Successors or of or by the said Patentees their Heires or Assignes or any of them or of or by anie pson or psons lawfiillie clayming by from or under your Majesde or the said Patentees or any of them.

Saving neverthelesse to all and every pson and psons bodies Pollitique and Corporate their Heires and Successors Executors and Administrators and every of them other then your most excellent Majestie your Heires and Successors and other then the said Patentees their Heires and Assignes all such Estatf Possessions Right Entryes Conditions Titles and Demaundf whatsoever as they or anie of them had shall may or ought to have of in to or out of the said Mannors Lands Tenementf and pmisses or any of them in such and the same Estate degree manner and forme to all intentf and purposes as if this Ati had not bene made.

CHAPTER VII.

(') An Act for the confirmation of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergie.

"XX7HERE the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury for divers weightie considerations respecting v v his Majesties extraordinary occasions have lovinglie and liberallie given and graunted to the Kings most Excellent Majestie five whole and entire Subsidies of foure shillingf in the pound to be taken and levied of all and singuler their pmocions Spirituall within the same Province at such dayes and tymes and in such certaine manner and forme and with such exceptions and pvisions as be specified and delivered in a certaine Instrument by them thereof made and delivered unto the Kings Majestie under the Seale of the most reverend Father in God George now Archbishopp of Canterbury and Primate of all England, which Instrument is now exhibited in this psent Parliament to be ratified and confirmed, The tenor whereof ensueth in theise words.

SERENISSIMO & Excellentissimo in Xpo Principi & Duo nfo elementissimo Duo Carolo Dei Gra Angi Scocie Frantie & Hitm Regi Fidei Defensori &c. Georgius pvidencia Divina Cantuar Archiepus tocius Angt Primas & Metropolitans omimodam obedientiam ac felicitatem & satteni in eo p quern Reges regnant & Principes dnant1. Inditisstine vre Regie Majestati p psens publicum instrumentum sive has tras nras testimoniales notum faciin9 & significant9 qd Prelati & Clerus Provincie nre Cantuar in Sacra Synodo Provinciali sive convocacbe vigore & authoritate bris vn Regij nob direct in Domo capitulari Ecctie vre Cathis Santii Pauli London Decimo odavo die Mensis Marcij Anno Dili juxta cursum & computacbem Ecciie Anglicane Mittimo sexcentesimo vicesimo septimo inchoata & celebrau ac de die in diem & loco in locum usqs ad & in diem Mercurij septimu vidett diem psentis Mensis Maij Anno Dili Mittimo sexcentesimo vicesimo otiavo post Meridiem continuata ac progata in Ecctia Collegiata Bti Petri Westm eodem septimo die psentis Mensis Maij legittime congregati p quibusdam gnvib3 & urgentibj causis p nos eis ppositis ac in? eos delibacoe matura ponderatis p defensione Regnop & Dfiio^ vestro^ sed k p cop eciatn erga Regiain vram sublimitatem obsequiosa observancia quing, spontanea ultronea k voluntaria Subsidia vie Regie Magnificencie unanimi eof consensu k assensu dederunt & concesserunt put tenore psentis publici Instrumenti (scriem concessionis timoi in se continentis) plenhis liquet & apparet. humili? & obnixe vre Regie Majestati supplicant ts quatenus hec eop quing Subsidia p vra cansueta dementia benigne accipiatis ac bene consule grose dignemini. Tenor vero dee concessionis de verbo in vbum sequitr k est talis.

Most gracious and most religious Soveraigne your Majesties faithfull Subjects the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury being called together by vertue of your Highnes Writt and orderlie assembled at this psent in a Provinciali Synode or Convocation well considering and maturelie weighing with themselves that dutie which by the Sacred Word of God they doe owe unto your Majestie as to their true naturall and gracious Soveraigne Lord, and that so much the more for the free passage of the holy Gospell amongest them which by Gods goodnes and your meanes they enjoy beyond all other nations, And knowing the incessant care and travaile of your Majesties minde for the well governing of this great people comitted by God to your charge, but most of all remembring the manifold expences whereat your Majestie is, and is dailie like more and more to be both for the honorable support of your Royall estate and for the necessary defence of this your Realme of England and your other Dominions against so many so mighty and so combined enemies, who not onelie hate our psons, but the verie Religion which wee pfesse ; as a testimonie of their trulie loyall affection and most bounden service with one uniforme accord and consent have given and graunted, and by theise psentf doe give and graunte to your Highnes your Heires and Successors five whole and intire Subsidies of foure shillingf in the pound in manner and forme following, That is ro saie. That every Archbishopp Bishopp Deane Archdeacon Provost Master of Colledge Prebendary Parson and Vicar and every other pson and p6ons of whatsoever name or degree he or they be within the Province of Canterbury having or enjoying any Spirituall Promotion or other Temporall possession to the same Spirituall

Voi~ V.

General Saving other than to the King and the Patentees.

Rot, Pdrl. nv. 3.

Recital of Grant of Five whole Subsidies.

Tenor of the Instrument.

Five whole Subsidies of 4s. iii the Pound ot> all Spiritual Promotions.

3° Car. I. c. 7.

A.D. 1627.

Benefices to be ▼alued according to Taxation of the Tenth under 26H.VIII.C.3. but to pay Subsidy on 9'ioth only.

Manner and Form and Times of Payment.

Fee to Receiver or other Officer.

Subsidy not payable for the Year in which First Fruits are paid.

Archbishops, &c. to be Collectors.

Collectors offering Payment, Officer to receive Money within Four Days, and give Receipt to Collector.

Promotion annexed now not divided nor seperated by ACte of Parliament or otherwise from the possession of the Clergie shall pay to your Highnes your Heires and Successors for every pound that he may yearelie receive and dispend by reason of the said Spirituall Promotion the some of foure shillingf for every of the said five Subsidies.

And for the true and certaine value of all the Promotions and every of them whereof the payment of theise five Subsidies shalbe made the Rate Taxation Valuation and Eftimacion now remayning of Record in your MatiM Court of Exchequer for the payment of a ppetuall Disme or Tenth graunted unto King Henry the eight of worthie memorie in the six and twentith yeare of his Reigne concerning such pmotion as now be in the possession of the Clergie shall onelie be followed and observed without making any other Valuacion Rate Taxation or Estimation then in the said Record is comprised. Provided alwaies, that forasmuch as the tenth part of the said Rate and Valuacion before mentioned is yearelie paid to your Highnes for the said ppetuall Disme or Tenth, so as there remaine onelie nyne parts yearelie to the Incumbent cleare, These five Subsidies of foure shillingf of the pound shall be understood and meant onelie of every full pound of the said nyne parts and nothing for any other mony not amounting to a full pound.

And your Prelatf and Clergie doe alsoe graunt that theise five Subsidies of foure shillingf of the full pound of the nine parts of the yearelie value of every Spirituall promotion aforesaid within the said Province taxed as is aforesaid shalbe payed to your Majestie your Heires and Successors in manner and forme following That is to saie, The first payment and moytie of the first of theise five Subsidies vidett, two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and uppon the first day of December which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred and thirtie, And the second payment and moytie of the first of the said five Subsidies, vidett two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and uppon the first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred thirtie and one, And the first paym* and moytie of the second of the said five Subsidies, vidett two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and uppon the first day of December then next and imediatelie following in the same yeare, And the second payment and moytie of the second of the said Five Subsidies, vidett two Shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and uppon the first day of June then next and ymediatelie following which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God, one thousand six hundred thirtie and two. And the first payment and moytie of the third of the said five Subsidies, vidett, two Shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and uppon the first day of December then next and imediatelie following in the same yeare. And the second payment and moirie of the third of the said five Subsidies, vidett, two shillingf of every full pound at and uppon the first day of June then next and imediatelie following which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred thirtie and three And the first payment and moytie of the fourth of the said five Subsidies, vidett, two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and uppon the first day of December then next and ymediatelie following in the same yeare, And the second payment and moitie of the fourth of the said five Subsidies, vidett, two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and uppon the first day of June then next and ymediatelie following which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred thirtie and foure And the first payment and moitie of the fist and last of the said five Subtidies, vidett, two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and uppon the first day of December then next and ymediatelie following in the same yeare. And the second and last payment and moytie of the fist and last of these five Subsidies to be due at and uppon the first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred thirtie and five to be delivered and paid by such pson and psons as in this psent Graunt shalbe appointed to have the Collection thereof to the Lord high Treasurer or Undertreasurer of England for the tyme being or to such pson or psons and in such place or places as shall please your Highnes to appoint to be paid vidett, The first payment of every of the said five Subsidies which shalbe due at and uppon the first day of December as aforesaid to be paid at or before the

last day of Februarie next following every of the aforesaid daies when the said paymentf or moyties shalbe due. And

the second payment of every of the said five Subsidies which shalbe due at and uppon the first day of June as

aforesaid to be made at or before the last day of August next following after every of the aforesaid daies when the

said paymentf or moyties shalbe due without paying any thing to the Receiver or any other pson or officer to be assigned for the receipt thereof for any acquittance or other discharge or dispatch uppon any such payment or receit of the said five Subsidies or any part thereof but onelie foure pence, and that to the Clerke for writing the Acquittance or discharge of every of the said paymentf.

Provided alwaies, that no pson which hereafter shalbe pmoted to any Benefice or spirituall promocion and shall compound with your Majestie your Heires or Successors for the first fruits of the same from the first day of December which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred and thirtie and on this side the first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred thirtie and five shalbe contributary or charged for the same Benefice or Promocion to your Highnes your Heires or Successors with any part of the said five Subsidies during the first yeare after the tyme of any such compounding for his first fruits.

Item your Highnes said Prelates and Clergie doe graunt, that every Archbishopp Bishopp (the See being void) every Deane and Chapter of that See void and none other pson or psons shalbe Collectors of the said five Subsidies within their pper Dioces during the tyme appointed for the Payment of the said five Subsidies.

And your said Prelates and Clergie doe most humblie beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted by your Majestie and your High Court of Parliament for the speedie payment of the said five Subsidies and to avoid delaies thereof that when and as often as any Collector or Collectors chargeable with the Collection of the said five subsidies or of any part of them or their or any of their Undercollector or UndercolleClors Deputie or Deputies or any of them shall offer the payment of the said five subsidies or of any part of them to the use of yottr Majestie your Heires

3° Car. I. c. T.

35

l62f

A.D. 1627-

>of*e

and

"Court a^n>oiSe i* shall ® the

1 More e nyoe

erstood

to

Jnd of orfcaid l* first * to be indred every lOne vidett and adies, and And id as eare. jund God dies, next lies, and ind ind ire; the ed he zh le )e

e

Auditors to take Account within Six Days after Request and make Allowances.

Delaying, See. so to do. Penalty j£ io.

Imprisonment until Penalty paid.

Power to Collectors to levy Subsidy, and may account for the same as the King and Exchequer shall appoint, as Archbishops, &c. account for the Tenth.

Archbishops, Sic. gathering and paying what they can, to be discharged for the rest.

or Succeaors to any peon or peons appointed to receive the same by your Highnes or by your Lord high Tresurer that the said peon or peons so appointed shall within foure daies next after such appointment receive or cause to be received the mony so offred to be paid without any further delay and deliver one sufficient Bill testifying the receipt thereof to the said Collector or his Undercolle&or or Deputie uppon every such particular payment. And that everie such Auditor as is or shalbe appointed to take or receive the account of any such Collector or Collectors or of their severall Undercolle&ors or Deputies shall within six daies next after request to him to be made trulie and indifferentlie take the said account and make allowance as by this Graunt is appointed, uppon paine that every such pson or p6ons appointed to receive the same s5me or somes of mony so offred and every such Auditor shall lose and forfeit for every default or delay to be made to the Collector or Collectors Undercolle&or or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies soe offering to make payment or account as is aforesaid the some of ten pounds of lawfull mony of England, the one moide thereof to be to your Majestie your Heires and Successors and the other

moyde to the said Collector or Collector Undercolleftor or Undercolle&ors Depude or Deputies so greived the

same to be paid uppon complaint to be made to the said Lord Tresurer or Undertresurer or to the Lord cheife Baron of your Majesties Court of Exchequer who uppon such complaint shall psentlie examine the matter and finding default shall comitt the offendor to Warde there to remaine untill he shall have paid the said severall somes so forfeited.

And for the better levying and recovering of the said Subsidies or any of them your said Prelates and Clergie doe likewise most humblie [beseech1] your Majestie that it may be enabled by your Majestie and your said High Court of Parliament in manner and forme following That is to saie That every Collector of the said Five Subsidies and of every part and parcell of them and their lawfull Undercolle&or or Undercolle&ors Deputie or Deputies may have full power and authoritie to use all such waies and meanes and pc esse as be pWibed in the A & of ppetuall Disme for the Colleccion and levying thereof and may make account of the same before the Lord High Treasurer or Undertresurer of England for the tyme being or any other Officer by your Highnes or your Court of Exchequer to be appointed for the same and in such place as your Majestie shall likewise assigne in such wise and after such

forme onelie as the said Archbishopp and Bishopps be now charged to make account for the said ppetuall Disme

and tenth. Whereby is meant that the lacke and default of payment of and for anie Spirituall promocion or promocions shall [onlie ’] charge such incumbent or incumbentf and such others as be bound to pay the same. And that the Archbishopp Bishopp Deane and Chapter gathering that which they can receive and making payment thereof shall for the rest not by them received be discharged by their Certificate to be made unto your Highnes Court of Exchequer for every of the aforesaid paymentf which shalbe due upon the first day of December in any of the aforesaid yeares at or before the last day of Februarie next and imediatelie following every of the aforesaid daies when every of the said paymentf shalbe due, And for everie of the foresaid paymentf which shalbe due uppon the first day of June in any of the foresaid yeares at or before the last day of August next and imediatelie following every of the aforesaid daies when the said paymentf shalbe due, and that six pence of every pound wherewith the Collector shalbe charged in his account clerelie to be paid into the Receipt of your Majesties Exchequer or into such other place as shall please your Highnes to appoint shalbe allowed to the said Collettor uppon his account for the same at every of the aforesaid severall tymes of payment for the charges of the said Colleccion Portage safe conveying and paying of the said five Subsidies.

And moreover, that it may be enacted likewise. That after any payment of the said five Subsidies shalbe once due Incumbent by vertue of this Graunt, if any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promocion Spirituall charged to the payment of any aktn^JSult;

of the said five Subsidies or any part thereof being at any tyme after that the same payment shalbe clue lawfully monished other psonallie or at his Dignitie Stall Church or Mansion house by the Archbishopp or Bishopp of the Dioces or his UndercolleSor or Undercolleftors Deputie or Deputies or by the Deane and Chapter (the See being *>roC€*,n&i* void) or by any of their Undercolleftor or UndercolleftOrs Deputie or Deputies authorized in that behalfe to appeare by himselfe or his Deputie at a certaine day and place of convenient distance to the said Incumbent then to be signified and pfixed and then and there to pay such part of the said five Subsidies for his Benefice or Promocion Spirituall or the whole, as then by vertue of this Graunt shalbe due, doe not either at the same day and place so to him signified and pfixed trulie content and pay or cause to be contented and paid such paymentf of the said five Subsidies as then by him shalbe due to be paid unto the same Archbishopp or Bishopp or to his UndercolleSor or Undercolle&ors Deputie or Deputies oi to the Deane and Chapter of any See being void or to their Undercolleftor or Undercolle&ors Deputie or Deputies or to one o them shewing sufficient deputacion from the said Archbishopp Bishopp or Deane and Chapter under his or their Seale in that behalfe being readie at the said day and place so sgnified and j?fixed to receive any payment of the said five Subsidies then due and openlie demaunding the same or ek pay every of the paymentf of the said five Subsidies given by this Graunte within fiftie daies next after anie such pfixed daies of warning at the furthest, soe that open demaund be made of every of the said paymentf of the said five Subsidies in and at the said place and day before p^fixed, That then every Incumbent so making default of any of the payments aforesaid wch shalbe due from [him *] for anie of the parts of the said five Subsidies aforesaid after such Such Deficit default thereof certified into your Majesties Exchequer in writing under the Seale and hand writing of any Archbishopp «rti6edinto or Bishopp or the comon Seale of the Deane and Chapter (the See being void) charged with the Colleccion of the said five Subsidies or any part of them, so that the said Certificate shalbe made according to the forme hereafter expressed and exhibited into your Majesties said Court of Exchequer videlt For every of the aforesaid paymentf of the said five Subsidies which shalbe due the first day of December in any of the aforesaid yeares at or before the lm diy of Februarie next following every of the aforesaid daies when every of the said paymentf shalbe due And

Sixpence in the Pound allowed to Collectors.

36

Penalty.

Form of Certificate of Default.

Form of Schedule referred to in Certificate.

Proviso for Tender of Payment by Incumbent, &c. before Certificate exhibited into the Exchequer.

Trial of Tender.

If Issue found for Incumbent he shall enjoy hit Promotion.

Quietus est to Archbishop, &c. being Collectors.

Fees for Quiet U6 est.

Refusing Quietus est, or taking a larger Fee.

3° Cab. I. c. 7. A.D. 1627.

for every of the iforesjdd paymentf which shalbe due [upon the first day of June in any of the aforesaid yeares at or before die last day of August next following every of the aforesaid daies when every of the aforesaid paymentf shalbe due as aforesaid shall forfeit ind lose to your Majestie your Heiresr and Successors all the proffittf which of that onelie Dignitie Benefice or Proitiodon for the which he maketh such default of payment and whereof such Certificate shalbe made shall come grow and arise unto him (over and above the charges of serving the Cure and the ahuall Tenth due to be paid out of the said Living) in one whole yeare next after such Certificate made and delivered unto your Highnes Court of Exchequer and there admitted in case the said Incumbent shall so long live: And that every such Certificate of any [such'] default of payment shalbe made according to the tenor and effeS ensuing (mutatis mutandis)

Honorabiliby & egregijs viris Dno Thesaurario & Baronibj de Sc*caio Illustrissimi Dili nH Dni Caroli Dei gra Angt Scocie FranC? & Hibn Regis fidei Defensoris &c.

Vester humilis J. pmissione Divina L* Epus authoritate & vigore cujusdam A6tus Parliamend Anno Regni dd Dni Regis quarto edit & pvis ad colligendum & levandum quinqs Subsidia eidem Dno Regi in eodem Parliamento p Prelatos & Clerum Cantuar Provincie concess videlt p prima soluebe primi Subsidij solvend primo die Decembris ultimo p^?it infra Dioces nram L. deputat & authorizat omimodam reverenciam tantis viris debitam cum honore. Vris revereneijs bap serie anuncio & c?tifico me pfatum Epm modo quo pfertr deputatum & authorizatum sufficient* & cum omi diligencia requtsivisse p N.O. Subcolledtorem seu deputatum meum in hac parte de quovis benefido & pmodoe eccfiastica in quadam Schedula psentiby annex spificat sumas solu£6is dd primi Subsidij p dds benefidjs & pmocbibj debitas & solvendas ddo primo die Decembris ultini p>?it, put in eadem Scedula p'sentibj annex plenius liquet & apparet. Sed dCfas sumas ex causis in eadem Scedula allegatis recipe non potui In cujus rd testimoniu Sigillum meum p*sentib3 apposui. Dat die mensis Anno Dili

The forme of which Schedule above mencioned ensueth.

Civitas L. vel Decanatus de H. A.B. Rector vel Vicarius ibidem monitus suit apud pMict

die nltim ptit p N. O. Subcolledtorem seu deputat meum ad solvend apud Ecctiam de L. in Com.

R. die px sequeii solueoem sive illam partem dci primi Subsidij p ipm debitam primo die

Decembris ultini ptit p pmocoe sua pdea: Sed pdCfus A.B. nec apud Ecctiam de L. pdict eodem

die nec alibi p quinquaginta dies postea sumam p ipm debitam ut pfertr solvit vel satisfecit neqs ddam sumam

de pficuis defe pmocois nec de bonis & catallis defi A. B. aliquo modo levare sive recipe potui.

Provided allwaies that if any Parson or Incumbent chargeable by this Act or Graunt to any payment of the said

five Subsidies or any part thereof shall proffer or tender payment of any sume due to the Archbishopp or Bishopp

or to the Deane and Chapter where the See is void or to any Undercolledor or Undercolledtors Deputie or Deputies of any Archbishopp Bishopp or Deane and Chapter aforesaid at anie tyme before the Certificate exhibited into the Exchequer as is aforesaid, that then notwithstanding the Certificate made as is aforesaid against any such pson against whome the said Certificate was so made shall and may averr the offer or tender of his payment as is aforesaid and of the same shalbe tried either by sufficient witnesses before the Lord Tresurer and Barons of the Exchequer or by the triall of twelve men uppon any issue thereuppon to be joyned betwixt the said Incumbent and any other pson or psons that he or any of them did offer or tender payment of the some due as aforesaid, which being found for the Incumbent then every such Incumbent shall have and enjoy his promocion or Promocions still without forfeiture or losing to your Majestie your Heires or Successors any the proffittf thereof, and as though no Certificate or default of any such payment had been made or exhibited, any thing in this pVent Graunt or ACte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And further that it may be enacted likewise that every Archbishopp and Bishopp and Deane and Chapter of every See vacant and other psons chargeable to and with the Collcccion of the said five Subsidies within the said Province of Canterbury shall and may have uppon every payment of the said five Subsidies made to the Lord high Tresurer or Undertresurer of England for the tyme being or to such other pson or psons in place and places to whome and where it shall please your Highnes or your Court of Exchequer to appoint for the receipt thereof at every of the aforesaid tymes of payment, a sufficient Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est in writing of the aforesaid Lord high Tresurer or Undertresurer or of such other pson or psons as either your Highnes or your said Court of Exchequer shall assigne for the receipt thereof or as heretofore in the like case it hath bene accustomed, the same acquittance discharge or Quietus est witnessing the receipt of so much of the same some of the said five Subsidies as shalbe soe received and every such acquittance discharge or Quietus est in writing subscribed with the name or names of the Lord high Treasurer or Undertresurer for the tyme being or of such Auditor or other pson or psons as it shall pleare your Highnes or your said Court of Exchequer to appoint for the same receipt or of such others as heretofore in like cases it hath byn used shall and may be good and effectuall in the Law and be also as sufficient a discharge to all and every the said Collectors to all such intentf construccions and purposes as if the same were made by Act of Parliament And that every of the said Collectors shall pay but onelie three shilling^ foure pence for every generall or finall acquittance discharge or Quietus est for every payment of the said five Subsidies. And if any pson so assigned shall refuse or delay to make such a generall or finall acquittance discharge or Quietus est for any payment of the said five Subsidies or shall take or require for the same any more then three shillingf foure pence Or if any other Officer of the Exchequer shall take or requier of any Collector or Collectors or of his or their Undercolle&or or Under collectors Deputie or Deputies in respect of the Colieccion payment or account of the said five Subsidies or any part of them for expedicion or for any other cause or ptence whatsoever concerning the same any Fees or sdmes of mony other then are before in this |?sent Graunt expressly allowed, unto them, shall

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1627.

3° Cab. I. c. 7

37

forfeit the some of ten Pound? of Uwfoil mony of England to be paid and recovered in like manner and to (he same uses as is before lymitted and expressed in this Graunt touching the like forfeiture of Receivors and Auditors, And also that every particular Acquittance which uppon any payment of the said five Subsidies shalbe made by anie Collector or CoUedors of the said five Subsidies or any payment of them or by his or their Undercolledor or Undercoltedort Depude or Deputies in that behalfe to any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promodon Spiritual! or to any peon or psoas contributary and chargeable to and with the said five Subsidies or any part or payment of them shall be good and effectuall in Law and a foil and sufficient discharge to every such Incumbent and other pson and his Benefice and pcnodon Spirituall of and for all such sdme and somes of mony as by the same acquittance shalbe acknowledged to be received in reaped of the same Benefice or pmodon Spirituall for any payment or any part of the said five Subsidies: And that none acquittance of any other pson or psons made before such Certificate, shall in any wise discharge any pson or pmodon for any [Part orpayment of the said five Subsidies nor of any paine penal tie or forfeiture specified in this Graunt.

Penalty, £io.

Particular

Acquittance by Collector to Incumbent, kc.

a full Discharge in Law.

Acquittances before Certificate not good.

And to the intent it may be knowen to the Court of Exchequer who be the UndercolleSor or Undercollectors Depude or Deputies of every such Archbishopp Bishopp or Deane and Chapter authorized to receive the same and to make acquittance thereof, every Archbishopp Bishopp and Deane and Chapter of any See being void shall yearelie together with their Certificates aforemendoned cerdfie the names of every the Undercolleftors or Depudes to be appointed as is aforesaid.

Provided alwaies that no ColleSor of the said five Subsidies or of any part of them shall use anie Frocesse or cotnpulsorie meanes or exact any Fees or somes of mony for the same or otherwise of anie pson for not paying the said five Subsidies or any part of them at such certaine day and place as shalbe by the Collector or his Undercofle&or or Depude jfPfixed in case the said pson shall tender the same unto the Collector or his Undercolleftor or Depude within twende daies next after such pfixed day, And that the said Collectors shall not by themselves or anie others take of anie pson for the receipt of any several! payment of the said five Subsidies* and for his acquittance thereuppon any more then foure pence by anie Colour or fPtext whatsoever.

Provided allwaies, that no Spirituall promodons nor any land? possessions or revenues annexed to the same being charged by this Graunte of the Province of Canterbury or any goods or chattell? growing bdng or renewing uppon the same or elsewhere appertaining to the owners of the said Spirituall promodons or to any of them shalbe charged or made contributary to any Fifteene or Tenth or to any other Subsidies alreadie graunted to your Highnes by the Laide or hereafter to be graunted during the tyme appointed by this graunt for the payment of the said five Subsidies.

Provided also that all Deanes Archdeacons Dignides Masters Wardens and Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches or any of them within the said Province shalbe charged with theise five Subsidies for those possessions revenues and pmocions onelie which to their severall pmodons dignides and roumes are clearelie and distin&lie lymytted, and to their onelie use severed thereof to pay (the tenth part being deducted) for every and each of the said five Subsidies foure shillingf of every full pound in manner and forme as is above rehearsed, And that all those rent? possessions proffitt? portions hereditament? and Spirituall pmocions and every of them heretofore by your Highnes or any of the King? or Queenes of this Realrae or any pson or psons whatsoever given graunted bequeathed devised or impropriated unto the said Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges or to anie of them, which any waies be assigned imployed or used either for or toward? the yearelie mayntenance of Readers of Divinitie Poore men Schoolemaisters Ushers Grammarians Petie Canons Condu&f Vicars chorall Singingmen Choristers Virgers Sextons or of other necessarie or dailie Officers or Ministers in such Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges or any of them or for or toward? the reedifying or repayring of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges shall not be charged with any part of these five Subsidies the certentie of which porcions as well chargeable [to theise five Subsidies as not chargeable'] in this behalfe the Archbishopp or Bishopp of the Dioces or (the See being void) the Deane and Chapter or any other to whome the same shall or may appertaine uppon due search and examination shall cerdfie under his or their Seale into your Highnes said Court of Exchequer at or before the severall daies aforesaid appointed for the payment of the said five Subsidies.

Provided alwayes that every Parson Vicar or other Spirituall peon, paying any Pension, whereof no allowance is, made in the valuation of his Promodon or Benefice shall and may retayne to his owne use and releife so much of every pound of every such Pension for every payment of theise five Subsidies as he standeth charged by this Graunt to pay for every part and payment of the said five Subsidies out of every pound for the whole valuadon of his Spirituall Promodon, any Covenant J&raunte or Bond to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, and your said Prelates and Clergie doe most humblie beseech your Highnes that it may be cni&ed by your Majesties authoride and your High Court of Parliament, that where certaine Land? Tenement? Rent? Spuall Promodons Tithes Pencions Pordons Fruit? and other Hereditament? latelie belonging to divers Cathedrall Churches and to other places Ecctiasdcall within the said Province of Canterbury which were given and assigned to be bellowed and spent in and on finding and maintayning of certaine Chauntries Anniversaries Obit? Light? Lampes and other like charges intent? and purposes of late come into the hand? and possession of the late King of famous memory Edward the sixt by force of a Statute thereof made in the first yeare of his raigne as by the said Statute more plainelie appeareth: that the Cathedrall Churches and the Bishopps Deanes or President? and Chapters and Prebendaries of the same and all other places and psons Eccfiasticall and every of them to whome the said Land? Rents and other the pmisses or anie of them did latelie appertaine shall not during the time appointed by this ,Graunt for payment of the said five Subsidies be charged to and with any payment of Subsidie of and for that part and pordon

Names of under CoUe&ors certified by Archbishop, kc.

Process not to issue within 20 Days after Day prefixed for Payment.

Fee to CoQe&nrs on Acquittance.

Spiritual Promotions, kc. not chargeable to any other Subsidy.

Deans,

Archdeacons,

&c. Prebendaries, kc. of Cathedrals, Colleges, kc. how chargeable.

Archbishop, kc. to certify Portions chargeable and not chargeable into Exchequer.

Proviso for Spiritual Persona paying Pensions.

Proviso for Lands, kc. formerly granted for Obits, kc. and come into the Hands of King E. VI. kc. and in Ad iE.VI. c.14.

L

3° Car. I. c.

A.D. 1627-

Proviso for the Universities; Colleges of Windsor, Westminster, Eaton, and Winchester; Hospitals, Free Schools, &c.

Proviso for Livings not above s£6. 13 s. 4d. yearly.

Livings of j£8. and not above g£io. yearly Value shall pay 6s. 8d. on each Subsidy.

Vicarages under g£8. Incumbent not charged.

Grant ratified by Parliament.

II. Power to Collectors to levy Subsidies by Censures of the Church, and by Sequestration, Distress, &c.

Farmers, &c. may retain Monies paid for their Lessors.

of Landes Tenementf Rents Spiritual pmocions and other Hereditamentf or any of them whereunto the said late [King *] by force of the said Statute was intituled or possessed of nor of any yearelie Rents or Paymentf going out of the said Cathedrall Churches and other the places and psons Ccciiasticall aforesaid : And that deduccion and allowance thereof be made to them and every of them accordinglie in and uppon every payment of the said five Subsidies out of the whole valuacion taxacion and estimation made for the payment of the said ppetuall Disme or Tenth remayning of Record in your Highnes Court of Exchequer as aforesaid for the rate and porcion of Lands Tenementf Rents Spirituall pmocions and other Hereditamentf and those yearelie paymentf whereunto the said late King was intituled or possessed of or which since the making of the said Statute by reason that they have byn found as Lands Tenementf Rents Tithes or other Hereditamentf concealed from the said late King Edward the fixt the late King Henry the eight the late Queene Mary the late Queene Elizabeth your late most Royall Father or any of them or from your Majestie or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the said Cathedrall Churches and other places and psons aforesaid or of any of them by force of the Statute pWsed or any otherwise.

Provided also, that the said five Subsidies graunted by the Clergie or any part of them shall not be demaunded or levyed out of any Benefice house of Students or Colledge scituate or set within either of the UnivWies of Oxford or Cambridge or any Benefice Lands or other Revenues unto the said UniPsities or either of them or to any house of Students or Colledge in anie of the said Uni verities united appropriated or appertayning or out of any Benefice Lands or Revenues of the Colledge of Windsor or of the Colledge of Westminster or of the Colledge of Eaton neere Windsor or of the Colledge called S* Maries Colledge by Winchester founded by William Wickham sometyme Bishopp of Winchester or of anie Hospitallf Aimes houses or Grammer Schooles or of any Church Benefice or other revenues to the said Colledges Hospitallf Aimes houses or Grammer Schooles or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwise appertayning.

Provided allwaies that all Parsons Vicars and all other Ecctiasticall psons whose Benefices are not above six pounds thirteene shillingf and foure pence by the yeare after the taxacion aforesaid shall not be charged with the said five Subsidies or any part of the same.

Provided also that every Viccar whose Benefice is eight Pounds or above and not above ten pounds by the yeare after the taxacion aforesaid shall pay unto your Highnes your Heires and Successors six shillingf and eight pence at every payment of the said five Subsidies at such tymes and to such psons as is aforesaid for his part of the said five Subsidies, And if any Viccaridge be under eight pounds by the taxacion aforesaid, the Incumbent shall not be charged with any part or payment of the said five Subsidies, and for the sure and true payment of the said five Subsidies graunted by your said Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury according to the tenour purport effect and true meaning of this psent Graunt, your said Prelates and Clergie most humblie desire your Highnes, that this their said Gift Graunt and five Subsidies and every matter s5me of mony Peticion Clause Provisions Reservacions and Sentences in this Instrument conteyned concerning the said five Subsidies may be ratified established and confirmed by the authoritie of your Highnes Court of Parliament.

In quo£ 01m & singuloj phnisso^ fidem & testimoniu Nos Georgius Archiepus Cantuar anted£us has psentes tras nras Testimoniales rive hoc psens publicum Instrumentum ad humilem rogatum Prelatop & Cleri pdict Sigilli nri appensione ac signo nole & subscripctte Johis Drake Notarij pubKci deputati Nichi Weston Registrarij nn principalis jussim9 & fecim9 comuniri, Dal d£fo septimo die mensis Maij Anno Diii miHimo sexcentesimo vicerimo octavo Regniq^ vri felicissimi Angt Scocie Franc & Hifen quarto & nre t*nslacois [Anno '] decimo octavo.

Wherefore for the true and sure payment of the said Subsidies graunted by the said Prelates and Clergie of the said Province of Canterbury according to the tenor effect and true meaning of the said Instrument. Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same that the said Guift and Graunte and every matter some of mony peticion provision clause and sentence in the same Instrument contayned shall stand and be ratified established and confirmed by the authoritie of this psent Parliament.

And further be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that every pson that shalbe appointed to the collecting and gathering of the said Subsidies shall have power and authoritie to levie take and pceive the said Subsidies by the Authoritie of the censures of the Church That is to saie by Suspension Excomunicacion or Interdiccion and also by Sequestradon of the fruits and proffittf of their Benefices and pmocions Spirituall in whose hands soever they be and to make sale of the same fruits without daunger of the Lawes of this Realme or by distresse uppon the possessions of the Farmors or occupiers of the Lands and Tenementf chargeable by the said Instrument for or to the payment of any some or somes of mony to be due by force thereof or otherwise by the discrecion of the Collector thereof, And that no Replevie Prohibicion or Supsedeas shalbe allowed or obeyed for any psons making default of the payment of the said Subsidies or any of them contrary to the tenor of the Graunt thereof untill such time as they have trulie satisfied and contented all such part and porcions as to them in that behalfe appertayneth And that every such Farmor and Farmors their Executors and Assignes that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to or with the payment of the said Subsidies or any part thereof shall by the Authoritie aforesaid be allowed and retaine in his hands as much of his yearelie Rent and Farme as the Sume which he shall fortune to pay for his Lord or Leasour shall extend unto (except that the said Farmor or Farmors their Executors or Assignes by the Lease and Graunt that they have of any part of the Lands Tithes Proffittf or Tenementf chargeable to the said Subsidies or by force of any Covenant or Article therein contayned be bound and charged to pay the same, and thereof to discharge the Leasour and Landlord during the terme mencioned in the said Lease.)

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1627.

3° Car. I. c. 7, 8.

39

And likewise be it enacted by the authoritie of this pfeent Parliament, That whereas divers Curates liable to the Subsidies being oftentimes removeable doe serve aswell in divers Impropriacions belonging to the Kings Majestie as in ocher Spirituall promocions belonging to other peons that for the speedie recovery of the said Subsidies it may be Uwfull to the said Collector or Collectors of the said Subsidies their Depude or Depudes to levie the said Subsidies uppon the Farmor or Farmors or occupiers of all such Impropriacions or Spirituall promocions by all censures of the Church aforesaid and every of them or by way of distresse of Tithes of the said Impropriacion or Impropriafttas and Spirituall promocions or otherwise uppon the Goods and Chattellf of the said Farmor or Farmors and Occupiers: in which case no inhibidon prohibidon Replevie or other pcesse awarded to the contrary shalbe obeyed Any Lawes Statutf Priviledges or Customes to the contrary hereof heretofore made graunted or used or hereafter to be made grmunted or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, And that it may be l&wfull to the Collector or other Officers and Ministers of such Archbishopp Bishopp Deane and Chapter for not payment of the said Subsidies after the same shalbe due in or at any [of the said*] tymes of payment to prise and value the said Distresse and Distresses by two indifferent neighbours by him to be chosen and the Distresse and Distresses so prised to sell and thereof to detaine so much mony as shall amount to the some payable to the Kings most excellent Majestie with the reasonable charges also of the said Collectors susteined in that behalfe, and the rest of the mony made of the said Distresse to be delivered and paid to the Owner and Occupier thereof.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that every Lay pson having Spiritual! promotion chargeable by this Acte and also having Temporall possessions Goods Chattellf and Debts charged to the said Subsidies graunted in this Parliament by the Temporaltie shalbe taxed charged and sett for his said Spirituall promocions with the Clergie and his Temporall possessions and Chattellf reall with the Temporaltie and not otherwise, any thing before mencioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that all and every graunt and graunts of all and every s5me and somes of mony graunted or which hereafter shalbe graunted to the Kings Majestie by the Clergie of the Province of Yorke shalbe of the same strength force and effect in all things as the said graunt made by the said Province of

Canterbury and shalbe taxed certified collected levyed gathered and paid according to the tenor forme and effect

of this pWnt Act of Parliament to all intentf construccions and purposes in such manner and forme as though it were spiallie plainelie and particularlie expressed and rehearsed in this pWnt Ad by expresse words termes and sentences in their severall natures and kindes.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that all pvisions before rehearsed contayned or to be contayned in the said Graunt of the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury and the like of

the same Provisoes [contayned1] in the said Graunt of the Prelatf and Clergie of the Province of Yorke shalbe

good and effectuall and to be observed and kept in every point and article according to the purport and true meaning of the same.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte for the Graunt of five entire Subsidies graunted by the Temporaltie.

MOST gracious Soveraigne wee your Majesties most humble and loyall Subjedf the Comons in your High

Court of Parliament now assembled, having dulie considered the many and weightie occasions, which at this tyme doe presse your Majestie and require a greater expence of Treasure then your owne ordinarie Revenew can supply both for the defence of your kingdome at this tyme more then in our memory endaungered by forreine Enemies, as also for the assistance of your Majesties freindes and Allies abroad especially of those who to our great greife are much affiifted and distressed : And in most thankefull acknowledgment of your Majesties great goodnes

many waies expressed in your just and tender care of the welfare of your people doe humblie psent your Majestie

with a free and cheerefull Guift of five entire Subsidies to be paid within one yeare.

And therefore wee humblie beseech your Majestie, That it may be enacted and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and C5mons in this j?sent Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same, that our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors shall have receive and enjoy five entire Subsidies to be rated taxed levied and paid at sower severall paymentf of every pson Spirituall and Temporall of what estate or degree he or they be of according to the tenor of this Act in manner and forme following That is to saie, That aswell every pson borne within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions as all and every Fratemitie Guild Corporacion Misterie Brotherhood and Comonaltie Corporate and not Corporate within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions being worth three pounds aswell in coyne and the value of every pound that every such pson Fratemitie Guild Corporacion Misterie Brotherhood arid Comonaltie corporate [and *] not corporate hath of his or their owne, or any other hath to his or their use. As

also in Plate stocke of Merchandize all manner of come and graine houshold stuffe and of all other Goods

moveable aswell within this Realme as without and of all such somes of mony as to him or them is or shalbe owing whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience surely to be paid (except and out of the pmisses deducted such

somes of money as he or they doe owe and in his or their consciences intend trulie to pay, and except also the

apparel! of every such psons their wives and children belonging to their owne bodies (saving jewellf gold silver stone and pearle) shall pay to, and for every of the said Subsidies two shillingf eight pence of every pound.

1 interlined on the Roll. or O.

III.

Subsidies may be levied by Distress on Farmer* of Impropriations.

Sale of Distrr*s.

IV.

How Lay Impropriators shall be charged for their Spiritual and Temporal Possessions.

V.

This Act extended to the Subsidy of the Province of York.

VI.

Provisions in the Grants of the Clergy declared valid

Rot. Pari, nu. 2.

Grant of Five entire Subsidies : viz. on Personal Estate (after Payment of Debts. &c.) is, 8d. in the Pound.

40

3° Car. I. c. 8.

A.D. 1627.

Aliens, and Popish Recusants Conri& 5s.4d.in the Pound.

Poll Tax on Aliens fend Popish Recusants Convict not contributing as above, 8d.

II.

Five Subsidies on Real Estates, 4s. in the Pound.

Aliens and Popish Recusants Convict 8s. in the Pound.

Plate, &c. held for Corporations to be rated.

Lands, Corodies, Fecsy &c.

Proviso for Ornaments, &c. of Churches and Chappels.

HI.

Timet of rating First and Second Subsidies.

Third Subsidy*.

Fourth Subsidy. Fifth Subsidy.

Sums of Money and the Names of Persons chargeable to the First Two Subsidies and of the Names of High Collectors certified to Exchequer before 9th July next.

And also every Alien and Straunger borne out of the Kings obeysance as well Denizens as others inhabiting within this Realme and also every Popish Recusant convict or which before the tyme of the Assessment of the severail Subsidies by this psent Act graunted shalbe a Popish Recusant convict or which are or shalbe indicted for Popish Recusancie and their Indiftmentf either are or shalbe removed by Cerciorari or being not removed shall not by apparance and traverse legallie discharge their said Indiftmentf at the next Assizes or within two generall Sessions of the Peace where the said psora shalbe indicted respectivelie of every pound that he or they shall have in coyne and the value of every pound in plate come graine merchandize housholdstuffe or other goods jewellf chattellf moveables and unmoveable as is aforesaid aswell within this Realme as without and of all somes of mony to him or them owing whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience to be paid (except and out of the pmisses deducted every such some and somes of mony which he or they doe owe and in his or their conscience or consciences intend trulie to pay) shall pay to and for every of the said severail Subsidies five shillingf and sower pence of every pound. And also that every Alien and straunger borne, borne out of the Kings Dominions being denizen or not denizen not being contributorie to any the Rates aforesaid and being of the age of seaven yeares or above And every Popish Recusant convict or which before the tyme of the assessement of the severail Subsidies by this (1) Act graunted shalbe a Popish Recusant convict, and being of the age of seaventeene yeares or which being of the age of one and twentie yeares, hath not received the holy Comunion within one yeare then last past shall pay to and for every of the said severail Subsidies eight pence for every poll. And the master or he or she with whome the said Alien is or shalbe abiding at the tyme of the taxacion or taxacions thereof to be charged with the same for lacke of payment thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every pson borne under the Kings obeysance, and every. Corporacion Fraternitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood & C5monaltie corporate or not corporate for every pound that every of the same psora and every Corporacion Fraternitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood and Comonalty corporate or not corporate, or any other to his or their use hath in Fee simple Fee taile for terme of life terme of yeares by Execucion Wardshipp or by Copie of Court Roll of and in any Honors Castles Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Services Hereditamentf Anuides Fees Corrodies or (a) yearelie proffittf of the yearelie value of twentie shillingf as well within auncient demesne and other places priviledged as elswhere and so [upward 3] shall pay to and for every of the said five Subsidies foure shillingf of and for every pound And every Alien denizen or not denizen borne out of the Kings obeysance and every Popish Recusant convict of what estate or degree soever they be of, or which before the tyme of the assessement of the severail Subsidies by this psent Act graunted shalbe a Popish Recusant convict or which shalbe indicted for Popish Recusancie and their indiftmentf are or shalbe removed by Cerciorari or being not removed, shall not by apparance and traverse legallie discharge their said indiftmentf at the next assizes or within two general! Sessions of the peace where the said psons shafbe indicted respectivelie in such case to pay to and for every of the said five severail Subsidies eight shillingf for every pound, And that all somes to be f?sented and chargeable by this Act either for goods and debts or either of them or for Lands Tenementf and other the pmisses as is in this Act conteyned shalbe at every of the said Paymentf set and taxed after the rate and pporcion according to the true meaning of this Act, Landes and Tenementf chargeable to the dismes of the Clergie and yearelie wages due to servantf for their (4) service (other then the Kings servantf taking yearelie wages of five pounds or above) oneiie excepted and foreprised, And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goods Debts and Chattellf psonallf and all Lands Tenementf and other the phnisses as aforesaid being in the rule and custodie of any pson or psons to the use of anie Corporacion Fra?nitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood or anie Comonalrie being corporate or not corporate be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Act at the value Stified by the presenters in their Certificate for every pound in goods and debts as is aforesaid. And for every pound in Lands Tenementf Aiiuities Fees Corrodies and other yearelie pffittf as is aforesaid, and the somes that are above rehearsed sett and taxed to be levied and taken of them that shall have such goods in custodie or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehearsed, And the same pson and psora and bodies corporate by authoritie of this Act shalbe discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or deliverie thereof or at his otherwise departure from the custodie or possession of the same. Except and alwaies foreprised from the charge and assessement of the said Subsidies all Goodes Chattellf Jewellf and Ornamentf of Churches and Chappies, which have been ordained and used in Churches and Chappellf for the honor and service of Allmightie God.

And the first two of the said five Subsidies shalbe by authoritie aforesaid taxed sessed and rated according to this Act in every Shire Riding Lath Wapentake Rape Citie Borough Towne and everie other place within this Realme of England Wales and other the Kings Dominions before the last day of June now next coming, And the third of the said five Subsidies shall by the authoritie aforesaid be taxed sessed and rated before the twentith day of September now next ensuing, And the fowerth of the said five Subsidies shall by the authoritie aforesaid be taxed sessed and

rated before the thirtith day of November next coming, And the fist and last of the said Subsidies shall by the

authoritie aforesaid be taxed sessed and rated before the tenth day of February now next ensuing. And the

pardcular somes of every Shire Riding Borough Towne and other place aforesaid with the particular names of such

a9 are or shalbe chargeable to and for the payment of the said two first of the said five Subsidies to be taxed and set by the Comissioners for the same to be lyinitted or two of them at the least with the names of the high Collectors and in the same forme shalbe ?tified into the Kings Exchequer before the nyneth day of July next cSming. And the particular sdmes of every Shire Riding Borough Towne and other places aforesaid with the particular names of such as are chargeable for the third of the said five Subsidies to be taxed and set by the Comissioners for the same to be lymitted or two of them at the least with the names of the high Collectors and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer before the tenth day of October next coming, And the particular somes

1 present O. * other O. i upwards O. 4 yearly 0.

A.D. 1627.

3° Car. I. c. 8.

41

of every Shire Riding Borough Towne and other Places aforesaid with the particular names of such as are chargeable for the fowerth of the said five Subsidies to be taxed and set by the C5missioners for the same to be lymitted or two of them at the least with the names of the high Collectors and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer before the tenth Day of December next coming And the particular somes of every Shire Riding Borough Towne and other places aforesaid with the particular names of such as are chargeable for the fist and last of the said Subsidies to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners for the same to be lymitted or two of them at the least with the names of the high Collectors And in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer before the twentith Day of Februarie next coining. And the same somes in forme aforesaid to be taxed to and for the payment of the said two first of the said five subsidies shalbe paid in one entire some into the Kings receipt of the Exchequer aforesaid to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord at or before the tenth day of July now next coming, And the said somes in manner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the payment of the third of the said five subsidies shalbe paied in one indre some into the Kings receipt of the Exchequer aforesaid to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord at or before the twentith day of October now next coming, And the said somes in manner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the payment of the fowerth of the said five Subsidies shalbe paid in one intire some into the Kings receipt of the Exchequer to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord at or before the twentith day of December now next [coming,*] And the said somes in manner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the payment of the fist and last of the said five Subsidies shalbe paid in one intire some into the Kings receipt of the Exchequer to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord at or before the first day of March now next coming, And the somes abovesaid of and for the said Subsidies shalbe taxed set asked and denuiunded taken gathered levied and paid to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord his Heires and Successors in forme aforesaid aswell within Liberties Francheses Sanctuaries Auncient [demesnes1] and other whatsoever places exempt or not exempt as without (except such Shires places and psons as shallnj foreprised in and by this psent Ad) any Graunt Charter Prescripcion Use or Libertie by reason of any tres Patentf or other Priviledgc Prescripcion Allowance for the same or whatsoever other matter or discharge heretofore to the contrary made graunted used or obtayned notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted by authoritie of this pfeent Parliament, that every such pson aswell such as be borne under the Kings obeysance as every other pson Stranger borne Denizen or not Denizen inhabiting within this Realme or within Wales or other the Kings Dominions, which at the tyme of the same assessingf or Taxadons or any or every of them to be had or made shalbe out of this Realme or out of Wales and have goods chattellf lands or tenementf Fees or anilities or other pffittf within this Realme or in Wales shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitantf of the place where such Goods chattellf lands tenementf or other the p>misses then shalbee or in such place where such pson or psons or his or their Fador Deputy or Attorny shall have his or their most resort unto within this Realme or in Wales in like manner as if the said pson were or had byn at the tyme of the said assessing within this Realme. [And that every pson abiding or dwelling within or without this Realme3] shalbe charged and chargeable to the said severall Subsidies graunted by this Act according and after the rate of such yearelie substance or value of lands or tenementf goodes chattellf and other the pWsses, as every pson so to be charged shalbe set at, at the tyme of the said assessing or taxacion uppon him to be made and no otherwise.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that for the assessing and ordering of the said five severall Subsidies to be duly had the Lord Chauncellor of England or the Lord Keeper of the great Seale, the Lord Tresurcr of England the Lord President of the Kings Councell the Lord Privie Seale the Lord Admirall of England the Lord Steward of the Kings houshold and the Lord Ghamberlayne of the Kings most honorable Houshold for the Tyme being or two of them at the least (whereof the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper of the great Seale for the tyme being to be one) shall and may name and appoint of and for every Shire Riding and other Places aswell within this Realme as within Wales and other the Kings Dominions, as also of and for every Citie and Towne being a Countie of it selfe and of and for the Isle of Wight such certaine nomber of psons of every of the same Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Towne and Isle of Wight and every other Place as they shall thinke convenient to be Comissioners of and within the same place whereof they bee inhabitantf, and also of and for the honorable houshold of the Kings Majestie, in what Shire or other place the said houshold shall happen then to be. And the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper of the great Seale for the tyme being and other with him before named or two of them as is aforesaid in like manner may name and appoint of every other such Cittie Borough and Towne corporate aswell in England as in Wales and other the Kings Dominions as they shall thinke fitt and requisite sixe five sower three or two of the head Officers and other honest inhabitantf in every of the said Citties Boroughes and Townes corporate according to the nomber and multitude of the people being in the same, The which psons (if any such be) thereunto named of the said Inhabitantf of the said Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate not being Counties of themselves shalbe joyned and put in as Comissioners with the psons named for such Shires and Ridingf as the said Cities Boroughes and Townes corporate not being Counties in themselves be set and have their being: Which psons soe named of and for the said Cities Boroughes and Townes corporate not being Counties by reason of their dwelling in the same shall not take uppon them or any of them to put any part of their Comission in execucion for the p^misses out of the said Cities Boroughes and Townes corporate wherein they be soe named nor to execute the said Comission within the Citie Burrough or Towne corporate where they shalbe so dwelling, but at such daies and tymes as the said other Comissioners for the same Shire or Riding shall thereunto lymitt and appoint within the said Citie Borough and Towne corporate not being a Countie whereof they be soe named and not out of the said Citie Borough or Towne and in that manner to be ayding and assisting with the said other Comissioners in and for the good executing of the effefl of the said Comission uppon paine of every of the said Comissioners soe named for every such Citie Borough and Towne corporate not being a Countie to make such Fine as the said other

• ensuing O. 4 demesne O. 3 inlcrliucd on *Jic Roll.

M

Subsidies paid into Exchequer in one intire Hum.

Payments in Liberties, &c.

VI.

Absentees whether Natives or Aliens charged by Certificate of Inhabitants of the Place.

Rule by which they are to be charged.

VII. Commissioners to be appointed by Lora Chancellor and other great Officers.

Commissioners not to execute Act out of their Limits.

V^-

3° Car. I. c. 8.

A.D.m7-

Certificate by Commissioners into the Exchequer.

VIII. Sach Commissioners aot to have Feet.

Several

directed out of Chancery.

Schedules delivered to Commitnooert.

CommiaooDert to divide themselves.

Commissioners not compellable* to act out of their Shires.

IX. Commissioner bang a Popish Recusant* he.

or not having a Mansion-house* he.

AAkig, Penalty jf i oo

X.

Comnnssionert to execute Act according to the Tenor thereof.

Comissioners in the Comission of and for the same Shire or Riding so named or three of them at the least shall by their discretions set and certifie into the Kings Exchequer there to be levied to the use of the King? Majestic in like manner as if such or like somes had byn set and rated uppon every such peon for the said Subsidies.

The which Comissioners so named of and for the said Cities Boroughes and Townes not bring Counties* and onelie put into the said C5missions by reason of their dwelling in the same* shall not have any part or pordon of the Fees [or'] rewardf of the Comissioners and their Clerkes in this Act [afterward? *] specified and allowed. And the Lord Chauncellor of England or Keep of the great Seale of England for the tyme bring shall make and direct out of the Court of Chauncery under the great Seale severall Comissions, That is to saie, for every Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Gtie Towne Borough Isle and the said boushold unto such pson and psons as by his discredon and such of the other with him before named and appointed as is before rehearsed shalbe thought sufficient for the sessing and levying of the said five severall Subsidies in all Shires and Places according to the true meaning of this Act, which Comissions for the payment of the said two first of the said Subsidies shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them before the twentith day of June now next coining* And the Comission for the payment of the third of the said five Subsidies shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them before the last day of the Moneth of August now next c5ming. And the Comission for the payment of the fourth of the said five Subsidies shalbe directed and delivered to the said Cdmissioners or to one (J) before the tenth day of November next coming, And the Comission for the payment of the fifth and last of the said Subsidies shalbe directed and delivered to the said Cdmissioners or to one of them before the twentith day of Januarie now next ensuing. And to every of the said Comissions tenne Schedules conteyning in them the tenor of this Act shalbe affiled. And for the Comissioners better discovery of Popish Recusant? severall Schedules shalbe delivered unto them with their severall Comissions out of the Exchequer and Certificates from the Clerkes of the Assizes and of the Peace and other the like Officers and from the Ministers and Churchwardens of every Parishe of the names of such Popish Recusant? as are to be charged by this Act, By the which Cdmission the Cdmissioners in every such Comission named according to this Acte and as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission shall have full power and authoritie to put the effect of the said Comission in Execudon And that by authoritie of this Acte after such Comission to them delivered they may by their assent? and agreement? sever themselves for the execudon of their Comission [by4] Hundred? Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Parishes and other Places within the lymitt? of the said Cdmission in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered and betweene them to be edmuned and agreed according to the tenor and effect of the Cdmission to them therein directed* Uppon which severance every pson of this p*sent Parliament that shalbe Cdmissioner shalbe assigned to the Hundred where he dwelleth. Provided alwaies that no pson be or shalbe nominated or appointed to be any Cdmissioner to or for the execudon of this pWnt Act* but onelie in the Shire where he hath a Mansion house wherein he or his familie have resided and inhabited by the greatest part of three yeares last past* And that any pson assigned to the contrary thereof in any wise shall not be compelled to put in execudon the effect of this Act or anie part thereof.

Provided alwaies* and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that if any pson or psons shalbe named a Cdmissioner or Cdmissioners for the assessing or ordering of the said five Subsidies or anie part of them that either shalbe a Popish Recusant that hath forborne [to repay re1] to some Church Chappell or usuall publike place of Comon Prayer to heare divine Service by the space of six moneths next before the end of this Session of Parliament* Or that hath not in his or their owne possession and occupadon a Mansion house wherein he or they or his or their lamily or families or part of them have resided for the most part of three yeares next before the end of this Session of Parliament scituate and being within the Countie wherein he or they shalbe named a Cdmissioner or Cdmissioners as aforesaid and shall by vertue or colour of such Comission take uppon him or them to assesse or order any of the said five Subsidies or anie part of them shall forfeit for every time that he or they shall take uppon him or them to assesse or order any of the said five Subsidies or any part of them the sdme of one hundred pound? of lawfull mony of England* The one Moytie to be to the use of the poore within the Countie or within the Riding or Division of the Countie wherein he or they shall offend contrary to this Act* and the said Moitie shalbe disposed of by the Cdmissioners of the Peace within the said Countie Riding or Division or by the greater nomber of them at their generall Sessions of the Peace to be holden within the said Countie Riding or Division where the offence shalbe comitted as aforesaid and the other moytie to such pson or psons as shall sue for the same in any Court of Record by Accion of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacion wherein no Essoyne Proteccion or Wager of Law shalbe allowed.

And be italsoe enacted by [the5] authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, that the Cdmissioners and every of them which shalbe named lymitted and appointed according to this Act to be Cdmissioners in every such Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Borough Isle and the said houshold or any other place and none other shall trulie effectuallie and diligentlie for their Part? execute the effect of this psent Act according to the tenor thereof in every behalfe and no otherwise by anie meanes without omission favour dread malice or anie other thing to be attempted or done by them or anie of them to the contrary thereof, And the said Cdmissioners or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Cdmission and none other for the execution of the said Cdmission and Act shall for the taxacion of the said two first of the said five Subsidies before the five and twentith day of June next coming And for the taxacion of the third of the said five Subsidies shall before the tenth day of September next ensuing* And for the taxacion of the fourth of the said five Subsidies shall before the twentith day of November next coming And for the taxacion of the fist and last of the said Subsidies shall before the one and thirtith day of January next

A.D. 1627-

3° Car. I. c. 8.

43

earning by vertue of the Cdmisaon delivered unto them in forme aforesaid direct their several! or joynt Precept or Preceptf unto eight feaven sixe five foure three or two (as for the nomber of Inhabitantf shalbe requisite) of the substandall discreet and honest psons inhabitantf to be named by the said Comissioners or by as many of than as shalbe appointed by the said Cdmission of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes Townes and other Places aswell within Libties Francheses Ancient demesne places exempted and Sanctuaries as without within the lymittf of the Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughs and Isle aforesaid and other places within the lymittf of their Cdmission and to the Constables Subconstables Bayiiffif and other like Officers and Ministers of every the said Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and other places aforesaid as to the said Comissioners and every nomber of them or to three or two of them by their discrecion m division shall seeme expedient and as by the manner and use of those parts shalbe requisite, straightly by the said Precept charging and coma unding the said Inhabitantf Constables and other Officers aforesaid to whome such Precept shalbe soe directed to appeare in their pper psons before the said Cdmissioners or such nomber of them as they shall divide themselves according to the tenor of the said Cdmission at certaine dayes and Places by. the said Comissioners or any such nomber of them as is aforesaid within Cities Boroughes [and'] Townes corporate or without in any other places as is aforesaid by their discrecion to be lymitted thereunto to doe and accomplish all that to them on the part of the Kings Majestie shalbe enjoyned touching this Act Cdmaunding further by the same Precept that he to whose hands such Precept shall come, shall shew and deliver the same to the other Inhabitantf or Officers named in the same Precept, And that none of them faile to accomplish the same uppon paine of sortie shillingf to be forfeited to the Kings Majestie.

And it is further ordeyned by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament that at the said day and place pfixed and lymited in the said Precept every of the said Comissioners then being in the Shire and not having sufficient excuse for his absence at the day and place pfixed for that [place1] whereunto he was lymitted shall appeare in his owne pper pson and there the same Cdmissioners being psent or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Kings Majesties Cdmission shall call or cause to be called before them the said Inhabitantf and officers to whome they have directed their said Preceptf and which had in comaundement there to appeare by vertue of the said pcept. And if any pson so warned make default unles he then be letted by sicknesse or lawfull excuse and that let be then witnessed by the oathes of two credible psons, or if any appearing refuse to serve in forme following, Then every such pson so making default or refusing to serve shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie sortie shillingf, and soe at every tyme appointed by the said Comissioners for the said severall Taxacions untill such tyme the nomber of every such psons have appeared and certified in forme underwritten every of them soe making default or refusing to serve shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie sortie shillingf, and uppon the same appearance had they shalbe charged before the Cdmissioners by all convenient waies and meanes (other then by corporall oath) to enquire of the value of the substance after the usuall manner of every pson dwelling and abiding within the lymittf of the places that they shalbe charged with, and of other which shall have his or their most resort unto any of the said places and chargeable with any some of mony by this Act of the said Subsidies and of all other things requisit touching the said Act and according to the intent of the same, and thereuppon as neere as it may be or shall come to their knowledge without respect of any former taxacion heretofore had truiie to psent and cerdfie before the said Cdmissioners the names and surnames and the substance and values of every of them after the usuall manner as aforesaid as well of Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf possessions andproffittf [ands] of goods chatteiif debts and other things chargeable by the same Ade without any concealment love favour affecdon dread or malice upon paine of forfeiture of five pounds or more to be taxed extracted and levied in forme as hereafter in this psent Ad shalbe lymitted or appointed And thereuppon the said Comissioners shall openlie there reade or cause to be read unto them the said rates in this Act mend&ned and openlie declare the effect of their charge unto them in what manner and forme they ought and should make their Certificates according to the rates and somes thereof abovesaid and of all manner of psons as well Aliens and Scraungers Denizens or not Denizens inhabiting within this Realme as of such Popish Recusantf and others psons as be borne under the Kings obeysance chargeable to this Act and of the possessions goods and chatteiif of Fraternities Guilds Corporations Brotherhoodf Misteries Comonalries and other as is abovesaid and of psons being in the parts beyond the Seas having Goodes and Chatteiif Lands or Tenementf within this Realme as is aforesaid and of all goods being in the Custodie of any pson or psons to the use of any other as is abovesaid, by the which Informadon and shewing the said psons may have such plaine knowledge of the true intent of this psent Ad and of the manner of their Certificate, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance. And after such charge and the Statute of the said Subsidies and the manner of the said Certificate to be made in writing conreyning the names and surnames of every pson and whether he be borne without the Kings Dominions or within and the value of every pson in every degree as well of the yearelie value of Lands and Tenementf and of such like possessions and proffittf as of the value of goods and chatteiif debts and every thing to their Certificate requisite and necessarie to them declared the said C5missioners there being shall by their discredons lymitt and appoint unto the said p6ons another day and place to appeare before the said Comissioners and charging the said psons that they thall in the meane tyme make diligent inquiry by all waies and meanes of the pmisses, and then and there every of them uppon paine of forfeiture of sortie shillingf to the Kings Majestie to appeare at the said next pfixed day and place there to cerdfie unto the said Cdmissioners in writing according to their said charge and according to the true intent of the said Graunt of Subsidie and as to them in manner aforesaid hath byn declared and shewed by the Cdmissioners, At which day and place so to them pfixed if any of the said psons make default or appeare and refuse to make the said Certificate then every of them so offending to forfeit to the Kings Majestie sortie shillingf (except there be a reasonable excuse of his default by reason of his sicknes or otherwise by the oathes of two credible psons

1 or O. * pte O. * a* 0.

Commissioners to direct Precept! to certain Number of Inhabitants of Hundred!, Sec. to appear before Commiawoncra.

Persons who receive Precept! are to shew such, Precept* to the other Inhabitants named therein. Penalty 40s.

XI.

Persona named in such Precepts to appear before the Commissioners.

Such Persons making Default or refusing to serve.

Penalty 40s.

Penalty 40s.

Oath not allowed on Inquiry into the Substance of Persons liable to be charged.

Penalty.

Commissioner! to read Rates openly.

and after such Charge,

Commissioners to limit another Day.

Persons not attending. Penalty 40s.

Penalty 40s.

44

3° Car. I. c. 8.

A.D. 1627,

Commissioners to examine Presenters.

Further Proceedings on Assessments.

Commissioners stispecting greater Substance or Value than specified.

to order personal Appearances of Persons charged.

Such Persons not appearing,

Penalty double Value of Rate.

Oath not allowed on Inquiry into Substance of Persons liable to be charged.

Spiritual Persons how rated for Temporal Possessions.

XII.

Proviso as to Englishmen being Nobility of Scotland and Ireland only residing in England.

XIII.

Assessors

misbehaving.

Commissioners may set a Fine upon them.

Estreated into the Exchequer.

XIV. Remedy for Persons aggrieved by the Assessment.

there witnessed) and of such as appeare ready to make Certificate as is aforesaid the said Comissioners there being shall take and receive the same Certificate and every part thereof and the names values and substance of every pson so certified, And if the said Comissioners see cause reasonable they shall examine the said Presenters thereof, and thereupon the said Cdmissioners at the said daies and place by their agreement amongest themselves shall from tyme to tyme there openlie p*fixe a day at a certaine place or places within the lymittf of their Comission by their discretion for their further pceeding to the said assessing of the same Subsidies And thereuppon at the said day of the said Certificate as is aforesaid taken the same Comissioners shall make their Precept or Preceptf to the Constables Subconstables Bailiffes or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other places aforesaid as the same Comissioners shalbe of comprising and contayning in the said Preceptf the names and surnames of all psons psented before them in the said Certificate of whome [if1] the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Kings Comission shall (*) have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substance in Lands Goods Chattellf or somes of mony owing unto them or other substance aforesaid then is uppon such pson or psons soe certified and specified as aforesaid the same Comissioners shall make their Precept or Preceptf directed to the Constables Bailifff or other Officers comaunding them to whome such pcept shalbe directed to wame such psons whose names shalbe comprised in the said Preceptf at their mansions or to their psons that the same psons named in

such Preceptf and every of them shall psonallie appeare before the said Comissioners at the said new pfixed day and

place there to be examined by all waies and meanes (other then by corporall oath) by the said Comissioners of their

substance and value in manner as aforesaid and of all and every somes of mony owing to them and other whatsoever

matter concerning the phnisses or any of them according to this A &. At which day and place so pfixed the said Comissioners then and there being or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Kings Comission shall cause to be called the said psons whose names shalbe comprised in the said Precept as is aforesaid for their examinacion And if any of those psons which shalbe warned as aforesaid to be examined (which at any tyme after the warning and before the day p^fixed shalbe within such place as he may have knowledge of his said appearance to be made) shall make default and not appeare unlesse a reasonable cause or excuse by the oathes of two credible psons before the said Comissioners be trulie alleaged for his discharge, that then every of them soe making default to be taxed and charged to the Kings Majestie with and at the double some of the rate that he should or ought to have byn sett at for and after the value aforesaid of his lands or substance uppon him certified if he had appeared by the discrecion of the Comissioners there being, which Comissioners shall travaile with every of the other psons so then and there appearing whose names shalbe expressed in the said p*cept or pceptf and in whome any vehement suspect was or shalbe had in forme aforesaid by all waies and meanes they can (other then by corporall oath) for the better knowledge of their value as aforesaid either in Hereditamentf or possessions or else in goods or debts, and thereuppon shall have power and authoritie by vertue of this AS according to their discrecions to inlarge and increase the taxacion of such psons as they shall soe finde by due examinacion to be of greater value or substance in lands or goods then they were psented at, And that every Spirituall pson at every of the said taxadons of the said Subsidies shalbe rated and sett according to the rate abovesaid of and for every pound that the same spirituall pson or any other to his use hath by discent bargaine or purchase in Fee simple or Fee taile terme of life terme of yeres by execucion wardshipp (J) coppie of Court Roll in any Mannors landes tenementf rents vs'vices offices fees corrodies anilities and Hereditamentf after the true just and yearelie value thereof and according as other the Kings Majesties Subjects borne within this Realme be charged in forme above remembred so that it extend to the yearelie value of twentie shillingf or above.

And it is further enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament that every Englishmen residing in England being a Viscount of Scotland or Ireland and not a Peere of the Realme of England shall not be taxed or rated in the Subsidie Booke under one hundred pounds in lands And that every Englishmen residing in England being a Baron of Scotland or Ireland and not a Peere of the Realme of England shall not be taxed or rated in the Subsidie Booke under one hundred markes in land. And that every Englishmen being a Baronett of Scotland or Ireland shall not be taxed or rated in the Subsidie Booke under sortie pounds in land.

And it is further enacted that if the said Taxors or Assessors shall not dulie behave themselves in their inquirie taxacion Assessement or Certificate but shall affeccionatelie corruptlie or partially demeasne themselves in that behalfe in such wise that the Comissioners shall by their consideracions deeme them offenders worthie of punishment for not doing their duties therein, that then foure or more of the CSmissioners in that Countie for the said Subsidie shall have power and authoritie by their discrecions either to charge the said Assessors uppon their corporall oathes for the better service aforesaid in that behalfe or else by their discrecions to taxe and set uppon the said Assessors for their misdemeanors in that behalfe such a fine or paine as they shall thinke good, so that it exceed not the some of tenne pounds and the same fine or paine at their discrecions to estreat into the Court of (4) Exchequer, Every which Fine so taxed and set by foure of the said Comissioners or more and being estreated with the Scedule and Bookes of that lymitt shalbe levied and aunswered to the Kings use in like manner and forme to all intentf and purposes as any other s5mes that shalbe taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute and Atte of Subsidie and not in any other wise or manner.

And if any pson certified or rated by vertue of this Acte whether he be a Comissioner or other to any manner of value doth finde himselfe greived with the same psentment sessing or rating and thereuppon complaine to the Comissioners before whome he shalbe called sessed or taxed or before two of them before the same taxacion be certified in the Court of Exchequer, that then the said Cdmissioners or two of them shall by all waies and meanes examine particulerlie and distinctlie the pson so complayning uppon his oath and other his neighbors by their discrecions of every his Lands and Tenementf above specified and of every his goods chattellf and debts above mendoned, And

3° Car. I. c. 8.

46

after due examination and pfect knowledge thereof had and pceived by the said Comissioner* or two of them which shall hare power by Authorise aforesaid the said Comissioners or two of them to whome any such complaint shalbe made by their discretions upon the oath of the said pson soe complayning may abate defaulk increase or inlarge the said assessmentf according as it shall appeare unto them just uppon the same examination, and the same tome soe abated defalked increased or inlarged shall be by them estreated in forme as is hereafter specified. And if it be proved by witnesses or by the parties owne confession or other lawfoll waies or raeanes within a yeare after any such oath made that the same pson so rated and swome was of any better or greater value in lands goods or other things above specified at the tyme of his said oath then the same pson so sworne did declare upon his said oath, that then every such pson so offending shall lose and forfeit to the Kings Majesde soe much lawfoll mony

of England as he the same pson soe sworne was set at or taxed to pay.

And also it is enacted by the same Authoritie that every pson to be rated and taxed as is aforesaid shalbe rated and set and the some on him set to be levied at such place where he and his family were resident for the most part of the yere next before the same psentment and taxadon made and no where else And that no Comissioner for his Subsidie shalbe rated or taxed for his goods or lands but in the Shire or (‘) place where he shalbe [a*] Comissioner And that if any pson chargeable by this Act at the tyme of the said assessingf happen to be out of this Realme and out of Wales or farre from the place where he shalbe knowen then he to be set where hee was last abiding within this Realme or in Wales and after the substance value and other proffittf of every pson to bee knowen by examinadon Certificate or other manner of way as is aforesaid, And that the said C5missioners or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Kings Majesties Comission or Comissions shall after the rate and rates aforesaid cause every pson

so to be set rated and taxed according to the rate of the substance and value of his lands goods chattellf and

other proffittf chargeable by this Act, whereby the greatest or best some or somes according to his substance as aforesaid by reason of this Act might or may be set or taxed.

And that every pson taxed in any Countie or place other then where he (3) is a Comissioner for the Subsidie if he be a Comissioner upon certificate made to the said Court of Exchequer under the hands and seales of two Comissioners for the same Subsidie in the same Countie or Place where such pson and his family were resiant for the most part of the yeare then next before or where he is a Comissioner for the taxadon and payment of the same Subsidie testifying his most resiaunce, having a family or being a Comissioner shalbe a suffident discharge for the taxadon of that pson in any other places and of and for all other somes of mony uppon such psons [to be4] set and taxed save onelie the taxadons made in that Counde [and3] place, from which such certificate shalbe made as is

aforesaid, and for the sume of mony uppon such pson there assessed or taxed, And that such certificate without

any Plea or other circumstance shalbe a suffident warrant as well to the Barons and Auditor and Auditors of the said Court of Exchequer as to all and every other Officers to whome the allowance thereof shall appertaine paying for such discharge and allowance onelie sixe pence and no more.

Provided allwayes that every such pson that shalbe rated or taxed according to the true meaning of this Act

for paying of and to theise Subsidies for and after the yearelie value of his Landes Tenementf or other reall possessions or proffittf at any of the said taxadons shall not after be set and taxed for his goods and chattellf or other moveable substance at the same taxadon, and that he that shalbe set charged or taxed for the same Subsidie for his goods chattellf and other moveables at any of the said taxadons according to the true meaning of this Act shall not after be taxed charged or chargeable for his lands or other reall possessions or proffittf aforesaid at the same taxadons or any of them, nor that any pson by any taxadon be doubly charged for the said Subsidies nor set or rated at severall places by reason of this Acte, But if any pson happen to be double set taxed or charged dther in one place or [in6] severall places then he to be discharged of the one taxadon and charged with the other according to the [true7] meaning and intent of this Act, any thing contayned in this psent Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it ordayned and enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament That no pson having two mansions or two places to resort unto or calling himselfe Houshold servant or Waiting servant to the Kings Majestie or other Lord or Lady master or mistresse be excused uppon his saying from the taxes of the said Subsidies in ndther of the places where he may be set or taxed unlesse he bring a Certificate in Writing from the Comissioners where he is so set or taxed indeed at one place And if any pson that ought to be set and taxed to these psent Subsidies by reason of his removing or resorting to two places or by reason of his saying that he was elswhere taxed or by reason of any Priviledge of his dwelling or abiding in any place not being foreprised in this Act or otherwise by his covine or craft or by any words or sayings or otherwise, Or if any that is a C5missioner or Assessor of others happen to escape from the said [taxacion *] from the payment of these Subsidies or any of them and be not set and taxed according to the true intent of this Act and that proved by Presentment Examinadon Informacion or otherwise before the cud Comissioners or two of them or before the Barons of the Kings Majesties Exchequer or two Justices of Peace of that Countie where such pson dwelleth Then every such p6on that by such meanes or otherwise willinglie by covine or without just cause shall happen to escape from the said taxadons or paymentf aforesaid or any of them and shall not be rated taxed and set shalbe charged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof with and at the double value of so much as he should might or ought to have bene set or taxed at by vertue of this Act, And the same double value to be levied gathered and paid of his goods and Chattellf Lands and Tenementf towards the said Subsidies, and further to be punished according to the discretions of the said Barons Justices or Comissioners before whome he shalbe convicted for his offence and deceit in that behalfe.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the said Comissioners in every Comission which shalbe or mhahite in any countie or place within the lymittf of their Comission or the more part of them shall have foil power and authoritie by this Act to set taxe and sesse every other C5missioner joyned with them in every such

1 other O. 9 O. omits. * or his Family 0. 4 soe 0. 4 or 0. • at 0. 7 0. omits. • raxa&ns 0.

You V.

N

xv.

Commsaioners to be rated at such Place where they shall be Commissioners;

other Persons where they hare resided for the most Part of the Year.

Absentees assessed where last abiding. Rate to be according to Substance of Persons liable.

XVI. Remedy for Commissioners and other Persons taxed in any Place other than where they are Commissioners, or where resiant for most part of the preceding Year.

Fee for Allowance.

XVII. Double Charge not to be allowed.

Remedy in respect of Double Charges.

XVIII. Proviso for Persons having two Mansions, or being Household Servants or Waiting Servants to the Ring or others.

Persons unduly escaping Taxation;

on Proof thereof before Commissioners or Barons of Exchequer;

Taxed at double Value.

XIX.

The Power of Commissioners to tax other Commissioners, and also Assessors.

3° Car. I. c. 8.

A.D.mr.

Barons and Persons of higher Estate taxed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, and other Persons named by the King.

Rate estreated and certified.

XX.

Rates estreated under the Sign Manual and Seals of Commissioners j and Estreats delivered to sufficient Inhabi* tants, &c. of Hundreds, &c.

By virtue of Estreat Officers, &c. to levy Rate. Distress*

If Rate not paid in Eight Days, then Distress appraised and sold.

Officers, &c. to answer for the Portion limited to them only*

Allowance to Officers on Rate recovered.

XXL

Commissioners may appoint Collectors.

Qualification,

to be High Collectors.

Commissioners to deliver Estreats under their Seals and Sign Manual to Collectors.

Collector to answer the Sums comprized in Estreat.

ComissSon and the said Comissioners within their Division shall (*)assesse every Assessor within their Division! for fab or their goods lands and other the jPmissestas is [[aforesaid,1] By which said Cemission the said Comissioners to whomeit shall appertaine shall indifferentlie sett taxe and sesse them[selve$3] and the said Assessors, and that aswell the somes uppon every of the said Comissioners and Assessors so assessed rated and taxed as die somes made and pfeented by the Presenters as is abovesaid shalbe written certified sett and estreated and the Estreat? thereof to be made with other the inhabitant? of that part and within the lymitt? of the same Comission and Division so to be gathered and levied in like maimer as it ought and should have byn if the said Comissioners had not byn in the said Comission And that all psons of the estate of a Baron or Baronesse and every estate above shalbe charged with their freehold and value as is aforesaid by the Chauncellor or the Lord Keeper of the great Seale of England and the high Treasurer of England for the tyme being or the one of them together with other such psons as by the King? Majesties authoride or comaundement shalbe named and appointed and they to be charged for the said severall payment? of the said Subsidies after the forme of the said Graunt according to the taxacion aforesaid And the somes of and uppon them to be taxed and sett with the names of the Collectors appointed for gathering and paying of the same to be estreated delivered and certified at the daies and places above specified by the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper of the great Seale and Lord Tresurer or one of them together with such other psons as thereunto shalbe named as is aforesaid*

And be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That after the Taxes and assesses of the said somes uppon and by the said assessing and certificate as is aforesaid made, the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed and have authoride by the King? Majesties Comission shall with all speed and without delay by their writing estreate the said taxes thereof under the Seales and Signes Manual of the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe appointed at the least; And the same shall deliver unto sufficient and substanciall Inhabitant? Constables Subconstables Bayliffes and other Officers joyntlie of Hundred? Townes Parishes'and other places aforesaid within their lymitt? and to other sufficient psons Inhabitant? of the same onely by the discrecion of the (4) Comissioners with the assent of the high Collector and as the place and parties shall require aswell the pardculer names and surnames as the remembrance of all somes of mony taxed and sett of and uppon every pson as well man as woman chargeable by this Act Housholders and all other Inhabitant? and dwellers within the said pishes Townes and places contributory to this Act of Subsidies: By authoride of which writing and estreat soe delivered the said Officers and other psons soe named and deputed severally shall have full power and authoride by vertue of this Act

ymediatelie after the delivery of the said writing or estreat to demaund levy and gather of every pson therein specified

the some andsdmes in the same writing [or estreat3] comprised and for non payment thereof to distreyne the same pson or psons soe being behind by their good? and chattell? and the distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of eight daies at the cost? and charg? of the owner thereof And if the said owner doe not pay such some of money as shall be taxed uppon him or her by authoride of this Acte within the same eight daies, then the same distresse to be appraised by foure three or two of the inhabitant? where such distresse is taken, and alsoe then to be sold by the Constable or other Collector for the payment of the said mony and the overplus coming by the sale (if any be) over and besides the charge of keeping the said distresse to be imediatelie restored to the owner thereof, Which

said Officers and other peons so deputed to aske take gather and levie the said somes shall aunswere and be charged

for the pordon onelie to them assigned and lymitted to be gathered levied and comprised in the said writing or estreat soe to them as aforesaid delivered to the use of our Soveraigne Lord the King? Majestie and his Heires and Successors, and the said some in that writing or Estreat to be comprised to pay unto the high Collector or Collectors of that place in manner and forme under written, thereunto to be named and deputed and the same Inhabitant? and Officers so gathering the same particular somes for their collecdon thereof shall retaine for every twentie shilling? so by them reedved and paid two pence, And that to be allowed at the payment of their collecdoa by them to be made to the high Collector or Collectors.

And further be it enacted by the said Authoritie that such of the said Cdmissioners or the more part of them as shall take uppon them the execucion and busines of the said Comission shall for every of the said payment? of the said Subsidies name such sufficient and able psons which then shall have and possesse land? or other Hereditament? in thdr owne right of the cleere yearelie value of sortie pound? or goodes to the value of foure hundred pound? at the least as he shalbe taxed in the Subsidie Booke (if anie such be in the said lymitt?) and for want of such so assessed, then those to be appointed Collectors that then shalbe sufficient and rated and taxed in the Subsidie Bookes in land? and good? neerest to the values aforesaid as by their discrecions shalbe thought good in Shires Riding? Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes corporate and other whatsoever places aswell within places priviledged as without not being foreprised in this Acte to be high Collectors and to have the collecdon and receipt of the said somes set and leviable within the pdnft? lymitt? and bound?, where they shalbe so lymitted and appointed to be high Collectors And to every of the said Collectors soe severallie named the said Comissioners or two of them at the least with all speed and without delay after the said whole some of any payment of the said Subsidies be set by all the lymitt? of the same their Cdmission or in such lymitt? as the high Collectors shalbe soe severallie assigned shall under their Seales and Signes manuall deliver one estreate indented in Parchment comprising in itt the names of all such psons as were assigned to levie the said particular somes and the somes of every Hundred Wapentake Towne or other place aforesaid with the names and surnames of the psons soe chargeable according to the Estreate so thereof first made and delivered as is aforesaid. And the Collectors to be assigned shalbe charged to aunswere the whole some comprised in the said Estreate lymitted to his collecdon as is aforesaid.

AJ).\697.

3° Car. 1. c. 8.

47

Provided illwaies and be it taaded by the authoritie aforesaid that the said Comiasionet'8 having authoritie by this Acte to name and nominate the said high Collectors of every the said Subsidies shall ymedlatfclie uppon their ncftaaon and eleccion take by authoride of this ^sent Parliament sufficient Recognizances or Obligadons without any Fee or reward to be paid therefore of every pson so by them to be named to be high Collectors to be bound to the Kings Majesde in the double some of the some of his colleccion and to be indorsed and made uppon such condicion that is to saie for the colleccion of the payment of the said two first of the said five Subsidies: That if the said Collector his Heires or Executors doe trulie content and pay to the use of the Kinges Majesde his Heires or Successors in the receipt of the said Exchequer att or before the tenth day of July now next c5ming soc much of the said some of mony allotted and appointed to his colleccion as he shall coiled and gather and content and pay the residue of his colleccion and charge within one moneth next after such tyme as he hath collected and gathered the same residue, that (') the said Recognizance or Obligacion to be void or els to stand in full strength and vertue And for the colleccion of the third of the said five Subsidies uppon condicion, That if the said Collector his heires or executors doe trulie content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors in his receipt of Exchequer at or before the twentith day of October next ensuing soe much of the said some of mony allotted and appointed to his colleccion as he shall collefte and gather and content and pay the residue of his colleccion and charge within one moneth next after such tyme as he hath collected and gathered the same residue: That then the said Recognizances or Obligacions to be void or els to stand in full strength and vertue, And for the colleccion of the said fourth Subsidie of the five Subsidies aforesaid, uppon condicion, That if the said Collector his heires or executors doe trulie content and pay to the use of the Kings Majesde his Heires or Successors in his receipt of Exchequer at or before the said twentith day of December now next ensuing soe much of the said some of mony allotted and appointed to his colleccion as he shall collect and gather and content and pay the residue of his colleccion and charge within one moneth next after such tyme as he hath collected and gathered the same residue, That then the [same1] Recognizances and Obligacions to be void or els to stand in full strength and vertue And for the colleccion of the said fist and last of the said Subsidies uppon condicion That if the said Collector his heires or executors doe trulie content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his heires and Successors in his receipt of Exchequer at or before the said first day of March now next ensuing so much of the said s5me of mony allotted and appointed to his colleccion as he shall collect and gather and content and pay the residue of his colleccion and charge within one moneth next after such tyme as he hath collected the same residue, That then the said Recognizances or Obligacions to be void or els to stand in full strength and vertue. Which said severall Recognizances or Obligacions soe taken the said Comissioners shall severally certifie and deliver into the Kings Majesties Exchequer with the severall Certificates of the said Taxacions and Rates of the paymentf of the said Subsidies at and by the tymes to them jpscribed and appointed by this Acte for the certificate of the said severall Taxacions of the said Subsidies uppon paine of forfeiture of ten pounds to the Kinges Majestie for every Recognizance or Obligacion not soe certified And that every such Collector soe elected named and chosen uppon request to him made shall knowledge and make the said Recognizance or Obligacion uppon paine of forfeiture of twentie pounds to the Kings Majestie for the refusall thereof, And that the Tresurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme being uppon payment of the said severall collections of the Subsidies at the dayes and tymes herein lymitted for the payment thereof (3) to the Collector or Collectors without any other warrant and without any fee or reward to be paid for the same to any pson. And every Collector so deputed having the said Estreat in parchment as is aforesaid shall have authoride by this Act to appoint daies and places within the circuit of his colleccion for the payment of the said Subsidies to him to be made and thereof to give warning by pclamadon or otherwise to all the Constables or other psons or inhabitantf having the charge of the particular colleccion within the Hundreds Parishes Townes or other places by him or them lymitted to make payment of the said particuler colleccion of every s5me as to them shall appertaine And if at the same day and place •o lymitted and fpfixed by the said high Collector the said Constable Officers or other psons or inhabitantf as is aforesaid for the said particular colleccion assigned and appointed within such Hundred Cittie Towne or other place doe not pay unto the said high Collector the some within their severall Hundreds Townes Parishes and other places due and comprised in the said Estreat thereof to them delivered by the said Comissioners or some of them as is aforesaid or so much thereof as they have by anie meanes received (two pence for every pound for the said particuler colleccion as is aforesaid allwaies thereof to be allowed excepted and abated) that then it shalbe lawfull to the said high Collectors and every of them and to their assignes to distraine every of the said Constables Officers and other inhabitantf for their said severall and particular colleccion of the said sdmes comprised in the said Estreat and writing thereof to them and every of them as is before expressed delivered or for so much of the same some as so then shall happen to be gathered and levied and behind and unpaid by the goods and ch att el If of every of them so being behind and the distresse so taken to be kept and appraised and *>ld as is aforesaid and thereof to take and levie the sdmes soe then being behinde and unpaid and the overplus coming of the sale of the said distresse (if any be) to be restored and delivered unto the owner in forme above remembred.

XXII. Commissioners to take Recognizance* of Collector*.

Condition of Recognizance for first Two Subsidies;

for Third Subsidy;

forFourth Subsidy j

for Fifth Subsidy.

Commissioners to certify Recognizances into the Exchequer.

Penalty, £io.

Collectors not making Recognizance, Penalty j£ao. Excheq uer to cancel Recognizances on Payment of Collection into Exchequer without Fee. Collectors may appoint Days and Places for Payment of Collection.

Assessor, See. not paying Collection to High Collector, abating the Allowance of id. in the Pound.

Distress.

Proceedings

thereon.

Provided alwaies, and be it enacted by the authoride aforesaid. That no pson or psons shalbe nominated or appointed to be a high Collector or Collectors for the second or other Subsidie graunted by this Act which before that tyme hath byn a Collector or Collectors for the first or for any former Subsidie unlesse such pson or psons so to be nominated or appointed high Collector or Collectors for the second or any [such4] other former Subsidie doe first shew forth before him or them by whome he shalbe nominated and appointed his Quietus est for his discharge of his colleccion before appointed to his charge uppon paine of one hundred pounds to be paid and forfaited by him or them that [shall so5] nominate and appoint any such Collector contrary to this ^sent Act.

XXIII. Persons haring been Collectors of former Subsidies not to be appointed Collector* of subsequent Subsidies unless they shew Quietus est.

Penalty jlioo.

i then O. • said 0. 9 shall cancell and deliver the Recognizances or obligacftns for the payment thereof 0*

4 interlined on the Roll. s soe shall O.

3° Car. I. c. 8.

A.D. 1627.

Persons Irving in Cities, &c. not to be ftppointedCollectors or Assessors out of them.

XXIV.

Assessors,

Attornies,

Factort, &c. after being charged with Receipt of Assessment, dying or removing or concealing their Goods, &c. or when Monies comprized in Estreat cannot be levied by Distress, or where Distress cannot be sold;

Process out of the Exchequer, and the Commissioners may direct Precepts to Officer to levy such Money*

Who may distrain.

Distress appraised and sold.

If Distress taking out of Limit assigned. Allowance.

Persons charged discharged by Distress.

XXVI. Persons distrained

having no Lands, &c.

Provided alwaies, that no pson inhabiting in any Cittie Borough or Towne corporate shalbe compelled to be any Assessor or Collector of or for anie part of the said Subsidies in any place or places out of the said Cittie Borough or Towne corporate where he dwelleth.

And it is also by the said authoride enabled That if any Inhabitantf or Officers or whatsoever pson or psons charged to and for the colleccion and receipt of any part or porcion of the said Subsidies by any manner of meanes according to this Act: or any pson or psons for themselves or as Keeper Gardian Deputie Factor or Attorny of or for any other pson or psons for any goods or chattellf of the owner thereof at the tyme of the said assessing to be paid being out of this Realme or in any other parts not knowen, or of :nd for the goods and chattellf of anie other pson or psons of anie corporacion Fraternitie Misterie or other whatsoever Commonalde being corporate or not corporate and all psons having in their rule governance and custodie any goods [and *] Chattellf at the tyme of the said [assessingf *] or anie of them to be made or which for any cause for and by colleccion or for himselfe or for any other or by reason that he hath the rule governance or custodie of anie goods or chattellf of any other pson or psons Corporacion Commonalde Fraternitie Guild or Mistery or any such other like or as Factor Depude or attorny of or for any pson shalbe taxed valued [rated J|] and sett to anie some and somes by reason of this Act and after the taxadon and assessing uppon any such pson or psons as shalbe charged with the receipt of the same happen to die or depart from the place where he was so taxed [or4] sett or his goods or chattellf to be soe eloined or in such privie or covert manner kept as the same pson or psons charged with the same by Estreatf or other [writings *] from the said Cdmissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the said Comission as is aforesaid can ne may levie the same some and somes comprised within the same Estreatf by distresse within the Lymittf of their collecdon as is aforesaid or cannott sell such distresse or distresses as be taken for anie of the said paymentf before the tyme lymitted to the high Collector for his payment to be made in the Kings Majesties Receipt then uppon reladon thereof with due examinacion by the oath or examinadon of such pson or psons as shalbe charged with and for the recdpt and colleccion of the same before the said Comissioners or as many of them as by the said C5mission shalbe thereunto appointed where such pson or psons or other (as is aforesaid) thdr Goods and Chattellf were set and taxed and uppon plaine Certificate thereof made into the Kings Majesties Exchequer by the same Comissioners as well of the dwelling place names and [surnames6] of the said psons of whome the same somes cannott be levied and had as is aforesaid: Then aswell the Constable and other Inhabitants appointed for the same particuler collecdon against the high Collector as the high Collector uppon his account and Oath in the said Exchequer to be discharged thereof and peesse to be made for the Kings Majestie out of the same Exchequer by the discredon of the Barons of the same Exchequer against such pson his Heires or Executors so being behind with his payment. And over that the same Comissioners to whome any such declaracion of the f?misses shalbe made in forme aforesaid from tyme to tyme shall have [full3] power and authoritie to direct their precept or preceptf to the said pson or psons charged with anie some of for and uppon any such pson and psons or other as is aforesaid or to any Sheriffe Steward Bayliffe or other whatsoever Officer Minister pson or psons of such place or places where any such pson or psons so owing any such some or somes shall have Lands or Tenementf and other Hereditamentf or reall possessions goodes and chattellf whereby any such pson or psons so indebted his Heires Executors or Assignes or other having the Custodie governance or disposidon of any goods or chattellf landes tenementf or other Hereditamentf which ought or may by this Act be lawfullie distreined or taken for the

same hath and shall have goodes chattellf landes tenementf or other possessions whereof such some and somes which

by any such pson or psons may or ought to be levied be it within the lymittf of such Comission where such pson

or psons was or were taxed or without in any place within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings

Majesties Dominions Marches or Territories, by which pcept as well such pson or psons shalbe charged to levie such monie as the Officer of the place or places where such distresse may be taken shall have full power and authoritie to distreine every such pson indebted charged or chargeable by this Act or his Executors or Administrators of his Goodes and Chattellf his Gardians Factors Deputies [Leassees3] Farmors and Assignes and all other psons by whose hands or out of whose lands any such pson shall have Fee Rent Anuitie or other proffitt or which at the tyme of the said assessing shall have goods or chattellf or any other thing moveable of any such pson or psons bring indebted or owing such some and the distresses so taken cause to be kept appraised and sold in like manner and forme as is aforesaid for the distresse to be taken uppon such psons to be taxed to the said Subsidies, and being sufficient to distreine within the lymittf of the Collectors Inhabitantf or other officers charged with or for the said somes so uppon them to be taxed And if any such distresse for non payment happen to be taken out of the lymitt of the said psons charged and assigned to levie the said psons so charged for the levying of any such somes by distresse shall perive and take of the same distresse for the labour of every pson going for the execudon thereof for every mile that every [psons] so iaboureth for the same two pence. And every Farmor Gardian Tenant Factor or other whatsoever pson being distreined or other pson charged for payment of any such some or somes or any other some by reason of this Act shalbe of such some or somes of him or them soe levied and taken discharged and acquitted at his next day of payment for the same or at the delivery of such Goods and Chattellf as he that is so distreyned had in his custodie or governance against him or them that shalbe soe taxed and sett Any graunte or writing Obligatorie or other whatsoever matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstanding.

And if any such pson that should so be distreyned have no Lands or Tenementf suffident whereby he and his Tenantf and Farmors may be distreyned or have aliened eloyned or hid his Goods and Chattellf whereby he should or might be distreyned in such manner that such goods or chattellf should not be knowen or found, so that the sdme of or by him to be paid in the [forme aforesaid7] shall not ne can be convenientlie levied, then uppon reladon

A.D. 162?-

3d Car. I. c. 8.

49

thereof to the CSmiaaoners or to as many of them as by the said Comission shalbe thereunto appointed where such peon or peons was taxed and sett by the oathes of him or them that shalbe charged with the levying and payment of that some or somes the same Comissioners shall make a precept in such manner as is aforesaid for to attach take and arrest the body of such pson or peons that ought to pay the said sbmes, and by this [Ad *] shalbe charged with and for the said some and somes and them soe taken safelie to keepe in prison within the Shire or other place where anie such pson or psons shalbe taken and attached there to remaine without baile or Maineprise unrill he [have *] paid the said some or somes that such pson for himselfe or for any other by this Act shalbe chargeable or ought to be charged withall, and alsoe for the Fees of every such Arrest to him or them that shall execute such precept twenrie pence And that every Officer unto whome such pcept shalbe directed doe his true diligence and execute the same uppon every pson so being indebted uppon paine to forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every default m that behalfe twenrie shillingf And that no keeper of anie Gaole from his Gaole suffer any such pson to goe at large by letting to Baile or otherwise to depart out of his prison before he have paid his said debt apd the said twenrie pence for his Arrest uppon paine to forfait to the Kings Majestie forrie shillingf: And the said Gaoler to pay to the Kings Majestie the double value aswell of the rate, which the said pson soe imprisoned was taxed at as of the said twenrie pence for the fees, And like processc and remedie in like forme shalbe graunted by the siiid Comissioners or as many of them as by the said C5mission shalbe thereunto appointed at like Information of every pson or psons being charged with any some of mony for any other pson or psons by reason of the said Subsidies and not thereof payed but wilfollie withdrawen nor the same leviable within the lymittf where such psons were thereunto taxed. And if the some or sdmes being behind unpaid by any pson or psons as is aforesaid be levied and gathered by force of the said pcesse to be made by the said Comissioners, or if in default or for lacke of payment thereof the pson or psons so owing the said some and somes of mony by processe of the same Comissioners to be made as is aforesaid be comitted to prison in forme abovesaid, that then the said Cdmissioners, which shall award such pcesse shall make Certificate thereof in the said Exchequer of that shalbe done in the pmisses in the Terme next following after such some or somes of mony soe being behind shalbe levied and gathered or such pson or psons for non payment of the same cdmitted to prison And if it happen any of the said Collectors to be assigned or anie Maiors Sherifff Steward? Constables the Headborough Bursholder Bayliffe or anie other Officer or Minister or other whatsoever pson or psons to disobey the said C5missioners or anie of them in the reasonable request to them made by the said Comissioners for the execudon of the said Comission, or if any of the Officers or other psons do refuse that to them shall appertaine and belong to doe, by reason of anie Precept to him or them to be directed or any reasonable cdmaundement instance or request touching the fPmisses or other default in any appearance or collecdon to make, or if any pson being suspected not to be indifferentlie taxed as is aforesaid doe refuse to be examined according to the tenor of this Acte before the said Cdmissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaid or will not appeare before the same Cdmissioners uppon warning to him made or else make resistance or rescues uppon any distresse uppon him to be taken for any parcell of the said Subsidies or comitt any misbehaviour in any manner or wise contrary to this Act or comitt any wilfoU omission or other whatsoever wilfoll doing or misdoing contrary to the tenor of this Act or Graunt, The same Cdmissioners and every nomber of them above remembred or two of them at the least uppon certaine knowledge of any such misdemeanors had by lnformadon or Examinadon shall and may sett uppon (3) every such offence in the name of a Fine by the same offendor to be forfaited sortie shillingf or under by discrecion of the same Cdmissioners. And further the said Cdmissioners and every nomber of them or two of them at the least shall have authoritie by this fPsent Ad to punish every such offendor by imprisonment there to remaine and to be delivered by their discrecion as shall seeme to them convenient the said Fines if any such be to be certified by the said Cdmissioners that so assessed the same into the Kings Majesties Exchequer there to be levied and paid by the Coiledors of that part for the said Subsidies retomed into the said Exchequer to be therewith charged with the payment of the said Subsidies in suck manner as if the said Fines had byn sett and taxed upon the said offendors for the said Subsidies.

And be it also enacted by the said authoritie of this fPsent Parliament, That every of the said high Collectors, which shall account for anie part of the said Subsidies in the said Exchequer uppon their severall accounts to be yeilded shalbe allowed at every of the said paymentf of the said Subsidies for every pound lymitted to his collecdon whereof any such Collector shalbe charged and yeild account six pence as parcell of their charge (that is to saie) of every pound thereof for such psons as then have had the parriculer collecdon of the Townes and other places as is aforesaid specified in his collecdon two pence and other two pence of every pound thereof every of the said cheife Coiledors or their Accomptantf to retaine to their owne use for their labour and charge in and about the ^misses and two pence of every pound residue to be delivered allowed and paid by the said Collector so being thereof allowed to such of the Comissioners as shall take uppon them the busines and labour for and about the pttriases, that is to saie Every Collector to pay that Chmissioner or Comissioners which had the ordering of the writing? of and for every of the said Subsidies where the said Collector or Collectors had their collecdon for the expences for the said Comissioners so taking uppon them the said busines and labour of their Clerkes writing the said Preceptf and Extract? of the said Colleccions, the said last two pence of every pound to be devided amongest the said Comissioners having regard to their labour and busines taken by them and their said Clerkes in and about the /Pbrisses, for which part so to the said Cdmissioners appertayning the said Comissioners six five foure three or two or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Kings Majesties Comission and every of them joyntKe and severallie for his and their said part may have his remedie against the Collector or Collectors which thereof byn or might have byn allowed by acdon of debt, in which the Defendants hall [not4] wage hisLawe neither ptecdon neither Injunction or Essoine shalbe allowed.

Proceedings.

Imprisonment until Sums due, and also Fee for Arrest paid.

Officer not excoting Process.

Penalty 3os.

Gaoler suffering Escape.

Penalty 40s. and double Value of Rate and Fees. Like Process for Subsidies due by any persons charged for another unpaid.

Certificate of Default,

Imprisonment, Src. by Commissioners.

Coiledors, &c. disobeying Commissioners;

or Persons suspeded not to be indifferently taxed refusing to be examined, or resisting Distress, fire.

Penalty 40s. or under, at discretion of Commissioners Commissioners may punish by Imprisonment.

XXVII. Allowance to High Coiledors and their Accountants.

Allowance to be paid by Coiledors to Commissioners for their Expences and the labour of their Clerks.

Remedy for the same for Commissioners against Coiledors.

1 interlined on the Roll.

3 hath O.

* every such Offendor for 0.

4 interlined on the Roll.

O

3° Cab. I. c. 8.

A.V.1627

XXVIII. Conunianooen, &c. not compellable to make Presentment other than to Exchequer.

XXIX.

Head Collector for First Subsidy not compellable to be Collector for the other Subsidies.

Taking Fees of Accountants.

Penalty.

Imprisonment.

Commissioners at Meetings to shew Certificates and Presentments to the other Commissioners.

Indenture of Collectors’ Names, and of Sums written to Collectors, Fines, &c. to be certified by Commissioners into the Exchequer.

Collectors answerable for their own Collet ion only.

Commissioners, if they cannot agree, may make several Indentures of their several Limits, &c.

Collectors not chargeable for other Collectors.

Commissioners or Collectors or Persons taxed dying before discharged. Heirs and Executors chargeable as such Persons would have been if alive.

And that no peon now being of the nomber of the Company of this fPsent pliament nor any Cdtnisaoner shalbe named or assigned to be any Collector or Subcolledor or Presenter of the said Subsidies or any part thereof, nor any Comissioners shalbe compelled to make any fPsentment or Certificate other then into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer of for or concerning the said Subsidies or any part or parcell thereof. And likewise that no other pson that shalbe named and assigned to be Cdmissioners in any place to and for the execution of this Act of Subsidies be or shalbe assigned or named head Collector of anie of the Paymentf of the said Subsidies neither of anie part thereof.

And that every such pson and [pson *] which shalbe named and appointed as is aforesaid to be head Collectors of and for the payment of the said first Subsidie or of anie part thereof shall not be compelled to be Collector for the payment of the said second or other Subsidie nor anie part thereof And the said Collectors w* shalbe assigned for the colleccion of the said five Subsidies or of anie part thereof and every of them be and shalbe acquited and discharged of all manner Fees and Rewardf and of every other charge in the Kings Majesties Exchequer or elswhere of them or any of them by reason of that colleccion payment or account or any thing concerning the same to be asked, And that if any pson receive or take any Fees Rewardf or pleasures of any such Accomptantf or use any unnecessary delay in their accompt that then he shall forfait to the Kings Majestie for every penny or value of every pennyworth soe taken five shillingf and five pounds to the partie greived for every such delay and suffer imprisonment at the Kings Majesties pleasure And after every taxing and assessing of the said severall Subsidies as is aforesaid had or made and the said extractf thereof in Parchment unto the Collector in manner and forme

before rehearsed delivered, The said CSmissioners which shall take uppon them the execucion of this Act within

the lymittf of their Comission by their agreementf shall [ have * ] meetingf together, Att which meeting every of the said Comissioners which then shall have taken uppon them the execucion of any part of the said Comission shall by himselfe or his sufficient Deputie trulie certifie and bring forth unto the said Comissioners named in the said

Comission the Certificate and fPsentment made before him and such other Comissioners as were lymitted with him

in one lymitt soe as the same certificate may be accounted and cast with the other certificatf of the other lymittf within the same Comission, and then the said Comissioners and every nomber of them unto two at the least as is aforesaid if any bee in life or their Executors or Administrators of their goods (if they then be dead) shall joyntlie and severallie as they were devided within their lymittf under their seales by their discrecions make one or severall writings indented contayning in it aswell the names of the said Collectors by the C5missioners for such colleccions and accounts in the Exchequer and paymentf in the said receipt deputed and assigned as the grosse and severall somes written unto every such Collectors to receive the said Subsidies and also all Fines Amerciamentf and other Forfeitures if any such by reason of this ACte happen to be within the lymitt and pcinCt of their Comission to be certified into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer by the said Comissioners, In which writing or writings indented so to be certified shalbe plainelie declared and expressed the whole and entire some or s5mes of the said Subsidies severallie lymitted to the colleccion of the said Collectors severallie deputed and assigned to the said somes; Soe as none of the said Collectors soe certified in the said Exchequer shalbe compelled there to accompt or to bee charged but onelie to and for the somes lymitted to his colleccion and not to or for any some lymitted to the colleccion of his fellowes, But every of them shalbe severally charged for [their fellowes for3] their part lymitted to their Colleccion And if the said Comissioners joyned in one Comission amongest themselves in that matter cannott agree or if any of them be not readie or refuse to make certificate with the other of the same Comissioners that then the said Comissioners may make severall Indentures in forme aforesaid of their severall lymittf or separacions of Collectors within the lymittf of their Comission uppon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like divisions within the said severall lymittf of their Comission as the places there shall require to be severed and divided and as to the same CSmisaoners shall seeme good to make divisions or other lymittf or Colleccions for the severall charges of the same Collectors soe that alway one Collector shalbe charged and account for his part to him to be lymitted only by himselfe and not for any some lymitted to the part of any of his fellowes And the charges of every of the Collectors to be set and certified severallie uppon them, And every such Collector uppon his account and payment of the some of mony lymitted within his colleccion to be severallie by himselfe acquited and discharged in the said Exchequer, without paying any manner Fees or Rewardf to any pson or psons for the same uppon paine and penaltie last abovesaid and not to be charged for any pordon of any other Collector And if any Comissioner after he hath taken certificate of them, that, as is aforesaid shalbe before any Comissioners examined and the somes rated and set and the bookes and writings thereof being in his handes or if any Collector or other pson charged with any receipt of any part of the said Subsidies or any other pson taxed or otherwise by this Act charged with or for any parcell of the said Subsidies or with any other s5me Fine Amerciament Penaltie or other Forfeiture happen to die before the Cdmissioners Collectors or other whatsoever pson or psons have executed accomplished satisfied or suffidentlie discharged that to which every such pson shall appertaine or belong to doe according to this ACte, Then the Executors and Heires of every such pson and all other sdsed of any Lands and Tenementf that any such pson being charged by this ACte and deceaseing before he be discharged hereof or any other to his use onelie had of an Estate of Inheritance at the tyme that any such pson was named Comissioner Collector or otherwise charged with or for any manner of thing to be done satisfied or paid by reason of this ACte: And all those that have in their possession or hands any Goods Chattellf Leases or other things that were to any such pson or psons at the tyme of his death or any Lands or Tenementf that were the same psons at the tyme that he was as is aforesaid charged by this ACte shalbe by the same compelled and charged to doe and accomplish in every case as the same pson so being charged should have done or might have byn compelled to doe if he had byn in plaine life after such rate of the Lands and Goods of the said Comissioner and Collector as the partie shall have in his Hands.

A.D. 1627

3° Car. I. c. 8.

51

And if the aid Comissioners for causes reasonable them moving shall thinke it not fitt to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaid then the said pson or psons that shall first joyne together or hee that shall first cerdfie the said writing indented as is aforesaid shall cerdfie all the names of the Comissioners of that Comission whereuppon such writing shalbe there then to be certified with division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tythingf and other places to and among such Comissioners of the same Comission with the names of the said Comissioners where such Separations and Divisions shalbe with the grosse somes of mony aswell of and for the said Subsidies taxed or sett of or within the said Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other places to him or them divided or assigned that shall soe cerdfie the (') first Wridngf as of the Fines Amerciamentf Penalties and other Forfeitures if any happen to be within the same Lymittf whereof the same wridngf shalbe certified And after such writings indented which as is aforesaid shalbe certified and not containe in itt the whole and full somes sett and taxed within the Lymittf of the same Comission the other Comissioners of the same before the day of payment of the said Subsidie shall cerdfie into the said Exchequer by their writing or writings indented to be made as is aforesaid the grosse and several 1 somes sett and taxed within the places to them lymitted for every of the said Subsidies and other fines amerciamentf penalties and forfeiture with the names of the Hundred Wards Wapentakes and other Places to them assigned or els by their said writings indented to cerdfie at the same place before the same day of payment such reasonable causes for their excuses why they may not make such certificate of and for the said Subsidies Fines Amerciamentf and other forfeitures growing or sett by reason of the causes of their lettf or of their not certifying as is aforesaid, or else in default thereof pcesse to be made out of the Kings Majesties said Exchequer against the said Comissioners and every of them not making certificate as is aforesaid by the discrecion of the Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequer.

XXX. Commissioners not thinking fit to join in one Certificate, Proceedings.

Commissioners making Default of Certificate, Process out of Exchequer against them.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the inhabitantf of the Parish of Saint Martine called Stamford Baron in the Suburbes of the Borough and Towne of Stamford in the South part of the waters there called Wellandf which hereafter shalbe contributorie to the payment of theise psent Subsidies granted to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors shalbe assessed rated and taxed for the same by such Comissioners which shalbe appointed for the taxing rating and sessing of the same Subsidies within the Countie of Lincolne and shalbe for the same contributory and pay the said Subsidies to the Collector or Collectors which shalbe assigned and appointed for the levying and gathering of the same with the Aldermen and Burgesses of the same Borough and Towne of Stamford.

Provided alwaies, and be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all and every p6on and psons having Mannors Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf chargeable to the payment of the said Subsidies graunted to the Kings Majestie by this Act, and also having Spirituall possessions chargeable to his said Majestie by any graunt made or to be made by the Clergie of this Realme in their Convocacion, and over this having substance in goods and chattellf chargeable by this said Act, that then if any of the said pson or psons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mannors Lands and Tenementf and Spirituall possessions and also charged assessed and taxed for his and their goods and chattellf, that then he or they shalbe onelie charged by vertue of this Acte for his and their said Mannors Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and Spirituall possessions or onelie for his said goodes and chattellf, the best thereof to be taken for the Kings Majestie and not to be charged for both or double charged for any of them. Any thing in this Act contayned to the contrary [in any wise2] notwithstanding.

Provided allwaies that this graunt of Subsidies or any thing therein contayned in any wise extend not to charge the Inhabitantf of Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnesey or any of them of for or concerning any Mannors Lands Tenementf or other possessions goods chattellf or other moveable substance which the said Inhabitantf or dwellers or any [other3] to their use have within Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnesey or in any of them or of for or concerning any Fees or Wages which any of the said Inhabitantf or dwellers have of the Kings Majestie for their attendance and doing service to our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie in Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnesey or any of them Any thing in this p*sent AAe to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also that all Letters Patentf graunted by the Kings Majestie or any of his [most 4] noble Progenitors to any Citties Boroughes or Townes within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or exempeions from the burthen and charge of any such grauntf of Subsidies which bee at this psent tyme in force and availeable shall remaine good and effectuall to the said Citties Boroughes and Townes hereafter according to the purportf thereof although the Inhabitantf of the same and also the said Corporacions shall uppon the great and waightie consideradons of the Graunt aforesaid be for this Graunt charged and contributarie in like manner forme and sort as ocher Citties Boroughes and Townes which be not in any wise priviledged but by this AAe charged.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That no Orphan or Infant within the age of one and twentie yeares borne within any of the Kings Majesties Dominions shalbe charged to any payment of theise Subsidies for his or their Goods and chattellf to him or her left or bequeathed. Any thing in this Act conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also that this Acte nor any [thing5] therein contayned shall extend to the lands or goods of any Colledge Hall or Hostell within the Univ^sities of Oxford and Cambridge or any of them or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Winton founded by Bishopp Wickham or to the goods or lands of the Colledge of Eaton next Windsor or to the Lands Tenementf or revenews onelie assigned and appointed for the sustentacion and living of the poore Knightf founded in the Castle or Colledge of Windsor by our late Soveraigne Lord King Henry the

, said Om Q interlined on the Roll. * others 0. 4 O. omits. * O. omits.

XXXI. Proviso for Stamford Baron.

XXXII. Persons having Temporal and Spiritual Possessions, and also Personal Property, not to be doubly charged.

XXXIII.

Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

XXXIV.

Proviso for Patents of Liberties.

XXXV.

Orphans and Infants not chargeable to Subsidies.

XXXVi.

Proviso for Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, WincliesterCollcge, Eaton College, Poor Knights of

3° Car. I. c. 8.

A.D. 1627.

Wind*, and Free Schools, and Readers, &c. in the Universities, and for Hospitals, &c.

XXXVII. Inhabitants of Cinque Ports for the most Part of the Year before the Grant not chargeable during Resiance only.

XXXVIII. Like Proviso for Inhabitants of Rumney Marsh.

XXXIX. Alien or Denizen assigning his Lands, &c. to his Child with Intent to defraud the Subsidy, such Child chargeable as an Alien.

eight or to any the Goods or Chattellf of the same Knightf or any of them or to the Goods or lands of any (*) free Grammer Schoole within the Realme of England or Wales or the goods of any Reader Schoolemaister or Scholler or any Graduate or Resiant or remayning for studie without fraude or covine within any the said UniPsities and Colledges or townes of Oxford and Cambridge or Suburbes of the same or to any of them or to any of their servantf attending dailie uppon any of them nor to the goods of any Officer Minister Aimes men or servantf belonging to any of the said UniPsities Colledges Halls or Hostellf and dwelling and resiant within the said Univ^sities or either of them or within either of the said Townes of Oxford and Cambridge and the Suburbs of the same without fraude or covin or to the goods and lands of any Hospitall Maisondieu or Spittlehouse ppared and used for the sustentacion and releife of poore people Any thing in this Act contayned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it further enacted that the said Graunt of Subsidies or any thing therein contayned do not in any wise extend or be pjudiciall or hurtfull to any of the inhabitantf or resiantf having dwelt for the most part of the yeare next before the taxing and assessing of the Subsidies aforesaid within the five ports corporate or to any their members incorporated or united to the said five Ports or to any of the said five Ports, but that such the inhabitantf or Resiantf as aforesaid in the said five Ports corporate and their members be and shalbe of and from the said Graunt and payment of every of the said Subsidies and every part thereof and onelie during their resiance as aforesaid and no longer clerelie acquitted and discharged, Any matter or whatsoever thing in this psent Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also that the said Grant of Subsidies do not in any wise extend to be pjudiciall or hurtfull to the English Inhabitantf or Resiantf at this Psent tyme within the Liberties of Rumney Marsh of or for any part of the said s5mes graunted in this psent Parliament of the said English Inhabitantf now there Resiantf or any of them to be taxed set asked levied or paid but that the English Inhabitantf and now Resiantf of Rumney Marshe aforesaid and every of them be and shalbe of and from the graunt and payment of the said Subsidies during their Resiance there and no longer acquited and discharged, Any matter and whatsoever thing in this psent A6te made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse, and be it enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That if any Alien or straunger borne Denizen or not Denizen (l) and inhabiting within this Realme of England shall assigne and convey over unto any his or their childe or children borne within the said Realme of England any his or their Lands Tenementf Goods or Chattellf to the intent thereby to defraud the said Kings Majestie of the said Subsidies of or for the same, that then all and every such childe and children so being seised of any such Lands and Tenementf and possessed of anie such goods or chattellf shalbe charged and chargeable to and with the payment of double the said Subsidies for the same Landes Tenementf Goodes and Chattellf at the said rates and values as Aliens and Straungers Denizens or not Denizens are before limited and appointed to pay.

s

ITEM quedam Peti£6es privatas psonas con§nentes in se formam A&us continen exhibite fuerunt pd£o Dfto Regi in

Parliamento pddo Quap Tituli subscribunf videh.

i. An Acte for the establishing and confirming of the foundacion of the Hospitall of King James founded in Charterhouse in the Countie of Midd at the humble Peticion and onelie Costs and Charges of Thomas Sutton Esquire and of the Possessions thereof.

2. An Acte for assurance of a Joynture to Dame Fraunces wife of Sir Thomas Nevill Knight sonne and Heire apparant of Sir Henry Nevill Knight Lord Abergavenny and to enable the same Lord and Sir Thomas to sell certaine lands for payment of their Debts and pferment of their younger children.

3. An Acte concerning the Inheritance Freehold and possessions of William Earle of Devon.

4. An Acte concerning the Title Name and Dignide of Earle of Arundell and for the annexing of the Casde Honor Mannor and Lordshipp of Arundell in the Countie of Sussex with the Titles and Dignities of the Baronies of Fitz Allen Clun and Oswaldstre and Matravers and with divers other lands tenementf and hereditam* hereafter in this Acte menc&ned being now parcell of the possessions of Thomas Earle of Arundell and Surrey Earle Marshall of England to the same Tytle Name and Dignide of Earle of Arundell.

5. An Acte for the enabling of the right honorable Dutton Lord Gerrard Baron of Gerardf Bromley to make a Joynture to any wife which he shall hereafter marry and to make provision for any his younger children. And for the better securing of porcions and lymittadon of maintenance for Alice Gerrard Fraunces Gerrard and Elizabeth Gerrard sisters of the said Dutton Lord Gerrard and daughters of the late right honorable Gilbert Lord Gerrard deceased.

6. An Acte for the confirmation of ires Patentf made by our late Soveraigne Lord King James to John Earle of Bristoll by the name of John Digby Knight.

7. An Acte for reestadng certaine Mannors Lands and Tenementf in the Counde of Somersett late of William Morgan of Penrose in the Countie of Monmoth Esquire & discharging the trust concerning them.

1 comon 0. 9 and dwelling O.

A.D.\6<27

3° Car. I.

53

8. An Act* for the Naturalizing of Sir Robert Dyell Knight one of the Gentlemen of His Majesties Privie Chamber and George Kerke Esquier one of the Groomes of His Majesties Bedchamber.

9. An Act for the Naturalizing of Sir Daniell Deligne of Harlaxton in the Countie of Lincoln Knight.

10. An Acte for the Naturalizing of Isaac Asteley Henry Asteley Thomas Asteley and Bernard Asteley children and sonnes of Sir Jacob Asteley Knight one of the younger sonnes of Isaac Asteley late of Melton Constable in the Countie of Norff Esquire deceased.

11. An Acte for the Naturalizing of Sir Robert Ay ton Knight.

12. An Act* for the Naturalizing of Samuell Powell borne at Hanborough in the parts beyond the Seas of English parents.

13. An Ac r for the amendement of a word casuallie mistaken and miswritten in an A & of Parliament made in the Session of Parliament holden at Westminster the nyneteenth day of Februarie in the one and twentith yeare of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King James of England intituled An A6te to enable Vincent Lowe of Denbigh in the Countie of Derbie Esquire to sell part of his Lands for payment of his Debts.

14. An Act for the Naturalizing of Alexander Levingston Gent.

15. An Act for the Naturalizing of James Freese borne in Russia.

16. An Act for restitucion in blood of Carew Raleigh sonne of Sir Walter Raleigh late attainted of high Treason and for confirmacion of certaine Ires Patentf made by our late Soveraigne Lord King James to John Earle of Bristoll by the name of John Digby Knight.

17. An Acte for the Naturalizing of John Aldersey Mary Aldersey now the wife of Robert Crane Ann Aldersey Elizabeth Aldersey and Margarett Aldersey children of Samuell Aldersey of the Cide of London Esquire.

18. An Acte for the pfedl setling and confirmacion of the Estates and Customes of the Customary Ten*ntf of the Right honorable Henry now Lord Morley and Lord Mountegle Baron of Rye within the Mannor of Homeby and elsewhere within the Towneshipps of Tatham Gressingham and Eskrigg in the Countie Palatine of Lancaster.

19. An Acte for the Naturalizing of John Trumball and Anne Trumball children of William Trumball Esquire and of William Bere Edward Bere and Sidney Bere sonnes of John Bere Esquire and of Samuell Wentworth sonne of William Wentworth of Dover Marchant.

( 54 )

Anno 16° CAROLI, I. A.D. 1640.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SESSION OF PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, on the Third Day of November, In the SIXTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the First.

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. p. I. nu. J.

II.

If no Parliament summoned before the 16th Sept, in the 3d Year after the last Day of the last Sitting,

then the Parliament to assemble at Westminster in the Manner, and by the Means, and at the Time hereafter mentioned.

<£x iRotulo i&arltamenti he anno ftegni ffiests Caroli, SDecimo dejrto.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoat et tent apud Westift tertio die Novembris Anno Regni serenissimi atq, excellendsami Dni nri Caroli Primi Dei Gra Anglie Scocie Francie et Hibnie Regis Fidei Defensor &c. decimo sexto comuni omniu Domino^ et Comunitatis consensu et Regie Majestatis assensu sancita inaedtata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequentia Statuta ut sequitur videlicet.

Publique Acts.

CHAPTER I.

An Act for the pventing of inconveniencies happening by the long intermission of Parliaments.

WHEREAS by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme the Parliament ought to bee holden att least once every yeare for the redresse of greivances but the appointment of the time and place for the holding thereof hath alwaies belonged as it ought to his Majestie and his Royall Progenitors. And whereas it is by experience found that the not holding of Parliaments accordingly hath produced sundry and great mischeifs and inconveniences to the Kings Majestie the Church and Comon Wealth For the pvention of the like mischeifs and inconveniences in time to come.

Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie with the consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled that the said Lawes and Statutes bee from henceforth duly kept and observed and your Majesties loyall and obedient subjects in this psent Parliament now assembled doe humbly pray that it bee enacted And be it enacted accordingly by the authority of this psent Parliament That in case there be not a Parliament summoned by Writt under the Great Seale of England and assembled and held [' before the tenth day of September which shall bee in the third yeare next after the last day of the last meeting and sitting in this psent Parliament the begining of the first yeare to be accompted from the said last day of the last meeting and sitting in Parliament and soe from time to time and in all times hereafter if there shall not bee a Parliament assembled and held before the tenth day of September which shall be in the third yeare next after the last day of the last meeting and sitting in Parliament before that time assembled and held the begining of the first yeare to bee accounted from the said last day of the last meeting and sitting in Parliament That then in every such case as aforesaid the Parliament shall assemble and bee held in the usuall place att Westminster in such manner and by such meanes onely as is hereafter in this psent Act declared and enabled and not otherwise on the second monday which shall bee in the moneth of November then next ensueing And in case this psent Parliament now assembled and held or any other Parliament which shall att any time hereafter bee assembled and held by Writ under the Great Seale of England or in case any Parliament shall bee assembled and held by authority of this psent Act and such Parham’* or any of them shall be prorogued or adjourned or continued by prorogation or adjournment untill the tenth day of September which shall be in the third yeare next after the last day of the last meeting and sitting in Parliament to bee accompted as aforesaid that then in every such case every such Parliament so prorogued or adjourned or soe continued by prorogation or adjournment as aforesaid shall from the said tenth day of September be thenceforth cleerely and absolutely dissolved and the Lord Chancellor of England the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England and every Commissioner and Commissioners for the keeping of the Great Seale of England for the time being shall within six dayes after the said tenth day of September in every such third yeare as aforesaid in due forme of Law and without any further Warrant or direccon from His Majestie his Heires or Successors Seale issue forth and send abroad several 1 and respective Writs to the severall and respective Peeres of this Realme commanding every such Peer that hee personally bee att the Parliament to be held att Westminster on the second monday which shall be in November next

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 1.

55

following the said tenth day of September then and there to treate concerning the high and urgent Affairs concerning his Majestic the state and defence of the Kingdome and church of England and shall alsoe seale issue forth and send abroad severall and respective Writs to the severall and respective Sheriffs of the several 1 and respective Counties Ciriff and Boroughs of England and Wales and to the Constable of the Castle of Dover Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports or his Lieutennant for the time being and to the Maior and Bailiffs of Barwick upon Tweed and to all and every ocher Officers and Persons to whom Writs have used to be directed for the electing of the Knights Citizens Barons and Burgesses of and for the said Counties Cities Cinque Ports and Boroughs of England and Wales respectively in the accustomed forme to appeare and serve in Parliament to be held at Westminster on the said second Monday which shall be in November aforesaid which said Peers after the said Writs received and which said Knights Citizens Barons and Burgesses chosen by vertue of the said Writs shall then and there appeare and serve in Parliament accordingly And the said Lord Chancellour Lord Keeper Commissioner and Commissioners aforesaid shall respectively take a wdemn Oath upon the Holy Evangelist for the due issuing of Writs according to the tenour of this Act viz. in hec verba.

You shall sweare that you shall truly and faithfully issue forth and send abroad all Writs of Summons to Parliament for both Houses att such time and in such manner as is expressed and enjoyned by an Act of Parliament intituled An Act for the parenting of Inconveniences happening by the long intermission of Parliaments.

Which Oath is forthwith to be taken by the psent Lord Keeper and to be administred by the Clerke of the Crowne to every Lord Chancellour Lord Keeper Commissioner and Coniissioners aforesaid and that none of the said Officers respectively shall henceforth execute any the said Offices before they have taken the said Oath And if the said Lord Chancellour Lord Keeper or any the said Commissioners shall fail or forbeare soc to issue out the said Writs according to the true meaning of this Act then he or they respectively shall beside the incurring of the grievous Sin of perjury be disabled and become by vertue of this Act incapable ipso facto to beare his and their c said Offices respectively and bee further lyable to such punishments as shall be inflicted on him or them by the next or any other ensuing Parliament And in case the said Lord Chancellour Lord Keeper Commissioner or Commissioners aforesaid shall not issue forth the said Writs as aforesaid or in case that the Parliament doe not assemble and bee held att the time and place before appointed Then the Parliament shall assemble and bee held in the usuall place att Westminster in such manner and by such meanes onely as is hereafter in this pfeent Act declared and enacted and not otherwise on the third monday which shall bee in the moneth of January then next ensuing And the Peers of this Realm shall by vertue of this Act bee enabled and are enjoyned to meet in the Old Palace of Westminster in the usuall place there on the third monday in the said moneth of November and they or any twelve or more of them then and there assembled shall on or before the last monday of November next following the tenth day of September aforesaid by vertue of this Act without other Warrant issue out Writts in the usuall forme in the name of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors attested under the Hands and Seales of twelve or more of the said Peers to the severall and respective Sheriffes of the severall and respective Counties Cities and Boroughs of England and Wales and to the Constable of the Castle of Dover Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports or his Lieutennant for the time being and to the Maior and Bayliffs of Berwicke upon Tweed and to all and every other the said Officers and Persons to whom Writs have beene used to bee directed for the electing of the Knights Citizens Barons and Burgesses of and for the said Counties Cities Cinque Ports and Boroughs to bee and appeare att the Parliament att Westminster aforesaid to be held on the third monday in January then next following All and every which Writts the Clerks of the Peltibag and other Clerks to whom the writing of the Writs for Summons to the Parliament doth and shall belong or whom the said Lords or twelve or more of them shall appoint shall att the command of the said Lords soe assembled or of any twelve or more of them make and prepare ready for the signature of the said Lords or any twelve or more of them under paine of the losse of theire places and offices and of such other punishment as in the next or any other ensuing Parliament shall be inflicted on him or them And it is enacted that the said Writs soe issued shall be of the same power and force to all intents anti purposes as the Writs or Summons to Parliament under the Great Seale of England have ever beene or ought to bee And all the Messengers of the Chamber or others whoe shall be appointed by the said Lords or any twelve or more of them are hereby required faithfully and speedyly to deliver the said Writs to every person and persons Sheriffe Officers and others to whom the same shall be directed which if the said Messengers or any of them shall faile to performe they shall forfeit theire respective places and incurre such other pains and punishments as by that or any other ensuing Parliament shall be imposed on them.

And it Is alsoe further enacted that all and ever)* the Peers of this Realme shall make theire appearance and .Jiall assemble on the said third monday in January in such manner and to such efteft and with such power as if they had received every of them Writs of Summons to Parliament under the Great Seale of England in the usuall and accustomed manner And in case the said Lords or twelve or more of them shall faile to issue forth such Writs or that the said Writs doe not come to . the said severall Counties Cities Cinque Ports and Boroughs soe that an election bee not thereupon made And in case there be not a Parliament assembled and held] before the three and twentieth day of the said moneth of January and soe from time to time and in all times hereafter if there shall not be a Parliament assembled and held before the said three and twentieth day of January then in every such case as aforesaid the Parliament shall assemble and be held in the usuall Place att Westminster in such manner and by such meanes onely as is hereafter in this p>sent Act declared anil enacted and not otherwise on the second Tuesday which shall bee in the moneth of March next after the said three and twentieth day of January Att which Parliament the Peers of this Realme shall make theire appearance and shall assemble att the time and place aforesaid and shall each of them be liable unto such paines and censures for his and theire not appearing and serving then and there in ftrliament as if hee or they had beene summoned by Writ under the Great Seale of England and had not appeared and served and to such further paines and censures as by the rest of the Peers in Parliament assembled they shall bj adjudged unto.

Lord Chancellor and Commissioners to take an Oath to issue Writs.

Failing to issue Writs;

Perjuiy and Disability of Office and other Punishments.

If Writs not issued, and Parliament do not meet.

Peers enabled to meet in the old Palace of Westminster and by virtue of this Act to issue Writs.

Clerks of the IVtty Bag, See. to prepare such Writs for Signature of the Lords. Omitting r.o to do. Punishment.

Messengers, xc. to deliver Writs.

Omitting so to do. Punishment.

1IT.

Peers to assemble t lie 3d Monday in January.

And in case Parliament not assembled he lore 2 3*1 January,

then to hr assembled by such Mean* only as hcrcaftcrmeiitioiu J.

56

16° Car. I. c.l.

A.D. 1640.

IV.

Sheriffs and all other Officers to cause Knights, &c. to be chosen as if Writs had issued;

and if Sheriffs, Ac. do not proceed;

then the Freeholders, &c. and others having Voice in Election, to proceed to Election without further Warrant.

And for the better assembling of the Knights Citizens Barons and Burges to the said Parliament as aforesaid It is further enacted that the severall and respective Sheriffs of theire severall and respective Counties Cities and Boroughs of England and Wales and the Chancellor Masters and Schollers of both and every of the Universities and the Maior and Bailiffs of the Borough of Barwick upon Tweed shall att the severall Courts and Places to be held and appointed for theire respective Counties Universities Cities and Boroughs next after the said three and twentieth day of January cause such Knight and Knights Citizen and Citizens Burgesse and Burgesses of theire said Counties Universities Cities and Buroughs respectively to be chosen by such persons and in such manner as if severall and respective Writs of Summons to Parliament under the Great Seale of England had issued and been awarded And in case any of the severall Sheriffs or the Chancellour Masters and Schollers of either of the Universities or the Maior and Bailiffs of Barwick respectively doe not before ten of the clocke in the forenoone of the same day wherein the severall and respective Courts and Places shall bee held or appointed for theire severall and respective Counties Universities Cities and Boroughs as aforesaid begin and proceed on according to the meaning of this Law in causing Elections to be made of such Knight and Knights Citizen and Citizens Burgesse and Burgesses of theire said Counties Universities Cities and Boroughs as aforesaid then the Tree holders of each County and the Masters and Schollers of every of the Universities and the Citizens and others having voices in such Election respectively in each University City and Borough that shall be assembled att the said Courts or Places to be held or appointed as aforesaid shall forthwith without further Warrant or direction proceed to the Election of'such Knight or Knights Citizen or Citizens Burgesse or Burgesses aforesaid in such manner as is usuallin case of Writs of Summons issued and awarded.

V.

Sheriffs, Constables of Dover Castle, and Lord Warden of Cinque Ports, to send forth Precepts for Election

as if Writs had issued.

If Default, then Electors to proceed.

Knights, See. elected to appear and serve in Parliament.

Sheriffs, &c. to make Returns as if Writs had issued $ and if Default, then Electors to make Returns, which shall be good.

Persons advising any Proceedings contrary to this Act

Premunire,

and Disability to sue, &c.

Sheriff or other Officer not obeying this Act,

Penalties.

How recovered.

And it is further enacted that the severall and respective Sheriffs of theire severall and respective Counties and the Constables of the Castle of Dover and Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports or his Leiutenant for the time being respectively shall after the said three and twentieth day of January and before the eighth day of February then immediately next ensuing award and send forth theire Precepts to the severall and respective Cities and Boroughs within theire severall Counties and likewise unto the said Cinque Ports respectively comanding them respectively to make choice of such Citizen and Citizens Barons [Burge'] and Burgesses to serve in the said Parliament att the time and place aforesaid Which said Cities Cinque Ports and Boroughs respectively shall before the last day of the said Moneth of February make election of such Citizen and Citizens Barons Burgesse and Burgesses as if Writs for summoning of a Parliament under the Great Seale of England had issued and beene awarded And in case no such pcept shall come unto the said Cities Cinque Ports and Boroughs respectively by the time herein limited or in case any precept shall come and no election be made thereupon before the said last day of February That then the severall Citizens Burgesses and other Persons that ought to elect and send Citizens Barons and Burgesses to the Parliament shall on the first Tuesday in March then next ensueing the said last day of February make choice of such Citizen and Citizens Barons [Burge'] and Burgesses as if a Writ of Summons under the Great Seale of England had issued and beene awarded and precepts thereupon issued to such Cities Cinque Ports and Boroughs which Knights Citizens Barons and Burgesses so chosen shall appeare and serve in Parliament att the time and place aforesaid and shall each of them be liable unto such paines and censures for his and theire not appearing and serving then and theire in Parliament as if hee or they had beene elected and chosen by vertue of a Writ under the Great Seale cf England and shall be likewise subject unto such further paines and censures as by the rest of the Knights Citizens and Burgesses assembled in the Commons House of Parliament hee or they shall be adjudged unto And the Sheriffs and other Officers and persons to whom it appertained shall make returnes and accept and receive the returnes of such Elections in like manner as if Writs of Summons had issued and beene executed as hath beene used and accustomed and in default of the Sheriffs and other Officers respectively in not accepting or makeing retume of such Elections it shall and may be lawfull to and for the severall Freeholders and other persons that have elected to make returns of the Knights Citizens Barons and Burgesses by them elected which shall bee as good and effectuall to all intents and Purposes as if the Sheriffe or other Officers had received a Writ of Summons for a Parliament and had made such returnes And that such Elections Precepts and returnes shall bee had and made att such times by such persons and in such manner as before in this Act is expressed and declared according to the true intent and meaning of this Law Any Writ Proclamation Edict Act Restraint Inhibition Order or Warrant to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding And in case any person or persons shall be soe hardy to advise frame contrive serve or put in execution any such Writs Proclamation Edict Act Restraint Inhibition Order or Warrant thereupon then hee or they soe offending shall incur and sustain the paines penalties and forfeitures limited ordained and provided in and by the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the sixteenth yeare of King Richard the Second and shall from thenceforth bee disabled during his life to sue or implead any person in any action reall or personall or to make any Gift Grant Conveyance or other disposition of any his Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods or Chattels which hee hath to his owne use either by Act executed in his life time or by his last Will or otherwise or to take any Gift Conveyance or Legacie to his owne use or to take any benefit of any Gift Conveyance or Legacie to his owne use And if any Sheriffe Constable of the Castle of Dover or Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports shall not performe his duty enjoyned by this Act then hee shall lose and forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds and every County City Cinque Port and Borough that shall not make Election of theire Knights Citizens Barons and Burgesses respectively shall incur the Penalties following (that is to say) every County the sume of one thousand Pounds and every City which is noe County twoe hundred pounds and every Cinque Port and Borough the sum of one hundred pounds All and every of which severall forfeitures and all other forfeitures in this Act mentioned shall and may bee recovered in any of the Kings Courts of Record att Westminster by and in the name of the Lord Maior of the City of London for the time being without nameing the Christian name or simame of the said Lord Maior for the time being by action of debt bill plaint or information wherein no essoin prote&ion wager of Law aid prayer priviledge injunction or order of restraint shall bee in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any

1 Burges 0.

16° Car. I. c. 1.

57

more then one imparlance And if any person after notice given that the Action depending is grounded or prosecuted upon or by vertue of this Statute shall cause or procure any such Action to bee stayed or delayed before Judgement by colour or meanes of any Order Warrant Power or Authority save onely of the Court wherein such Action as aforesaid shall be brought or depending or after Judgment had upon such Action shall cause or procure the execution of or upon any such Judgment to bee stayed or delayed by colour or meanes of any order warrant power or authority save onely by Writ of Errour or Attaint that then the said persons soe offending shall incurre and sustain all and every the paines penalties and forfeitures limited ordained and provided in and by the said Statute of Provision and Ptemunire made in the sixteenth yeare of King Richard the Second And if any Lord Maior of London shall att any time hereafter commence or preferre any such Suite Action or Information and shall happen to die or be removed out of his office before recovery and execution had that yet no such Action Suit or Information sued commenced or preferred shall by such displacing or death be abated discontinued or ended but that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Lord Maior of the City of London next succeeding in that office and place to prosecute pursue and follow all and every such Action Bill Plaint or Information for the causes aforesaid soe hanging and depending in such manner and forme and to all intents and purposes as that Lord Maior might have done which first commenced or preferred the same the fifth part of ,all and every the forfeitures in this Act mentioned shall goe and be to and for the use and behoofe of the City of London and the other four parts and residue to be employed and disposed to and for such onely uses intents and purposes as by the Knights Citizens and Burgesses in Parliament assembled shall be declared directed and appointed Provided that in case the Freeholders of any County and Inhabitants or other persons having or claiming power to make election of any Knights Citizens Barons or Burgesses shall proceed to making of election of theire Knights Citizens Barons and Burgesses which election shall afterwards fall out to bee afterwards adjudged or declared void in Law by the House of Commons by reason of equality of voices or misdemeanour of any person whatsoever then the said County City Cinque Port or Borough shall not incurre the penalties in this Law soe as an election de facto be made.

And it is further enacted that noe Parliament henceforth to bee assembled shall be dissolved or prorogued within fiftie dayes att the* least after the time appointed for the meeting thereof unlesse it be by assent of his Majesty his beires or successours and of both Houses in Parliament assembled And that neither the House of Peers nor the House of Commons shall be adjourned within fifty dayes att least after the meeting thereof unlesse it bee by the free consent of every the said houses respectively.

And bee it further enacted and declared by authority of this present Parliament that the Peers to be assembled att any Parliament by vertue of this Act shall and may from time to time att any time during such theire assembly in Parliament choose and declare such person to bee Speaker for the said Peers as they shall thinke fitt And likewise that the said Knights Citizens and Burgesses to bee assembled att any Parliament by vertue of this Act shall and may from time to time at any time during such theire assembly in Parliament choose and declare one of themselves to bee Speaker for the said Knights Citizens and Burgesses of the House of C5mons assembled in the said Parliament as they shall thinke fitt which said Speakers and every of them aswell for the said Peers as for the said House of Commons respectively shall by vertue of this Act be perfect and compleat Speakers for the said Houses respectively and shall have as full and large power jurisdiction and priviledges to all intents and purposes as any Speaker or Speakers of either of the said houses respectively [herefore *] bav® find or enjoyed.

And it is further enacted and declared that all Parliaments hereafter to bee assembled by authority of this Act and every member thereof shall have and enjoy all rights priviledges jurisdictions and immunities as any Parliament summoned by Writ under the Great Seale of England or any member thereof might or. ought to have and all and every the Members that shall be elected and chosen to serve in any Parliament hereafter to be assembled by authority of this Act as aforesaid shall assemble and meet in the Comons House of Parliament and shall enter into the same and have voices in such Parliament before and without the takeing the severall Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance or either of them any Lawe or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies that if the Kings Majesty his heires or successors shall att any time during any Parliament hereafter to be assembled by authority of this Act as aforesaid award or direct any Comission or Comissions unto any penon or persons whatsoever thereby giving power and authority to him or them to take and receive the Oath of Supremacy and Allegiance of all or any the Members of the Comons house of Parliament and any the Members of that House being duly required thereunto shall refuse or neglect to take and pronounce the same that from thenceforth such person soe refuseing or neglecting shall bee deemed no member of that house nor shall have any voice therein and shall suffer such paines and penalties as if he had presumed to sit in the same house without election return or authority.

And it is likewise provided and enacted that this Statute shall be publikely read yearely att every Generali Sessions of the Peace to be held next after the Epiphany and every Assizes then next ensuing by the Clerke of the Peace and Clerke of the Assises for the time being respectively and if they or either of them shall neglect or fail to doe the same accordingly then such party soe neglecting or failing shall forfeit the sum of One hundred Pounds.

And it is lastly provided and enacted that His Majesties Royall Assent to this Bill shall not thereby determine this present Session of Parliament and that all Statutes and Acts of Parliament which are to have continuance unto the end of this present Session shall bee of full force after His Majesties Assent untill this psent Session be fully ended and determined And if this present Session shall determine by dissolution of this present Parliament then all the Acts and Statutes aforesaid shall be continued untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

1 heretofore 0.

Procuring A A ion or Execution under this AD to be stayed, flee.

Premunire.

Such ADion not to abate by Death of Plaintiff.

Forfeitures how to go and be disposed of.

Proviso as to ElcDions afterwards adjudged void.

VI.

As to the time of dissolving or proroguing Parliament after its First Meeting.

VII.

Peers and Commons to be assembled by virtue of this AD may respectively choose their Speaker.

Such Speakers to enjoy all the accustomed Powera and Privileges.

VIII. Parliaments assembled by Authority of this AD to enjoy all the accustomed Privileges of Parliament.

IX.

Member of any Parliament to he hereafter assembled by Authority of this AD to take the Oath of Allegiance if required by the King, or excluded.

X.

This AD to be publicly read at Sessions of the Peace and Assises. Penalty.

XI.

The Royal Assent to this AD not to determine the Sessions. Continuance of ADs.

16° Car. I. c. 2.

Rot. Parl. 16 Car.

p. i.mi. 2.

Distresses of the Army and People in the Northern Parts.

For Relief whereof,

Four entire Subsidies granted.

What Persons and what Property to be rated.

Aliens.

Popish Recusants Convict.

II.

Lands, &c. of the Yearly Value of 206. 4s. in the Pound.

Aliens, Denizen or not, and Fopish Recusant Convicts, 8s. in the Pound.

Value of Property charged certified.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for the releif of His Majesties Annie and the Northern Parts of the Kingdome.

MOST gracious Soveraign Your Majesties most humble and loyall Subjects the Commons in your high Court of Parliament now assembled haveing duly considered the great wants and distresses that your Army and People in the Northern Parts of this your Kingdome doe sustain and the eminent danger that your Kingdome is in Albeit Subsidies or the supply or support of publike affaires (by what name or names soever the same be called) are not used to be granted at the begining of Parliaments but after such time as the grievances of the people have

beene heard and redressed which can never soe cleerely appeare to soveraigne Majestie as in Parliaments where

people have theire immediate accesse unto theire soveraigne yet for the avoiding the eminent danger that your Kingdome is in for the present reliefe of your Army and of those distressed Countreys the safety of your Majestie

and Children (soe that it bee not drawne into President for future times) they humbly beseech your Majestie that

it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authority of the same that foure entire Subsidies shall be rated taxed levied and paid att two severall payments att the times hereafter in this Act expressed of every person Spirituall and Temporall of what estate or degree he or they be of according to the tenor of this Act in manner and forme following (that is to say) that aswell every person borne within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions as all and every Fraternity Guild Corporation Mysterie Brotherhood and Comunaltie Corporate and not Corporate within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions being worth three pounds as well in Coin and the value of every pound that every such person Fraternity Guild Corporation Mysterie Brotherhood and Comunalty Corporate or not Corporate hath of his or theire owne or any other hath to his or theire use As alsoe in Plate Stocke of Merchandize all manner of come and grain Housholdstuffe and of all other goods moveable as well within this Realme as without and of all such sums of money as to him or them is or shall be owing whereof he or they trust in his or theire conscience surely to be paid (except and out of the pJmisses deducted) such Sums of money as he or they doe owe and in his or theire consciences intend truly to pay and except alsoe the Apparell of every such persons their wives and children belonging to theire owne bodies (saving Jewells Gold Silver Stone and Pearle) shall pay to and for every of the said Subsidies twoe shillings eight pence of every pound And alsoe every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Kings obeysance aswell denizens as others inhabiting within this Realme and alsoe every popish recusant convict or which before the time of the Assesment of the severall subsidies by this present Act granted shall be a popish recusant convict or which are or shall be indicted for popish recusancy and theire Indiftments either are or shall be removed by certiorari or being not removed shall not by appearance and traverse legally be discharged before the said Assesment soe to be made or shall not have received the holy Comunion according to the rites of the Church of England within one whole yeare next before the said Assesment shall be made of every pound that hee or they or any other to his or theire use in trust or otherwise shall have in Coine and the value of every pound in Plate Corn Grain Merchandize Housholdstuffe or other Goods Jewells Chattels moveables and immoveable as is aforesaid as well within this Realme as without and of all Sums of money to him or them owing whereof hee or they trust in his or there conscience to be paid (except and out of the pmisses deducted every such sum and summes of money which he or they doe owe and in his or theire conscience or consciences intend truly to pay) shall pay to and for every of the said Subsidies five shillings and four pence of every pound And alsoe that every Alien and Stranger born out of the Kings Dominions being Denizen or not Denizen not being contributary to any the rates aforesaid and being of the age of staven yeares or above and every Popish Recusant convict or which before the time of the Assesment of the severall Subsidies by this present Act granted shall be a Popish Recusant convict being of the age of seaventeen yeares or which being of the Age of one and twentie yeares hath not received the Holy Communion within one yeare then last past shall pay to and for every [of1] the said severall Subsidies eight pence for every poll And the Master or he or shee with whom the said Alien or such Papist is or shall be abiding att the time of the taxation or taxations thereof to be charged with the same for lacke of Payment thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that every person borne under the Kings obeysance and every Corporation Fraternity Guild Mysterie Brotherhood and Communalty Corporate or not Corporate for every pound that every of the same persons and every Corporation Fraternity Guild Mysterie Brotherhood and Communalty Corporate or not Corporate or any other to his or theire use in trust or otherwise hath in Fee Simple Fee Tail for term of life term of yeares by execution Wardshipp or by Copy of Court Roll of and in any Honours Castles Mannors Lands Tenements Rents Services Hereditaments Annuities Fees Corrodies or other yearely Proflits of the yearely value of twenty shillings as well within ancient demeasne and other places priviledged as elsewhere and soe upward shall pay to and for every the said Subsidies four shillings of and for every pound And every Alien Denizen or not Denizen born out of the Kings obeysance and every Popish Recusant convict of what Estate or degree soever they bee of or which before the time of the Assesment of the severall Subsidies by this present Act granted shall be a Popish Recusant convict or which shall bee indicted for Popish Recusancie and theire Indiftments are or shall be removed by Certiorari or being not removed shall not by appearance and traverse legally be discharged before the said Assessement soe to be made or being of the age of twenty and one yeares shall not have received the Holy Communion according to the rites of the Church of England within one whole yeare next before the said Assessement shall be made in such case to pay to and for every the said severall Subsidies eight shillings for every pound. And that all summs to be presented and chargeable by this Act either for goods and debts or either of them or for Lands Tenements and other the pmisses as is in this Act contained shall bee att the said payments set and taxed after the rate and proportion according to the true meaning of this Act Lands and Tenements chargeable to the

■ ■ ■" - ——S ' "■ »-■ ■ ' ■- • . ■ -

J interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 164Q.

16° Car. I. c.

59

Domes of the Clergy and yearely wages due to servants for theire yearely service (other then. the Kings Servants taking yearely wages of five pounds or above onely excepted and foreprized) And that all- Plate Coyn Jewels Goods Debts and Chattels Personalis and all Lands Tenements and other the premisses as aforesaid being in the rule and custody of1 any person or persons to the use of any Corporation Fraternity Guild Mysterie Brotherhood or any Communalty being Corporate or not Corporate be and shall be rated set and charged by reason of this Act att the value certified by the presenters in theire Certificate for every pound in goods and debts as is aforesaid and for every pound in Lands Tenements Annuities Fees Corrodies and other yeerely profits as is aforesaid and the Sums that are above rehearsed set and taxed to be levied and taken of them that shall have such goods in custodie or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehearsed and the same person and persons and Bodies Corporate by authority of this Act shall bee discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same att the time of the payment or delivery thereof or att his otherwise departure from the custodie or possession of the same (except and alwaies foreprized from the charge and assessement of the said Subsidies all goods chattels jewells and ornaments of Churches and chappels [which have beene ordained & used in Churches & Chappells'] for the honour and service of Almighty God). And the twoe first of the said four Subsidies shall be by authority aforesaid taxed sessed and rated according to this Act in every Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cities, Borough Town, and in every other place within this Realme of England and Dominion of Wales before the seaven and twentieth day of February in the yeare of our Lord God 1640 and the two other of the said four Subsidies shall by the authority aforesaid be taxed sessed rated before the first day of Aprill next ensuing and the particular Sums of every Shire Riding Borough Towne and other place aforesaid with the particular names of such as are or shall bee chargeable to and for the payment of the said Subsidies to bee taxed and sett by the Commissioners for the same to be limited or two of them att the least with the names of the high Collectors and in the same forme shall be certified into the Kings Court of Exchequer the first twoe of the said Subsidies before the fourth day of March next coming and the other twoe of the said Subsidies before the [twentieh *] day of Aprill next coming. And the said sums in forme aforesaid to be taxed to and for the payment of the said two first Subsidies shall be paid in one intire Sum unto Sir Thomas Barrington Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Pye Knight Arthur Capell Esquire Thomas Soame & Isaac Penington Aldermen of the City of London now Members of the House of Commons in this present Parliament assembled and unto Robert Bateman Chamberlaine of the City of London att or before the tenth day of March next coming at or in a place within the Guildhall of the City of London comonly called The Chamberlains Office and the said sums in manner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the payment of the two last of the said four Subsidies shall be paid att one intire sum unto the said Sir Thomas Barrington Sir Robert Pye Arthur Capell Thomas Soame Isaac Penington and Robert Bateman att or before the tenth day of May next coming at or in the said place called The Chamberlains Office and that the said Treasurers or Receivers or any one or more of them upon the receipt of any money from the high Collectors by this Statute to be authorised shall make unto every of the said Collectors one or more Acquittances under the hands and Seales of the respective Treasurers or Receivers that shall receive the same testifying the receipt of soe much money as hee shall receive and that the producing of the said Acquittances soe made shall be as a sufficient Warrant for the said Collectors to passe theire Account as any Tally or Constat out of the Receipt and the sums above said of and for the said Subsidies shall be taxed set asked and demanded taken gathered levied and paid to the persons and uses in this present A cl expressed aswell within liberties franchises san&uaries ancient demeasnes and other whatsoever places exempt or not exempt as without (except such shires places and persons as shall be foreprized in and by this present Act) any Grant Charter Prescription Use or Libertie by reason of any Letters Patents or other Priviledge Prescription Allowance for the same or whatsoever other matter or discharge heretofore to the contrary made granted used or obtained notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted by authority of this present Parliament That every such person aswell such as be born under the Kings Obeysance as every other person stranger born denizen or not denizen inhabiting within this Realme or within Wales or other the Kings Dominions which att the time of the same assessings or taxations or any or every of them to be had or made shall be out of this Realme or out of Wales and have Goods Chattels Lands or other Tenements Fees or Annuities or other Profits within this Realm or in Wales shall be charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitants of the place where such Goods Chattels Lands Tenements or other the pmisses then shall be or in such place where such person or persons or his or theire Factor Deputy or Atturney shall have his or theire most resort unto within this Realm or in Wales in like manner as if the person were or had beene att the time of the said assessing within this Realm and that every person abiding or dwelling within or without this Realm shall be charged and chargeable to the said severall Subsidies granted by this Act according and after the rate of such yearely substance or value of Lands or Tenements Goods Chattels and other the premisses as every person soe to be charged shall be set at at the time of the said assessing or taxation upon him to be made and no otherwise.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the assessing and ordering of the said Subsidies to be duely had the Lord Chancellour of England or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal the Lord Treasurer of England the Lord President of the Kings Councell the Lord Privie Seal the Lord Admirall of England the Lord Steward of the Kings Household and the Lord Chamberlain of the Kings most honourable Household for the time being or two of them att the least (whereof the Lord Chancellour or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale or the Lord Treasurer for the time being to be one) shall and may name and appoint such and soe many persons as they in theire discretion shall thinke fitt to be Commissioners for the rating and taxing of the honourable Household of the Kings

First Two Subsidies rated and set before the 27th Feb. 1640, and the Two other before the 1 at April next ensuing.

Name* of Persons charged to be certihed to Exchequer.

Names of Persons to whom Sums of first Two Subsidies to be paid.

The like of the Sums of the last Two Subsidies.

Acquittances to be given to the Collectors.

in.

Aliens and others, who at the time of the said Assessments are out the Realm,

to be charged by the Certificate of Inhabitants of the Place where Property taxed is situate.

IV.

For the assessing the said Subsidies great Officers of State to appoint Commissioners.

* interlined on the Roll.

" twentieth O.

Nimet of the Commissioner!.

16° Car. I. c. 2.

A.D. 1640.

Majesde in what Shire or other place the said Houshold shall happen then to be And the said Chancellour of England or Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being or such Comissioners as shall have the Custodie thereof shall make and direct out of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seale severall Commissions for the sessing and levying of the said severall Subsidies according to the true meaning of this A & in manner and forme hereafter expressed (viz.)

For his Majesties houshold Unto the persons in manner aforesaid to be nominated.

And for the County of Bedford

Unto Sir Robert Napper Knight and Baronet Sir Beecham St John Sir Oliver Luke Sir Peter Osborne Sir Lewes Dive Sir Samuel Luke Sir William Bryers Sir George Russell Knights Richard Taylor Serjeant att Law William Duncombe William Boteler Thomas Rolt William Palmer James Beverley John Wingate Henry Chester Humphrey Fish Walter Rolt John Vaux and Thomas Sadler Esquires.

For the Towne of Bedford

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir Samuel Luke Knight Richard Taylor, Serjeant at Law Francis Bannister Doctor of Phisick Thomas Paradyne Thomas Hanse Gentlemen.

For the County of Buckingham

Sir Peter Temple Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Tyrrell Baronet Sir Edmund Varney Sir Alexander Denton Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Richard Ingoldsby Sir Robert Dormer Sir William Andrews Sir Thomas Sanders Sir Henry Croke Knights Peter Dorrell Robert Busby Thomas Risley Raph Varney Richard Greenvile John Dormer Richard Winwood Thomas Tirringham [John Tirringham *] Thomas Egleston of Rainslow Thomas Duncombe of Brickhill Thomas Tyrrel Thomas Longevile Thomas Lea the Elder Richard Serjeant William Hakewill Thomas Westall Esquires John Duncombe Gentleman.

For the Town and Borough of Buckingham The Bailiefs for the time being Sir Peter Temple Knight and Baronet Sir Alexander Denton Knight Robert Smith and John Nicolls Gentlemen.

For the County of Berk

Sir John Backhouse Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Hanson Knight Thomas Manwaring John Hanson George Purefey Thomas Fedplace Samuel Dunch Henry Pole Humphrey Dolman William Barker and Roger Knight of Gwinham Esquires.

For the Borough of New Windsor Unto the Maior for the time being John Hersy William Tayleur Edmund Eyre William Stebing Thomas Johnson Esquires John Spencer Doctor in Physick William Boles Gentleman.

For the County of Cornwall

Unto Sir John Trelawny Knight and Baronet John Sentaubyn John Arundell de Sithine William Harris John Trefusis Rennattus Bellot William Pendarvis Charles Trevanin Thomas Herl Hugh Boscawen Peter Courtney John Carter Samuel Cosworth Samson Manaton Humphrey Nichols Hender Moulsworth Charles Roscarrock Paul Speccot Christopher Worthiall George Hele Timothy Brawning John Moyle Nicholas Trefusis William Courtney William Glin Walter Langdon and John Carew Esquires.

For the County of Cumberland Unto Sir Patridus Curwen Baronet Sir George Dalson and Sir Thomas Dacres Knights Henry Fletcher Richard Barwia John Skelton Peter Senhouse Richard Tolson William Lawson and William Briscoe Esquires.

For the County of Cambridge Unto Sir John Cuts and Sir James Reynolds Knights Francis Russell John Cotton James Reynolds William Allington Robert Peyton Michael Dalton Thomas Wendy Thomas Willis Isaac Barron Thomas Tyrrell William March Robert Lukin John Layer Edward Buckworth Besney Betts William Barnes John Craine Esquires James Ayliff Thomas Simonds William Fisher Robert Castle John Hubbard John Ducket John [Wildbore1] and John Whistler Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Cambridge Unto Sir John Cuts Knight the Maior for the time being Isaac Barrow Talbot Pepys Recorder Esquires Samuel Spalding John Sherwood Robert Twells Aldermen.

For the Countie of Chester

Unto Sir George Booth Sir Richard Wilbraham Sir Thomas Delves Sir Richard Grosvenor [Knighs3] and Baronets Sir Edward Fitton Sir William Brereton Baronets Sir Tho. Brereton Knight Richard Brereton Henry Leigh Thomas Stanley William Davenport William Downs Peter Venables George Cotton Roger Wilbraham Hugh Wilbraham Peter Warburton of the Grange Henry Bunbury William Whitmore Henry Burkenhead William Glegg John Crewe George Purstowe Thomas Crackstone William Liversage Philip Manwaring William Marbury and Thomas Cholmeley Esquires.

1 interlined on the Roll. • Wilbore O. Knightf

A.D.X640.

16° Car. I.* c. 2.

For the City and the County of the City of Chester

Unto Thomas Aldersey Maior Sir Thomas Smith Knight Robert Brerewood Esquire Serjeant att Law Recorder Francis Goonall William Goonall Esquires Christopher Bleasse Charles Walley Nicholas Ince Aldermen.

For the County of Derby

Unto Sir George Greasley Sir Thomas Burdet Baronets Sir Edward Vernon Sir John Fitzherbert Sir John Fhzherbert Knights Thomas Greasley Christopher Horton William Cooke John Agard Samuel Sleigh John Bullock Simon Every Esqs John Gell Esquire Henry Gilbert Gentleman the Maior of Chesterfield Christopher Fulwood John Mil ward John Manners John Shawcroft Randall Ashenhurst Francis Rhodes Edward Revell and Francis Revell Esquires and Lionell Fanshawe Gentleman.

And for the Borough of Derby

Unto Edward Long Maior John Hope Henry Wandell Luke Whittington Aldermen John Bullock Esquire Roger Allestry and Robert Meller Gentlemen

For the County of Devon

Sir Edward Seymer Knight and Baronet Sir George Chudleigh Sir Lewes Pollard Sir John Pole Sir Peter Prideaux Baronets Sir John Speccot Sir Samuel Role Sir Shilston Calmady Sir John Chichester Sir Nicholas Martin Sir John Young Knights John Bampfeild Arthur Basset John Ackland Arthur Champemoun John Harris Hugh Fortescue John Gifford Anthony Dennis Thomas Southcott Edward Arscote Samson Hele John Berry William Tothill Robert Savery Henry Waldron John Davy Francis Bluet Richard Columbe Walter Hele James Welsh Edward Yarde Richard Cabell Richard Duke Alexander Maynard William Maurice Thomas Risden Robert Stafford Edmond Fowell William Fry Humphrey Prouz John Peter and John Yeo Esquires

For the City and County of Exon

John Penney Esquire Maior Thomas Crossing John Lynn Nicholas Spicer John Hackwell Adam Bennet Roger Mallecke and James Tucker Esquires

For the County of Dorset

Unto Sir Thomas Trenchard Knight Sir John Miller Knight John Browne Angel Graye Gregory Gibs Richard Brodrip John Arnold James Frampton George Williams Richard Bingham Thomas Tregumell William Savage Esquires John Dolling Bampfeild Chafing Edmund Ogden John Hannam Esquires and Robert Tooe Gentleman

For the Towne and County of Pool

Unto Richard Mayer Maior George Scot Alexander Wayte Gentlemen

For the County of Yorke and for the Westrid of the County of Yorke

Unto Sir Francis Wortley Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Goodrick Sir William Lyster Sir Arthur Ingram junior Sir John Ramsden Sir Edward Rhodes Sir Thomas Wentworth Sir William Fairfax Sir Jerves Cutler Sir Richard Hutton Knights William Ingleby Henry Arthington John Key Robert Rockley Ingram Hopton William West Jerves Hamond Henry Cholmeley Nicholas Yarbrough John Farrar William White Thomas Parker William Wombwell George Marwood Thomas Lister John Robinson Gregory Armitage Thomas Stockdale Esquires Benjamin Wade and Joseph Hillary Gentlemen.

For the Northrid of the County of Yorke Unto Sir Marmaduke Wyvell Sir Thomas Gore Knights and Baronets Sir Corners Darcy Sir William Sheffield Sir Richard Darley Sir Thomas Layton Sir Thomas Gore Sir Henry Frankland Knights Henry Fowls Mathew Hutton John Dalton Henry Anderson John Calverley John Wastall John Dodsworth junior Arthur Awdbrough Roger Wyvell William Caley John Cholmely Christopher Perchehay Charles Tanckard John Talbot George Metcalf George Trotter James Pennyman Richard Wyn Christopher Waters Stephen Jackson Francis Rookeby Mathew Smelt Francis Lassels Esquires Robert Wild John Robinson Stephen Jackson James Cholmeley George Corners Francis Tompson William Ford Richard Tompson William Standley James Moore Thomas Lassels William Pinckney John Dent Robert Colchester & William Fish Gentlemen

For the Eastrid of the County of Yorke Unto Sir Henry Griffith Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Metham Sir William Alford Sir Philip Mountain Sir Michael Wharton Sir John Vavasor Sir Thomas Rennington Sir Arthur Robinson Knights Thomas Anlaby John Legard Richard Remington William Saint Quyntin Thomas Heblethwait Christopher Appleyard John Constable William Grimston Robert Crompton Francis Thorpe Christopher Ridley Gregory Crake John Anlaby Charles Bowes Stephen Tompson and John Overton Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of [the1] Yorke

Sir Robert Belt Knight Lord Maior Sir William Allanson and Sir Roger Jaques Knights and Aldermen Sir Thomas Widdrington Knight Recorder Leonard Betson Christopher Croft Edmund Cooper Robert Hemsworth Thomas Hoyle Janies Hutchinsen Thomas Hodgson Henry Tompson John Vaux and William Scot Aldermen.

1 O. omiti.

62

16° Car. I. c. 2.

A.D. 1640

For the Towne and County of Hull

John Barnard Esquire Maior Robert Legard Esquire James Watkinson Christopher Legard Henry Barnard John Gaton Gentlemen

For the County of Essex

Robert Lord Rich Sir Thomas Barrington Sir Harbottle Grimston Knights and Baronets Sir Thomas Bendish Sir Benjamin Ayloffe Sir William Hicks Sir William Masham Sir Richard Everard Sir William Luckin Sir William Wiseman Baronets Sir Henry Mildmay Knight Master of the Jewell house Sir Thomas Cheeke Sir Henry Mildmay of Moulsham Sir William Maxey Sir Henry Holcroft Sir Thomas Bowes Sir Francis Cooke Sir Henry Saint George Sir William Rowe Sir William Martin Sir Thomas Honywood Sir Humphrey Mildmay Sir John Harrington (1) Sir John Barrington [Knights*] Harbottle Grimston Esquire Sir Martin Lumley Knight and Baronet Robert Kempt John Argoll Edward Keightley John Wakering William Gouldingham Euseby Wright Edward Palmer William Corners Thomas Fanshawe John Wright William Atwood George Walton James Altham Timothy Middleton Nathaniel Bacon Anthony Luther Thomas Smith John Meade John Brooke Cary Harvey Mildmay Deane Tindall Henry Wiseman Robert Mildmay de Tarling Edward Berket Esquires.

For the Town of Colchester

The Maior for the time being Harbottle Grimston Esquire Recorder Robert Buckston Esquire Henry Barret Aldermen Roger Coleman.

And for the Towne of Malden Unto the two Bailiffs for the time being Jeremiah Browning and John Francis.

For the Towne of Harwich

Unto the Maior for the time being Harbottle Grimstone Esquire Recorder Richard Hankins Robert Hawkes.

For the County of Gloucester Unto Sir Baynham Throckmorton Baronet Sir William Masters Sir Ralph Dutton Sir John Seamor Sir Maurice Berkley Sir Robert Cooke Knights Richard Berkley Henry Poole John Prettyman John Stephens Thomas Escourt John Fetyplace Esquires William Trye John Howe Robert Hope Esquires Stephen Fowler Gentleman Thomas Chester Edward Stephens John Cothrington Samuel Cothrington John Smith junior Anthony Kinscot Esquires William Stratford John Berrow Thomas Morgan William Jones Richard Ayleworth Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Gloucester Unto Thomas Hill Esquire Maior Anthony Robinson Toby Bullock John Brewster John Web William Singleton William Capell and James Powell Aldermen.

For the County of Huntington Unto Sir Sidney Mountague Knight Sir William Armyn Baronet Onslow Winche John Castle James Ravenscroft Valentine Walton Robert Page Whetehill Audley Torreli Josselin William Cater Esquires.

And for the County of Hertford

Unto the Lord Viscount Cranboum Sir John Boteler Knight of the Bath Sir John Jeninges Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Fanshaw Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Lucy Baronet Sir Charles Cesar Sir William Litton Knights Sir John Gerrard Baronet Sir Charles Harbert Sir Thomas Fotherby Sir John Colte Sir Thomas Dacres Sir Edward Bash Sir John Wats Sir John Cesar Sir Peter Saltonstall Knights William Priesley George Tooke Francis Taverner Graveley Norton Edward Wingate Henry Anderson John Brocket James Mayne Francis Combes Esquires Thomas Bluqt John Heydon Robert Dewhurst Edward Atkins Serjeant at Law Thomas Tooke Richard Hale Thomas Hewit (J) John Harrison Henry Gardner John Guiston Arthur Poulton Ralph Freeman William Newce John Brograve Edward Chester Edward Cason Arthur Capell

For the Towne and Borough of Saint Albans Unto Richard Ruth Maior Sir John Jenings Knight of the Bath John Robotham Thomas Cooley Ralph Pemberton Gentlemen.

For the County of Hereford

To John Kirle Baronet Sir Richard Hopton Sir Robert Whitney Sir Humphrey Baskervile Sir William Croft Knights Wallop Brabazon Esquire Henry Lingen Roger Vaughan John Scudamore of Kent Church John Vaughan Ambrose Elton James Kirle William Rudhall William Scudamore William Smallman Thomas Price Harbert Westfaling John Cornwall Paul Abrahall Epiphan Howorth Thomas Tomkins Walter Vaughan John Coles John Patshall Richard Barrowe Arnold Burghill William Cartwright Edward Broughton Henry Jones Henry Poole Bailiffe of the Borough of Leominster.

For the City of Hereford

Unto Edmond Ashton Esquire Maior of the said City James Rodes Anthony Pembridge Esquires James Lane Gentleman.

1 Knights 0.

* 0. omits.

* Sir O.

AJ).1640.

16° Car. I. c. 2.

63

For the County of Kent

Unto Sir Edward Hales Sir Edward Dering Knights and Baronets Sir George Sandys Knight of the Bath Sir Michael Lerisey Baronet Sir William Brooke and Sir Edward Scot Knights of the Bath Sir Humphrey Style Baronet Sir John Sedley Knight and Baronet Sir Roger Twisden Knight and Baronet Sir William Stock Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Palmer Barronet Sir Humphrey Tufton Sir James Oxenden Sir Edward Boys Sir Peter WrotV Sir John Hollywood Sir Peter Heyman Sir Thomas Walsingham Sir Edward Gilbume Sir Francis Bamham Sir John Culpeper Sir Cheyney Culpeper Sir Percivall Hart Sir Robert Filmer Sir William Brockman Sir Anthony Weldon and Sir Henry Grimston Knights Edward Monyngs Anthony Hammond Thomas Blechenden Edward Boys Reynold Edwards William Boys Samuel Short John Henden William Boys Edward Dering Nicholas Tooke Henry Heyman John Harvey Peter Godfrey Thomas Diggs Norton Knatchbull Richard Lee George Strode Thomas Blunt Thomas Selyard Stephen Leonard Robert Bamham William James Edward Partrich Henry Dixon and Henry Gilbume Esquires

For the City and County of the City of Canterbury

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir Edward Masters Knight John Nutt Esquire Francis Lovelace Esquire William Man Esquire Thomas Courthope Esquire Avery Savyn and James Masters Aldermen

For the City of Rochester

Unto Philip Ward Maior Henry Clearke Esquire Serjeant att Law Recorder Richard Lea George Newman Esquires and John Cobham Gentleman

For the Parts of Lyndsey in the County of Lyncolne Unto Edmund Lord Sheffeild Sir John Wray Knight and Baronet Sir Philip Tirwhit Sir John Rowles Baronets Sir Edward Askew Sir William Pelham Sir Charles Bowles Sir Christopher Wray Sir John South Sir Henry Roodley Knights Nathaniel Fynes John Bellasis Thomas Grantham Samuel Oldfeild Anthony Meeres Thomas Sanderson Edmund Anderson Willoughby Hickman Charles Pelham John Broxholm Vincent Sheffeild Marmaduke Darell Edward Rositer Richard Toothby Thomas Ayscough senior John Bradley William Godfrey Francis Wolbey Esquires William Loddington Gentleman the Maior of Grimsby William Coney Esquire Rutland Snowden Esquire.

For the Citie of Lincolne

Unto the Maior of lincolne Thomas Grantham Esquire John Broxholm Esquire Richard White William Watson Stephen Dawson Aldermen and Richard Ward Citizen.

For the Borough of Boston Unto Edward Tilson John Whiting Thomas Askham Thomas Welby Gentlemen and the Maior of Boston.

For the Parts of Holland in Coni p>d Unto Sir Anthony Irby Knight Thomas Ogle Thomas Reade Bevill Wimberley William Ellis Dymock Walpole Philip Welby Thomas Ogle Esquires John Hobson Charles Empson Gentlemen John Harrington Esquire.

For the Parts of Kestaven in the County of Lincolne Unto Sir Robert Carr Sir William Armyn Baronets Sir Hamond Whitchcot Sir Jerves Nevil Knights Thomas Hussey Charles Dymock Thomas Hatcher Edmund Hall Thomas Harrington John Brownelowe William Brownelowe Edward King Henry Pelham Esquires Edward Skipworth Robert Treadway William Savile John Archer Esquire the Alderman of Stamford and the Alderman of Grantham

For the County of Leicester

Unto William Halford Esquire Thomas Brewdnell Richard Bent Henry Font Arthur Staveley William Roberts William Quarles William Jerves Peter Temple George Puchin Simon Ridgeley Thomas Babington William Davers Roger Smith John Saint Johns Thomas Merry Francis Hacker senior William Standley and Gilbert Fosset of Leicester

For the County Palatine of Lancaster Unto Sir Gilbert Houghton Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Stanley Baronet Sir Thomas Barton Knight Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet Richard Holland John Atherton Robert Holt Ralph Ashton Roger Kirkby Richard Shuttleworth John More Thomas Standish Ralph Ashton Alexander Rigby Hugh Rigby Alexander Rigby of Burgh William Farrington Thomas Preston John Gerlington George Dodding Edmund Hopwood Nicholas Townly Henry Ashhurst John Bradshaw Edward Veale Esq* Henry Ogle Savile Raddif John Starkey Edward Butterworth William Ambrose Thomas Whittingham John Bradell Esquires.

For the County of Middlesex Unto Sir Edward Spencer Knight Sir Thomas Fowler Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Barkhaui Knight and Baronet Sir William Balfour Knight Leiutenant of the Tower of London Sir Francis Darcey Sir John Davers Sir Thomas Lake Sir Edward Wardour Sir William Roberts Sir Henry Roe Sir John Bennet Sir Thomas Allen Sir Robert Wood Sir Nicholas Raynton Knights John Page Esquire one of the Masters of the Chancery Thomas Gardiner Esquire Recorder of the City of London William Hill Justinian Povey John Hawtrey Francis Poulton John Herne John Huxley George Long Edward Roberts Richard Blower Anthony Croft Richard Sprygenell Esq' John Smith Thomas March John Hoker Edward Noell Gideon Awnsham Thomas Jenings Richard Page and Thomas Wilcox Esquires.

16° Car. I. c.

A.D. 1640.

For the Citie of Westminster

Unto Sir Richard Winn Knight and Baronet Treasurer to the Queenes most excellent Majestie Sir William Uvedall Knight Sir Edmund Vemey Sir William Ashton Sir Gregory Fennor Sir Randolph Crew Sir Robert Pye Sir Arthur Ingram Sir Edward Wardour Knights Thomas Baldwyn Robert Dixon Michael Oldesworth Mathew Hale Edward Nicholas John Parker Arthur Squibb John Glynn Peter Heyward Henry Lyde Robert Dixon George Bleverhaset William Bell William Wheler Esquires John Brigham Gentleman John Chicheley John Trenchard Robert Scawen Anthony Wither Esquires.

And for the Dutchy of Lancaster

Edward Lord Newburgh Chancelor of the Dutchy Sir Thomas Bedingfeild Knight Attorney Edward Harbert Esquire Solicitor Generali to the Kings most excellent Majestie and Challenor Chute Esr

For the City of London

Unto Edmund Wright Lord Maior Sir James Cambell Sir George Whitmore Sir Nicholas Raynton Sir Christopher Cletherow Sir Maurice Abbot and Sir Henry Garway Knights and Aldermen Thomas Gardiner Esquire Recorder Thomas Soame Isaac Pennington Aldermen Nathaniel Cradock and Samuel Vassell Citizens.

For the County of Monmouth

Unto Edward Lord Herbert Sir Edmund Morgan and Sir William Morgan Knights William Harbert Richard Harbert Thomas Morgan de Maughen Trevor Wynns John Harbert of Coulbrock Nicholas Kemeyes John Milbury Henry Probert David Lewes William Baker Philip Jones John Morgan de Pemrick William Jones de Usk George Probert Thomas Morgan de Layfore William Morgan of Tredonock Gentleman and Thomas Williams Gentleman.

For the County of Northampton

Unto William Lord Fitzwilliams of Milton Sir Rowland St. John of Woodston Knight of the Bath Sir Lewes Watson of Rockingham Sir John Isham Knights and Baronets Sir Christopher Yelverton Sir William Chancey Sir Richard Samuel Sir William Milmore Sir Edward Watson Sir Humphrey Ormes Knights Richard Lane Esquire Attorney to the Prince his Highnes Richard Knightley the elder Charles Edmonds Francis Nicholls William Elmes Edward Harby John Barnard Robert Mild may John Cartwright Philip Houleman John Creswell Richard Trist William Pargiter John Wyrley James Anyan Edward Farmer Richard Owsby Clifton Catesby Robert Britton George Clarke Lawence Manley Thomas Andrew Thomas Genison John Gayes John Sawyer Thomas Pentlow Thomas Dove Francis Quarles John Claypool Edward Dudley Thomas Elmes John Norton Edward Hanbury Edward Shugborough John Norwich John Syres Edward Palmer Robert Kirkeham and Thomas Rud Esquires and William Hack Esquire

For the Borough of Northampton

Unto John Fisher Maior Richard Lane Esquire Recorder Attorney Generali to the Princes Highnes Sir Richard Samuel Knight Francis Nicolls Tho. Martin Joseph Sergeant John Gifford John Herbert & John Bret Aldermen.

For the County of Nottingham

Francis Peirpoint Esquire Sir Bardolph Wastneys Baronet Sir Gervas Clifton Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Thomhigh Sir Thomas Hutchinson Knight Sir Mathew Palmer Knight Isham Parkins Anthony Eyre Richard Byron John Nevill Thomas Williamson John Wood senior Timothy Pusey John Digby John Odingsels Gervas Lee Hugh Cartwright John Wood junior William Sanderson Robert Sutton Gilbert Millington Esquires.

For the Towne of Nottingham

Unto William Drury Maior Francis Peirpoint Esquire Sir Gervas Clifton Knight & Baronet Sir Thomas Hutchinson Knight A3on Burwell William Gregory John James Aldermen Huntington Plumtree Doctor in Phisick Robert Greeves Gentlemen.

For the County of Norfolk

Thomas Knivet John Spelman of Narborough Robert de Grey Thomas Dereham Roger Townsend Clement Heme John Smith John Spelman of Hay don Robert Wilton John Palgrave Francis Jermy Gregory Gawsell Jeoffry Cobb Charles Suckling Philip Beddingfeild Edward Gurney Philip Calthrop George Fowler Robert Walpoole Edward Mileham John Houghton Robert Houghton Brigg Fountain James Scambler Robert Shapes Thomas Wright Thomas Fincham Martin Sidley Edward Chamberlaine Henry Taylor Thomas Reeve and John Kendall Esquires

For the Towne of Thetford

Thomas Lincolne Maior to the Coroner Edward Moore John Chapman Robert Snelling Thomas Snelling Giles Alden John Salman Edmund Mobbs Gentlemen and Henry Mendham Gentleman.

And for the City of Norwich

Unto Henry Lane Maior Sir William Denny Knight Francis Bacon Sergeant at Law Richard Rose Thomas Shipdham Christopher Barret Robert Sumpter John Tooley John Thacker Lynewell Sherwood Francis Norris Thomas Barret Gentlemen.

A J).1640.

16° Car. 1. c. 2.

65

For the Towne of Lynne Regis

To William Dougfade Esquire Maior Thomas Gurlin Thomas Greennell Joshua Frene John Perrivall Bartholomew Warmell John Mayo Thomas Toll Thomas Nelson John Basset Edmond Hudson Esquires Thomas Slaney Nathaniel Maxey Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Yarmouth

Thomas Greene Robert Wakeman Henry Davis Thomas Johnson Aldermen

For the County of Oxford

Sir Thomas Pope Sir John Curton Sir Giles Bray Sir Robert Dormer Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Lacy Sir Francis Norris Sir William Cobb and Sir Peter Wentworth Knights John Doyly Thomas Chamberlaine William Walter Thomas Tipping Robert Scroope Edmund Symeon Unton Croke Humphrey Elmes Richard Hampden John Taverner John Goddier William Tipping John Griffith Edmond Chamberlaine Bartholomew Hone Rice Jones and Walter Duns Esq*.

And for the City of Oxofi

Unto the Maior of the said City for the time being William Potter Henry Southam John Sayer Martin Wright John Nixon Aldermen Timothy Carter Town Clerk

For the County of Rutland

To Sir Edward Harrington Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Bodenham and Sir Henry Mynn Knights Henry Noell Alexander Noell Brian Palms Edward Heath Evers Ermyn John Osborne Edward Falkener Edward Cheseldine and Andrew Burton Esquires.

For the County of Surrey

Unto Sir Anthony Vincent Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Young Sir Ambrose Browne Baronets Sir Nicholas Carew Sir Richard Onslow Sir Arthur Man waring Sir Thomas Grymes Sir Francis Howard Sir Charles Howard Sir Francis Stidolph Sir John Howland Sir John Lenthall Sir John Lydcote Sir John Tunstall Sir Thomas Evelyn Sir William Elliot Sir Dudley Carleton Sir Robert Parkhurst Knights Nicholas Stoughton Henry Hilliard George Evelyn Arthur Squibb George Mynn John Duncombe William Muschamp Robert Hutton John Evelyn Robert Goodwin Edmond Sanders John Turner Henry Weston Robert Holman Edward Bish the elder Edward Bish the younger Haward Bickerstaffe Esquires and John Wayte Gentleman

For the Borough of Southwarke

Sir John Lenthall Knight Samuel Warcop Esquire Robert Haughton Cornelius Cocke.

For the County of Stafford

To Sir Harvy Bagot Sir Edward Littleton Baronets Sir Charles Egerton Sir William Bowyer Knights Ralph Snede Walter [Wrotresleye'] George Digby Thomas Crumpton Humphrey Worley Mathew Morton John Scrimshire William Cotton John Fowke Edward Man waring Walter Grosvenor Richard Pygot Michael Biddulph John Wedge wood William Brooke Esquires Richard seven Richard Hinton Gentlemen.

For the City and County of the City of Litchfeild

Unto the Bailiffes of the City for the time being John Burnes Humphrey Mathewe Randall Terrick Richard Baxter Richard Drafgate Gentlemen.

For the County of Salop

Unto Sir Paul Harris Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Newport Sir William Whitmore Sir William Owen Sir Robert Eyton Knights Edward Kynaston Francis Charleton Walter Berker Edward Jones Thomas Exton Peter Corbet Edward Cresset Thomas Otley Thomas Corbet Adam Littleton Thomas Kettleby Francis Harbert William Littleton Henry Bromley Morton Briggs Thomas Wolrich Walter ASon Humphrey Walcott John Newton Thomas Nichoils Arthur Sandford William Fowler Thomas Mitton Andrew Lloyd Richard Lloyd Francis Thornes Robert Powell Thomas Screven William Blunden Richard Oakeley Walter Waring Thomas Sotheme Esquires Roland Hill Arthur Ward Thomas l^ochard Gentlemen

For the Towne of Shrewsbury

Unto Hugh Harris Esquire Maior Sir Richard Prince Knight Timothy Turner Thomas Jones senior Esquires Edward Jones Thomas Owen Humphrey Mackworth Esquires William Rowley Simon Weston Charles Benyon Robert Betton Thomas Winfeild John Studley Aldermen.

For the County of Southampton

Unto Sir John Milles Baronett Sir Richard Gifford Sir Francis Dowse Sir Thomas Bilson Sir Henry Clarke Sir John Compton Knights Henry Sands John Doddington William Kingsmill Richard Norton Thomas Neale Edward Pit Benjamin Tichbume Dowse Fuller Edward Goddard Thomas Edmonds Edward Hooper John Hooke John Bunkley Thomas Betsworth Joseph Wale Richard Major Esquires

1 Wrottesleye O.

66

16° Car. I. c.

A.D. 1640

For the Isle of Weight

Unto Sir Robert Delington and Sir William Lisle Knights Barnaby Ugh William Boreman John Richards Arthur Brom&sld William Wither John Worsley Richard Goddard Esquires.

For the City of Winchester

Unto Edward White Maior Ralph Riggs William Longland John Trussell Aldermen

For the Towne and County of Southampton

Nicholas Peascodd Peter Seale Thomas Mason Peter Clungeon Gentlemen.

For the County of Suffolke

Unto William Spring Esquire Sheriffe of the said County Sir Edmond Bacon Sir William Playters Sir Robert Crane Knights and Baronets Sir John Barker Baronet Sir Roger North Sir Nathaniel Bamardiston Sir Philip Parker Sir Simon Dewes Sir William Soames Sir Charles Crofts Sir Robert Brooke Sir John Wentworth Sir William Harvey Sir John Rowse Knights Thomas Jermin William [Hevingham1] John Gurdaine Wiseman Bokenam Morrice Barrow William Ryvet of Bilson Isaac Appleton Henry North Thomas Cole Richard Pepys Edmond Harvey of Wickhamsith Thomas Playters Francis Bruster John Scrivener Henry North the elder Arthur Jenney Nicholas Bacon of Dennington Nathaniel Bacon of Fristow Nicholas Ryvet of Drinson Nicholas Ryvet of Brandston John Laney Francis Bacon William Bloys of Grand Boroners and John Clench junior Esquires.

For the Towne of Ipswich

Unto the Bayliffes of the said Towne of Ipswich William Cage John Laney Esquires Robert Sparrow John Sicklemore Gentlemen.

For the Borough of Saint Edmonds Bury Unto William Grigg Alderman Robert Brown Alderman Richard Gipps and John Lelham

For the Town of Aldborough Unto John Bence and Richard Browne Baylifis and unto John Wall and Thomas Johnson

For the Towne of Orford Unto the Maior of Orford for the time being and to Daniel Harbert and Francis Burwell

For the Towne of Hadleigh Unto the Maior for the time being Francis Bacon John Gale Thomas Allablaster and Thomas Richardson

For the County of Somerset

Unto Sir John Horner Sir Charles Berkley Sir Edward Berkley Sir Francis Doddington Knights John Mallet Thomas Smith Edward Phillipps John Harrington William Walrond Thomas Mallet Serjeant at Law George Powlett Richard Cole Anthony Stocker William Capell John Symms the elder John Symms junior William Every William Bull Robert Harbyn Thomas Bridges Francis Hawley Edward Orainge John Bourne John Trevillian Amias Bampfeild John Saint Alban Edward Bisse John Hunt John Preston Charles Stenings William Blanchard Edward Dyer Thomas Prynn William Hill Edward Weekes William Barnes senior John Babor & John Merefield Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Bristow

Unto John Taylor Maior John Goning the elder John Tomlinson Andrew Carleton Aldermen Richard Aldworth Alexander James Francis Creswicke and Giles Elbridge Merchants

For the County of Sussex

Unto Sir Thomas Pelham Sir Thomas Bowyer Baronets Sir John Chapman Sir William Morley Sir Henry Dawtry Sir Thomas Parker Knights Anthony Stapeley Edward Ford Thomas Grey John Alford Thomas Milles Nicholas Wolfe Ralph Cooper Henry Goring Edward Goring Thomas Maye Thomas Middleton Hall Ravenscroft William Marlott Edward Apeley William Michelbome James Rivers Harbert Morley Anthony Fowle Henry Shelley John Ashbumham William White Harbert Hay John Baker Laurence Ashbumham Harbert Bourd John Busbridge Peter Farneden & Thomas Eversfeild Esquires

For the Citie of Chichester

Unto the Maior of Chichester George Green Gen! William Margerom Merchant Henshaw Stephen

Humphreys Gen!.

For the County of Westmerland Unto Sir John Lowther Baronet Sir Richard Sandford Knight Christopher Phillipson Gawen Brathwaite Allen Bellingham George Gilpin Richard Crackenthorpe Edward Fisher Esquires.

1 Hevcningham 0.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 2.

67

For the County of Wiltes

Unto Sir John Sl Johns Sir John Danvers and Sir William Button Knights and Baronets Sir Charles Pleydall Sir George Ayloffe Sir John Lambe Sir Thomas Hall and Sir John Eameley Knights George Vaughan Laurence Hide Richard Goddard Alexander Thistlethwaite Edward Tucker Francis Swanton Francis Baskervile Vincent Goddard Edward Goddard of Upton William Daniel John Sadler William Sadler Francis Wroughton of Wilcott Robert Drew Edward Eameley William Bower John Hiscocke John Penruddocke Robert Hide Thomas Bennet John Tapp William Willoughby John Marvin William Gifford Jasper Moore Robert Eyres William Wallis Walter Long Edward Long Edward Earbury John Ducket Edward Escourt Thomas Hungerford of the Lee Henry Baylie Charles Gore Esquires John Inge Stephen Bowman Thomas Newbye and Philip Francklyn Gentlemen.

For the Citie of New Sarum with the Close

Unto Emanuel Gauntlet Gentleman Maior Richard Goddard Esquire Mathew Bee Thomas Hancocke the elder James Abbotts John Ivy and John Dove.

For the County of Worcester

Unto Sir Walter Devereux Knight and Baronet Sir John Rows Knight Edward Dingle Edward Pitt William Jefferyes of Hamm Casde Philip Brace Henry Townsend Henry Ingram John Savage John Nawfan Edward Vernon Thomas Cooke Thomas Good William Child Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Worcester

The Maior for the time being Daniel Tyas Roger Gough John Hadslocke John Hamburye Francis Streete Esquires

For the Borough of Evesham

The Maior of the said Borough for the time being Sir John Rows Knight Francis Hurwell William Martyn Samuel Gardiner Thomas Cresheld Gentlemen.

For the County of Warwick

Unto Sir Thomas Holte Knight and Baronet Sir Peter Wentworth Knight of the Bath Sir Simon Clarke Sir Job Fisher Baronets Sir Grevill Vemey Sir Edward Underhill Sir Hercules Underhill Sir Henry Gibbs Sir Thomas Lee Sir Francis Willoughby Sir Simon Archer and Sir George Devereux Knights William Boughton William [Comb Robert Lee William Browne Robert Andrew Richard1] Chamberlain Spencer Lucy Rowley Ward Serjeant at Law Walter Chetwyn Clement Throckmorton Richard Shugborough John Lisle James Onyon John Temple Thomas Boughton Anthony Stoughton Robert Shelton Thomas Combe and John Fetherston Esquires.

For the City of Coventrey

Samson Hopkins Maior Henry Million John Clarke Thomas Ware Aldermen John Hayles Richard Greene Esquires.

For the County of Anglesey and Town of Bewmares

Unto Sir Arthur Terringham Sir Thomas Holland Knights Thomas Bulkeley John Bodnel Hugh Owen de Boden Owen Woods William Robinson Richard Owen Henry White William Bold Esquires.

For the County of Brecknocke

Unto Henry Williams Thomas Guynn John Williams Richard Games John Walbieffe Jeoffry Jefferyes Edward Rumsey Edward Williams Meredith Lewis Roger Vaughan Esquires William Harbert Bailiffe of Brecknock and William Watkins Daniel Winter Lewis Meredith Hugh Meredith.

For the County of Cardigan

Unto Sir Marmaduke Lloyd Knight Richard Price James Lewis Henry Vaughan Evan Gwynn John Stedman Thomas Price John Pugh David Evans John Phillips Esquires and John Vaughan Esquire.

For the County of Carmarthen

Unto Sir Richard Vaughan Knight of the Bath and Earle of Carbery Sir Rees Rudd Baronet Sir William Vaughan Knight Henry Jones David Gwynn Richard Vaughan Rowland Gwynn Richard Phillips John Harris Esquires.

For the Borough and County of the Borough of Carmerthen

Unto Morris James Esquire Maior Sir Richard Vaughan Knight of the Bath and Earle of Carbery Griffith Lewes Martin Bynon Thomas Wood Lewes Jones [Thomas Jones'] Rowland Phillips and John Bloome Aldermen.

For the County of Camarvan

Unto Sir Richard Wynn Knight and Baronet Sir William Williams Baronet and unto Thomas Glynn Griffith Jones John Griffith Owen Wynn William Thomas John Owen Griffith Thomas Humphrey Jones Thomas Glynn of Wanley William Glynn John Bodarda John Robins Thomas Madryn William Griffith William Lloyd Arthur Williams Hugh Griffith Hugh Wynn Esquires.

16° Car. I. c. 2.

A.D. 164,0.

For the County of Denbigh

Unto Sir Thomas Salisbury Baronet Sir Thomas Middleton Sir Edward Broughton Knights William Wynn Robert Wynn Roger Holland John Lloyd Simon Theloall Gerard Eyton Thomas Trafford Edward Thelloall John Roden Richard Lloyd Esquires.

For the County of Flint

Unto Sir Thomas Hanmer Baronet Sir Roger Mostyn Knight [Sir*] Thomas Brewerton Knight Sir Thomas Mostyn Knight Richard Grosvenor Thomas Ravenscrofte Humphrey Dymocke Robert Davies Thomas Mostyn John Mostyn and John Pilson Esquires John Salisbury John Eaton Robert Morgan William Mostyn Peter Griffith and Peter Evans Esquires.

Commission to be delivered to Commissioners before Feb. loth, 1640, and Ten Schedules, and also Schedules and Certificates of Popish Recusants, and to execute Commission and •ever themselves.

V.

Commissioners to execute Act according to the tenor thereof.

For the County of Glamorgan

Unto Philip Lord Harbert of Cardiff Sir William Lewes Sir Thomas Lewes Knights Edward Stradling John Came John Awbrey Nicholas Kernes Thomas Mathews Richard Basset William Harbert of Swansey Anthony Gwinn William Harbert of Cogan Edward Thomas Thomas Lewis Thomas Carne David Evans Marmaduke Mathewes Watkin Lougher Jenkin Morgan Walter Thomas Esquires and Richard Seyes Gentleman.

For the County of Merioneth

Unto Sir James Price Knight William Salisbury Edmond Merrick Hugh Nanny William Lewes Lewes Anwell William Wynn John Lloyd [ Esquires1] and John Morgan

For the County of Pembroke

Unto Sir Richard Phillips Baronet John Langhome Thomas ap Rice Hugh Bowen Arthur Owen George Bowen David Parry Lewis Barlowe and Hugh Phillips Esquires.

And for the Towne of Pembroke

Unto Phillip Thomas Esquire Maior

For the Towne and County of Haverford West

Unto William Williams Esquire Maior Sir John Stepney Baronet Maurice Cannon William Mayler John Davies Gentlemen Jenkyn Howell Roger Bevens Aldermen William Bowen Esquire

For the County of Mountgomery

Unto Arthur Price Francis Herbert Lloyd Perce John Price and Thomas Owens Esquires and unto Edward Wynn Charles Lloyd de Hem William Cuffyn Gentlemen Rowland Pugh Edward Corbet Esquires.

For the County of Radnor

Unto William Vaughan James Price Richard Johnes John Powell Rodericke Gwyn Morgan Vaughan Nicholas Meredith Hugh Lloyd Harbert Weston Esquires.

Which Commissions for the payment of the said Subsidies shall be severally and respectively delivered to the said Commissioners or to one of them before the tenth day of February in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty And to every of the said Commissions ten Schedules containing in them the tenour of this Act shall be affiled. And for the Commissioners better discovery of Popish Recusants severall Schedules shall be delivered unto them with theire severall Commissions out of the Exchequer and Certificates from the Clerkes of the Assizes and of the Peace and other the like Officers and from the Ministers and Church Wardens of every Parish of the names of such Popish Recusants as are to bee charged by this Act. by the which Commission the Commissioners in every such Commission named according to this Act and as many of them as shall bee appointed by the said Commission shall have full Power and Authority to put the effect of the said Commission in execution and that by authority of this

Ad after such Commission to them delivered they may by theire assents and agreements sever themselves for the

execution of theire Commission in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Townes Parishes and other Places within the Li mitts of the said Commission in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered and betweene them to be communed and agreed according to the tenour and effect of the Commission to them therein directed.

And be it alsoe enacted by authoritie of this present Parliament That the Commissioners and every of them which are named limited and appointed according to this Act to be Commissioners in every such Shire Ryding

Lathe [Wapetake3] Rape City Town Borough Isle and the said Houshold or any other place and none other

shall truly effectually and diligently for theire parts execute the effect of this present Act according to the tenour thereof in every behalfe and no otherwise by any meanes without omission favour dread malice or any other thing to be attempted or done by them or any of them to the contrary thereof And the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall bee appointed by the said Commission and none other for the execution of the said Commission and Ad shall for the taxation of the said two first Subsidies before the fifteenth day of February in the Yeere of our

1 0. omits. * Esq. 0. 5 Wapentake O.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 2

69

Lord God One thousand six hundred fourty And for the taxation of the said twoe other of the said four Subodie* before die twoe and twentieth day of Aprill next ensuing by vertue of the Commission delivered to them in form aforesaid direct theire severall or joynt precept or precepts unto eight seaven six five foure three or twoe (as for the number of the Inhabitants shall be requisite) of the most substantiall discreet and honest persons Inhabitants to bee named by the said Commissioners or by as many of them as shall be appointed by the said Commission of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes Townes and other places aswell within Liberties Franchises ancient demesne places exempted and Sanctuaries as without within the limits of the Shires Rydings Ladies Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughs and Isle aforesaid and other Places within the limits of theire Commission and to the Constables Subconstables Bailiffes and other like Officers & Ministers of every of the said Hundreds Towns Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes and other places aforesaid as to the said Commissioners and every number of them or to three or two of them by theire discretion in division shall seeme expedient and as by the manner and use of those parts shall be requisite straighdy by the said Precept charging and commanding the said Inhabitants Constables and other Officers aforesaid to whom such Precept shall be soe directed to appeare in theire proper persons before the said Commissioners or such number of them as they shall divide themselves according to the tenour of the said Commission at certain dayes and places by the said Commissioners or any such number of them as is aforesaid within Cities Boroughs or Towns Corporate or without in any other place as is aforesaid by theire discretion to be limited thereunto to do and accomplish all that to them on the part of the Kings Majestie shall be enjoyned touching this Act Commanding further by the said Precept that he to whose hands such Precept shall come shall shew and deliver the same to the other Inhabitants or Officers named in the cune Precept And that none of them fade to accomplish the same upon pain of forty shillings to be forfeited to the Kings Majestie.

And it is further ordained by the authority of this present Parliament that at the said day and place prefixed and limited in the said precept every of the said Commissioners then being in the Shire and not having sufficient excuse for his absence at the day and place prefixed for that part whereunto he was limited shall appeare in his owne proper person and there the same Commissioners being present or as many of them as shall be appointed by the Kings Majesties Commission shall call or cause to be called before them the said Inhabitants and Officers to whom they have directed theire said Precepts and which had in Commandment there to appeare by vertue of the said Precept And if any person soe warned make default unlesse he then be letted by sicknes or lawfull excuse and that let be then witnessed by the Oathes of two credible persons [or1] of any appearing refuse to serve in forme following then every such person soe making default or refusing to serve shall forfeite to the Kings Majestie Forty shillings and soe att every time appointed by the said Commissioners for the said severall taxations untill such time as the number of every such persons have appeared and certified in forme underwritten every of them soe making default or refusing to serve shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie fourty shillings and upon the same appearance had they shall be charged before the Commissioners by all convenient wayes & meanes other then by corporall oath to enquire of the value of the substance after the usuall manner of every person dwelling and abiding within the limits of the places that they shall be charged with and of other which shall have his or theire most resorte unto any of the said places and chargeable with any sume of money by this Act of the said Subsidies and all other thinges requisite touching the said Act and according to the intent of the same and thereupon as neere as it may be or shall come to theire knowledge without respect of any former taxation heretofore had truly to present and certifie before the said Commissioners the names and surnames and the substance and values of every of them after the usuall manner as aforesaid aswell of Lands Tenements and other Hereditaments Possessions and Profits as of Goods Chattels Debts and other things chargeable by the same Ad without any concealment love favour affection dread or malice upon paine of forfeiture of five Pounds at the most to be taxed extracted and levied in forme as hereafter in this present Act shall be limited or appointed And thereupon the said Commissioners shall openly there read or cause to be read unto them the said rates in this Act mentioned and openly declare the efied of theire charge unto them in what manner and forme they ought and should make theire Certificates according to the rates and sums thereof abovesaid and of all manner of persons aswell Aliens and Strangers denizens or not denizens inhabiting within this Reaime as of such Popish Recusants and [other*] persons as be borne under the Kings obeysance chargeable to this Act and of the Possessions Goods and Chattells of Fraternities Guilds Corporations Brotherhoods Mysteries Communalties and other as is abovesaid and of persons being in the parts beyond the Seas having Goods and Chattels Lands or Tenements within this Reaime as is' aforesaid and of all Goods being in the custody of any person or persons to the use of any other as is abovesaid by the which information and shewing the said persons may have such plaine knowledge of the true intent of this present Act and of the manner of theire Certificate that the same persons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance And after such charge and the Statute of the said Subsidies and the manner of the said Certificate to [be1] made in writing conteyning the names & sirnames of every person and whether he be borne without the Kings Dominions or within and the value of every person in every degree aswell of the yearely value of Lands and Tenements and of such like Possessions and Profits as of the value of Goods and Chattells Debts and every thing to theire Certificate requisite and necessary to them declared the said Commissioners there being shall by theire discretions limit and appoint unto the said persons another day and place to appeare before the said Commissioners and chargeing the said persons that they shall in the meane time make diligent enquiry by all wayes and meanes of the premisses and then and there every of them upon pain of forfeiture of fourty shillings to the Kings Majesty to appeare att the said next prefixed day and place there to certifie unto the said Commissioners in writing according to theire said charge and according to the true intent of the said Grant of

Persons who receive Precepts ire to shew such Precepts to the other Inhabitants or Officers named therein.

Penalty 40s.

VI.

Persons named in Precepts to appear before the Commissioners.

Such Persons making Default, or refusing to serve. Penalty 40s.

Upon Appearance charged to make Enquiry into the Substance of Persons to be charged ; but such Enquiry not to be taken on Oath, and to certify before Commissioners.

Penalty £$.

Commissioners thereupon to read the Rates openly, and to declare how Certificates to be made, &c.

Afterwards another Day appointed by Commissioners for such Persons to appear.

Not appearing. Penalty 40s.

Vox,. V.

T

TO

1G° Car. I. c. 2.

A.D. 1640.

Or refusing to make Certificate. Penalty 40s.

Commissioners may examine Presenters of Certificate.

Further Proceedings on Assessments by Precept to Constables, &c. to warn Persons named therein to appear.

Oath not allowed on Enquiry into the Substance of Persons charged.

Persons named in the said Precept called upon and not appearing.

Penalty, Double Rate.

On Enquiry into the Substance of Persons charged, Commissioners may increase Taxation.

Spiritual Persons how rated for Temporal Possessions.

VII.

Assessors

misbehaving.

Commissioners may set a Fine upon them not exceeding ^10, and certify the same.

Persons aggrieved by Assessment may complain to Commissioners.

Proceedings

thereon.

Subsidies and as to them in manner aforesaid hath beene declared and shewed by the Commissioners At which day and place soe to them prefixed if any of the said persons make default or appeare and refuse to make the said Certificate then every of them soe offending to forfeite to the Kings Majesty forty shillings (except there be a reasonable excuse of [this'] default by reason of his sicknesse or otherwise by the oaths of two credible persons there witnessed) and of such as appeare ready to make Certificate as is aforesaid the said Commissioners there being shall take and receive the same Certificate and every parte thereof and the names values and substance of every person soe certified And if the said Commissioners see cause reasonable they shall examine the said presenters thereof and thereupon the said Commissioners att the said dayes and places by theire Agreement amongst themselves shall from time to time there openly prefix a day att a certain place or places within the limits of theire Comission by theire discretion for theire further proceeding to the said assessing of the same Subsidies. And thereupon att the said day of the said Certificate as is aforesaid taken the same Commissioners shall make theire Precept or Precepts to the Constables Subconstables Bailiffes or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other places aforesaid as the same Commissioners shall be of comprising and conteyning in the said Precepts the names and sirnames of all persons presented before them in the said Certificate of whom if the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall bee thereunto appointed by the Kings Commission shall then have vehement susped to be of more greater value or substance in Lands Goods Chattels or sums of money owing unto them or other substance aforesaid then is upon such person or persons soe certified and specified as aforesaid the same Commissioners shall make theire Precept or Precepts directed to the Constables Bailiffes or other Officers commanding them to whom such Precepts shall be directed to warn such persons whose names shall be comprised in the said Precepts at theire Mansions or to theire persons that the same persons named in such Precepts and every of them shall personally appeare before the said Commissioners att the said new prefixed day and place there to be examined by all wayes and meanes (other then by corporall oath) by the said Commissioners of theire substance and value in manner as aforesaid and of all and every sums of money owing to them and other whatsoever matter concerning the premisses or any of them according to this Act. At which day and place soe prefixed the said Commissioners then and there being or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Kings Commission shall cause to be called the said persons whose names shall be comprised in the said Precept as is aforesaid for theire examination And if any of those persons which shall bee warned as aforesaid to bee examined which at any time after the warning and before the day prefixed shall bee within such place as he may have knowledge of his said appearance to be made shall make default and appeare not unlesse a reasonable cause or excuse by the Oathes of two credible witnesses before the said Commissioners be truly alleadged for his discharge that then every of them soe making default to be taxed and charged with and att the double sum of the rate that he should or ought to have beene set att for and after the value aforesaid of his Lands or substance upon him certified if he had appeared by the discretion of the Commissioners there being which Commissioners shall travell with every of the other persons soe then and there appearing whose names shall be expressed in the said precept or precepts and in whom any vehement suspition was or shall bee had in forme aforesaid by all wayes and meanes they can (other then by corporall oath) for there better knowledge of theire value as aforesaid either in Hereditaments or Possessions or else in Goods or debts and thereupon shall have power and authority by venue of this A d according to theire discretions to inlarge and increase the taxation of such persons as they shall soe finde by due examination to be of greater value or substance in lands or goods then they were presented at. And that every Spirituall Person at every of the said taxations of the said Subsidies shall be rated and set according to the rate abovesaid of and for every pound that the same Spirituall Person or any other to his use hath by descent bargain or purchase in Feesimple or Feetail terme of Life terme of Yeares by execution wardshipp or copy of Court Roll in any Mannors Lands Tenements Rents Services Offices Fees Corrodies Annuities and Hereditaments after the true just and yearely value thereof and according as other the Kings Majesties Subjects born within this Realme be charged in form above remembred soe the same extend not to the yearely value of twenty shillings or above.

And it is further enabled That if the said Taxers or Assessors shall not duely behave themselves in the Inquiry Taxation Assessement or Certificate but shall affedionately corruptly or partially demeane themselves in that behalfe in such wise that the Commissioners shall by theire considerations deem them offenders worthy of punishment for not doing theire duties therein that then four or more of the Commissioners in that County for the said Subsidies shall have power and authority by theire discretions either to charge the said Assessors upon theire corporall oaths for the better Service aforesaid in that behalfe or els by theire discretion to tax and set upon the said Assessors for theire misdemeanours in that behalfe such a Fine or Pain as they shall thinke good soe that it exceed not the Sum of ten Pounds and the same Fine or Pain at theire discretions to certifie to the persons nominated as aforesaid every which fine soe talced and set by foure of the said Commissioners or more and being certified with the Schedule and Books of that limit shall be levied and answered in like manner and forme to all intents & purposes as any other sums that shall bee taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute and Ad of Subsidie and not in any otherwise or manner. And if any person certified or rated by vertue of this Act whether he be a Commissioner or other to any manner of value doth find himselfe greived with the same presentment sessing or rating and thereupon complain to the Commissioners before whom he shall be called sessed or taxed or before twoe of them before the same taxation be certified in the Court of Exchequer that then the said Commissioners or twoe of them shall by all wayes and meanes examine particularly and distindly the person soe complaining upon his oath and other his neighbours by theire discretions of every his Lands and Tenements above specified and of every his Goods Chattels and Debts above mentioned and after due examination and perfect knowledge thereof had and perceived by the said Commissioners or twoe of them which shall have power by authority aforesaid the said Commissioners or any twoe of them to whom any such complaint shall be made by theire discretions upon the oath of the said person soe

»his 0.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 2.

71

complaining may abate defaulk increase or inlarge the said Assessements according as it shall appeare unto them just upon xht same examination and the same sum soe abated defaulked increased or inlarged shall be by them certified in forme as is hereafter specified and if it be proved by witnesses or by the parties owne confession or other Uwfull wayes or meanes within a yeare after any such Oath made that the same person soe rated and sworn was of any better or greater value in Lands Goods or other things above specified at the time of his said Oath then the same person soe swome did declare upon his said Oath that then every such person soe offending shall lose and forfeit to the Kings Majesde soe much lawfull money of England as he the same person soe sworn was sett at or taxed to pay.

And alsoe it is enacted by the same authority that every person to be rated and taxed as is aforesaid shall be rated and sett and the Sum on him set to be levied att such place where he and his family were resident for the most part of the yeare next before the presentment and taxation made and noe where els And that noe Commissioner for his Subsidie shall be taxed or rated for his Goods or Lands but in the shire or other place where he shall be Commissioner And that if any person chargeable by this Act at the time of the said Assessings happen to be out of this Realme and out of Wales or far from the place where he shall be knowne then he to be sett where he was last abiding in this Realm or in Wales and after the substance value and other Profits of every person to be knowne by examination certificate or other manner of way as is aforesaid and that every person taxed in any County or Place other then where he or his family were resiant for the most part of the yeere then next before or in any County or Place other then where he is a Commissioner for the Subsidie If he be a Commissioner upon Certificate made to the said Court of Exchequer under the hands and seales of two Commissioners for the same Subsidie in the same County or place where such person and his family where resiant for the most part of the yeere then next before or where he is a Commissioner for the taxation and payment of the same Subsidie testifying his most resiance having a family or being a CSmissioner shall be a sufficient discharge for the taxation of that person in any other places and of and for all other sums of money upon such persons soe set and taxed save onely the taxations made in that county or place from which such Certificate shall be made as is aforesaid and for the sum of money upon such person there assessed or taxed and that such Certificate without any plra or other circumstance shall be a sufficient Warrant aswell to the Barons and Auditors of that said Court of Exchequer as to all and every other Officers to whom the allowance thereof shall appertain paying for such discharge and allowance onely six pence and noe more. Provided alwaies that every such person that shall be rated or taxed according to the true meaning of this Act for paying of and to the said Subsidies for and after the yeerely value of his Lands Tenements or other reall Possessions or Profits at any of the said Taxations shall not after be set and rated for his Goods and Chattels or other moveable substance at the same taxation and that he that shall be set charged or taxed for the same Subsidy for his Goods Chattels and other moveables at any of the said taxations according to the true meaning of this Act shall not after be taxed charged or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions or Profits aforesaid nor that any person by any taxation be doubly charged for the said Subsidies nor set or rated at severall places by reason of this Act any thing contained in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it ordained and enacted by the authority of this [present1] Parliament that noe person having two Mansions or two places to resort unto or calling himselfe Household Servant or waiting Servant to the Kings Majestie or other Lord or Lady Master or Mistres be excused upon his saying from the taxes of the said Subsidies in neither of the places where he may be set or taxed unlesse he bring a Certificate in writing from the Commissioners where he is so set or taxed in deed at one place And if any person that ought to be set and taxed to these present Subsidies by reason of his removing or resorting to two places or by reason of his saying that he was else where taxed or by reason of any priviledge of his dwelling or abiding in any place not being foreprised in this Act or otherwise by his covin or craft or by any words or sayings or otherwise or if any that is a Commissioner or Assessor of others happen to escape from the said taxations for the payment of the said Subsidies or either of them and be not set and taxed according to the true intent of this Act and that proved by presentment examination information or otherwise before the said Commissioners or twoe of them or before the Barons of the Kings Majesties Exchequer or two Justices of Peace of that County where such person dwelleth then every such person that by such meanes or otherwaies willingly by covin or without just cause shall happen to escape from the said taxations or payments aforesaid or any of them and shall not be rated taxed and set shall be charged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof with and att the treple value of soe much as he should might or ought to have beene set or taxed at by vertue of this Act and the same treple value to be leavyed gathered and paid of his Goods and Chattels Lands and Tenements towards the said Subsidies.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said Commissioners in every Commission which shall be or inhabite in any County or Place within the limits of theire Commission or the more parte of them shall have full power and authoritie by this Act to set tax and sesse every other Commissioner joyned with them in every such Commission. And the said Commissioners within theire division shall alsoe assesse every Assessor within theire division for his or theire Goods Lands and other the Premisses as aforesaid by which said Commission the Comissiods to whom it shall appertain shall indifferently set tax and sesse themselves and the said Assessors and that aswell the sums upon every of the said Commissioners and Assessors soe assessed rated and taxed as the Sums made and presented by the Presentors as abovesaid shall be written certified set and estreated and the Estreats thereof to be made with other the Inhabitants of that part and within the limits of the same Commission and division soe to be gathered and leavied in like manner as it ought and should have been if the said Commissioners had not been in the said Commission And that all persons of the Estate of a Baron or Baronesse and every

Commissioners may abate or increase Assessment.

False Oath of Valueof Lands, &c.

Penalty.

VIII. Commissioners to be rated at such Place where they shall be Commissioners;

other Persons where they have resided for the most Part of the Year preceding.

Absentees assessed where last abiding.

Remedy for Commissioners and other Persons taxed in any Place other than wherethey were Commissioners, or where resiant for most Part of the preceding Year.

Fee for Allowance*

Double Charges not allowed.

IX.

Proviso for Persons having Two Mansions, or being Household Servants or Waiting Servants to the King or others.

Persons unduly escaping Taxation

on Proof thereof before Commissioners or Barons of the Exchequer;

Taxed at Treble Value.

X.

The Power of Commissioners to tax other Commissioners, and also Assessors.

Barons, and Persons of higher Estate,

7 2

16° Car. I. c.2. A.D.l6iO.

taxed by the Lord Priry Seal and others.

Rate estreated and certified.

XI.

Rates estreated under the Seals and Sign Manual of the Commissioners; and Estreats delivered to sufficient Inhabitants, &c. of Hundreds, &c.

By authority of Estreat* Officers, &c. to levy Rate. Distress*

If Rate not paid in Eight Days, then Distress appraised and sold.

Officers, kc. to answer for the Portion limited to them only, and to pay same to High Collectort.

XII.

Commissioners may appoint Collectors.

Qualification.

Commissioners to deliver Estreats under their Seals and Sign Manual to Collectort.

Collector to answer Sum comprized in Estreat.

XIII. Commissioners to take Recognizances of Collectors.

Estate above shall be charged with theire Freehold and value as is aforesaid [by Henry Earle of Manchester Lord Privie Seale Thomas Earle of Arundell and Surrey Earle Marshall of England Phillip Earle of Pembroke and Mountgomery Lord Chamberlain of His Majesties Household Henry Earle of Bathe Thomas Earle of Southampton Robert Earle of Essex Edward Earle of Dorset William Earle of Salisbury Robert Earle of Warwick John Earle of Bristoll Oliver Earle of Bullingbrooke Thomas Earle of Berks Henry Earle of Dover William Lord Viscount Say & Seale Mountague Lord Willoughby de Er Ferdinando Lord Hastings Phillip Lord Wharton Edward Lord Mountague Charles Lord Howard de Char William Lord Grey de Warke John Lord Roberts John Lord Paulet George Lord Goring and Thomas Lord Savill or any eleven of them or more f] for the severall Payments of the said Subsidies after the form of the said Grant according to the taxation aforesaid and the Sums of and upon them to be taxed and set with the names of the Collectors [which Collectors shall bee appointed by the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale for the time being1 ] for gathering and paying of the same to be estreated delivered and certified at the dayes and places above specified [by the said Henry Earle of Manchester Lord Privy Seale Thomas Earle of Arundell & Surrey Earle Marshall of England Phillip Earle of Pembrooke and Mountgomery Lord Chamberlain of His Majesties Household Henry Earle of Bathe Thomas Earle of Southampton Robert Earle of Warwick John Earle of Bristoll Oliver Earle of Bullingbrook Thomas Earle of Berks Henry Earle of Dover William Lord Viscount Say and Seale Mountague Lord Willoughby de Er Fardinando Lord Hastings Phillip Lord Wharton Edward Lord Mountague Charles Lord Howard de Char William Lord Grey de Warke John Lord Roberts John Lord Paulet George Lord Goring & Thomas Lord Savill or any eleven of them or more. *]

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that after the taxes and assesses of the said Summes upon and by the said assessing and certificate as is aforesaid made the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed and have authority by the Kings Majesties Commission shall withall speed and without delay by theire writing estreat the said taxes thereof under the seales and signes manuall of the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be appointed att the least and the same shall deliver unto sufficient and substanriall Inhabitants Constables Subconstables Bayliffes and other Officers jointly of Hundreds Townes Parishes and other Places aforesaid within theire limits and to other sufficient persons Inhabitants of the same onely by the discretion of the said Commissioners with the assent of the high Collectors and as the place and parties shall require as well the particular names and simames as the remembrance of all Sums of Money taxed and set of and upon every person as well man as woman chargeable by this Act householders and all other Inhabitants and dwellers within the said Parishes Townes and Places contributary to this Act of Subsidies by authority of which writing and estreat soe delivered the said Officers and other persons soe named and deputed severally shall have full power and authority by vertue of this Act immediately after the delivery of the said writing or estreat to demand levie and gather of every person therein specified the Summe and Summes (*) the same writing or estreat comprised and for non payment thereof to distreyne the same person or persons soe being behinde by theire Goods and Chattels and the distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of eight dayes att the Costs and Charges of the owner thereof and if the said owner doe not pay such summe of money as shall be taxed upon him or her by authority of this Act within the same eight dayes then the same distresse to be appraised by foure three or two of the Inhabitants where such distresse is taken and alsoe then to bee sold by the Constable or other Collector for the payment of the said money and the overplus coming by the Sale (if any be) over and besides the charge of keeping the said distresse to be immediately restored to the owner thereof which said Officers and other persons soe deputed to aske take gather and levie the said Summes shall answeare and be charged for the Portion onely to them assigned and limited to be gathered levied and comprised in the said writing or estreat soe [to3] them as aforesaid delivered to the persons and uses in this Act expressed and the said Summe in that writing or estreat to be comprised to pay unto the high Collector or Collectors of that place in manner and forme underwritten thereunto to be named & deputed.

And further be it enacted by the said authority (4) that such of the said Commissioners or the more part of them as shall take upon them the execution and businesse of the said Commission shall for the payment of the said Subsidies name such sufficient and able persons which then shall have and possesse Lands or other Hereditaments in theire owne right of the cleere yearely value of fourty pounds or goods to the value of foure hundred pounds at the least as hee shall be taxed in the Subsidy booke (if any such be in the said limits) and for want of such soe assessed then those to be appointed Collectors that then shall be sufficient and rated and taxed in the Subsidy bookes in lands and goods neerest to the values aforesaid as by theire discretions shall be thought good in Shires Ridings Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places as well within places priviledged as without not being foreprised in this Act to be high Collectors and to have the Collection and receipt of the said Sums set and leviable within the Precincts limits and bounds where they shall be soe limited and appointed to be high Collectors and to every of the said Collectors soe severally named the said Commissioners or twoe of them att the least with all speed and without delay after the said Subsidies be set by all the limits of the same theire Commissiou or in such limits as the high Collectors shall be soe severally assigned shall under theire seales and signes manuall deliver one Estreat indented in Parchment comprising in it the names of all such persons as were assigned to levy the said particular Sums of every Hundred [and1] Wapentake Towne or other Place aforesaid with the names and Surnames of the persons soe chargeable according to the Estreat soe hereof first made and delivered as is aforesaid and the Collectors to be assigned shall be charged to answeare the whole Sume comprised in the said Estreat limited, to his Collection as is aforesaid.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said Commissioners having authority by this Act to nominate the high Collectors of the said Subsidies shall immediately upon that nomination and election take by authority of this present Parliament sufficient Recognizances or Obligations without any Fee or Reward to be

1 annexed to the Original Act in separate Schedules. • in 0. 9 interlined on the Roll

* by the said Authority O. 9 Q. omits.

A.D. 16’40.

16° Car. I. c.2.

73

paid therefore of every person soe by them to be named to be high Collectors to be bound to the Kings Majestie in the double sum of the sum of his Collection and to be endorsed and made upon such condition that is to say for the due [Collections'] and payment of the said twoe first Subsidies that if the said Collector his heires or executors doe truly content and pay to the persons aforesaid at the place aforesaid at or before the tenth day of February now next comemg soe much of the said sume of money allotted and appointed to his Collection that he shall collect and gather and content and pay the residue of his Collection and Charge within one moneth next after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same residue that then the said recognizance or obligation to be void And for the collection of the said two other of the said foure Subsidies upon condition that if the said Collector his heires or executors doe truly content and pay to the persons aforesaid at the place aforesaid at or before the tenth day of May next ensuing soe much of the said sume of money allotted and appointed to his Collection as he shall collect and gather and content and pay the residue of his collection and charge within one moneth next after such time as hee hath collected and gathered the same residue that then the said Recognizance or Obligation to be void or else to stand in full strength and vertue which said severall and respective Recognizance or Obligation soe taken the said Commissioners shall severally certifie and deliver into His Majesties Court of Exchequer with the severall Certificates of the said taxations and rates of the payment of the said Subsidies at and by the times to them prescribed and appointed by this Act for the certificate of the said taxations of the said Subsidies upon paine of forfeiture of ten pounds to the Kings Majestie for every Recognizance or Obligation not soe certified And that every such Collector soe named and chosen upon request to him made shall acknowledge and make the said Recognizance or Obligation upon pain of forfeiture of twentie pounds to the Kings Majestie for [the *] refusal 1 thereof And that the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the time being upon payment of the said severall collections of the subsidies at the dayes and times herein limited for the payment thereof shall cancell and deliver the Recognizances or Obligations for the payment thereof to the Collector or Collectors without any other Warrant and without any fee or reward to bee paid for the same to any person And every Collector soe deputed having the said Estreat in parchment as is aforesaid shall have authority by this Act to appoint dayes and places within the circuit of his Collection for the payment of the said Subsidies to him to be made and thereof to give warning by Proclamation or otherwise to all the Constables or other persons or inhabitants having the charge of the particular Collection [with3] the Hundreds Parishes Townes or other places by him or them limited to make payment of the said particular collection of every sum as to them shall appertein and if at the same day and place so limited and pfixed by the said high Collector the said Constable Officers or other persons or inhabitants as is aforesaid for the said particular Collection assigned and appointed within such Hundred City Towne or other Place doe not pay unto the said high Collector the Sum within theire severall Hundreds Townes Parishes and other Places due and comprised in the said Estreat thereof to them delivered by the said Commissioners or some of them as is aforesaid or so much thereof as they have by any meanes received (one penny for every pound for the said particular collection as is aforesaid alwaies thereof to be allowed excepted and abated) that then it shall be lawfull to the said high Collectors and every of them and to theire Assignes to distrain every of the said Constables Officers and other Inhabitants for theire said severall and particular collection of the said Sums comprised in the said Estreat and writing thereof to them and every of them as is before expressed delivered or for

soe much of the same sum as soe then shall happen to be gathered and leavied and behinde and unpaid by the

Goods and Chattels of every of them soe being behinde and the distresse soe taken to be kept and appraised and sold as is aforesaid and thereof to take and leavy the sums soe then being behinde and unpaid and the overplus coming of the Sale of the said distresse (if any bee) to be restored and delivered unto the owner in form above remembred. Provided alwaies that noe person inhabiting in any City Borough or Towne Corporate shall be compelled to be any Assessor or Collector of or for any part of the said Subsidies in any place or places out of the said City Borough or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

And it is alsoe by the said authority enacted that if any Inhabitants or Officers or whatsoever other person or

persons charged to and for the Collection and receipt of any part or portion of the said Subsidies by any manner of

meanes according to this Act or any person or persons for themselves or as keeper guardian deputy factor or attumey of or for any other person or persons for any Goods or Chattels of the owner thereof at the time of the said assessing to be paid being out of this Realm or in any other parts not knowne or of or for the Goods and Chattels of any other person or persons of any Corporation Fraternity Mystery or other whatsoever Comunalty being Corporate or not Corporate and all persons having in theire rule governance and custody any Goods or Chattels at the time of the said assessing to be made or which for any cause for or by collection or for himselfe or for any other or by reason hee hath any rule governance or custody of any goods or chattels of any other person or persons Corporation Comunalty Fraternity Guild or Mystery or any such other like or as factor deputy or atturney of or for any person shall be taxed valued rated and set to any sum or sums by reason of this Act and after the taxation and assessing iipon any such person or persons as shall be charged with the receipt of the same happen to die or depart from the place where he was soe taxed and set or his goods or chattels to be soe eloyned or in such privy or covert manner kept as the same person or persons charged with the same by estreats or other writings from the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the said Commission as is aforesaid can ne may leavy the same sum and sums comprised within the same Estreats by distresse within the limits of theire Collection as is aforesaid or cannot sell such distresse or distresses as be taken for any of the said payments before the time limited to the high Collector for his payment to be made as aforesaid then upon relation thereof with due examination by the oath or examination of such person or persons as shall be charged with and for the receipt and collection of the same before the said Commissioners or as many of them as by the [same *] Commission shall be thereunto appointed where such person or persons or other as is aforesaid theire Goods and Chattels were set and taxed and upon plain Certificate thereof made by the same Commissioners as well of the dwelling place names and sums of the said persons of whom

Condition of Recognizance for first Two Subsidies;

for Third and Fourth Subsidies.

Commissioner! to certify Recognizances into the Exchequer.

Penalty, -£io.

Collector* not making Recognizance, Penalty <£20. Excheq uer to cancel Recognizances on Payment of Collection into Exchequer without Fee. Collectors may appoint Days and Phces lor Payment cf Collection.

Assessor. See. not paying Collection to High Collector, abating the Allowance of id. in the Pound.

Distress.

Proceedings

thereon.

Persons living in Cities, See. not to be appointcdColleftors or Assessors out of them.

XVII.

Assessors,

Attornies,

Factors, Sec after being charged with Receipt of Assessment, dying or removing or concealing their Goods, \c. or when Monies comprized in Estreat cannot be levied by Distress, or where Distress cannot be sold

Process out of the Exchequer, and the Commissioners may direct Precepts to Officer to levy such Money.

16° Car. I. c. 2.

A.D. 1640.

Commissioners to dirclt Precepts to Officers,

v* ho by virtue thereof may di-train.

Distress appraised and sold.

If Distress taking out of Limit

a-signed, Allowance.

Persons charged discharged by Distrcsu.

Persons distrained having no Lands, &c.

Pi oceedings.

Imprisonment until Sums due, and also Fee for Arrest paid.

Officer not executing Process.

Penalty 2o:>.

Gaoler suffering Escape.

Penalty 40s. and Double Value of Rate and Fees. Like Process for Subsidies due by any Persons charged for another unpaid.

Certificate of Default,

Imprisonment, &c. by Commissioners.

Collectors, &c. disobeying Commissioner

the said Sums cannot be leavied and had as is aforesaid then as well the Constable and other Inhabitants appointed for the same particular Collection against the high Collector as the high Collector upon his account and oath in the said Exchequer to be discharged thereof and Processe to bee made in the Kings Majesties name out of the same Exchequer by the discretion of the Barons of the same Exchequer against such person his heires or executors soe being behinde with his payment And over that the same Commissioners to whom any such declaration of the pmisses shall be made in forme aforesaid from time to time shall have full power and authority to direct theire precept or precepts to the said person or persons charged with any sum of for and upon any such person and persons or other as is aforesaid or to any Sheriffe Steward Bailiffe or other whatsoever Officer Minister person or persons of such place or places where any such person or persons soe owing any such sum or sums shall have Lands or Tenements and other Hereditaments or reall Possessions Goods and Chattells whereby any such person or persons so indebted his heires executors or assignes or other having the custody governance or disposition of any goods or chattells Lands Tenements or other hereditaments which ought or may by this Act be lawfully distreined or taken for the same hath and shall have Goods Chattels Lands Tenements or other possessions whereof such Sum and Sums which by any such person or persons may or ought to be leavied be it within the limits of such Commission where such person or persons was or were taxed or without in any place within this realme of England Wales or other the Kings Majesties Dominions Marches or Territories by which Precept as well such person or persons shall be charged to leavy such money as the Officer of the place or places where such distresse may be taken shall have full power and authority to distreyn every such person indebted charged or chargeable by this Act or his Executors or Administrators of his goods and chattels his guardians factors deputies lessees farmours and assignes and all other persons by whose hands or out of whose lands any such person should have Fee Rent Annuity or other profit or which at the time of the said assessing shall have goods or Chattels or any other thing moveable of any such person or persons being indebted or owing such summe and the distresses soe taken cause to be kept appraised and sold in like manner and forme as is aforesaid for the distresse to be taken upon such persons to be taxed to the said Subsidies and being sufficient to distrein within the limits of the Collectors Inhabitants or other Officers charged with or for the said Sums soe upon them to be taxed and if any such distresse for non payment happen to be taken out of the limit of the said persons charged and assigned to leavy the said persons soe charged for the levying of any such sums by distresse shall perceive and take of the same distresse for the labour of every person goeing for the execution thereof for every mile that every person soe laboureth for the same two pence and every farmour guardian tenant fadour or other whatsoever person being distreined or other person charged for payment of any such sum or sums or any other summe by reason of this Act shall be of such sum or sums of him or them soe levied and taken discharged and acquitted at his next day of payment for the same or at the delivery of such goods and chattels as he that is so distreyned had in his custody or governance against him or them that shall bee soe taxed and set (any Grant or writing obligatory or other whatsoever matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstanding) And if any such person that should [be soe'] distreined have no Lands or Tenements sufficient whereby he and his Tenants and Farmours may be distreined or have aliened eloyned or had his Goods and Chattels whereby he should or might be distreyned in such manner that such goods or chattels should not be knowne or found soe that the sum of or by him to be paid in the said forme shall not ne can (2) be conveniently levied then upon relation thereof to the Commissioners or to as many of them as by the said Commission shall be thereunto appointed where such person or persons was taxed and set by the oathes of him or them that shall be charged with the levying and payment of that summe or summes the same Commissioners shall make a precept in such manner as is aforesaid for to attach take and arrest the body of such person or persons that ought to pay the said sums and by this Act shall be charged with and for the said Sum and Sums and them soe taken safely to keepe in prison within the shire or other place where any such person or persons shall be taken and attached there to remaine without baile or mainprise untill he have paid the (3) Sum or Sums that such person for himselfe or for any other by this Act shall be chargeable or ought to be charged withall and alsoe for the Fees of every such Arrest to him or them that shall execute such Precept twentie pence and that every Officer unto whom such Precept shall be directed do his true diligence and execute the same upon every person soe being indebted upon pain to forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every default in that behalfe twenty shillings And that no keeper of any Gaole from his Gaole suffer any person to goe att large by letting to baile or otherwise to depart out of his prison before he hath paid the said debt and the said twenty pence for his arrest upon pain to forfeit to the Kings Majestie fourtie shillings and the said Gaoler to pay to the Kings Majestie the double value aswell of the rate which the said person soe imprisoned w as taxed at as of the said twentie pence for the Fees and like Processe and remedy in like manner forme shall be granted by the said Commissioners or as many of them as by the said Commission shall be thereunto appointed at like information of every person or persons being charged with any sum of money for any other person or persons by reason of the said Subsidies and not thereof paid but wilfully withdrawne nor the same levyable within the limits where such persons were thereunto taxed and if the Sum or Sums being behinde unpaid by any person or persons as is aforesaid be leavyed & gathered by force of the said Processe to be made by the said Commissioners or if in default or for lack of payment thereof the person or persons soe owing the said Sum and Sums of money by processe of the same Commissioners to be made as is aforesaid be committed to prison in forme abovesaid that then the said [Commissioner4] which shall award such Processe shall make certificate of that shall be done in the pmisses after such sum or sums of money soe being behinde shall be leavyed and gathered of such person or persons for non payment of the same comitted to prison And if it happen any of the said Collectors to be assigned or any Maiors Sheriffes Stewards Constables Headboroughs Bursholders Bailiffes or any other Officer or Minister or other whatsoever person or persons to disol>ey the said Commissioners or any of them in the reasonable request to them made by the said Commissioners for the execution of the said Commission or if any of the Officers or other persons doe refuse that to them shall appertain and belong to doe by reason of rny

1 soe bee O. * can O.

' s.iid O.

1 Corns O

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 2

75

Precepc to him Or them to be directed or any reasonable commandement instance or request touching the pmisses

or ocher default in any appearance or collection to make or if any person [be *] suspected not to bee indifferently taxed or Penoni

as b aforesaid do refuse to be examined according to the tenour of this Act before the said Commissioners or as

many of them as shall be thereunto assigned as is aforesaid or will not appeare before the same Commissioners upon taxed refuting

warning to him made or else make resistance or rescues upon any distresse upon him to be taken for any parcell

of the said Subsidies or commit any misdemeanour in any manner or wise contrary to this Act or commit any wilfull Bistress, our.

omission or other whatsoever wilfull doeing or misdoing contrary to the tenour of this Act or grant the same

Commissioners and every number of them above remembred or two of them at the least upon certaine knowledge

of any such misdemeanour had by information or examination shall and may set upon every such offendour for

every such offence in the name of a fine by the same offendour to be forfeited forty Shillings or under by discretion Penalty 40s. or

of the same Commissioners And further the said Commissioners and every number of them or twoe of them

art the least shall have authority by this present Act to punish every such offendor by imprisonment there to Commissioners

remaine and to be delivered by theire [discretions *] as shall seeme to them convenient the said fines if any such be ^p^nn^ntT

to be certified by the said Commissioners that soe assessed the same into the Kings Majesties Exchequer to be levyed

and payed by the Collectors of that part for the said Subsidies returned into the said Exchequer to be therewith

charged with the payment of the same Subsidies in such manner as if the said fines had beene set and taxed upon

the said Offendors for the said Subsidies.

And be it alsoe enacted by the said Authority of this present Parliament that every of the said high Collectors which shall accompt for any part of the said Subsidies upon theire severall Accompts to be yeilded shall be allowed upon payment of the money chargeable upon his collection for every pound limited to his Collection whereof any such Collector shall be charged and yeeld accompt three pence as parcell of theire charge (that is to say) of every pound thereof for such persons as then have had the particular collection of the Towns and other places (as is aforesaid) specified in his collection one penny and one other peny of every pound thereof (every of the said cheife Collectors or theire accomptants to retain to theire owne use for theire labour and charge in and about the premisses and one peny of every pound residue to be delivered allowed and payed by the said Collector soe being thereof allowed to such of the Commissioners as shall take upon them the busines and labour for and about the phnisses) that is to say every Collector to pay that Commissioner or Commissioners which had the ordering of the writing of and for the said Subsidies where the said Collector or ColledoTS had theire Collection for the expences for the said Commissioners soe taking upon them the said busines and labour of theire Clerks writing the said Precepts and Extrads of the said Colledions the said last peny of every pound to be devided amongst the said Commissioners having regard to theire labour and busines taken by them and theire said Clerks in and about the pmisses For which port soe to the said Commissioners appertaining the said Commissioners six five foure three or two or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Kings Majesties Commission and every of them jointly and severally for his and theire said part may have his remedy against the Collector or Collectors which thereof been or might have beene allowed by Action of debt in which the defendant shall not wage his law neither protection neither Injunction or Essoine shall be allowed And that no person now being a member of this present Parliament nor any Commissioner shall be named or assigned to be any Collector or Subcolledor or Presentor of the said Subsidies or any part thereof nor any Commissioner shall be compelled to make any Presentment or Certificate other then into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer of for or concerning the said Subsidies or any part or parcell thereof and likewise that noe other person that shall be named and assigned to be Commissioners in any place to and for the execution of this Act of Subsidies be or shall be assigned or named head collector of any [of3] the said Subsidies neither of any part thereof and that every such person and persons which shall be nominated and appointed as is aforesaid to be head Collectors of and for the payment of the said Subsidies or of any part thereof be and shall be acquitted and discharged of all manner of Fees and rewards and of every other charge in the Kings Majesties Exchequer or else where of them or any of them by reason of that collection payment or accompt or any thing concerning the same to be asked and that if any person receive or take any Fees Rewards or Pleasures of any such Accomptants or use any unnecessary delay in theire account that then he shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every peny or value of every peny soe taken five Shillings and five pounds to the party greived for every such delay and suffer imprisonment at the Kings Majesties pleasure And after every taxing and assessing of the said Subsidies (as is aforesaid) had or made and the said Extrads thereof in Parchment unto the Collector in manner and forme before rehearsed delivered the said Commissioners which shall take upon them the execution of this Act within the limits of theire said Commission by theire Agreements shall have meetings togeather at which meeting every of the said Commissioners which then Axil have taken upon them the execution of any part of the said Commission shall by himselfe or his sufficient Deputy truly certifie and bring forth unto the said Commissioners named in the said Commission the Certificate and Presentment made before him and such other Commissioners as were limited with him in one limit (soe as the Certificate may be accompted and cast with the other Certificates of the other limits within the same Commission) and then the said Commissioners and every number of them unto twoe at the least as is aforesaid if any be in life or theire Executors or Administrators of theire goods if they then be dead shall joyntly and severally as they were divided within theire limits under theire seales by theire discretions make one or severall writings indented containing 'in it aswell the names of the said Collectors by the Commissioners for such Colledions and Accompts in the Exchequer and payments and assigned as the grosse and severall sums written unto every such Collectors to receive the said Subsidies and alsoe all Fines Amerciaments and other Forfeitures if any such be by reason of this Act happen to be within the limit and precind of theire Commission to be certified into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer by the said Commissioners in which writing or writings indented so to be certified shall be plainly declared

XVII. Allowance to High Collectors and their Accountants.

Allowance to be paid by Collectors to Commissioners for their Expences and the Labour of their Clerks.

Remedy for the same for Commissioners against Collectors.

Commissioners, &c. not to be named Collectors, nor compellable to make Presentment other than to Exchequer.

Head Collectors discharged of Fees, &c.

Taking Fees of

Accountants.

Penalty.

Imprisonment.

Commissioners at Meetings to shew Certificates and Presentments to the other Commissioners.

Indenture of Collectors Names, and of Sums written to Collectors,

Fines, Ac. to be certified by Commissioners into the Exchequer.

16° Car. I. c. 2.

A.D. 16W.

Collector* answerable for their own Collection only.

Commissioners, if they cannot agree, may make several Indentures of their several Limits, &c.

Collectors not chargeable for other Collectors.

Commissioners or Collectors or Persons taxed, dying before discharged, Heirs and Executors changeable as such Persons would have been if alive.

Commissioners not thiuking fit to join in one Certificate, Proceedings.

Commissioners making Default of Certificate, Process out of Exchequer against them.

XIX.

Proviso for Stamford Baron.

XX. Persons having Temporal and Spiritual Possessions, and also Personal Property, not to be doubly charged.

& expressed the whole and entire Sum and Sums of the said Subsidies severally limited to the Collection of the said Collectors severally deputed and assigned to the said Sums soe as none of the said Collectors so certified in the said Exchequer shall be compelled there to accompt or be charged but onely to and for the Sums limited to his Collection and not to or for any Sum limited to the collection of his Fellowes but every of them shall be severally charged for theire part limited to theire Collection And if the said Commissioners joyned in one Commission amongst themselves in that matter cannot agree or if any of them be not ready or refuse to make certificate with the other of the same Commissioners that then the said Commissioners may make severall Indentures in form aforesaid of theire severall limits or separations of Collectors within the limits of theire Commission upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like divisions within the said severall limits of theire Commission as the places there shall require to be severed and devided and as [to ‘3 the same Commissioners shall seeme good to make divisions or other limits or collections for the severall Charges of the same Collectors soe that alway one C.olle&or shall be charged and [accompted *] for his part to him to be limited onely by himselfe and not for any Sum limited to the part of any of his Fellowes and the Charges of every of the Collectors to be set and certified severally upon them and every such Collector upon his Accompt and payment of the Sum of Money limited within his Collection to be severally by himselfe acquitted and discharged in the said Exchequer without paying any manner of Fees or Rewards to any person or persons for the same upon pain and penalty last abovesaid and not to be charged for any portion of any other Collector. And if any Commissioner after he hath taken Certificate of them that as is aforesaid shall be before any Commissioners examined and the Sums rated and set and the Books and Writings thereof being in his hands or if any Collector or other person charged with any receipt of any part of the said Subsidies or any other person taxed or otherwise by this Act charged with or for any parcell of the said Subsidies or with any other Sum Fine Amerciament penalty or other forfeiture happen to die before the Commissioners Collectors or other whatsoever person or persons have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that which to every such person shall appertain or belong to do according to this Act then the Executors and Heires of every such person and all other seised of any Lands and Tenements that any such person being charged by this Act and deceasing before he be discharged thereof or any other to his use onely had of an Estate of Inheritance at the time that any such person was named Commissioner Collector or otherwise charged with or for any manner of thing to be done satisfied or paid by reason of this Act And all those that have in theire possession or hands any Goods Chattels Leases or other things that were to any such person or persons at the time of his death or any Lands or Tenements that were the same persons at the time that he was as is aforesaid charged by this Act shall be by the same compelled and charged to doe and accomplish in every case as the same person so being charged should have done or might have beene compelled to doe if he had bene in plene life after such rate of the Lands and Goods of the said Commissioner and Collector as the party shall have in his hands And if the said Commissioners for causes reasonable then moving shall think it not fitt to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaid then the said person or persons that shall first joyne togeather or hee that shall first certifie the said Writing indented as is aforesaid shall certifie all the names of the Commissioners of that Commission whereupon such writing shall be there then to be certified with the division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tithings and other places to and among other such Commissioners of the same Commission with the names of the said Commissioners where such separations and divisions shall be with the grosse Sums of Money as well of and for the said Subsidies taxed or set of or within the said Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other places to him or them divided or assigned that shall soe certifie the said first Writings as of the fines Amerciaments Penalties and other forfeitures if any happen to be within the same limits whereof the same writings shall be certified And .after such writings indented which as is aforesaid shall be certified and not contain in it the whole and full Sums set and taxed within the limits of the same Commission the other Commissioners of the same before the day of payment of the said Subsidies shall certifie into the said Exchequer by theire Writing or Writings indented to be made as is aforesaid the grosse and severall Sums set and taxed within the places to them limited for every of the said Subsidies and other Fines Amerciaments Penalties and Forfeitures with the names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other places to them assigned or else by theire said Writings indented to certifie at the same place before the same day of payment such reasonable causes for theire excuses why they may not make such certificate of and for the said Subsidies Fines Amerciaments and other Forfeitures growing or set by reason of the causes of theire lets or of theire not certifying as is aforesaid or else in default thereof Processe to be made out of the Kings Majesties said Exchequer against the said Commissioners every of them not making Certificate as is aforesaid or else in default thereof Processe to be made out of the Kings [Majestie3] said Exchequer against the said Commissioners and every of them not making Certificate as is aforesaid by the discretion of the Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequer.

Provided alwayes and be [be4] it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Martin called Stamford Baron in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stamford in the South Part of the Waters there called Wellands which hereafter shall be contributary to the payment of the said Subsidies shall be assessed rated and taxed for the same by such Commissions which shall be appointed as aforesaid for the taxing rating & assessing of the same Subsidies within the County of Lincoln and shall be for the same contributary and pay to the Collector or Collectors which shall be assigned and appointed for the levying and gathering of the same as aforesaid.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all and every person and persons having Mannors Lands Tenements and other Hereditaments chargeable to the payment of the said Subsidies granted by this Act and alsoe having Spirituall Possessions chargeable to his Majestie by any Grant made or to be made by the Clergie of this Realme in theire Convocation and over this having substance in goods and Chattels chargeable by the said Act that then if any of the said person or persons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the said

f.Z>1640

16° Car. I. c.

77

Mannors Linds and Tenements and spirituall Possessions and alsoe charged assessed and taxed for hit and theire

Goods and Chattels that then he or they shall be onely charged by vertue of this Act for his and theire said

Mannors Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Spirituall Possessions or onely for his said Goods and Chattels the

best thereof to be taken and not to be charged for both or doubly charged for any of them any thing in this Act

contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding Provided alwaies that this Grant of Subsidies or any thing therein Proviso for

contained in any wise extend not to charge the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey and Gamsey or any of them SootUa^relaad,

of for or concerning any Mannors Lands Tenements or other Possessions Goods Chattels or other moveable substance Guernsey.

which the said Inhabitants or dwellers or any others to theire Use have within Scotland Ireland Jersey and Gamsey

or in any of than or of for or concerning any Fees or Wages which any of the said Inhabitants or dwellers have

of the Kings Majestic for theire attendance and doing Service to our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie in Scotland

Ireland [Jersey'] and Gamsey or any of them any thing in this present Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alsoe that all Letters Patents granted by the Kings Majestie or any of his noble Progenitors to any Cities Prorito for Patents

Boroughs or Townes within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Exemptions from the burthen of Liberties, Rc.

and charge of any such Grants of Subsidies which be at this present time in force and availeable shall remaine

good and effectuall to the said Cities Boroughs and Townes hereafter according to the purports thereof although

tht Inhabitants of the same and alsoe the said Corporations shall upon the great and weighty considerations of

the Grant aforesaid be for this Grant charged and contributary in like manner forme and sort as other Cities

Boroughs and Townes which be not in any wise priviledged but by this Act charged.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That no Orphant or Infant within the age of one and twenty yeares borne within any of the Kings Majesties Dominions shall be charged to the payment of the Subsidies for his or theire Goods and Chattels to him or her left or bequeathed any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe that this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to the Lands or Goods of any Colledge Hall or Hostell within the Universities of Oxon and Cambridge or any of them or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Winton founded by Bishop Wickham or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Eaton next Windsor or to the Lands Tenements or Revenues onely assigned and appointed for the sustentation and living of the poore Knights founded in the Castle or Colledge of Windsor by our late Soveraigne Lord King Henry the Eight or to any the Goods or Chattels of the same Knights or any of them or to the Goods or Lands of any Comon Free Grammar Schoole within the Realme of England or Wales or the Goods of any Reader Schoolmaster or Scholer or any Graduate resiant or remaining for studie without fraud or covin within any the said Universities and Colledges or Townes of Oxford and Cambridge or Suburbes of the same or to any of them or to any of theire Servants attending dayly upon any of them nor to the Goods of any Officer Minister Almesmen or Servants belonging to any of the said Universities Colledges Halls or Hostells and dwelling and resiant within the said Universities or either of them or within either of the said Townes of Oxford & Cambridge and the Suburbs of the same without fraud or covin or to the Goods and Lands of any Hospitall Measondieu or Spittlehouse prepared and used for the sustentation and reliefe of poore people any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted That the said Grant of Subsidies or any thing therein contained do not in any wise extend or be prejudicial! or hurt full to any of the Inhabitants or resiants having dwelt for the most part of the yeare next before the taxing and assessing of the Subsidies aforesaid within the Five Ports Corporate or to any theire members incorporated or united to the said Five Ports but such the Inhabitants or Resiants as aforesaid in the said Five Ports Corporate and theire members be and shall be of and from the same Grant and payment of every of the said Subsidies and every part thereof and onely during theire resiance as aforesaid and no longer clearly acquitted and discharged any matter or whatsoever thing in this p*sent Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe that the said Grant of Subsidies do not in any wise extend tobe prejudiciall or hurtfull to the English Inhabitants or Resiants at this present time within the liberties of Rumney Marsh of or for any part of the said Sums granted in this p>$ent Parliament of the said English Inhabitants now there resiants or any of them to be taxed act asked levied or paid but that the English Inhabitants and now resiants of Rumney Marsh aforesaid and every of them be and shall be of and from the Grant and Payment of the said Subsidies during theire resiance there and no longer acquitted and discharged any matter and whatsoever thing in this present Act made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that if any Alien or Stranger born denizen or not denizen and dwelling and inhabiting within this Realme of England shall assigne and convey over unto any his or theire Child or Children borne within the said Realm of England his or theire Lands Tenements Goods or Chattels to the intent thereby to defraud or safeguard themselves of and from the payment of the Subsidies aforesaid or any part thereof that then all and every such Child and Children soe being seized of any such Lands & Tenements or possessed of any such Goods or Chattels shall be charged & chargeable to and with the payment of double the said Subsidies for the Lands Tenements Goods and Chattels at the said rates and values as Aliens and Strangers Denizens or not Denizens are before limited and appointed to pay. Provided alwaies that the said Grant of and for the Subsidies aforesaid or any Clause matter or thing whatsoever therein contained shall not in anywise extend or be construed to extend to charge the Shire or County of Northumberland the Towne Borough or County erf Newcastle upon Tyne the Towne or Borough of Barwick upon Tweede or unto the Bishopprick of Duresme or Countie Palatine of Duresme or any Parts or Places within them or any of them or any the resiants or inhabitants thereof but that the said Shire and County of Northumberland the Towne Borough and County of Newcastle upon

XVIII. Orohans and Infants not chargeable to Subsidies

XIX. Proviso for Unirenitiet of Oxford and Cambridge, WinchetterCoHege, Eton College,

Poor Knights of Windsor, and Free Schools, and Readers, &c. in the Universities, and for Hospitals, Re.

XX.

Inhabitants of Cinque Ports for the most Part of the Year before the Grant not chargeable during Resiance only.

XXI. Like Proviso for Inhabitants of Rumney Marsh*

XXII. Alien or Msen assigning his Lands, Rc. to his Child with Intent to defraud the Subsidy, such Child chargeable as an Alien.

1 Jemsey 0.

16° Car. I. c. 2, 3.

A.D.X6W-

XXIII. Recital that j#50,oooo had been advanced by the City of London, .*£50,000 by Sir John Harrison Knight, Member for the Town of Lancaster, and William Harrison Esq. Member for the Town of Quecnborough in Kent.

The Repayment of the said Sums provided for out of the Subsidies together with Interest at the Rate of s€S. per Cent, per Ann.

Surplus of the Subsidies to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Warrant of Commissioners & Receipt of CoUedora a sufficient Discharge to the Treasurers named in this Act.

XXIV. Treasurer not to pay Monies on any other Warrant.

XXV.

The passing of this Act not to determine the Session.

Tyne the said Towne or Borough of Barwick and the Bishopprick and County Palatine of Duresme and alsoe all and every the resiants and inhabitants of and within them and every of them respectively be and shall be of and from the said Grant and payment of the said Subsidies and every part thereof cleerely acquitted & discharged any matter or whatsoever thing in this present Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas the Sum of Fifty thousand pounds hath beene laid out and advanced before hand by the Citizens of the City of London and the Sum of Fifty thousand pounds by Sir John Harrison Knight one of the Members of the House of Commons Burgesse for the Towne of Lancaster in the County Palatine of Lancaster and William Harrison Esquire Son of the said Sir John Harrison alsoe one of the Members of the House of Commons and Burgesse for the Towne of Quinborough in the County of Kent for the present supply of your Majesties Army and the releife of the Northeme Parts of this your Majesties Kingdome of England. Be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament That the said Sir Thomas Barrington Sir Robert Pye Arthur Capell Robert Bateman Thomas Soame Alderman and Isaac Penington Alderman nominated by the said Citizens and Sir John Harrison & William Harrison his Son and by this present Act of Parliament constituted and ordained to be Receivers of the said Subsidies shall and may satisfie pay and deliver unto the Chamber of the City of London out of the said Subsidies and Moneys by this Act appointed to be received the said Sume of Fifty thousand Pounds and unto the said Sir John Harrison and William Harrison his Son the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds Togeather with such other and further Sum and Sums of Money as the damages of and for the said Sums shall amount unto after the rate of eight pounds per centum for a yeere from the day and time that the same was laid out and advanced as aforesaid untill they shall respectively have received the said Sums so disbursed and the surplusage of the said Sums so to be received shall pay imploy and disburse for the reliefe of the Kings Army and of the Northern Counties and for payment of such person and persons as shall lend or advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the use and purposes last before menebned with theire damages in such manner and forme as Francis Earle of Bedford William Earle of Hertford Robert Earle of Essex William Earle of Salisbury Robert Earle of Warwick John Earle of Bristoll Henry Earle of Holland Thomas Earle of Berkshire Philip Lord Wharton William Lord Paget Robert Lord Brooke Edward Mountague Lord of Kimbolton John Lord Paulet Edward Howard Lord Howard of Estcrick Thomas Savill Lord Savill of Pomfret Francis Leigh Lord Dunsmore or any foure or more of them Denzill Hollis Esquire John Pymm Esquire Sir Christopher Wray Knight Sir John Hotham Baronet Thomas Lord Weynman Sir Peter Heyman Knight William Cage Esquire Henry Martin Esquire Sir Dudley North Knight Sir Thomas Bowyer Baronet Sir Edward Aiscough Knight Sir John Culpeper Knight Sir Robert Crane Knight and Baronet John Hampden Esquire Sir Edmund Mountford Sir Walter Earle Sir Arthur Ingram Knights Sir Gilbert Gerard Baronet Sir Guy Palmes Knight Samuel Owfeild Esquire William Mallory Esquire John Ashbumham Esquire Edward Kirton Esquire Sir Hugh Cholmeley Knight Harbottell Grimstone Esquire Sir Philip Stapleton Knight Sir Edward Hales Knight Sir Thomas Widdrington Knight Thomas Lord Gray Norton Knatchbull Esquire Edmund Waller Esquire Henry Lord Gray of Ruthyn or any eight or more of them and soe proportionably in such manner and quality by any one or more writing or writings under theire hands during this sitting of Parliament shall limit appoint and declare And that the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners before named or of such number of them as before is expressed proportionably togeather with the acquittance and acquittances from the person or persons which shall be appointed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners or of such number of them proportionably as before is expressed for the receipt of the said Sum or Sums of money to the uses and purposes in this present Act expressed shall be a sufficient discharge to the Treasurers in this Act named for so much money as shall be comprehended in such Acquittance or Acquittances for the issuing out and payment of the said Sum and Sums of Money respectively.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said Treasurers shall not at all pay any Sum or Sums of money to be by them received upon any other direction warrant or command whatsoever.

Lastly provided that [the passing of‘] this present Act or His Majesties Assent thereunto shall not be any determinacbn of this present Sessions of Parliament [but that this psent Sessions of Parliament *] and all Bills and Matters whatsoever depending in Parliament and not fully enacted or determined & all Statutes and Acts of Parliament which have theire continuance untill the end of this present Sessions of Parliament shall remaine continue and be in full force as if this Act had not beene.

CHAPTER III.

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. p. i. nu. 3*

An Act for the reforming of some things ntistaken in the late Act made this p>sent Parliament for the granting of four Subsidies entituled An Act for the releife of His Majesties Army and the Northern Parts of this Kingdome and to make good the Acts of the Commissioners and other Officers by them authorized or appointed and to be authorized or appointed.

FORASMUCH as by reason of the shortnes of the time Commissions could not issue forth in convenient time into divers parts of this Kingdome for the assessing rating and leavying of the two first Subsidies granted in this present Parliament according to the dayes & times in the said Act limited and expressed upon which some question and doubts have beene and are conceived whether the power of the said Commissioners for assessing and taxing of the said two Subsidies were determined before the said Commissioners had received theire severall Commissions for the taking away of which Scruple and other doubts and supplying of other defects of the said Act Be it enacted

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 3, 4.

79

by the Kings most Excellent Majesty the Lords Spirituali & Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament imrmbled and by the Authority of the same that all Commissioners in the said Act named and such other persons as in this Act hereafter shall be named and any twoe or more of them for and towards the payment of every of the said foure Subsidies by vertue of this Act shall have within theire severall and respective limits power to assesse tax and leavy the said Subsidies and to assesse rate and taxe every Spirituali Person or Clergyman for all the Mannors Lands Tenements Rents Services Offices Fees Corrodies Annuities and Hereditaments which he hath or any other to his use have by descent bargaine or purchase in Fee Simple Fee Taile for Terme of life or yeares or by execution Wardshipp or Copy of Court Roll according to the yearely value thereof as other the Kings Majesties Subjects borne within this Realme in and by the said Act are limited & appointed to be rated and taxed soe that it extend to the yearely value of twenty Shillings or above and to authorize nominate and appoint Taxers Assessors Collectors and other Officers for the taxing assessing leavying and paying in of the said Subsidies and take such bonds and Recognizances and use such meanes for the compelling such Officers to undertake and execute such Offices as by the said Act is pscribed as for and concerning the two first of the said Subsidies at such convenient times and

places before the eighth day of May next ensuing as to them shall seeme convenient And as concerning the other

twoe of the said Subsidies at such times and in such manner as in the said Act is limited and ^scribed And that by vertue of this Act Sir John Lawrence Baronet Sir Arthur Manwaring Sir Edward Salter Sir John Parsons Sir Robert Lovett Knights Thomas Hampson Franck Cheyney the elder William Bowyer Henry Bulstrode Thomas Stafford Edmond West Gabriel Hipesley John Crooke Anthony Ratcliffe Edmond Waller of Gregories William

Wheeler Raynes Love Esquires with the residue of the Commissioners for the County of Buckingham and Sir

Humphrey Tracy Baronet Sir Richard Ducy Baronet Sir John Tracy Knight John Chaml)erlain William Mooreton John Keyt William Leigh Michael Rutter and Anthony Hodges Esquires with the residue of the Commissioners for the County of Gloucester by vertue of this Act shall have full power and authority to make Taxes and Assessments send forth Warrants and Precepts authorize nominate and appoint Assessors Taxers Collectors and other Officers for the assessing taxing leavying gathering and paying in of the said foure Subsidies within theire severall and respective Counties and take Bonds and Recognizances of the said Collectors and Officers and use all other meanes in and by the said Statute limited and appointed and to authorize and compell the said Collectors and Officers to doe theire duties in the pWsses and to doe and execute all things in as ample manner and forme as if the said persons had in the said Act and the Commissions thereupon issued beene nominated Commissioners for theire severall and respective Counties.

And be it further enacted by Authority aforesaid that all Acts heretofore done by the said Commissioners and every of diem or any Collectors Assessors or other Officers authorized or appointed by them or any of them concerning the taxing leavying or gathering of the said Subsidies shall bee deemed and adjudged to be good and effectuall in Law as if* the same had beene done within the times in the said Act limited and expressed and as if the purport and effect of this Act had beene fully contained and expressed in the said former Act any thing in the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided that the passing of this present Act or His Majesties Assent thereunto shall not be any determination of this present Sessions of Parliament but that this present Sessions of Parliament and all Bills and Matters whatsoever depending in Parliament and not fully enacted or determined and all Statutes and Acts of Parliament which have theire continuance untill the end of this present Sessions of Parliament shall remaine continue and bee in full force as if this had not beene.

Commissioners named in cap. a. ante, and others in this Act named, empowered to levy the Subsidies granted by the said Act j

and to appoint Assessors, &c. for the first Two of the said Subsidies, as tl*y may find convenient;

and at to the other Two, as the said Act, cap. a. directs. Names of Commissioners appointed by this Act.

Power to such Commissioners to ad.

IF.

Former Acts of

Commissioners

ratified.

III.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for the further releife of His Majesties Army and the Northern Parts of the Kingdome.

MOST gracious Soveraign your Majesties most humble and loyall Subjects the Commons in your High Court of Parliament now assembled haveing duely considered the great wants and distresses that your Army and people in the Northern Parts of this your Kingdome do sustain and the eminent danger that your Kingdome is in Albeit Subsidies or the Supply or support of publike Affaires (by what name or names soever the same be called) are not used to be granted att the begining of Parliaments but after such time as the Grievances of the People have beene heard and redressed which cann never soe cleerely appeare to Soveraigne Majestie as in Parliaments where People have theire immediate accesse unto theire Soveraigne And albeit that in this present Parliament it is formerly enacted that four entire Subsidies should be rated taxed levied and paid for such purposes and att and in such manner as in the said Act intituled An Act for the releife of His Majesties Army and the Northcme Parts of the Kingdome m expressed yet for the avoiding the eminent danger that your Kingdome is in for the present releife of your Army and of those distressed Countreys the safety of your Majesty and Children (soe that it be not drawn into President for future times) they humbly beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the Lords Spirituali and Temporall and* Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same that twoe entire Subsidies shall be rated taxed leavied and paid at one entire payment at the time hereafter in this Act expressed of every Person Spirituali and Temporall of what estate or degree he or they be of according to the tenor of this Act in manner and forme following (that is to say) that aswell every person born within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings [Dominions*] as all and every Fraternity Guild Corporation Mysterie Brotherhood and Communalty Corporate and not Corporate within the Realme of England Wales and other the Kings Dominions being worth three pounds as well in Coine and the value of every pound that every such Person

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. p. I. mr.4.

Distresses of the Army and People in the Northern Parts recited.

Grant of Four Subsidies by cap. 2. ante, recited.

Grant of Two entire Subsidies on personal Estate (after Payment of Debts, 3cc.) as. 8d-in the Pound.

16° Car. I. c. 4

A.D. 1640.

Aliens and Popish Recusants Conrift 5». 4<L in the Pound.

Poll Tax on Aliens and Popish Recusants Convict, not contributory as shore, 8d.

Master, &c. of such Alien, &c. answerable.

II.

Two Subsidies on Real and Copyhold Estates, 4s. in the Pound.

Aliens and Popish Recusants Convict 8s. in the Pound.

All Sums to be presented to be truly rated.

Plate, &c. held # for Corporations to be rated.

Lands, Corrodies, Fees, &c.

Proriso for Ornaments, kc. of Churches and Chapels.

Subsidies to be rated in Shires, Towns, kc. before 20th Od. 1641.

Sums and Names of Persons liable certified to the Exchequer,

Fraternity Guild Corporation Mysterie Brotherhood & Communal ty Corporate or not Corporate hath of his or theire owne or any other hath to his or theire use as alsoe in Plate Stock of Merchandize all manner of Come and Graine Houshouldstuffe and of all other goods moveable as well within this Realme as without and of all such Slims of Money as to him or them is or shall be owing whereof he or they trust in his or theire conscience surely to be paid (except and out of the premisses dedu&ed) such Sums of Money as he or they doe owe and in his or theire consciences intend truly to pay and except alsoe the Apparell of every such persons theire wives and children belonging to theire owne bodies (saving Jewels Gold Silver Stone and Pearle) shall pay to and for either of the said Subsidies two Shillings eight pence of every pound and alsoe every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Kings obeysance aswell Denizens as others inhabiting within this Realme and alsoe every Popish Recusant convict (*) or which are or shall be indicted for Popish Recusancy and theire Indi&ments either are or shall be removed by Certiorari or being not removed shall not by appearance and traverse legally be discharged before the said Assessment soe to be made or shall not have received the Holy Communion according to the Rites of the Church of England within one whole yeare next before the said Assessment shall be made of every pound that he or they or any other to his or theire use in trust or otherwise shall have in Coine and the value of every pound in Plate Come Graine Merchandize Housholdstuffe or other Goods Jewels Chattels moveable and immoveable as is aforesaid as well within this Realme as without and of all Sums of Money to him or them owing whereof he or they trust in his or theire conscience to be paid (except and out of the premisses dedu&ed every such SGme and Sums of Money which he or they doe owe and in his or theire conscience or consciences intend truly to pay) shall pay to and for either of the said twoe Subsidies five Shillings and foure pence of every pound And alsoe that every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Kings Dominions being denizen or not denizen (not being contributary to the rates aforesaid) and being of the age of seaven Yeares or above and every Popish Recusant convict or which before the time of the Assesment of the said two Subsidies by this present Act granted shall be a Popish Recusant convict being of the age of seaventeene Yeares or which being of the age of one and twenty yeares hath not received the Holy Communion within one yeare then last past as aforesaid shall pay to and for either of the said twoe Subsidies eight pence for every poll and the Master or he or shee with whom the said Alien or such Papist is or shall be abiding at the time of the taxation or taxations thereof to be charged with the same for lack of payment thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that every person born under the Kings obeysance and every Corporation Fraternity Guild Mystery Brotherhood and Communalty Corporate or not Corporate for every pound that every the same persons and every Corporation Fraternity Guild Mystery Brotherhood & Communalty Corporate or not Corporate or any other to his or theire Use in trust or otherwise hath in Fee Simple Fee Taile for terme of Life terme of yeares by execution Wardship or by Copy of Court Roll of and in any Honours Castles Manners Lands Tenements Rents Services Hereditaments Annuities Fees Corrodies or other yeerely Profits of the yearely value of twenty Shillings as well within ancient demeasne and other places priviledged as elsewhere and so upwards shall pay to and for either the said twoe Subsidies four shillings of and for every pound And every Alien Denizen or not Denizen borne out of the Kings obeysance and every Popish Recusant convict of what Estate or degree soever they be of or which before the time of the Assesment of the said two Subsidies by this present Act granted shall be a Popish Recusant convict or which shall be indicted for Popish Recusancie and theire Indi&ments are or shall be removed by Certiorari or being not removed shall not by appearance and traverse legally be dischaiged before the said Assessment soe to be made or being of the Age of twenty and one yeares shall not have received the Holy Communion according to the Rites of the Church of England within one whole yeare next before the [said5] Assessment shall be made in such case to pay to and for either of the said twoe Subsidies eight shillings for every pound. And that all Sums to be presented and chargeable by this Act either for Goods and debts or either of them or for Lands Tenements and other the premisses as is in this Act contained shall be att the said [payments *] set and taxed after the rate and proportion according to the [true3] meaning of this Act Lands and Tenements chargeable to the dismes of the Clergy and yearely Wages due to Servants for theire yearely Service (other then the Kings Servants taking yearely Wages of five pounds or above onely excepted and foreprized) And that all Plate Coine Jewels Goods Debts and Chattels Personals and all Lands Tenements and other the pmisses as aforesaid being in the rule and custpdy of any person or persons to the use of any Corporation Fraternity Guild Mistery Brotherhood or any Communalty being Corporate or not Corporate be and shall be rated set and charged by reason of this Act at the value certified by the presenters in theire Certificate for every pound in goods and debts as is aforesaid and for every pound in Lands Tenements Annuities Fees Corrodies and other yearely proffitts as is aforesaid and the Sums that are above rehearsed set and taxed to be leavied and taken of them that shall have such Goods in custody or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehearsed and the same person & persons and Bodies Corporate by authority of this Act shall be discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the time of the payment or delivery thereof or att his (otherwise) departure from the custody or possession of the same (except and alwaies foreprized from the charge and assessement of the said Subsidies all Goods Chattells and Ornaments of Churches & Chappels which have beene ordained and used in Churches and Chappels for the honour and Service of Almighty God) And the said twoe Subsidies shall be [by5] authority aforesaid taxed sessed and rated according to this Act in every Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Borough Towne and in every other place within this Realme of England and Dominion of Wales before the twentieth day of October which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord God 1641 and the particular Sums of every Shire Riding Borough towne and other place aforesaid with the particular names of such as are or shall be chargeable to and for the payment of the said two Subsidies to be taxed and set by the Commissioners for the same to be limited or twoe of them at the least with the names of the high Collectors and in the same forme shall be certified into the Kings Court of Exchequer before the twentieth day of November in the

1 or w* before the time of the Assessment of the said two Subsidies by this present Act granted shalbe a Popish Recusant convict O. • payment O. 9 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

8t

yeare of our Lord God 1641 and the said Sums in form aforesaid to be taxed to and for the payment of the said Subtidics D*id two Subsidies shall be paid in one intire Sum unto Thomas Soame and Isaac Penington Aldermen of the City of London of London now Members of the House of Commons in this present Parliament assembled and unto the Chamberlain of the City of London for the time being at or before the first day of December which shall be in the yeare of our Loru God 1641 and the said Sums in manner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the payment of the said twoe Subsidies shall be paid att one intire Sum unto the said Thomas Soame Isaac Penington and the said Chamberlain for the time being at or before the first day of December in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred fourty one And that the said Treasurers or Receivers or any one or more of them upon the receipt of any money and Acquittance* from the high Collectors by this Statute to be authorized shall make unto every of the said Collectors one or more ^olieaoi^under Acquittances under the hands and Seales of the respective Treasurers or Receivers that shall receive the same Hand and Seal, testifying the receipt of soe much money as he shall receive and that the producing of the said Acquittances soe made Producing shall be as sufficient a Warrant for the said Collectors to passe theire Account as any Tallie or Constat out of the Warau for*' Receipt and the Sums abovesaid of and for the said two Subsidies shall be taxed set asked and demaunded taken Colleaors to pass gathered levied and paid to the persons and uses in this present Act expressed as well within liberties franchises pa !ment# in sanctuaries ancient demeasnes and other whatsoever places exempt or not exempt as without (except such Shires Liberties, &c. places and persons as shall be foreprized in and by this present Act) any Grant Charter Prescription Use or Libertie by reason of any Letters Patents or other priviledge prescription allowance for the same or whatsoever other matter or discharge heretofore to the contrary made granted used or obtained notwithstanding

And it is further enacted by authorise of this present Parliament that every such person aswell such as be borne Absentee*/ under the Kings Obeysance as every other person stranger born denizen or not denizen inhabiting within this Realme whether Natives or within Wales or other the Kings Dominions which at the time of the same assessings or taxations or any or by Certificate*©?

every of them to be had or made shall be out of this Realme or out of Wales and have Goods Chattels Lands or Inhabitant*

other Tenements Fees or Annuities or other Profits within this Realme or in Wales shall be charged and chargeable be. for the same by the certificate of the Inhabitants of the place where such Goods Chattels Lands Tenements or other the Premisses then shall be or in such place where such person or persons or his or theire deputie factor or attumey shall have his or theire most resort unto within this Realme or in Wales in like manner as if the person were or had

beene att the time of the said assessing within this Realme and that every person abiding or dwelling within or Rui* by which without this Realme shall be charged and chargeable to the said two Subsidies granted by this Act according and

after the rate of such yearely substance or value of Lands or Tenements Goods Chattels and other the premisses as every person soe to be charged shall be sett att at the time of the said assessing or taxation upon him to be made and no otherwise.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that for the assessing and ordering of the said Subsidies to to

be duely had the Lord Chancellour of England or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale the Lord Treasurer of be appointed by England the Lord President of the Kings Councell the Lord Privie Seale the Lord Admirall of England the Lord Treasurer*’ Steward of the Kings Household and the Lord Chamberlaine of the Kings Most honourable Household for the time and other great being or twoe of them at the least whereof the Lord Chancellour or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale or the Lord Treasurer for the time being to be one) shall and may name and appoint such and soe many persons as they in theire discretion shall thinke fit to be Commissioners for the rating and taxing of the honourable Household of the Kings Majesde in what Shire or other Place the said Household shall happen then to be. And the said Chancellor of England or Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being or such Commissioners as shall have the custodie thereof shall make and direct out of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seale severall Commissions for the sessing and leavying of the said severall Subsidies according to the true meaning of this Act in manner and forme, hereafter expressed (viz.)

For His Majesties household Unto the Persons in manner aforesaid to be nominated. Name* of the

Commissioner*.

And for the County of Bedford

Unto Sir Beecham S* John Knight Sir Robert Napier Knight and Baronet Sir Oliver Luke Sir Richard Conquest Sir Peter Osborne Sir Lewes Dive Sir Samuel Luke Sir W;lliam Bryers Sir George Russell Sir William Palmer Knights Richard Taylor Serjeant at Law John Burgoyne William Dumcombe William Boteler Thomas Rolt Oliver Boteler Roger Burgoyne James Beverley John Wingate Edward Cater Henry Chester Humphrey Fish Walter Rolt John Vaux Samuel Browne and Thomas Sadler Esquires.

For the Town of Bedford

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir Samuel Luke Knight Richard Taylor Serjeant at Law Francis Bannaster Doctor of Phisick Thomas Paradine Robert Hawse Thomas Hawes Gentlemen.

For the County of Buckingham

Unto Sir Edward Tirrell Knight and Baronet Sir Edmund Vcrney Knight and Baronet Sir John Lawrence Baronet Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Richard Ingoldsby Sir Robert Dormer Sir William Andrewes Sir Thomas Sanders Sir Henry Crooke Sir Arthur Manwaring Sir Edward Salter Sir John Parsons Sir Robert Lovet Sir Ralphe Vemey Knights Peter Dorrell ihomas Risley Richard Greenvile John Dormer Richard Winwood John Tirringham Thomas Tirringham

82

16° Car. I. c. 4*.

AJ).1640.

Thomas Egleston Rames Lowe Thomas Duncombe of Brickhill Thomas Tirrel Thomas Longvile Thomas Lea the elder Richard Sergeant William Hackvile Thomas Wes tall John Duncombe of East Claydon Henry Bulstrode William Wheeler Edmund Waller of Gregories Robert Busby Thomas Hampson Thomas Stafford Francis Cheyney the elder Edmund West William Bowyer Gabriel Hipslowe John Crooke Anthony Ratcliffe Esquires

The Bayliffes for the time being for die Towne of Buckingham Unto Sir Alexander Denton Knight Robert Smith John Nicholas Arthur Claver Gent!

For the County of Berks

William Lenthall Esquire now Speaker of the Commons House of Parliament Sir George Stonehouse Baronet Sir John Backhouse Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Knolls senior Sir Francis Knolls junior Knights Sir Richard Hanson Knight John Fedplace Edmund Dunche Henry Martin Thomas Manwaring John Harrison George Purefey Thomas Fetiplace Samuel Dunche Henry Pole Humphrey Doleman William Barker and Roger Knight of Gwinham Esquires.

For the Borough of New Windsor Unto the Maior for the time being Sir William Salter Knight Sir Robert Bennet Knight Edmund Eyre Gendeman William Tayler George Weldon Esquires Thomas Johnson Gens John Spencer Doctor in Phisick and John Hersy John Worship Gentlemen Thomas Waller Esquire Henry Henn Gen! and Mathew Day Alderman.

For the County of Cornwall Unto Sir John Trelawney Knight & Baronet Sir Richard Buller Sir Nicholas Slannying Sir Richard Vivian Sir Bevill Grenvill Knights John Arundell of Trerise Francis Godolphin of Godolphin Peirs Edgecombe Charles Trevanion Thomas Lower John Harris of Landrest Francis Buller of Shillingham Alexander Carew John Trefusis John S* Aubin Francis Basset Jonathan Rashley Peter Courtney Thomas Herle Hugh Boscawen Richard Erisy John Moyle Paul Speccot Ambrose Mannaton Nicholas Trefusis George Heale Humphrey Nicholl Francis Godolphin of Treveneage Thomas Gewen Walter Langdon William Glyn John Carter Thomas Arundell Hender Mouldworth John Polewhele and Joseph Jane Esquires.

For the County of Cumberland Unto Sir Patricius Curwen Sir William Dalston Sir Henry Fletcher Baronets Sir George Dalston Sir William Musgrave and Sir Thomas Dacres Knights Richard Barret John Skelton Peter Senhouse Richard Tolson William Lawson Thomas Lamplue John Eglonbie and William Briscoe Esquires.

For the County of Cambridge

Unto Sir John Cuts and Sir James Reynolds Knights Francis Russell John Cotton James Reynolds William Aliington Robert Peyton Michael Dalton Thomas Wendy Thomas Willis Isaac Baron Thomas Tirrell William March Robert Lukin Everard Buckworth Besney Betts William Barnes Dudley Pope John Craine James Ayliffe Thomas Simonds William Fisher Robert Castle John Hubbard Thomas Ducket John [ Wildbore1 ] and John Whistler Esquires.

For the Towne of Cambridge

Unto Sir John Cuts Knight the Maior for the time being John Lowrey Esquire Talbot Pepys Recorder Esquire Samuel Spaulding John Sherwood Robert Twells Aldermen Thomas French

For the County of Chester

Unto Sir George Booth Sir Richard Wilbraham Sir Thomas Delves Sir Richard Grosvenor Knights and Baronets Sir Edward Fitton Sir William Brereton [Baronets Sir Thomas Brereton Knight Richard Breretonl] Henry Leigh Thomas Stanley William Downes Peter Venables George Cotton Roger Wilbraham Hugh Wilbraham Peter Warburton of the Graunge Henry Bunbury William Whitmore Henry Burkenhead William Glegg John Crewe George Spurstowe Thomas [Crackstone}] William Liversage Philip Manwaring William Marbury and Thomas Cholmeley & Henry Manwaring Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Chester Unto the Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Smith Knight Robert Brerewood Esquire Serjeant at Law Recorder Francis Gamul William Gamul Christopher Bleasse Charles Walley and Nicholas Ince Aldermen.

For the County of Derby

Unto Sir George Greasley Sir Thomas Burdet Baronets Sir Edward Vernon Sir John Fitzherbert Sir Edward Leech Knights Thomas Greasley Christopher Horton John Agard Samuel Sleigh John Bullocke Simon Every Esquires John Gell Esquire Henry Gilbert Gentleman the Maior of Chesterfeild for the time being Christopher Fulwood John Milward John Frecheville John Shawcroft Randall Ashenhurst Francis Rhodes Edward Revill and Francis Revili Esquires Henry Wigfall and Lionell Fanshawe Gentlemen.

And for the Borough of Derby Unto the Maior for the time being John Hope Henry Wandell Luke Whittington Aldermen John Bullock Esquire Roger Allestry and Robert Meller Gentlemen.

A.D. 164Q.

16° Car. I. c.4.

83

For the County of Devon

Unto Sir Edward Seymour Knight and Baronet Sir George Chudieigh Sir Edmund fowell Sir Lewis Pollard Sir John Poole Sir Peter Prideaux Baronets Sir John Speccot Sir Samuel Bole Sir Shilston Calmady Sir Nicholas Martin Sir John Young Sir Richard Reynell Sir John Chichester Knights John Bampfeild Arthur Basset John Ackland Arthur Champeraon John Harris Hugh Fortescue John Gifford Anthony Dennis Thomas Southcot Edmund Arscote Samson Hde John Berry William Tothill Robert Savory Henry Waldron John Davy Francis Bluet Richard Columbe Henry Worth Walter Hele John Northcott Walter Young John Upton John Bampfeild George Trobridge George Peare Roger Mathew Edmund Prideaux James Welsh Edward Yard Richard Cabell Richard Duke Alexander Maynard William Maurice Thomas Risden Robert Stafford Edmund Fowell William Fry Humphrey Prouz John Peter and John Yeo Henry Aishford Edmund Tremaine William Carey Arthur Aishford John Foynes John Were Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Exon

Unto the Maior for the time being John Lynn Nicholas Spicer John Hackewill Adam Bennet Roger Malacke Robert Walker Esquires Robert Vilvaine Doctor of Phisicke

For the County of DorSett

Unto Sir Thomas Trenchard Knight Sir John Miller Knight George Lord Digby Denzell Hollis Esquire Sir John Strangewayes Sir Walter Earle Knights Richard Rogers Giles Strangwaies Gerrard Napper Thomas Earle William Whitaker Richard King Richard Rose Giles Greene Dennis Bond John Browne Angell Gray Gregory Gibs Richard Broderip John Arnold James Frampton George Williams Richard Bingham Thomas Tregunnell William Savage Esquire* John Dollinge Bampfeild Chafing Edmund Ogden John Hannam Esquires and Robert Toope Gentleman

For the Town and County of Pool

Unto the Maior for the time being George Scutt Alexander Wayte and John Harward Gentlemen and William Constantine Recorder

For the County of Yorke and for the Westriding of the County of Yorke

Unto Ferdinando Lord Fairefax Sir Francis Wortley Knight and Baronet Sir William Savile Sir Henry Slingsby Baronets Sir Henry Goodricke Sir William Lister Sir Arthur Ingram junior Sir Thomas Wentworth Sir John RamsdeU Sir George Wentworth Sir Edward Rhodes Sir William Fairefax Sir Jerves Cutler Sir Richard Hutton Sir William Ingram Sir John Wolstenholme Knights William Ingleby Henry Arthington John Kay Robert Rockley Ingram Hopton William West Jervas Hamond Henry Cholmely Nicholas Yarborough John Farrer William White Thomas Parker William Wombwell William Mallory Thomas Mauleverer John Reversby Esquires George Marwood Thomas Lister Richard Tankard John Robinson Gregory Armitage Thomas Stockdale Esquires Benjamin Wade and Joseph Hillary Gentlemen.

For the Northriding of the County of Yorke

Unto Henry Bellasis Esquire Sir Marmaduke Wyvell Sir Thomas Gore Knights and Baronets Sir Corners Darcy Sr William Sheffeild Sir Hugh Cholmely Sir Henry Anderson Sir Thomas Ingram Sir Richard Darley Sir Thomas Layton Sir Thomas Gore Sir Hugh Bethell Sir Henry Franckland Knights Henry Fowls Mathew Hutton John Dalton Henry Anderson John Calverley John Wastall John Dodsworth junior Arthur Awdbrough Roger Wyvell William Caley John Cholmeley Christopher Perchehay Charles Tankard John Talbot George Metcalfe George Trotter James Pennyman Thomas Heblethwaite Richard Wynn Christopher Waters Stephen Jackson Francis Rookeby Robert Strickland Richard Auldbrough Mathew Smelt Thomas Francklin Esquires John Ledgard of Maulton Esquire Francis Lassels Esquire Robert Wilde John Robinson Stephen Jackson James Cholmeley George Conyers Francis Thompson William Ford Richard Thompson William Staveley James Moore Thomas Lassels William Pinckney John Dent Robert Colchester & William Fish Gentlemen.

For the Eastriding of the County of Yorke

Unto Sir John Hotham Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Griffith Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Metham Sir Williant Alford Sir Philip Mountain Sir Michael Wharton Sir John Vavasor Sir Philip Stapleton Sir William Strictland Sir Thomas Remington Sir Arthur Robinson Knights Thomas Anlaby John Legard Richard Remington John [Botham Michael Wharton William Saint-Quintin Thomas Heblethwait Christopher Appleyard John Constable William Grimston Robert Crompton Francis Thorpe Christopher Ridley Gregory Crake John Anlaby Charles Bowes Stephen Tompson John Overton and Ralph Lutton Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Yorke

Unto Christopher Croft Lord Maior, Sir William Allanson and Sir Roger Jaques Knights and Aldermen Sir Thomas Widdrington Knight Recorder Sir Robert Belt Knight Alderman Leonard Betson Edmund Cooper Robert Hemsworth Thomas Hoyle James Hutchinson Thomas Hodgson Henry Tompson John Vaux and William Scott Aldermen

1 Hotham O.

84

16° Car. I. c. 4.

A.D. 1640.

For the Towne and County of Hull

Unto the Maior for the time being Peregrine Pelham Esquire Nicholas Denman Lancelot Roper William Popple James Watkinson Henry Barnard Gentlemen.

For the County of Essex

Sir Thomas Barrington Sir Harbottle Grimston Knights and Baronets Sir Thomas Bendish Sir Benjamin Ayloffe Sir William Hicks Sir William Masham Sir Richard Everard Sir William Luckin Sir William Wiseman Baronets Sir Martin Lomley Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Mildmay Knight Master of the Jewell House Sir Thomas Cheeke Sir Henry Mildmay of Moulsham Sir William Maxey Sir Henry Holcroft Sir Thomas Bowes Sir Francis Cooke Sir Henry Saint George Sir William Rowe Sir William Martin Sir Thomas Honywood Sir Humphrey Mildmay Sir John Barrington Sir Thomas Wiseman Sir Gamaliel Capel Sir John Tyrrell Sir Cranmore Harris Knights Harbottle Grimston Henry Nevil James Cambell John Harvey Esquires George Walton Robert Kempe John Argoll Edward Keightley John Wakering Edward Eltonhead Esquires William Gouldingham Euseby Wright James Hyron Esquires Edward Palmer William Corners Thomas Fanshawe John Wright Thomas Ayloffe Serjeant at Lawe William Atwood George Walton James Altham Timothy Middleton Nathaniel Bacon Anthony Luther Thomas Smith John Meade John Brooke, Cary Harvey Mildmay, Deane Tindall Henry Wiseman Robert Mildmay de Tar ling Edward Berket Esquires

For the Towne of Colchester The Maior for the time being Harbotle Grimston Esquire Recorder Robert Buckston Esquire Henry Barrington Alderman John Langley Daniel Cole Gentlemen

And for the Towne of Malden Unto the two Bailiffs for the time being Jeremiah Browning and John Francis.

For the Towne of Harwich

Unto the Maior for the time being Harbottle Grymston Esquire Recorder Richard Hawkins Robert [Hawes Roger Coleman.

For the County of Gloucester

Unto Sir Humphrey Tracy Sir Baynham Throgmorton Sir Richard Duce Baronets Sir John Tracy Sir William Masters Sir Ralph Dutton Sir John Seamor Sir Maurice Berkley Sir Robert Cooke Sir Robert Tracy Knights Richard Berkley Henry Poole John Dutton Nathaniel Stephens John Prettyman John Stephens Thomas Escourt John Fetyplace Esquires [William Try John How Esquires *] Stephen Fowler Gentleman Thomas Chester Edward Stephens John Cothrington Samuel Cothrington John Smith junior Anthony Kinscot Esquires Francis Finch John Berrow Thomas Morgan William Jones John Chamberlain Michael Rutler John Kite Esquires Anthony Hodges Gentleman William Stratford Esquire.

For the City and County of the City of Gloucester

Unto William Lenthall Esquire now Speaker of the Comons House of Parliament and Recorder of the said City and to the Maior for the time being Anthony Robinson Toby Bullocke [James3 ] Brewster John Webb James Powell William Singleton William Capell and Thomas Pury Aldermen.

For the County of Huntington

Unto Sir Sidney Mountague Knight Sir William Armyn Baronet Onslow Winche John Castle James Ravenscroft Valentine Walton Robert Page Wheathill Audley Toorell Josselin Thomas Cater Esquires

n

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir Oliver Cromwell Knight of the Bath Robert Barnard Esquire Lyonell Walden Gervais Fulwood Thomas Philipps and John Peacocke Aldermen

And for the County of Hertford

Unto Charles Viscount Cranbome Sir John Boteler Knight of the Bath Sir John Jennings Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Fanshawe Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Lucy Sir Thomas Hide Baronets Sir Charles Cesar Sir William Litton Knights Sir John Gerrard Barronet Sir Charles Harbourd Sir Thomas Fotherley Sir John Colte Sir Thomas Dacres Sir Edward Bash Sir John Wats Sir John Cesar Sir Peter Salstenstall Sir John Gower Sir John Harrison Knights William Preistley George Tooke Francis Taverner Granley Morton Edward Wingate Henry Anderson John Brocket James Mayne Francis Combes Esquires Thomas Blunt John Heydon Robert Dewhurst Edward Atkins Serjeant at Law Thomas Cooke Richard Hale Thomas Hewit Henry Gardner John Gulston Arthur Poulter Ralph Freeman William Newce John Brograve Edward Chester Edward Cason Arthur Capell Esquires

For the Town and Borough of Saint Albans

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir John Jennings Knight of the Bath John Robotham Thomas Cooley Ralph Pemberton Gentlemen

1 Hawke* O. c interlined on the Roll. * John 0. 4 Villa Hunting* 0.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

85

For the County of Hereford

Unto Sir Robert Harleigh Knight of the Bath Fitzwilliam Connisby Esquire Sir John Kirle Baronet Sir Richard Hopton Sir Robert Whitney Sir Humphrey Baskervile Sir William [Crofts'] Knights Wallop Brabazon Esquire Henry Lingen Roger Vaughan John Scudamore of Kent Church John Vaughan Ambrose Elton James Kirle William Rudhall William Scudamore Walter Kirle William Smallman Thomas Price Harbert Westfaling John Cornwall Paul Abrahall Epiphan Howorth Thomas Tomkins Walter Vaughan John Coles John Patshall Richard Barrowe Arnold Burghill William Cartwright Edward Broughton Henry Jones the Bailiffe of the Borough of Leominster for the time being

For the City of Hereford

Unto the Maior of the said City for the time being James Rodes Anthony Pembridge Richard* Weaver and Richard Seaboum Esquires James Lane Gentleman.

For the County of Kent

Unto Sir Edward Hales Sir Edward Deering Knights and Baronets Sir Thomas Peyton Sir John Baker Baronets Sir Roger Twisden Sir John [Widley *] Knights and Baronets Sir Thomas Palmer Sir John Rivers Baronets Sir Humphrey Stile Knight & Baronet Sir Michael Levesey Baronet Sir Edward Scot Sir William Brooke Sir George Sondes Knights of the Bath Sir Perivall Hart Sir Francis Bamham Sir Humphrey Tufton Sir Edward Boys Sir Thomas W^singham Sir James Oxenden Sir Anthony Welden Sir Peter Wroth Sir John Honywood Sir Edward Gilbome Sir Henry Grimston Sir Robert Filmer Sir John Culpepper Sir Cheiney Culpepper Sir Edward Master Sir William Brockman Knights Edward Monyns Richard Hardres Stephen Leonard Robert Bamham Henry Heyman Robert Bargrave Thomas Digges Anthony Hamman Richard Master John Boys Reynold Edwards Samuel Short John Henden William Boys Edward Dering Nicholas Toke George Chute Norton Knatchbull Richard Lee George Strode Thomas Seliard William James Thomas Blunt Edward Partherich Henry Dixon Thomas Godfrey Peter Godfrey Henry Gilbome Goldwell John Harvey Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Canterbury

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir Edward Masters Knight John Nutt Francis Lovelace William Man Esquires Thomas Courthope Esquire Avery Savyn & James Masters Aldermen

For the City of Rochester

Unto the Maior for the time being Henry Clearke Esquire Serjeant att Law Recorder Richard Lea George Newman Esquires and John Cobham Gentleman.

For the Parts of Lyndsey in the County of Lincolne

Unto Edmund Lord Sheffeild Sir John Wray Knight and Baronet Sir Philipp Tirwhit Sir John Bolles Baronets Sir Edward Askew Sir William Pelham Sir Charles Bolles Sir Christopher Wray Sir John South Sir Henry Radley Knights Nathaniel Fynes John Bellasis Thomas Grantham Samuel Oldfeild Anthony Meeres Thomas Sanderson Edmund Anderson Stephen Anderson Willoughby Hickman Charles Pelham John Broxholm Vincent Sheffeild Marmaduke Darrell Edward Rositer Richard Toothby Thomas Ayscough senior John Bradley William Godfrey Francis Wolbey Esquires William Loddington Gentleman the Maior of Grimsby William Coney Esquire Rutland Snowden Esquire.

For the City of Lincolne

Unto the Maior of Lincolne for the time being Thomas Grantham Esquire John Broxholm Esquire Richard White William Watson Stephen Dawson Aldermen and Richard Ward Citizen.

For the Borough of Boston

Unto Sir Anthony Irby Knight William Ellis Esquire William Jenkinson Richard Westland Charles Empson Edward Tilson John Whiting Thomas Askham Thomas Welby Gentlemen and the Maior of Boston for the time being.

For the Parts of Holland in Coni p*d

Unto Sir Anthony Irby Knight Thomas Ogle William Lofton Thomas Reade Bevill Wimberley William Ellis Dymock Walpole Philip Welby Thomas Ogle Esquires John Hobson Francis Empson Gentlemen John Harrington Esquire Thomas Irby Esquire.

For the Parts of Kestaven in the County of Lincolne

Unto Sir Robert Carr Sir William Armyn Baronets Sir John Brooke Sir Hamond Whitchcot Sir Gervas Nevill Knights Charles Dymock Thomas Hatcher Edmund Hall Thomas Harrington Thomas Lister John Brownlowe Edward King Henry Pelham Esquires Edward Skipwith Robert Treadway William Savile John Archer Esquires the Alderman of Stamford and the Alderman of Grantham

For the County of Leicester

Unto Sir Edward Hartoppe Baronet Sir Woolston Dixie Sir Richard Roberts Knights George Ashby Nicholas Lister Thomas Babington Thomas Brewdnell Richard Bent Henry Fawnt Arthur Staveley William Roberts William Quarles William Jerves Peter Temple Thomas Beamont George Puchin Simon Ridgeley William Davers Roger Smith John SamI-John Thomas Merry William Halford Francis Hacker Sen Esqus.

• Crofte O.

« Sidley 0.

86

16° Car. I. c. 4.

A.D. 1640.

For the Borough of Leicester

Unto the Maior for the time being Gilbert Fawsett William Billers Thomas Blounts John Norris Thomas Ruddiard Aldermen.

For the County Palatine of Lancaster

Unto Sir Gilbert Houghton Knight & Baronet Sir Ralph Ashton Sir Thomas Stanley Baronets Sir Thomas Barton Knight Ralph Ashton [Robert *] Kirkby Richard Shuttleworth John More Thomas Standish Ralph Ashton Richard Holland Charles Garrard John Atherton Robert Holt Alexander Rigby of Burgh Hugh Rigby Alexander Rigby William Farrington Thomas Preston John Gerlington George Dodding Edmund Hopwood Nicholas Townly Henry Ashhurst John Bradshawe Edward Veale Esquires Henry Ogle Savile Ratcliffe John Starkey Edward Butterworth William Ambrose Christopher Banister Esquires Thomas Whittingham John Bradell Edmund Ashton Ratcliffe Ashton Esquires Richard Shuttleworth Gentleman.

For the County of Middlesex

Unto Sir Edward Spencer Knight Sir Thomas Fowler Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Barkham Knight and Baronet Sir William Balfour Knight Leiutenant of the Tower of London Sir Francis Darcey Sir John Davers Sir Thomas Lake Sir Edward Wardour Sir William Roberts Sir Henry Roe Sir John Bennet Sir Thomas Allen Sir Robert Wood Sir Nicholas Raynton Knights John Page Esquire one of the Masters of the Chancery Thomas Gardiner Esquire Recorder of the City of London William Hill Justinian Povey William Cholmley Robert Fenn John Hawtrey Francis Poulton John Herne John Huxley George Long Edward Roberts Richard Blower Anthony Crofts Richard Sprygenell Esquires John Smith Thomas Marsh John Hooker Edward Noeli Gideon Awnsham Thomas Jennings Richard Page and Thomas Wilcox Esquires.

For the City of Westminster

Unto Sir Edmund Verney Sir William Ashton [Sir1] Randall Crewe Sir Robert Pye Sir Arthur Ingram Sir Edward Wardour Knights Robert Dixon Michael Oldesworth Mathew Hale Arthur Squibb John Glynn Peter Hayward Henry Lyde William Wheeler Esquires Robert Dixon George Bleverhaset William Bell John Brigham Gentlemen John Chicheley John Trenchard Robert Scawen Esquires and Richard Gammon Gentleman.

And for the Dutchy of Lancaster

Edward Lord Newburgh Chancelor of the Dutchy Sir Thomas Bedingfeild Knight Attorney Sir Edward Harbert Knight Attumey Generali to the Kings Most Excellent Majestie & Challenor Chute Esquire.

For the City of London

Unto the Lord Maior for the time being Sir James Cambell Sir George Whitmore Sir Nicholas Raynton Sir Christopher Cletherow Sir Maurice Abbot and Sir Henry Garway Knights and Aldermen Thomas Gardiner Esquire Recorder Thomas Soame Isaac Pennington Aldermen Mathew Cradock and Samuel Vassall Citizens.

For the County of Monmouth

Unto Edward Lord Herbert Sir Edmund Morgan and Sir William Morgan Knights William Kemeys Esquire William Harbert Richard Herbert Thomas Morgan de Maughen Trevor Williams William Harbert of Colebrooke Nicholas Kemeyes John Milboum Henry Probert David Lewes William Baker Philip Jones William Jones de Uske George Probert Thomas Morgan de Lansore William Morgan of Tredonock Gentleman and Thomas Williams Gentleman.

For the County of Northampton

Unto William Lord Fitzwilliams of Milton Sir Rowland Sl John Knight of the Bath Sir Lewes Watson Sir John Isham Knights and Baronets Sir Christopher Yelverton Sir William Chancey Sir Richard Samuel Sir William Wilmore Sir Edward Watson Sir Humphrey Ormes Knights Richard Lane Esquire Attorney to the Prince his Highnesse Richard Knightley the elder Charles Edmonds Francis Nicholls Edward Hardy John Barnard Robert Mildmay John Cartwright Philip Houleman John Creswell Richard Trist William Pargiter John Wirley James Anyan Edward Fanner Richard Owsly Clifton Catesby Robert Britton George Clarke Lawrence Manley Thomas Andrew Thomas Genison John Gages John Sawyer Thomas Pentlowe Thomas Dove Francis Quarles John Claypool Edward Dudley Thomas Elmes John Norton Esquires Edward Hanbury Edward Shugborough John Norwich John Syres Edward Palmer Robert Kirkham and Thomas Rud Esquires and William Hack Esquire.

For the Borough of Northampton

Unto the Maior for the time being Richard Lane Esquire Recorder Attorney Generali to the Princes Highnesse Sir Richard Samuel Knight Francis Nicolls Esquire Thomas Martin Joseph Sergeant John Gifford John Herbert and John Brett Aldermen

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

87

For the County of Nottingham

Francis Peirepont Esquire Sir (Jervas Clifton Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Molineaux Sir Hardolph Wastenesse Baronets Sir John Byron Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Hutchinson Knight Sir Francis Thomhagh Sir Roger Cooper Sir Mathew Palmer Sir Genras Eyre Knights Robert Sutton Isham Parkins Anthony Eyre John Nevill Thomas Williamson William Stanhope Richard Byron John Wood Senior Timothy Pusey Gilbert Millington John Digby Acton Burnell Jervas Piggot Genras Lee John Odingsell Hugh Cartwright William Saunderson Richard Hacker John Wood Junior Esquires

For the Towne and County of Nottingham

Unto the Maior for the time being William Fletcher Recorder Francis Peirpoint Esquire Sir Gervas Clifton Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Hutchinson Knight William Nix Alderman Richard Hardmeat Alderman William Gregory John James Robert Burton and Francis Toplady Aldermen Robert Sutton William Stannopp and Gilbert Millington Esquires Huntington Plumbtree Doctor in Phisick and Robert Greeves and John Gregory Gens

For the Towne of Newarke upon Trent in Comit Nott

The Maior for the time being Sir Mathew Palmer Knight Robert Sutton Lancelot Thompson Thomas Atkinson Edward Standish John Johnson Christopher Wilson.

For the County of Norfolke

Unto Sir John Hobart Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Richardson Knight Sir Thomas Woodhouse Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Bemey Sir John Holland Baronet Sir Miles Hobart Knight of the Bath Sir Hamond Le Strange Sir Thomas Deereham Sir Charles Le Grosse Sir Robert Kempe Sir Anthony Gawdy Sir Thomas Hoogan Sir Edmund Mundeford and Sir Thomas Gawdy Knights William Paston Thomas Knivett Framlingham Gawdy James Hobart John Potts John Buxton Thomas Windeham William Heveningham Robert Bacon Richard CatJyn Thomas Guybon Robert de Grey John Spelman of Norborough John Smith Gregory Gawsell Charles Suckling Jeffery Cobb Thomas Fincham John Palgrave Francis Jenny Edward Gurney William Doily William Buckworth Valentine Pell Robert Woods Robert Wilton James Seamier John Spelman Martin Sidley Robert Thonge Robert Houghton and Thomas Wright Adam Scambler James Scambler Robert Shapes Thomas Wright Thomas Finsham Martin Sidley Edward Chamberlaine Henry Taylor Thomas Reeve and John Kendall Esquires.

For the Towne of Thetford

The Maior for the time being Henry Depneyes Alderman Edward Moore John Chapman Henry Kettall Robert SneUing Thomas Snelling Giles Alden John Salman Edmund Mobbs Gentlemen and Henry Mendham Gentleman.

And for the City of Norwich

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir William Denny Knight Francis Bacon Sergeant at Law Richard Rose Thomas Shipdham Henry Lane Christopher Barret Robert Sumpter Thomas Baker John Tooley Richard Harman Esquires John Thacker William Goslyn Lynewell Sherwood Francis Norris Thomas Barret Gentleman.

For the Towne of Lyn Regis

The Maior for the time being Francis Parlett Recorder Roger Bungey Walter Kirby Robert Hawley James Astwood Gentlemen

For the Towne of Yarmouth

Thomas Green Robert Wakeman Henry Davis Thomas Johnson Aldermen.

For the County of Oxford

Unto William Lenthall Esquire now Speaker of the Commons House of Parliament Sir Thomas Pope Knight Sir Thomas Peniston Knight and Baronet Sir Peter Wentworth Knight of the Bath Sir John Curson Sir Robert Dormer Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Lacy Sir Francis Norris Sir William Cobb Knights Edward Wray John Doily Thomas Chamberlaine William Walter Thomas Tipping Robert Scroope Edmund Symeon Unton Croke Humphrey Elmes Richard Hampden John Taverner Edmund Gooddier William Tipping John Griffith Edmund Chamberlaine Bartholomew Hone Rice Jones and Walter Dunch Edward Clarke Chamell Pettie & Vincent Barrey and Richard Powell Esquires.

And for the City of Oxon

Unto the Maior of the said City for the time being John Whistler Esquire Recorder William Potter Henry Southam John Sayer Martin Wright John Nixon Aldermen Timothy Carter Town Clerk.

For the County of Rutland

To Sir Edward Harrington Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Bodenham and Sir Henry Mynn Knights Henry Noell Alggander Noel! Bryan Palms Edward Heath Evers Armyn John Osborne Everard Falkener Edward Cheseldine and Andrew Burton Esquires

88

16° Car. I. c. 4.

A.D. 1640.

For the County of Surrey

Unto William Mounson Knight Lord Viscount Mounson of Castlemaine Sir Anthony Vincent Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Younge Sir Ambrose Browne Baronets Sir Nicholas Carewe Sir Richard Onslowe Sir Arthur Manwaring Sir Thomas Grymes Sir Francis Howard Sir Charles Howard Sir Francis Stidolph Sir John Howland Sir John Lenthall Sir John Jaques Sir John Lydcote Sir John Tunstall Sir John Gresham Sir Thomas Evelyn Sir William Elliot Sir Thomas Bludder Sir Dudley Carleton Sir Robert Parkehurst Knights Nicholas Stoughton Henry Hilliard George Evelyn Samuel Owfeild Arthur Squibb George Mynn George Duncombe Senior William Muschampe Robert Hatton John Evelyn Robert Goodwyn Edmund Saunders John Turner TIenry Weston Robert Holman Edward Bish the Elder Edward Bish the younger Hayward Bickerstaffe Richard Hackett Woolley Lee John Denham Robert Hamond Mathew Carleton John Goodwin Esquires and John Wayte Gentlemen.

For the Borough of Southwarke

Sir John Lenthall Knight Samuel Warcopp Esquire Robert Haughton Cornelius Cocke

For the County of Stafford

Unto Sir William Brereton Sir Harvy Bagot Sir Edward Littleton Baronets Sir Richard Leveson Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Egerton Ralph Snede Walter Wrottesley George Digby Thomas Crumpton Humphrey Worley Mathew Moreton John Scrimshire William Cotton John Fowke Esquires Edward Manwaring Walter Grosvenor Richard Pyat Michael Biddulph John Wedgewood William Brookes [ Esquire1] Richard seven Richard Hinton Gentlemen.

For the City and County of the City of Litchfeild

Unto the Bayliffes of the City for the time being Sir Walter Devereaux Knight Michael Noble Esquire John Barnes Humphrey Mathewe Randulph Terricke Richard Baxter and Richard Drafgate Gentlemen.

For the County of Salop

Unto Sir Robert Howard Knight of the Bath William Peirpont Esquire Sir Richard Levison Knight of the Bath Sir Paul Harris Knight and Baronet Sir John Corbet Baronet Sir William Whitmore Sir Richard Newport Sir William Owen Sir Robert Eyton Sir Edward Kynaston Sir Gilbert Cornwell Knights Henry Broomeley Harcourt Layton Esquire John Weld Esquire Richard Moore Charles Baldwyn Francis Carleton Walter Berker Edward Jones Thomas Eyton Peter Corbet Edward Cresset Thomas Corbet Adam Littleton Thomas Cettleby Francis Herbert William Littleton Morton Briggs Thomas Woolrich Walter A£ton Humphrey Walcott Walter Piggott John Newton Thomas Nicholls Arthur Sandford William Fowler Thomas Mitton Andrew Lloyd Richard Lloyd Francis Thornes Robert Powell Thomas Screven William Blunden Richard Okeley Walter Waring Thomas Sotheme Roger Kineston Esquires Rowland Hill Arthur Ward Thomas Lochard Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Shrewsbury

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir Richard Prince Knight Timothy Turner Thomas Jones Senior Richard Gibbons Esquires Edward Jones Thomas Owen Humphrey Mackworth Esquires William Rowley Simon Weston Charles Benyon Robert Betton Thomas Winfeild John Studley Aldermen.

For the Towne of Ludlowe

Unto the Bayliffes for the time being Ralph Goodwin Charles Baldwin Esquires Edward Jones Adam Acton and Ellis Beddow Gentlemen.

For the County of Southampton

Unto William Ashbumeham Esquire Sir John Milles Baronet Sir Richard Tichbome Sir Richard Norton Knights and Baronets Sir William Lewes Baronet Sir Henry Wallop Sir William Uvedall Sir Richard Gifford Sir Francis Dowse Sir Thomas Bilson Sir Henry Mildmay Sir Thomas Jervoise Sir Henry Clarke Sir John Compton Knights Robert Wallop Thomas Willis Richard Whitehead Henry Sanders John Doddington William Jepson William Kingsmill Richard Jarvoise Richard Norton of Southwicke Thomas Neale John Lisle Edward Pitt Benjamin Tichbume Dowse Fuller Edward Goddard Joseph Wale Thomas Edmonds Edward Hooper John Hooke John Buckley Thomas Betsworth Arthur Bromfeild Henry Tulse William Withers Richard [Major1] and Thomas Chandelor Esquires

For the Isle of Wight

Unto Sir Henry Worsley Baronet Sir Robert Dellington Baronet Sir John Oglaunder Sir William Lisle Sir Edward Dennis Sir John Leigh Knights Bamaby Leigh John Lisle John Mens John Richards William Boarman and John Worsley Esquires.

For the City of Winchester

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir William Ogle Knight John Lisle Raphe Riggs Gentlemen Joseph Butler Thomas Godson Aldermen

For the Towne and County of Southampton Unto the Maior for the time being Sir John Mill Baronet Henry Brasbridge Nicholas Peascodd Peter Seale Thomas Mason Peter Clungeon Gentlemen.

1 Esquires 0.

1 Mayo’

A.D.\640.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

89

For the County of Suffolke

Unto William Spring Esquire Sir Edmund Bacon Sir William Playters Sir Robert Crane Knights and Baronets Sir John Barker Baronet Sir Butts Bacon Baronet Sir Roger North Sir Nathaniel Bamardiston Sir Philip Parker Sir Simond Dewes Sir William Soames Sir Charles Crofts Sir Robert Brooke Sir John Wentworth Sir William Harvey Sir John Rowse [Knights1 ] Sir Thomas [See*] Knight Thomas Jermyn William Heveningham John Wingfeild John Gurdaine Wiseman Bokenam Morrice Barrow William Ryvet of Bilson Isaac Apletcn Henry North Thomas Cole Richard Pepys Edmund Harvey of Wickamsith Thomas Playters Francis Bruster John Scrivener Henry North the elder Arthur Jenney Nicholas Bacon of Dennington Nathaniel Bacon of Fristow Nicholas Rivet of Drinson Nicholas Ryvet of Branston John Laney Francis Bacon William Bloys of Grundisburghe and John Clench junior Esquires,

For the Towne of Ipswich

Unto the Bayliffes of the said Towne of Ipswich John Laney Esquire Robert Sparrowe John Sicklemore Edmund Keene Richard Puplet Gentlemen

For the Borough of S* Edmunds Bury Unto William Grigg Alderman Thomas Fletcher Esquire Robert Browne Alderman Richard Gipps & John Lelham.

For the Towne of Aldborough Unto John Bence and Richard Browne Bayliffes & unto John Wall and Thomas Johnson.

For the Towne of Orford Unto the Maior of Orford for the time being and to Daniel Herbert and Francis Burwell

For the Towne of Hadleigh Unto the Maior for the time being Francis Bacon John Gale Thomas Allablaster and Thomas Richardson

For the County of Somerset

Unto Sir John Homer Sir Charles Berkley Sir Edward Berkley Sir Francis Doddington Sir Henry Berkley Knights John Mallet John Harrington William Wallrond Thomas Mallet Serjeant at Law George Powlett Richard Cole Anthony Stocker William Capell John Symms William Every William Bull Robert Harbyn Thomas Bridges Francis Hawley Edward Orange Thomas Lutterell Samuel Gorges Robert Henley William Strode of Barrington Amias Bampfeild John Saint Albone John Hunt Edward Dyer William Hill of Pounsford Edward Weekes William Barow Senior John Baber & John Merefeild Esquires.

For the City of Bath

Unto the Maior for the time being William Chapman Richard Chapman Robert Fisher John Biggs Aldermen

For the County of Sussex

Unto Sir Thomas Pelham Sir Thomas Bowyer Baronets Sir John Chapman Sir William Morley Sir Henry Dawtrey Sir Thomas Parker Knights Henry Garton Anthony Stapley Edward Forde Thomas Grey John Alford Thomas Milles Nicholas Wolfe Raphe Cooper Henry Goring Edward Goring Thomas May Thomas Middleton Hail Ravenscroft William Marlott Edward Apsley William Michelbome James Rivers Harbert Morley Anthony Fowle Henry Shelley John Ashbumham William White Harbert Hay John Baker Laurence Ashbumham Herbert Bourd John Busbridge William Cawley Peter Furveden and Thomas Eversfeild Esquires

For the City of Chichester

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir William Morley Knight Robert Anderson George Greene and Henry Bellingham Esquires William Margerom Merchant Henshaw Stephen Humphreys Gens

For the County of Westmerland

Unto Sir Philip Musgrave Baronet Sir James Bellingham Sir Richard Sandford Knight Sir Henry Bellingham Knight and Baronet Sir John Lowther Baronet Christopher Phillipson Gawen Brathwaite Allen Bellingham George Gilpin Richard Crackenthorpe Esquires.

For the County of Wiltes

Unto Edward Lord Gorges Sir John S* John Knight and Baronet Sir William Button Knight and Baronet Sir

Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Bainton Sir John Eameley Sir Nevill Poole Sir Theobald Gorges

Sir Henry Ludlowe Sir Walter Smith Sir John Lambe Sir George Ayloffe Sir John Evelin Sir James Thynn Knights

John Glanvile Robert Hide Serjeants at Lawe Edward Seymor George Vaughan John Glanvile and Robert Hide

Serjeants at Lawe Laurence Hide Richard Goddard John Bowles Edward Tucker Francis Swanton John Sadler

Robert Drewe Edward Eamely William Bower John Toppe Thomas Moore Robert Eyre William Wallis Robert

Jennor Walter Longe John Ducket Edmund Escourt Robert Nicholas Charles Gore Thomas Hungerford Thomas

Bennet Henry Bayly Walter Norbome Esquires.

----- —■ - —■— — — - —— - - . 1 - —

1 interlined on the Roll. ' Gee 0.

90

16° Car. I. c. 4.

A.D. 1640.

For the City of New Saruni

Unto the Maior for the Time being Robert Hide Serjeant at Law Recorder Richard Goddard Esquire Mathew Bee Thomas Hancocke senior John Ivie James Abbot John Dove Aldermen

For the County of Worcester

Unto Sir Walter Devereaux Knight & Baronet Sir John Rowse Knight Edward Dingley Edward Pitt William Jefferies of Ham Castle Philip Bruce Henry Townsend Henry Ingram John Savage John Nanfar Edward Vernon Thomas Cooke Thomas Good William Child Esquires

For the Gty and County of the City of Worcester

Unto the Maior for the time being John Cowcher Daniel Tyas Roger Gough John Hastocke John Hanbury John Nash Richard Hemming George Streete Humphrey Vernon and Francis Streete Esquires

For the Borough of Evesham

[To * ] the Maior of the said Borough for the time being Sir John Rowse Knight Francis Hurwell William Martin Samuel Gardiner Thomas Cresheld Gentlemen

For the County of Warwick

Unto Sir Thomas Holt Knight and Baronet Sir Peter Wentworth Knight of the Bath Sir Simon Clarke Sir Robert Fisher Baronets Sir Grevill Vemey Sir Edward Underhill Sir Hercules Underhill Sir Henry Gibbs Sir Thomas Leigh Sir Francis Willoughby Sir Simon Archer and Sir George Devoreux Knights William Boughton William Combe Robert Lee William Browne Robert Arden Richard Chamberlaine Spencer Lucy Rowley Ward [ Serjeant •] at Law Walter Chetwyn Clement Throgmorton Richard Shugborough John Lisle William Purefey James Onyon John Temple Thomas Boughton Anthony Stoughton Robert Skelton Thomas Combe and John Fetherston Esquires

For the City of Coventrey

Unto the Maior for the time being Henry Million John Clarke Thomas Ward William Jessen Simon Norton JohnBarker Aldermen John Hales and Richard Greene Esquires

For the County of Anglesey and the Towne of Bewmares

Unto Sir Arthur Terringham Sir Thomas Holland Knights Thomas Bulkeley John Bodvel Hugh Owen de Bod eon Owen Woods William Robinson Richard Owen Henry White William Bold Esquires.

For the County of Brecknock

Unto Sir Henry Williams Thomas Gwyn John Williams Richard Games John Walbiefe Jeoffry Jeffryes Richard Rumsey Edward Williams Meredith Lewes Roger Vaughan William Herbert Bailiffe of Brecknock William Watkins Davies Winter Lewes Meredith Hugh Meredith John Herbert Morgan Aubrey Esquires

For the County of Cardigan

Unto Sir Marmaduke Lloyd Knight Sir John Lewes Knight Richard Price James Lewes Henry Vaughan Even Gwynn John Stedman Thomas Price John Pugh David Evans John Phillips John Vaughan Esquires.

For the County of Carmarthen

Unto Sir Richard Vaughan Knight of the Bath and Earle of Carbery Sir Rees Rudd Baronet Sir William Vaughan Knight Henry Jones David Guyn Richard Vaughan Rowland Gwyn Richard Phillips John Harris Esquires.

For the Borough and the County of the Borough of Carmarthen

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir Richard Vaughan Knight of the Bath and Earle of Carbery Griffith Lewes Martin Bynon Thomas Wood Lewes Jones Thomas Jones Rowland Phillips and John Bloome Esquires.

For the County of Camarvan

Unto Sir Richard Wynn Knight and Baronet Sir William Williams Baronet Thomas Glyn Griffith Jones John Griffith Owen Wynn William Thomas John Owen Griffith Thomas Humphrey Jones Thomas Glynn of Nanfey William Glynn John Bodurda John Robins Thomas Maddryn William Lloyd Arthur Williams William Hookes Hugh Griffith and Hugh Wynn Esquires.

For the County of Denbye

Unto Sir Thomas Salisbury Baronet Sir Thomas Middleton Sir Edward Broughton Knights William Wynn Robert Wynn Roger Holland John Lloyd Simon Theloall [Gerrard Eyton Thomas Strafford Edward Theloall3] John Rodden Richard Lloyd and Edward Meredith Esquires

AJ).\640.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

91

For the County of Flint

Unto Sir Thomas Hanmer Baronet Sir Roger Moystyn [Knight1] Sir Thomas Bruerton Sir Thomas Mostyn Knights Richard Grovesnor Thomas Ravenscroft Humphrey Dymocke Robert Davies Thomas Mostyn John POson John Salisbury John Eaton Robert Morgan William Mostyn Peter Griffith Peter Evans Richard Parry & Evan Edwards Esquires.

For the County of Glamorgan

Unto Philip Lord Herbert of Cardiffe Sir William Lewes Sir Thomas Lewes Sir Anthony Mansell Knights Edward Stradling John [Camel] John Oberry Nicholas Kemes Thomas Mathewes Richard Basset William Herbert of Swansey Anthony Gwyn William Harbert of Cogan Edward Thomas Thomas Lewis Thomas Came David Evans Marmaduke Mathewes Watkin Lougher Jenkin Morgan Walter Thomas Esquires and Richard Seys Gentleman

For the County of Merenoth

Unto Sir James Price Knight William Salisbury Edmond Merick Hugh Nanny William Lewes Lewes Anwell William Wynn John Lloyd John Morgan John Lewes Lewes Nanny Esquires.

For the County of Pembrooke

Unto Sir Richard Phillips Sir John Stepney Baronets Hugh Owen John Lawhame Thomas ap Rice Hugh Bowen Griffith White Arthur Owen Lewes Barlowe Davy Parry George Bowen and John Phillips Esquires.

For the Towne and County of Haverford West

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir John Stepney Baronet Morrice Cannon William Maylor John Davies Gentlemen Jenkyn Howell Richard Bivans Aldermen William Bowen and Thomas Barlowe Esquires.

For the County of Mountgomery

Unto Sir John Price Baronet Sir Edward Lloyd Knight Richard Herbert Arthur Price Rowland Pughe John Blainey Edward Corbett Lloyd Peers John Price Richard Pughe Evan Glynn Edward Lloyd Thomas Morrice Thomas Owens Esquires Charles Lloyd Edward Wynne and William Ruffine Gentlemen.

For the County of Radnor

Unto William Vaughan James Price Richard Jones John Powell Rodericke Gwyn Morgan Vaughan Nicholas Meredith Hugh Lloyd Harbert Weston and Robert Williams Esquires.

Which Commissions for the Payment of the said twoe Subsidies shall bee severally and respectively delivered to the said Commissioners or to one of them before the first day of October in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty one and to every of the said Commissions ten Schedules (containing in them the tenour of this Act) «M1 be affiled And for the Commissioners better discovery of Popish Recusants severall Schedules shall be delivered unto them with theire severall Commissions out of the Exchequer and Certificates from the Clerkes of the Assizes and of the Peace and other like Officers and from the Ministers and Churchwardens of every Parish of the Names of such Popish Recusants as are to be charged by this Act by the which Commission the Commissioners in every such Commission named according to this Act and as many of them as shall be appointed by the said Commission shall have full power and authority to put the effect of the said Commission in execution and that by. authority of this Act after such Commission to them delivered they may by theire assents and agreements sever themselves for the execution of theire Commission in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Townes Parishes and other Places within the limits of the said Commission in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered and betweene them to be comuned and agreed according to the tenour and effect of the Commission to them therein directed

And be it alsoe enacted by authority of this present Parliament that the Commissioners and every of them which are named limited and appointed according to this Act to be Commissioners in every such Shire Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape City Towne Borough Isle and the said Household or any other Place and none other shall truly effectually and diligently for theire parts execute the effect of this present Act according to the tenour thereof in every behalfe and no otherwise by any meanes without omission favour dread malice or any other thing to be attempted or done by them or any of them to the contrary thereof And the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be appointed by the said Commission and none other for the execution of the said Commission and Ad shall for the taxation of the said two Subsidies before the tenth day of October by vertue of the Commission delivered to them in forme aforesaid direct theire severall or joynt Precept or Precepts unto eight seaven six five four three or twoe (as for the number of Inhabitants shall be requisite) of the most substantial! discreet and honest persons and inhabitants to be named by the said Commissioners or by as many of them as shall be appointed by the said Commission of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes Townes and other Places aswell within Liberties Franchises ancient demesne Places exempted and Sanctuaries as without within the limits of the Shires Rydings Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughs and Isle aforesaid and other Places within the Limits of theire Commission and to the Constables Subconstables Bailiffes and other like Officers and Ministers of every of the

Commisnon to be delivered to

before i*t October 16411 and Ten Schedules filed, and Schedules, See. of Names of Popish Recusants.

to execute Commission, and •ever themselves.

V.

Commissioners to execute Ad according to the tenor thereof.

Commissioners to direct Precepts to certain Number of Inhabitants in Hundreds, &c. to appear before the Commissioners.

1 0. omits.

1 Carnye 0.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

A.D. 1640.

Penoni who receive Precepts are to •hew such Precepts to the other Inhabitants named therein.

Penalty 40s.

VL Persons named in Precept to appear before

Such Persons making Default, or refusing to serve. Penalty 40s.

Upon Appearance charged to make Enquiry into the Substance of Persons to be charged; but such Enquiry not to be taken on Oath, and to certify before Commissioners.

Penalty

Thereupon Commissioners to read the Rates openly.

Afterwards another Day appointed by Commissioners for such Persons to appear.

Not appearing.

Penalty 40s.

or refusing to make Certificate. Penalty 40s.

Commissioners to examine Presenters of Certificate.

Further Proceedings on Assessments by Precepts to Constables, &c. to warn Persons named therein to appear.

said Hundreds Townes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes and other Places aforesaid as to the said Commissioners and every number of them or to three or twoe of them by theire discretion in division shall seeme expedient and as by the manner and use of those parts shall be requisite straitly by the said Precept charging and commanding the said Inhabitants Constables and other Officers aforesaid to whom such Precept shall be soe directed to appear in theire proper persons before the said Commissioners or such number of them as they shall divide themselves according to the tenour of the said Commission at certaine dayes and places by the said Commissioners or any such number of them as is aforesaid within Cities Boroughs or Townes Corporate or without in any other place as is aforesaid by theire discretion to be limited thereunto to doe and accomplish all that to them on the parte of the Kings Majestie shall be enjoyned touching this Act commaunding further by the said Precept that tie to whose hands such precept shall come shall shew and deliver the same to the other Inhabitants or Officers named in the said Precept and that none of them faile to accomplish the same upon paine of forty shillings to be forfeited to the Kings Majestie

And it is further ordained by the authority of this present Parliament that att the said day and place prefixed and limited in the said Precept every of the said Commissioners then being in the Shire and not having sufficient excuse for his absence at the day and place prefixed for that part whereunto he was limited shall appeare in his owne proper person and there the same Commissioners being present or as many of them as shall be appointed by the Kings Majesties Commission shall call or cause be called before them the said Inhabitants and Officers to whom they have directed theire said Precepts and which had in commaundment there to appeare by vertue of the said Precept and if any person soe warned make default unlesse he then bee letted by sicknesse or lawfull excuse and that let be then witnessed by the oathes of two credible persons or if any appearing refuse to serve in forme following then every such person soe making default or refusing to serve shall forfeite [ to1 ] the Kings Majestie forty shillings and upon the same appearance had they shall be charged before the Commissioners by all convenient wayes and meanes other then by corporal! Oath to enquire of the value of the substance after the usuall manner of every person dwelling and abiding within the limits of the places that they shall be charged with and of others which shall have his or theire most resort unto any of the said places and chargeable with any Sum of Money by this Act of the said Subsidies and all other thinges requisite touching the said Act & according to the intent of the same and thereupon as neere as it may bee or shall come to theire knowledge without respect of any former taxation heretofore had truly to present and certifie before the said Commissioners the names and sirnames and the substance and value of every of them after the usuall manner as aforesaid aswell of Lands Tenements and other Hereditaments Possessions and Profits as of Goods Chattels Debts and other things chargeable by the same Act without any concealment love favour affection dread or malice upon paine of forfeiture of five pounds at the most to be taxed extracted and leavied in forme as hereafter in this present Act shall be limited or appointed And thereupon the said Commissioners shall openly there read or cause to be read unto them the said rates in this Act mentioned and openly declare the effect of theire Charge unto them in what manner and form they ought and should make theire Certificates according to the rates and Sums thereof abovesaid and of all manner of persons aswell Aliens and Strangers Denizens or not Denizens inhabiting within this Realme as of such Popish Recusants and other persons as be borne under the Kings obeysance chargeable to this Act and of the Possessions Goods and Chattels of Fraternities Guilds Corporations Brotherhoods Mysteries Comunalties and other as is abovesaid and of persons being in the parts beyond the Seas having goods and chattels Lands or Tenements within this Realme as is aforesaid and of all goods being in the custody of any person or persons to the use of any other as is abovesaid by the which information and shewing the said persons may have such plaine knowledge of the true intent of this present Act and of the manner of theire Certificate that the same persons shall have noe reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance And after such charge and the Statute of the said two Subsidies and the manner of the said Certificate to be made in writing conteyning the names & surnames of every person and whether he be borne without the Kings Dominions or within and the value of every person in every degree aswell of the yearely value of Lands and Tenements and of such like possessions and profits as of the value of Goods and Chattels Debts and every thing to theire Certificate requisite and necessary to them declared the said Commissioners there being shall by theire discretions limit and appoint unto the said persons another day and place to appeare before the said Commissioners and charging the said persons that they shall in the mean time make diligent enquiry by all wayes and meanes of the premisses and then and there every of them upon paine of forfeiture of fourty Shillings to the Rings Majestie to appeare att the [said1] next pfixed day and place there to certifie unto the said Commissioners in writing according to theire said Charge and according to the true intent of the said grant of Subsidies and as to them in manner aforesaid hath beene declared and shewed by the Commissioners At which day and place soe to them prefixed if any of the said persons make default or appeare and refuse to make the said Certificate then every of them soe offending to forfeite to the Kings Majestie fourty Shillings (except there be a reasonable excuse of his default by reason of his sicknesse or otherwise by the oathes of twoe credible persons there witnessed) and of such as appeare ready to make Certificate as is aforesaid the said Commissioners there being shall take and receive the same Certificate and every parte thereof and the names values and substance of every person soe certified And if the said Commissioners see cause reasonable they shall examine the said Presenters thereof and thereupon the said Commissioners at the said dayes and places by theire Agreement amongst themselves shall from time to time there openly f?fix a day att a certaine place or places within the limits of theire Comission by theire discretion for theire further proceeding to the said assessing of the same Subsidies. And thereupon att the said day of the said Certificate as is aforesaid taken the same Commissioners shall make theire precept or precepts to the Constables Subconstables Bailiffes or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other places aforesaid as the same Commissioners shall be of comprising and conteyning in the said Precepts the Names and Surnames of all persons presented before them in the said Certificate of whom if the said Commissioners or any of them as shall

1 unto 0. * interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

93

be thereunto appointed by the Kings Commission shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or Substance in Lands Goods Chattels or SOms of Money owing unto them or other Substance aforesaid then is upon such person or persons soe certified and specified as aforesaid the same Commissioners shall make theire precept or precepts directed to the Constables Bailiffes or other Officers commanding them to whom such Precepts shall be direQed to warn such persons whose names shall be comprised in the said Precepts at theire Mansions or to theire persons that the same persons named in such Precepts and every of them shall personally appeare before the said Commissioners att the said new Pfixed day and place there to be examined by all wayes and meanes (other then by Corporall Oath) by the said Commissioners of theire substance and value in manner as aforesaid and of all and every SOms of Money owing to them and other whatsoever matter concerning the premisses or any of them acording to this ASt att which day and place soe prefixed the said Commissioners then and there being or as many of them ns shall be thereunto appointed by the Kings Commission shall cause to be called the said persons whose names shall be comprised in the said Precept as is aforesaid for theire examination And if any of those persons which shall be warned as aforesaid to be examined which at any time after the warning and before the day pfixed shall be within such place as he may [havel] knowledge of his said appearance to be made shall make default and appeare not nsl^ a reasonable cause or excuse by the Oathes of twoe credible witnesses before the said Commissioners be truly alleadged for his discharge that then every of them soe making default to be taxed & charged with and att the double Sum of the rate that he should or ought to have beene sett att for and after the value aforesaid of his Lands or Substance upon him certified if he had appeared by the discretion of the Commissioners there being which Commissioners shall travell with every of the other persons soe then and there appearing whose names shall be expressed in the said Precept or Precepts and in whom any vehement suspition was or shall be had in forme aforesaid by all wayes & meanes they can (other then by corporall Oath) for theire better knowledge of theire value as aforesaid either in Hereditaments or Possessions or else in Goods or Debts and thereupon shall have power and authority by virtue of this Act according to theire discretions to inlarge and increase the taxation of such persons as they shall soe finde by due examination to be of greater value or substance in Lands or Goods then they were presented att And that every Spirituall person at every of the said taxations of the said Subsidies shall be rated and set according to the rate abovesaid of and for every pound that the same Spirituall person or any other to his use hath by descent bargain or purchase in Feesimple or Feetail terme of life terme of yeares by execution wardshipp or Copy of Court Roll in any Mannors Lands Tenements Rents Services Offices Fees Corrodies Annuities and Hereditaments after the true just and yearely value thereof and according as other the Kings Majesties Subjects borne within this Realme be charged in forme above remembred soe the same extend to the yearely value of twenty Shillings or above.

And it is further enacted that if the said Taxers or Assessors shall not duely behave themselves in the inquiry taxation assessement or Certificate but shall affectionately corruptly or partially demeasne themselves in that behalfe in such wise that the Commissioners shall by theire Considerations deeme them Offenders worthy of punishment for not doeing theire duties therein that then foure or more of the Commissioners in that County for the said two Subsidies shall have power and authority in theire discretions either to charge the said Assessors upon theire Corporall Oathes for the better Service aforesaid in that behalfe or else by theire discretion to tax and set upon the said Assessors for theire misdemeanors in that behalfe such a fine or pain as they shall thinke good soe that it exceed not the Sum of Ten Pounds and the same Fine or Pain at theire discretions to cerrifie to the Persons nominated as aforesaid every which fine soe taxed and set by foure of the said Commissioners or more and being certified with the Schedule and Booke8 of that limit shall be leavied and answeared in like manner and forme to all intents and purposes as any other Sums that shall be taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute and A & of Subsidie and not in any other wise or manner And if any person certified or rated by vertue of this Act whether hee bee a Commissioner or other to any manner of value doth find himselfe greived with the same presentment sessing or rating and thereupon complain to the Commissioners before whom he shall be called sessed or taxed or before twoe of them before the same taxation be certified into the Court of Exchequer that then the said Commissioners or twoe of them shall by all wayes and meanes examine particularly and distin&ly the person soe complaining upon his Oath and other his Neighbours by theire discretions of every his Lands and Tenements above specified and of every his Goods Chattels and Debts above mentioned and after due examination and perfect knowledge thereof had and perceived by the said Commissioners or twoe of them which shall have power by authority aforesaid the said Commissioners or any twoe of them to whom any such complaint shall be made by theire discretions upon the oath of the said person soe complaining may abate default increase or inlarge the said Assessments according as it shall appeare unto them just upon the same examination and the same Sum soe abated defaulted increased or inlarged shall be by them certified in forme m m hereafter specified and if it be proved by witnesses or by the parties owne confession or other lawfull wayes or meanes within a Yeare after any such Oath made that the same person soe rated and swome was of any better or greater value in Lands Goods or other things above specified att the time of his said Oath [then the same person so sworn did declare upon his said Oath1] that then every such person soe offending shall loose and forfeit to the Kings Majesde soe much lawfull money of England as he the same person soe swome was sett at or taxed to pay.

And alsoe it is enacted by the same authority that every person to be rated and taxed as is aforesaid shall be rated and set and the Sum on him set to be levied at such place where he and his family were resident for the most part of the Yeare next before the presentment and taxation made and noe where else and that noe Commissioner for his Subsidie shall be taxed or rated for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other place where he shall be f/wimissionpr and that if any person chargeable by this AS att the time of the said assessings happen to be out of this Realme and out of Wales or far from the place where he shall be knowne then he to be set where he was

1 interlined on the Roll.

Oath not allowed on Inquiry into the Substance of Persona charged.

Persons named in the said Precept called upon not appearing.

Penalty, Double Rate.

On Inauiry into the Substance of Persons charged Commissioners may increase Taxation.

Spiritual Persons how rated for Temporal Possessions.

VII.

Assessors

misbehaving,

Commissioners may set a Fine upon them.

Certified and levied as other Subsidies.

Remedy for Persons aggrieved by the Assessment.

Commissioners may abate or increase Assessment.

False Oath of Valueof Lands, &c.

Penalty.

VIII. Commissioners to be rated at such Place where they shall be Commissioners \ other Persons where they have resided for the most Put of the preceding Year.

Vox.. V.

Bb

16° Car. I. c. 4.

A.D. 1640.

Absentees assessed where last abiding. Rate to be according to the Substance of Persons liable. Remedy for Commissioners and Other Persons taxed in any Place other than where they are Commissioners or were resiant for most Part of the preceding Year.

Fee for Allowance. IX.

Double Charges not to be allowed.

Remedy in respect of Double Charges.

X.

Proviso for Persons haring two Mansions, or being Houshold Servants or Waiting Servants to the King or others. Persons unduly escaping Taxation,

on Proof thereof before Commissioners or Barons of the Exchequer,

taxed at Treble Value.

XI.

The Power of Commissioners to tax other Commissioners, and also Assessors.

Barons and Persons of higher Estate taxed by the Lord Privy Seal, the Earl Marshall, and others.

Rate estreated and certified.

last abiding in this Realme or in Wales and after the substance value and other profits of every person to be knowne by examination certificate or other manner of way as is aforesaid and that every person taxed in any County or Place other then where he or his family were resiant for the most parte of the Yeare then next before or in any County or Place other then where he is Commissioner for the Subsidies if he be a Commissioner upon Certificate made to the said Court of Exchequer under the hands & seales of twoe Commissioners for the same Subsidie in the same County or place where such person and his family were resiant for the most part of the Yeare then next before or where he is a Commissioner for the taxation & payment of the same Subsidy testifying his most resiance having a family or being a Commissioner shall be a sufficient discharge for the taxation of that person in any other places and of and for all other Sums of Money upon such persons soe set and taxed save only the taxations made in that County or place from which such Certificate shall be made as is aforesaid and for the Sums of Money upon such person there assessed or taxed and that such Certificate without any Plea or other Circumstance shall be a sufficient Warrant aswell to the Barons and Auditors of that said Court of Exchequer as to all and every other Officers to whom the Allowance thereof shall appertaine paying for such discharge and allowance onely six pence and noe more.

Provided alwaies that every such person that shall be rated or taxed according to the true meaning of this Act for paying of and to the said twoe Subsidies for and after the yearely value of his Lands Tenements or other reall possessions or profits at any of the said taxations shall not after be set and rated for his goods and chattels or other moveable substance at the same taxation and that he that shall be set charged or taxed for the same Subsidy for his Goods Chattels and other moveables at any of the said taxations according to the true meaneing of this Act shall not after be taxed charged or chargeable for his Lands or other reall possessions or proffits aforesaid nor that any persoQ by any taxation be doubly charged for the said (1) Subsidies nor set or rated at severall places by reason of this Act any thing contained in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it ordained and enacted by the authority of this present parliament that no person having twoe Mansions or two places to resort unto or calling himselfe household Servant or waiting Servant to the Kings Majestie or other Lord or Lady Master or Mistres be excused upon his saying from the taxes of the said two Subsidies in neither of the places where he may be set or taxed unlesse he bring a Cert:ficate in writing from the Commissioners where he is [to set or taxed indeed at one place and if any person that ought to be set and taxed to these two present Subsidies by reason of his removeing or resorting to two places or by reason of his saying that he was else where taxed or by reason of any priviledge of his dwelling or abiding in any place not being foreprised in this Act or otherwise by his covin or craft or by any words or 6ayings or otherwise or if any that is a Commissioner or Assessor of others happen to escape from the said taxations for the payment of the said twoe Subsidies or either of them and be not set and taxed according to the true intent of this Act and that proved by presentment examination information or otherwise before the said Commissioners or twoe of them or before the Barons of the Kings Majesties Exchequer or two Justices of Peace of that County where such person dwelleth then every such person that by such meanes or otherwayes willingly by covin or without just cause shall happen to escape from the said taxations or payments aforesaid or any of them and shall [notJ] be rated taxed and set shall be charged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof with and att the triple value of soe much as he should might or ought to have beene sett or taxed at by vertue of this Act and the same triple value to be leavyed gathered and paid of his Goods and Chattels Lands and Tenements towards the said Subsidies.

And be it further Enabled by the authority aforesaid that the said Commissioners in every Commission which shall be or inhabite in any County or Place within the limits of theire Commission or the more parte of them shall have full power and authority by this Act to set tax and [sesse4] every other Commissioner joyned with them in every such Commission and the said Commissioners within theire division shall alsoe assesse every Assessor within theire division for his or theire Goods Lands and other the premisses as aforesaid by which said Commission the Commissioners to whom it shall appertain shall indifferently set taxe and assesse themselves and the said Assessors and that aswell the Sums upon every of the said Commissioners and Assessors soe assessed rated and taxed as the Sums made and presented by the presentors as abovesaid shall be written certified set and estreated and the Estreats thereof to be made with other the inhabitants of that part and within the limits of the same Commission and division soe to be gathered and leavied in like manner as it ought and should have beene if the said Commissioners had not beene in the said Commission And that all persons of the Estate of a Baron or Baronesse and every Estate above shall be charged with theire freehold and value as is aforesaid by Henry Earle of Manchester Lord Privie Seale Thomas Earle of Arundell and Surrey Earle Marshall of England Philip Earle of Pembroke and Montgomery Lord Chamberlain of His Majesties Household Henry Earle of Bathe Thomas Earle of Southampton Robert Earle of Essex Edward Earle of Dorset William Earle of Salisbury Robert Earle of Warwick Oliver Earle of Bullingbrooke Thomas Earle of Berks Henry Earle of Dover Henry Earle of Stamford William Lord Viscount Say and Seale Mountague Lord Willoughby de Er Francis Lord Dacres Ferdinando Lord Hastings Philip Lord Wharton Edward Lord Mountague Charles Lord Howard de Char William Lord Grey de Warke John Lord Roberts John Lord Pawlet & George Lord Goring or any eleaven of them or more for the payment of the said two Subsidies after the forme of the said Grant according to the taxation aforesaid and the Sums of and upon them to be taxed and set with the names of the Collectors which Collectors shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellour or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale for the time being for gathering and paying of the same to be estreated delivered and certified at the dayes and places above specified by the said Henry Earle of Manchester Lord Privie Seale Thomas Earle of Arundell and Surrey Earle Marshall of England Philip Earle of Pembroke and Montgomery Lord Chamberlaine of His Majesties Household Henry Earle of Bathe Thomas Earle of Southampton Robert Earle of Essex Edward Earle of Dorset William Earle

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

95

anBBBBBBaaBHBBaBBaBBB

of Salisbury Robert Earle of Warwicke Oliver Earle of Bullingbrooke Thomas Earle of Berks Henry Earle of Dover Henry Earle of Stamford William Lord Viscount Say and Seale Mountague Lord Willoughby de Er Francis Lord Dacres Ferdinando Lord Hastings Philip Lord Wharton Ed. Lord Mountague Charles Lord Howard de Char William Lord Grey de Warke John Lord Roberts John Lord Faulet and George Lord Goring or any eleaven of them and more.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that after the taxes and assesses of the said Summes upon and by the said Assessing & Certificate as is aforesaid made the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed and have authority by the Kings Majesties Commission shall with all speed and without delay by theire writing estreat the said taxes thereof under the Seales and Signes Manuall of the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be appointed at the least and the same shall deliver into sufficient and substantiall Inhabitants Constables Subconstables Bayliffes and other Officers jointly of Hundreds Townes Parishes and other places aforesaid within theire Limits and to other sufficient persons inhabitants of the same onely by the discretion of the said Commissioners with the Assent of the High Collectors and as the place and parties shall require as well the particular names and simames as the remembrance of all Sums of Money taxed and set of and upon every person as well Man as Woman chargeable by this Act Householders and all other Inhabitants and dwellers within the said Parishes Townes and Places contributary to this Act of Subsidies by authority of which writing and Estreat soe delivered the aid Officers and other persons soe named and deputed severally shall have full power and authority by vertue of this Act immediately after the delivery of the said Writing of Estreat to demaund levie and gather of every person therein specified the Summe and Summes in the same Writing or Estreat comprised and for non payment thereof to distreine the same person or persons soe being behinde by theire Goods and Chattels and the distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of eight dayes at the Costs and Charges of the owner thereof and if the said Owner doe not pay such Sume of money as shall be taxed upon him or her by authority of this Act within the same eight dayes then the same distresse to be apprised by foure three or two of the Inhabitants where such distresse is taken and alsoe then to be sold by the Constable or other Collector for the payment of the said Money and the overplus coming by the sale (if any be) over and above the charge of keeping the said distresse to bee immediately restored to the Owner thereof which said Officers and other persons soe deputed to aske take gather and levie the said Sums shall answeare and be charged for the portion onely to them assigned & limited to be gathered levied and comprised in the said Writing or Estreat soe to them as aforesaid delivered to the persons and uses in this Act expressed and the said Summe in that writing or estreat to be comprised to pay unto the high Collector or Collectors of that place in manner and forme underwritten thereunto to be named and deputed.

And further be it enacted by the said authority that such of the said Commissioners or the more parte of them as shall take upon them the execution and busines of the said Commission shall for the payment of the said Subsidies name such sufficient and able persons which then shall have and possesse Lands or other Hereditaments in theire owne right of the cleare yearely value of fourty pounds or goods to the value of foure hundred pounds at the least as he shall be taxed in the Subsidie Booke (if any such be in the said limits) and for want such soe assessed then those to be appointed Collectors that then shall be sufficient and rated and taxed in the Subsidy bookes in Lands and Goods neerest to the Values aforesaid as by theire discretions shall be thought good in Shires Ridings Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places as well within places priviledged as without (not being foreprised in this Act) to be high Collectors and to have the Collection and receipt of the said Sums set and leviable within the Precincts Limits and Bounds where they shall be soe limited and appointed to be high Collectors and to every of the said Collectors soe severally named the said Commissioners or twoe of them att the least with all speed and without delay after the said twoe Subsidies be set by all the limits of the same theire Commission or in such limits as the high Collectors shall be soe severally assigned shall under theire Seales and Signes Manuall deliver one Estreat indented in parchment comprising in it the names of all such persons as were assigned to levy the said particular Sums of every Hundred and Wapentake Towne or other place aforesaid with the names and Simames of the persons soe chargeable according to the Estreat soe hereof first made and delivered as is aforesaid and the Collectors to be assigned shall be charged to answeare the whole Sum comprised in the said Estreat limited to his Collection as is aforesaid.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said Commissioners haveing authority by this Act to nominate the high Collectors of the said two Subsidies shall immediately upon that nomination and eieftion take by authority of this present Parliament sufficient Recognizances or Obligations without any Fee or Reward to be paid therefore of every person soe by them to be named to be high Collectors to be bound to the Kings Majestie in the double Sum of the Sum of his Collection and to be indorsed and made upon such condition that is to say for the due collections and payment of the said twoe Subsidies that if the said Collector his Heires or Executors doe truly content and pay to the persons aforesaid at the place aforesaid at or before the last day of February which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God 1641 soe much of the said Sume of money allotted and appointed to his Collection that he shall collect and gather and content and pay the residue of his Collection and charge within one Moneth next after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same residue that then the &me Recognizance or Obligation to be void Which said Recognizances or Obligations soe to be taken the said Commissioners shall severally certifie and deliver into His Majesties Court of Exchequer with the severall Certificates of the said taxations and rates of the payment of the said Subsidies at and by the time to them prescribed and appointed by this Act for the certificate of the said taxations of the said Subsidies upon paine of forfeiture of Tenn pounds to the Kings Majestie for every Recognizance or Obligation not soe certified And that every such Collector aoc. naniffd and chosen upon request to him made shall acknowledge and make the said Recognizance or Obligation

XII.

Rate* estreated under the Seal and Sign Manual of the Commissioners, and Eftreat delivered to sufficient Inhabitants, &c. of Hundreds, Arc.

By virtue of Estreat Officers, frc. to levy Rate.

Distress.

If Rate not paid in Eight Days, then Distress appraised and fold for. Payment of Rate, Overplus to the Owner.

Officers, he. to answer for the Portion limited to them, only.

xm.

Commissioners to appoint CoDetiora.

Qualification,

to be High Collectors.

Commissioners to deliver Estreats under their Seals and 8ign Manual to Collector*.

Collectors to answer the Sums comprised in Estreat.

XIV. Commissioners to take Recognizancos of High Collcdors, without Fee.

Condition of Recognizance.

Commissioners to certify

Recognizances, &c. into the Exchequer.

Penalty j£io. Collector not making Recognizance.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

A.D. 1640.

Penalty £xo.

Exchequer to cancel Recognizance* on Payment of Collection into Exchequer without Fee.

Collector may appoint Days and Placet for Payment of Collecton.

Assessors, &c. not paying Collection to High Collectors,

with Allowance of id. in the Pound of CoUe&ion. Distress.

Proceeding thereon.

XV. Person* living in Cities, kc. not to be appointed Collectort, 8cc. out of them.

upon paine of forfeiture of Twenty pounds to the Kings Majestic for the refusall thereof And that the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the time being upon payment of the said severall Collections of the said twoe Subsidies att the day and time herein limited for the payment hereof shall cancell and deliver the Recognizances or Obligations for the payment thereof to the Collector or Collectors without any other Warrant and without any Fee or Reward to bee paid for the same to any person and every Collector soe deputed having the said Estreat in parchment as is aforesaid shall have authority by this Act to appoint dayes and places within the circuit of his Collection for the payment of the said twoe Subsidies to him to be made and thereof to give warning by proclamation or otherwise to all the Constables or other persons or inhabitants having the charge of the particular Collection within the Hundreds Parishes Townes or other Places by him or them limited to make payment of the said particular Collection of every Sume as to them shall appertaine and if att the same day and place soe limited and prefixed by the said high Collector the said Constable Officers or other Persons or Inhabitants as is aforesaid for the said particular Collection assigned and appointed within such Hundred City Towne or other Place doe not pay unto the said high Collector the Sume within theire severall Hundreds Townes Parishes and other places due and comprised in the said Estreat thereof to them delivered by the said ComissioSs or some of them as is aforesaid or soe much thereof as they have by any meanes received (one penny for every pound for the said particular collection as is aforesaid alwaies thereof to be allowed excepted and abated) that then it shall be lawfiill for the said High Collectors and every of them & for theire Assignes to distrain every of the said Constables Officers and other Inhabitants for theire said severall and particular collection of the said Sums comprised in the said Estreat and writing thereof to them and every of them as is before expressed delivered or for soe much of the same Sume as shall then soe happen to be gathered and leavied and behinde and unpaid by the Goods and Chattels of every of them soe being behinde and the distresse soe taken to be kept and apprised and sold as is aforesaid and thereof to take and lea vie the Sums soe then being behinde & unpaid and the overplus comeing of the Sale of the said distresse (if any be) to be restored and delivered unto the Owner in form above remembred.

Provided alwaies that no person inhabiting in any City Borough or Towne Corporate shall be compelled to be any Assessor or Collector of or for any part of the said Subtidies in any place or places out of the said City Borough or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

XVI.

Assessors,

Attornits,

Factors, &c. after being charged with Receipt of Assessment dying or removing or concealing their Goods, or when Monies comprized in Estreat cannot be levied by Distress,

or where Distress cannot he sold,

Collector, &c. discharged, and Process out of the Exchequer, and the Commissioners may direct Precepts to Officer to levy such Money.

And it is alsoe by the said Authority enacted that if any Inhabitants or Officers or whatsoever other person or persons charged to and for the Collection and receipt of any part or portion of the said two Subsidies by any manner of meanes according to this Act or any person or persons for themselves or as Keeper Guardian Deputy Factor or Attumey of or for any other person or persons for any Goods or Chattels of the Owner thereof att the time of the said assessing to bee paid being out of this Realme or in any other parts not knowne or of or for the Goods and Chattels of any other person or persons of any Corporation Fraternity Mystery or other whatsoever Communalty being Corporate or not Corporate and all persons having in theire rule governance and custody any Goods or Chattels att the time of the said assessing to be made or which for any cause for or by collection or for himselfe or for any other or by reason hee hath any rule governance or custody of any Goods or Chattels of any other person or persons Corporation Communalty Fraternity Guild or Mystery or any such other like or as Factor Deputy or Attumey of or for any person shall be taxed valued rated and set to any Sume or Sumes by reason of this Act and if after the taxation and assessing upon any such person or persons as shall be charged with the receipt of the same happen to dye or depart from the place where he was soe taxed and sett or his Goods or Chattels to be soe eloyned or in such privy or covert manner kept as the same person or persons charged with the same by Estreats or other Writings from the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the said Commission as is aforesaid can ne may leavy the same Sum and Sums comprised within the same Estreate by distresse within the limits of theire Collection as is aforesaid or cannot sell such distresse or distresses as be taken for any of the said payments before the time limited to the high Collector for his payment to be made as [is *] aforesaid then upon relation thereof with due examination by the oath or examination of such person or persons as shall be charged with and for the receipt and collection of the same before the said Commissioners or as many of them as by the same Commission shall be thereunto appointed where such person or persons or other as is aforesaid theire Goods and Chattels were set and taxed and upon plaine Certificate thereof made by the same Commissioners as well of the dwelling place names and Sumes of the said persons of whom the said Sumes cannot be leavied and had as is aforesaid then as well the Constable and other Inhabitants appointed for the same particular collection against the high Collectour as the high Collector upon his account and oath in the said Exchequer to be discharged thereof and Processe to bee made in the Kings Majesties name out of the same Exchequer by the discretion of the Barons of the same Exchequer against such person his heires or executors soe being behinde with his payment And over that the same Commissioners to whom any such declaration of the premisses shall be made in form aforesaid from time to time shall have full power and authority to direct theire precept or precepts to the said person or persons charged with any Sum of for and upon any such person and persons or other as is aforesaid or to any Sheriffs Steward Bayliffe or other whatsoever Officer Minister Person or Persons of such Place or Places where any such person or persons soe owing any such Sum or Sums shall have Lands or Tenements and other Hereditaments or reall Possessions Goods and Chattels whereby any such person or persons soe indebted his heires executors or assignes or other having the Custody Governance or disposition of any goods or Chattells Lands Tenements or other Hereditaments which ought or may by this Act be lawfully distreined or taken for the same hath and shall have Goods Chattels Lands Tenements or other Possessions whereof such Sum and Sums which by any such person or persons may or ought to be leavied be it within the limits of such Commission where such person or persons was or

1 0. omits.

AJ).\640.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

97

were taxed or without in any place within this Realm of England Wales or other the Kings Majesties Dominions Marches or Territories by which Precept as well such person or persons shall be charged to leavy such Money as the Officer of the place or places where such [distresses'] may be taken shall have full power and authority to distrein every such person indebted charged or chargeable by this AS or his Executors or Administrators of his Goods and Chattels his Guardians Fafiors Deputies Lessees Farmours and Assignes and all other persons by whose hands or out of whose Lands any such person should have fee rent annuity or other profit or which att the time of the said assessing shall have Goods or chattels or any other thinge moveable of any such person or persons being indebted or owing such Sume and the distresses soe taken cause to be kept appraised and sold in like manner and forme as is aforesaid for the distresse to be taken upon such persons to be taxed to the said two Subsidies and being sufficient to distrein within the limits of the Collectors (*) Inhabitants or other Officers charged with or for the said Sumes soe upon them to be taxed And if any such distresse for non payment happen to be taken out of the limit of the said persons charged and assigned to leavy the said persons soe charged for the lea vying of any such Summes by distresse shall perceive and take of the same distresse for the labour of every person goeing for the execution thereof for every mile that every person soe laboureth for the same twoe pence And every farmour guardian tenant factor or other whatsoever person being distreined or other person charged for payment of any such Sum or Sums or any other Summe by reason of this Act shall be of such Sum or Sums of him or them soe levied and t*k*n discharged and acquitted at [this1] day of payment for the same or att the delivery of such Goods and Chattels as he that is soe distreined had in his Custody or governance against him or them that shall be soe taxed and set (any Grant or Writing Obligatory or other whatsoever matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstanding) and if any such person should be soe distreined have noe Lands or Tenements sufficient whereby he and his tenants and farmours may be distreined or have aliened eloyned or hath his goods and chattels whereby he should or might be distreined in such manner that such goods or chattels cannot be knowne or found soe that the sume of or by him to bee paid in the said forme shall not neither can be conveniently levied then upon relation thereof to the Commissioners or to as many of them as by the said Commission shall be thereunto appointed where such person or persons was taxed and set by the oathes of him or them that shall be charged with the leavying and payment of that Sume or Summes the same C5missioners shall make a precept in such manner as is aforesaid for to attach take and arrest the body of such person or persons that ought to pay the said Sumes And by this Act shall be charged with and for the said Sum and Sums and them soe taken safely to keepe in prison within the Shire or other place where any such person or persons shall be taken and attached there to remaine without baile or mainprise untill he have paid the said Sum or Sums that such person for himselfe or for any other by this Act shall bee chargeable or ought to be charged withall and alsoe for the fees of every such Arrest to him or them that shall execute such Precept twentie pence And that every Officer unto whom such precept shall be direSed doe his true diligence and execute the same upon every person soe being indebted upon pain to forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every default in that behalfe twende shillings And that no keeper of any Gaole from his Gaole suffer any person to goe at large by letting to baile or otherwise to depart out of his prison before he hath paid the said debt and the said twende pence for his arrest upon pain to forfeit to the Kings Majestie fourtie shillings And the said Gaoler to pay to the Kings Majestie the double value aswell of the rate which the said person soe imprisoned was taxed at as of the said twende pence for the fees And like Processe and remedy in like manner and forme shall be granted by the said Commissioners or as many of them as by the said Commission shall be thereunto appointed at like information of every person or persons being charged with any Sum of Money for any other person or persons by reason of the aid twoe Subsidies and not thereof paid but willfully withdrawne nor the same leviable within the limits where such persons were thereunto taxed And if the Sum or Sums being behind unpaid by any person or persons as is aforesaid be leavied and gathered by force of the said Processe to be made by the said Commissioners or if in default or for heke of payment thereof the person or persons soe owing the said Sum or Sums of Money by processe of the same Commissioners to be made as is aforesaid be committed to prison in form abovesaid that then the said Commissioner which shall award such Processe shall make such Certificate of that shall be done in the premisses after such Sum or Sums of money soe being behinde shall be leavyed and gathered of such person or persons for non payment of the same committed to prison And if it happen any of the said ColleSors [to4] be assigned or any Maiors Sheriffes Stewards Constables Headboroughs Bursholders Bailiffes or any other Officer or Minister or other whatsoever person or persons to disobey the said Commissioners or any of them in the reasonable request to them made by the said Commissioners for the execution of the said Commission or if any of the Officers or other Persons doe refuse that to them shall appertaine and belong to doe by reason of any Precept to him or them to be direSed or any reasonable commandment instance or request touching the (Pmisses or other default in any appearance or collection to make or if any person being suspeSed not to be indifferently taxed as is aforesaid doe refuse to be examined according to the tenour of this Act before the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto assigned as is aforesaid or will not appeare before the same Commissioners upon warning to him made or else make resistance or rescues upon any distresse upon him to be taken for any parcell of the said Subsidies or commit any misdemeanour in any manner or wise contrary to this Act or commit any wilfoU omission or other whatsoever wilfoll doeing or misdoeing contrary to the tenour of this Act or Grant the same Commissioners and every number of them above remembred or twoe of them at the least upon certaine knowledge of any such misdemeanour had by information or examination shall and may set upon every such offendor for every such offence in the name of a Fine by the same offendour to be forfeited fourty shillings or under by discretion of the same Comistiofis and further the said Commissioners and every number of them or two of them at the least shall have authority by this present Act to punish every such offendor by imprisonment there to remaine and to be delivered by theire

Who may dufrtia.

Distrem kept, or appraised and told.

If Distress takes ont of Limits assigned. Allowance.

Persons charged discharged by Distress.

Persons distrained haring no Lands,

&c.

Proceedings.

Imprisonment until Sums due, and also Fee for Arrest, paid.

Officer not executing Process.

Penalty aos.

Gaoler suffering Escape.

Penalty 40s. and double Value of Rate and Feet. Like Process for Subsidies due by any Personschaiged for another unpaid.

In Default of Payment,

Imprisonment.

Certificate by CnmmisrimwTT.

Collectors, See.

disobeying

Commtssiooert,

or Persons •uspe&ed to be not indifferently taxed, refuting to appear or he examined, or resisting. Ire.

Penalty 40s. or under, at Discretion of Commissioners. Commissioners may pnoish by Imprisonment.

• ditaeme O.

* and 0.

» his 0. 4 interlined on the Roll.

Cc

98

16° Car. I. c. 4.

A.D. 1640.

XVIII. Allowance to High Collectors and their Accountants.

Allowance to be paid by Collectora to Commissioners for Expences* and Labour of their Clerks.

Remedy for the same for Commissioners against Collectors.

Commissioners, See. not compellable to make Presentments other than to Exchequer.

Persons assigned to be Commissioners not to be named Head Collectors.

Head Collectors acquitted of Fees.

Taking Fees of Accountants.

Penalty.

Imprisonment.

Commissioners at Meetings to shew Certificates and Presentments to the other Commissioner*.

Indenture of Collectors’ Names, and of Sums written to Collectors,

Fines, &c. to be certified by Commissioners into the Exchequer.

Collectors answerable for their own Collect ion only.

Commissioners, if they cannot agree, &c. may make several Indentures.

Collectors answerable for their own Collection only

discretions as shall seeme to them convenient the said fines [if1] any such be to be certified by the said Commissioners that soe assessed the same into the Kings Majesties Exchequer to be levied and payed by the Collectors of that part for the said twoe Subsidies returned into the said Exchequer to be therewith charged with the payment of the same Subsidies in such manner as if the said Fines had beene set and taxed upon the said Offendors for the said two Subsidies.

And be it alsoe enacted by the said authority of this present Parliament that every of the said high Collectors which shall accompt for any part of the said two Subsidies upon theire severall Accompts to bee yeelded shall be allowed upon payment of the money chargeable upon his Collection for every pound limitted to his Collection whereof any such Collector shall be charged and yeeld Accompt three pence as parcell of theire Charge (that is to say) of every pound thereof for such persons as then have had the particular collection of the Townes and other places (as is aforesaid) specified in his Collection one penny and one other penny of every pound thereof (every of the said cheife Collectors or theire Accomptants to retaine to theire owne use for theire labour and charge in and about the premisses and one penny of every pound residue to be delivered allowed and paid by the said Collector soe being thereof allowed to such of the Commissioners as shall take upon them the busines and labour for and about the premisses) that is to say every Collector to pay that Commissioner or Commissioners which had the ordering of the writing of and for the said twoe Subsidies where the said Collector or Collectors had theire collection for the expences for the said Commissioners soe taking upon them the said busines and labour of theire Clerks writing the said Precepts and Extracts of the said Collections the said last penny of every pound to be divided amongst the said Commissioners having regard to theire labour & busines taken by them and theire said Clerks in and about the premisses for which part soe to the said Commissioners appertaining the said Commissioners six five foure three or two or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Kings Majesties Commission and every of them joyntly and severally for his and theire said part may have his remedy against the Collector or Collectors which thereof be or might have beene allowed by Action of Debt in which the defendant shall not wage his Law neither protection neither injunction or essoine shall be allowed And that noe person now being a member of this present Parliament nor any Commissioner shall be named or assigned to bee any Collector or Subcollector or Presentor of the said Subsidies or any part thereof nor any Commissioner shall be compelled to make any presentment or certificate other then into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer of for or concerning the said two Subsidies or any part or parcell thereof And likewise that noe other person that shall be named and assigned to be Commissioners in any place to and for the execution of this Act of Subsidies be or shall be assigned or named head Collector of the said Subsidies neither of any part thereof And that every such person and person which shall be nominated and appointed as is aforesaid to be head Collectors of and for the payment of the said Subsidies or of any part thereof be and shall be acquitted and discharged of all manner of Fees and Rewards and of every other charge in the: Kings Majesties Exchequer or elsewhere of them or any of them by reason of that Collection Payment or Accompt or any thing concerning the same to be asked and that if any person receive or take any Fees Rewards or Pleasures of any such Accomptants or use any unnecessary delay in theire Account that then he shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every peny or value of every penny soe taken five shillings and five pounds to the party greived for every such delay and suffer imprisonment at the Kings Majesties pleasure and after every taxing and assessing of the said Subsidies (as is aforesaid) had or made and the said Extracts thereof in parchment unto the Collector in manner and forme before rehearsed delivered the said Commissioners which shall take upon them the execution of this Act within the limits of theire said Commission by theire Agreements shall have meetings togeather at which meeting every of the said Commissioners which then shall have taken upon them the execution of any part of the said Commission shall by himselfe or his sufficient deputy truly certifie and bring forth unto the said Commissioners named in the said Commission the Certificate and Presentment made before him and such other Commissioners as were limited with him in one limit (so as the same Certificate may be accompted and cast with the other Certificates of the other limits within the same Commission) and then the said Commissioners and every number of them unto two att the least as is aforesaid if any be in life or the Executors or Administrators of theire goods if they then be dead shall joyntly and severally as they were divided in theire limits under theire Seales by theire discretions make one or severall writings indented containing in it aswell the names of the said Collectors by the Commissioners for such Collections and Accompts in the Exchequer and payments assigned as the grosse and severall Sums written unto every such Collectors to receive the said Subsidies and alsoe all Fines Amerciaments and other forfeitures (if any such be) by reason of this Act as shall happen to be within the limit and precinCt of theire Commission to be certified into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer by the said Commissioners in which Writing or Writings indented soe to be certified shall be plainly declared and expressed the whole and entire Sume and Sums of the said Subsidies severally limited to the Collection of the said Collectors severally deputed and assigned to the said Sums soe as none of the said Collectors soe certified in the said Exchequer shall be compelled there to accompt or be charged but onely to and for the Sums limited to his Collection and not to or for any Sum limited to the collection of his fellowes but every of them shall be severally charged for theire part limited to theire Collection And if the said Commissioners joyned in one Commission amongst themselves in that matter cannot agree or if any of them be not ready or refuse to make certificate with the other of the same Commissioners that then the said Commissioners may make severall Indentures in forme aforesaid of theire severall limits or separations of Collectors within the limits of theire Commission upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like divisions within the said severall limits of theire Commission as the places there shall require to be severed and divided and as to the same Commissioners shall seeme meet to make divisions or other limits or collection^ for the severall Charges of the same Collectors soe that alway one Collector shall be charged and accompt for his part to be limited onely by himselfe and not for any Sum limited to the part of any of his fellowes And the

1 of 0.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 4.

99

charges of every of the Collectors to be set and certified severally upon them and every such Collector upon his Accompt and payment of the Sum of Money limited within his collection to be severally by himselfe acquitted and discharged in the said Exchequer without paying any manner of fees or rewards to any person or persons for the am# upon paine and penalty last above said and not to be charged for any portion of any other collectors and if any Commissioner after he hath taken certificate of them that as is aforesaid shall be before any Commissioners examined and the Sums rated and set and the books and writings thereof being in his hands or if any Collector or other person charged with any receipt of any part of the said Subsidies or any other person taxed or otherwise by this Act charged with or for any parcell of the said Subsidies or with any other Sum Fine Amerciament Penalty or other forfeiture happen to die before the Commissiouc/s Collectors or other whatsoever person or persons have

executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that which to every such person shall appertain or belong

to do according to this Act then the Executors and Heires of [every'] such person and all other seised of any Lands and Tenements that any such person being charged by this Act and deceasing before he bee discharged thereof or any other to his use onely had of an estate of inheritance at the time that any such person was named Commissioner Coiledtor or otherwise charged with or for any manner of thing to be done satisfied or paid by reason of this Act and all those that have in theire possession or hands any Goods Chattels Leases or other things that were to any such person or persons at the time of his death or any Lands or Tenements that were the same persons att the time that hee was as is aforesaid charged by this Act shall be by the same compelled and charged to doe and accomplish in every case as the same person soe being charged should have done or might have beene compelled to doe if he

had beene in plene life after such rate of the Lands and Goods of the said Commissioner and Collector as the party

shall have in his hands And if the said Commissioners for causes reasonable them moving shall thinke it not fit to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaid then the said person or persons that shall first joyne togeather or he that shall first certifie the said Writing indented as is aforesaid shall certifie all the names of the Commissioners of that Commission whereupon such writing shall be there then to be certified with the division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tithings and other places to and among other such Commissioners of the same Commission with the names of the said Commissioners where such [separaracons2] and divisions shall be with the grosse Sums of Money as well of and for the said Subsidies taxed or set of or within the said Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other places to him or them divided or assigned that shall soe certifie the said first writing as of the Fines Amerciaments Penalties and other forfeitures if any happen to be within the same limits whereof the same writing shall be certified And after such [Writing3] indented which as is aforesaid shall be certified and not containe in it the whole and full Sums set and taxed within the limits of the same Commission the other Commissioners of the same before the day of payment of the said Subsidies shall certifie into the said Exchequer by theire Writing or Writings indented to be made as is aforesaid the grosse and several I Sums set and taxed within the places to them limited for the said Subsidies and other Fines Amerciaments Penalties and Forfeitures with the names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other places to them assigned or else by theire said Writings indented certifie att the same place before the same day of payment such reasonable causes for theire excuses why they may not make such Certificate of and for the said Subsidies Fines Amerciaments and other forfeitures growing or set by reason of the causes of theire letts or of theire not certifying as is aforesaid or else in default thereof Processe to be made out of the Kings Majesties said Exchequer against the said Commissioners and every of them not makeing Certificate as is aforesaid by the discretion of the Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequer.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Martin called Stamford Baron in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stamford in the South part of the Waters there called Wellands which hereafter shall be contributary to the payment of the said Subsidies shall be assessed rated and taxed for the same by such Commissioners as shall be appointed as aforesaid for the taxihg rating and assessing of the same Subsidies within the County of Lincolne and shall be for the same contributary and pay to the Collector or Collectors which shall be assigned and appointed for the levying and gathering of the same as aforesaid.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the [the4] authority aforesaid that all and every person and persons having Mannors Lands Tenements and other Hereditaments chargeable to the payment of the said two Subsidies granted by this Act and alsoe having Spirituall Possessions chargeable to His Majestie by any Grant made or to be made by the Clergie of this Realme in theire Convocation and over this having Substance in Goods and Chattels chargeable by the said Act that then if any of the said person or persons bee hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mannors Lands and Tenements and Spirituall Possessions and alsoe charged assessed and taxed for his and theire Goods and Chattels that then he or they shall be onely charged by vertue of this Act for his and theire said Mannors Lands Tenements and Hereditaments and Spirituall Possessions or onely for his said Goods and Chattels the best thereof to bee taken and not to be charged for both or doubly charged for any of them Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies that this Grant of Subsidies or any thing therein contained in any wise extend not to charge the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnsey or any of them of for or concerning any Mannors Lands Tenements or other Possessions Goods Chattels or other moveable substance which the said Inhabitants or Dwellers or any others to theire use have within Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnsey or in any of them or of for or concerning any Fees or Wages which any of the said Inhabitants or Dwellers have of the Kings Majestie for theire attendance and doing Service to our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie in Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnsey or any of them any thing in this present Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

and upon Payment to be discharged in the Exchequer without Fee. Penalty.

Commissioners or Collectors or Persons taxed dying before discharged. Heirs and Executors chargeable as such Persons would hare been if alive.

Commissioners not thinking fit to join in one Certificate, Proceedings.

Commissioners making Default of Certificate, Process out of Exchequer against them.

XIX.

Proviso for Stamford Baron.

XX.

Persons havipg Spiritual and Temporal Possessions, and also Personal Property, not to be doubly charged.

XXL

Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

100

16° Car. I. c. 4.

A.D. 1640.

XXli. PiroTMo for Patents of Liberties, Sic. to Cities, Arc.

XXIII. Proviso for Orphans and Infants.

XXIV. Proviso for Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, WinchesterCoUege, Eton College, and the Poor Knights of Windsor, and for Free Schools, and Readers, Arc. in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and for Hospitals, See.

XXV. Inhabitants of Cinque Ports, for the most Part of the Year before the Grant, acquitted during Resiance only.

XXVL Like Proviso for English Inhabitants of Rumney Marsh.

XXVII.

Alien or Denizen assigning his Lands, Sic. to his Child, with Intent to defraud the Subsidy, such Child chargeable as an Alien.

XXVIII. Proviso for County of Northumberland, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Berwick-upon-Tweed, Bishoprick, and County Palatine of Durham.

XXIX. Recital that certain Citizens of London had advanced the Sum of £120,000 for the present 8upply.

Provided alsoe that all Letters Patents granted by the Kings Majestie or any of his noble Progenitors to any Cities Boroughs or Townes within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Exemptions from the burthen and charge of any such Grants of Subsidies which be att this present time of force and availeable shall remaine good and effectuali to the said Cides Boroughs and Townes hereafter according to the purports thereof although the Inhabitants of the same and alsoe the said Corporations shall upon the great and weighty considerations of the Grant aforesaid be for this Grant charged and contributary in like manner forme and sort as other Cities Boroughs and Townes which bee not in any wise priviledged but by this Act charged.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that no Orphane r r Infant within the age of one and twenty yeares borne within any of the Kings Majesties Dominions shall be charged with the payment of the said two Subsidies for his or theire Goods or Chattels to him or her left or bequeathed Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe that this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to the Lands or Goods of any Colledge Hall or Hostell within the Universities of Oxon and Cambridge or any of them or to the Goods and Lands of the Colledge of Winton founded by Bishop Wickham or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Eaton next Windsor or to the Lands Tenements or Revenues onely assigned and appointed for the sustentation and living of the Poore Knights founded in the Castle or Colledge of Windsor by our late Soveraigne Lord King Henry the Eight or to any the Goods or Chattels of the same Knights or any of them or to the Goods or Lands of any Common Free Grammar Schoole within the Realme of England or Wales or the Goods of any Reader Schoolmaster or Scholer or any Graduate resiant or remaining for Study without fraud or covin within any the said Universities and Colledges or Townes of Oxford and Cambridge or Suburbs of the same or to any of them or to any of theire Servants attending dayly upon any of them nor to the Goods of any Officer Minister Almesmen or Servants belonging to any of the said Universities Colledges Halls or Hostels and dwelling and resiant within the said Universities or either of them or within either [of1] the said Townes of Oxford and Cambridge and the Suburbs of the same without fraud or covin or to the goods and Lands of any Hospitall Measondieu or Spittlehouse prepared and used for the sustentation and relief of poore people Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted that the said Grant of the said twoe Subsidies or any thing therein contained do not in any wise extend [to*] be prejudidall or hurtfull to any the inhabitants or resiants haveing dwelt for the most part of the yeare next before the taxing and assessing of the Subsidies aforesaid within the Five Ports Corporate or to any theire members incorporated or united to the said Five Ports or to any of them but such the Inhabitants or resiants as aforesaid in the said Five Ports Corporate and theire members be and shall be of and from the same Grant and Payment of the said two Subsidies and every part thereof and onely during theire resiance as aforesaid and no longer clearely acquitted and discharged any matter or whatsoever thing in this present Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe that the said Grant of the said two Subsidies doe not in any wise extend to be prejudidall or hurtfull to the English Inhabitants or resiants at this present time within the Liberties of Rumney Marsh of or for any part of the said Sums granted in this present Parliament of the said English Inhabitants now there resiants or any of them to be taxed set asked levied or paid but that the English Inhabitants and now resiants of Rumney Marsh aforesaid and every of them be and shall be of and from the Grant and payment of the said two Subsidies during theire resiance there and no longer acquitted and discharged Any matter and whatsoever thinge in this present Act made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that if any Alien or Stranger born denizen or not denizen and dwelling and inhabiting within this Realme of England shall assigne and convey over unto any his or theire [child or children borne within the said Realme of England his or theire'] Lands or Tenements Goods or Chattels to the intent thereby to defraud or safeguard themselves of and from the payment of the Subsidies aforesaid or any part thereof that then all and every such child and children soe being seized of any such Lands and Tenements or possessed of (3) such goods or chattels shall be charged and chargeable to and with the payment of double the said Subsidies for the Lands Tenements Goods and Chattels at the said rates and values as Aliens & Strangers denizens or not denizens are before limited & appointed to pay.

Provided alwaies that the said Grant of and for the two Subsidies aforesaid or any clause matter or thinge whatsoever therein contained shall not in any wise extend or be construed to extend to charge the Shire or County of Northumberland the Towne Borough or County of Newcastle upon Tyne the Towne or Borough of Barwick upon Tweed or unto the Bishoprick of Duresme or County Palatine of Duresme or any parts or places within them or any of them or any the resiants or inhabitants thereof but that the said Shire and County of Northumberland the Towne Borough and County of Newcastle upon Tyne the said Towne or Borough of Barwick and the Bishoprick and County Palatine of Duresme and alsoe all and every the resiants and inhabitants of and within them and every of them respectively be and shall be of and from the said Grant and Payment of the said two Subsidies and every part thereof freely acquitted and discharged Any matter or whatsoever thing in this present Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas the Sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds hath beene laid out and advanced or is agreed to be laid out and advanced before hand by certain particular Citizens of the City of London for the present Supply of your Majesties Army and the releife of the Northeme Parts of this your Majesties Kingdome of England Be it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament That the said Thomas Soame Isaac Penington and the Chamberlaine for

1 interlined on the Roll.

• or 0.

• any O,

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 4,5.

101

the time being by this present Act of Parliament constituted and ordained Receivers of the said two Subsidies shall and may sariafie pay and deliver unto the said Citizens that have or shall advance any Moneyes as aforesaid out of the said Subsidies and Moneys by this Act appointed to bee received the said Sums of Money so by them laid out and advanced together with such other and further Sum and Sums of Money as the damages of and for the said Sums shall amount unto after the rate of eight pounds per centum for a yeere from the day and time that the same was laid out and advanced as aforesaid untill they shall respectively have received the said Sums so disbursed and the surplusage of the said Sums soe to be received shall pay imploy and disburse for the releife of the Kings Army and of the Northeme Counties and for the payment of such person or persons as shall lend or advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the use and purposes last before mencbned with theire damages in such manner and forme as Francis Earle of Bedford William Earle of Hertford Robert Earle of Essex William Earle of Salisbury Robert Earle of Warwick Henry Earle of Holland Thomas Earle of Berkshire Henry Earle of Stamford Francis Lord Dacres Philip Lord Wharton William Lord Paget Robert Lord Brooke Edward Mountague Lord [of1] Kimbolton John Lord Paulet Edward Howard Lord Howard of Esterick Francis Leigh Lord Dunsmore or any foure or more of them Denzill Hollis Esquire John Pymm Esquire Sir Christopher Wray Knight Sir John Hotham Baronet Thomas Lord Wenman Sir Christopher Yelverton Knight William Cage Esquire Henry Martin Esquire Sir Dudley North Knight Sir Thomas Bowyer Baronet Sir Edward Aiscough Knight Sir John Culpeper Knight Sir Robert Crane Knight and Baronet John Hampden Esquire Sir Edmund Mountford Sir Walter Earle Sir Arthur Ingram Knights Sir Gilbert Gerard Baronet Sir Guy Palmes Knight Samuel Owfeild Esquire Sir Henry Vane junior Knight Sir Hugh Cholmeley Knight Haibottell Grimston Esquire Sir Philip Stapleton Knight Sir Edward Hales Knight Sir Thomas Widdrmgton Kn* Thomas Lord Gray Norton Knatchbull Esquire Edmund Waller Esquire Henry Lord Gray of Ruthyn or any eight or more of them and soe proportionably in such manner and quality by any one or more Writing or Writings under theire hands during this fitting of Parliament shall limit appoint and declare And that the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners before named or of such number of them as before is expressed proportionably togeather with the Acquittance and Acquittances from the person or persons which shall be appointed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners or of such number of them [proportionably as before is expressed for receipt of the said Sum or Sums of Money to the uses and purposes in this present Act expressed shall be a sufficient discharge to the Treasurers in this Act named for so much money as shall be comprehended in such Acquittance or Acquittances for the issuing out and payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money respectively.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said treasurers shall not att all pay any Sum or Sums of Money to be by them received upon any other direction Warrant or Command whatsoever.

Lastly provided and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the passing of this present Act or (‘) any other Act or Acts or His Majesties Royall Assent to them or any of them in this present Session of Parliament shall not be any determination of the said Session And that all Statutes and Acts of Parliament which have theire continuance or were by an Act of Parliament made in the third yeere of the Reigne of His Majestie that now is intituled An Act for the continuance and repeal of diverse Statutes continued until the end of the first Session of the then next Parliament shall by vertue of this Act be adjudged ever since the Session of Parliament in the said third' yeare to have beene of such force and effect as the same were the last day of that Session and from thenceforth untill some other Act of Parliament be made touching the continuance or discontinuance of the said Statutes and Acts in the said Act of third (J) yeare of His Majesties Reigne continued as aforesaid.

9

CHAPTER V.

An Act for the better railing and leavying of Mariners Sailers and others for the present guarding of the Seas

and necessary defence of the Realme.

"VTT WHEREAS a Fleet is now in preparing to be set forth with all expedition for the guarding of the Seas and v V necessary defence of the Realme in this time of imminent danger which cannot accordingly be performed unlesse the same be furnished with fit and sufficient men for that service. Bee it therefore enacted by the authority of this present Parliament that the Lord Admirall for the time being shall and may at any time or times betweene this and the first of November next comeing by himselfe his Vice Admirall Commissioner or Commissioners or other Officer or Officers or any of them raise leavie and impresse such and soe many Mariners Sailers Watermen [Chirurgions4] Gunners and Ship Carpenters as shall be requisite and necessary for this present expedition or for any such further defence of the Realme which said Mariners Sailers and other such persons soe to be leavied or impressed as aforesaid and every of them shall have paid and delivered unto him upon such his impressing by the person that shall soe impresse him for conduct money for every mile from the place where he shall be soe impressed to the Shipp or place to which he shall be appointed to make his repaire the sum of one penny and the like sum of one penny for every mile firom the place of his discharge unto the place of his abode and shall be allowed for his service the best wages and entertainment which have or hath beene allowed by his Majestie to any such person or persons respectively at any time within three yeares last past And if any Mariner Sailer Waterman Chirurgion Gunner or Ship Carpenter shall wilfully refuse to be impressed in or for the said Service or shall voluntarily hide or absent himselfe at the time of such Presse that then every such person soe offending shall suffer imprisonment by the space of three monthes without bail or mainprise.

Provided alwaies that this Act shall not extend to the pressing of any Master or Masters Mate of any Shipp or Vessel! that is or shall be in imployment nor to any person that shall be above the age of fifty.

» interlined on the Roll.

• of O,

9 the 0.

♦ Surgions.

Thom— Soame, Isaac Pemogtoa, and the Chamberlain of London for the Time being, the Receivers of the Two Subsidies, may repay such Monies out of the Subsidies, with Interest at j£8. per Centum per Annum ; and employ the Surplus for the Purposes of the Act — herein mentioned.

The Warrant of the Commissioners a Discharge to the Treasurers herein named.

XXX.

Treasurer not to pay any Money upon any other Warrant.

XXXI.

The passing of this A A, or the Royal Assent thereto, not to determine the Session.

All Acts continued by t Car. I. c. 4. of Force until some other Act

be made touching the Statutes so cootinued.

Rot. Pari, 16 Car, p. a. am, 1.

Reciting that a Fleet is preparing for the Defence of the Realm.

Lord Admiral empowered to impress Seamen.

Such impressed Men to have Conduct Money at the Rate of id. per Mile;

and to have Wages and Entertainment at the like Rate as for the Three Years last past.

Seamen, &c. refusing to be impressed^- hiding, Sc. c. themselves. Imprisonment.

II.

Proviso for Masters and Masters Mates of Ships employed, and Persons above

5°*

16° Car. I. c.6.

A.D. 16U).

R§t, Rofim 16 Cffi p. a. mu, a.

Inconvenience of Michaelmu Term being ao soon after the Feast of St. Michael.

In Michaelmas Terms shall be Six common Days of Return only.

The Days of Return specified.

The Return Days to be observed.

Certain Days of Return not to be called.

When Michaelmas Term to begin.

Full Term of St. Michael when to commence.

II.

How Days shall be given in Writs in real Actions, other than Writsof Entry, of Right of Advowson, or of Dower.

III.

How Days shall be given in Writs of Entry, of Right of Advowson, and of Dower.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act concerning the Limitation and Abbreviation of Michaelmas Terme.

WHEREAS the Terme of Saint Michael comonly called Michaelmas Terme doth begin soe soone after the Feast of Saint Michael that it is generally found to be very inconvenient to his Majesties Subjects both Nobles and others as well for the keeping of the Quarter Sessions next after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangell and the keeping of theire Leets Law dayes and Court Barons which they can by no meanes attend in regard of the necessity of theire coming to the said Terme soe speedily after the feast of Saint Michael the Archangell to appeare upon Juries and to follow theire Causes and Suites in the Law the same time being the cheife time of all the yeare for the sowing of Land with Winter Come and for the disposing and setting in order [of *] all theire Winter Husbandry and busines and for the receiving and paying of Rents and in many parts of this Kingdome Harvest is seldome or never inned till three weekes after the said Feast Therefore the Kings most excellent Majestie out of the Princely care that he hath of all his loving Subjects having a spedall care to the increase and continuance of theire wealth and good estates by the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same Ordaineth Ena&eth and Establisheth That in the said Michaelmas Terme there shall be six common dayes of Returne only and not above that is to say The first day of Return thereof shall be and be called A die San&i Michaelis in tres Septimanas The second day of Return of the same Terme shall be and be called A die San&i Michaelis in unu Mensem The third day of Return of the same Terme shall be and be called In crasdno animarum The fourth day of Return of the same Terme shall be and be called In crastino San&i Martini The fifth day of Return of the same Terme shall be and be called In O&abis San&i Martini And the sixth day of Return of the said Terme shall be and be called A Die San&i Martini in quindecim dies And that the same dayes of Return shall be observed in all the high Courts of Record of our Soveraigne Lord the King his Heires and Successors hereafter to be holden at Westminster or other place or places at the assignement or appointment of our Soveraign Lord the King his Heires and Successors And that from and after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangell next coming there shall not be nor be called any dayes of Return in O&abis san&i Michaelis nor A die san&i Michaelis in quindecim dies nor either of them And that the said Terme of Saint Michael yearely for ever from and after the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangell next coming begin in and upon the said Tres septimanas san&i Michaelis whensoever it [shall*] happen to fall (except it be on the Lords day commonly called Sonday and then on the morrow next after) for the keeping of the Essoignes Proffers Returns and other Ceremonies heretofore used and kept in like manner and forme as hath beene used to be done in the day of the Return commonly called O&abis [Sain&i3] Michaelis and that the full terme of Saint Michael shall yearely for ever from and after the [said1] Feast of Saint Michael next coming in all the aforesaid Courts of Record begin and take his commencement upon the quarto die of the said tres septimanas S£ti Michaelis and not before as formerly it hath been used upon the quarto die of O&abis San&i Michaelis (except it be on the Lords day commonly called Sunday and then on the morrow next after.)

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that if after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next coming any Writ in any reall Action other then Writs of Entry for common Recoveries and Writs of right of Advouson and Writs of Dower Unde nihil habet hereafter mentioned come in and be returnable in his Majesties Court of Common Pleas in the day of Return of Tres septimanas San&i Michaelis then day shall be given In Crastino purificacbnis beate Marie and if A die San&i Michaelis in unum Mensem then In O&abis purificacbnis beate Marie if In Crastino animarum then In quindena pasche if In Crastino San&i Martini then A die pasche in [tres septimanas if In O&abis S& Martini then A die pasche1] (4) unum mensem if In quindena San&i Martini then In quing^ septimanas pasche if In O&abis San&i Hilarii then In Crastino Ascenconis Domini if In quindena San&i Hilarii then in Crastino San&e Trinitatis if In Crastino purificacbnis beate Marie then [In O&abis See Trinitatis if In O&abis purificacbnis bte Marie then *] In quindena san&e Trinitatis if In quindena pasche then A die San&e Trinitatis in tres septimanas if A die pasche in tres septimanas then A die San&i Michaelis in tres septimanas if A die pasche in unum mensem then A die Sdti Michaelis in unum mensem if A die pasche in quinque septimanas then In Crastino animarum if In Crastino ascencbnis Domini then In Crastino San&i Martini if In Crastino san&e Trinitatis then In O&abis san&i Martini if In O&abis san&e Trinitatis then In quindena san&i Martini if In quindena san&e Trinitatis then In O&abis san&i Hilarii if A die san&e Trinitatis in tres septimanas then In quindena San&i Hillarii.

And for the more speedie proceeding in Writs of Dower and Writs of Entry for common Recoveries to be sued and prosecuted by Writs of Entry or Writs of Right of Advouson Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if after the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangell next coming any Writ of Dower Unde nihil habet or any Writ of Entry whereupon a common Recovery is to be sued or Writs of Right of Advouson be returnable A die San&i Michaelis in tres septimanas then a day shall be given In O&abis San&i Martini if A die San&i Michaelis in unu mensem then In quindena San&i Martini if In Crastino animarum then In O&abis San&i Hillarii if In Crastino San&i Martini then In quindena San&i Hillarii if In O&abis San&I Martini then In Crastino purificacbnis beate Marie [if In quindena SSti Martini then In Odabis purificacbnis bte Marie *] if In O&abis San&i Hillarii then In quindena pasche if In quindena San&i Hillarii then A die pasche in tres septimanas if In Crastino purificacbnis beate Marie then A die pasche in unu mensem if In O&abis purificacbnis beate Marie then A die pasche in quinque septimanis if In quindena pasche then In Crastino ascenCbnis Domini if A die pasche in tres septimanas then In Crastino San&e Trinitatis if In Mense pasche then In O&abis San&e Trinitatis if In quinque septimanas pasche then In quindena San&e Trinitatis if In Crastino ascenCbnis Domini then A die San&e Trinitatis in tres septimanas if In Crastino San&e Trinitatis

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 6,7.

103

then A die Sandi Michaelis in tres sepdmanas if In O&abis Sande Trinitads then A die Sdti Michaelis in unqjn mensem if In quindena Sande Trinitads then In Crastino Animarum if A die sande Trinitads in ores sepdmanas then In Crasdno sandi Martini.

Provided nevertheless* and be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid that in all Writts of Dower Unde nihil habet after issue joyned it shall not be needful! or requisite to have above fifteene dayes betwixt the Teste and Return of the Venire Facias [or*] any other processe to be [sued out for the triall of the said1] Issue [but that the Writ of Venire Facias & other pcesse after Issue1] joyned untill Judgement be given having only fifteene dayes betweene die Teste and Return thereof shall be good and effectuall in Law as is used in personall Actions Any Law Statute or usage to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that from and after the feast of Saint Michael the Archangel now next coming the said day of Return called Crasdno Ascen£6nis Domini shall be a good and perfect Return to all intents and purposes as any other of the said dayes of Return before men£6ned is or hath beene used notwithstanding there be not fifteene dayes betweene the quarto die of the said Return of Crastino Ascencftnis Domini and the Essoine day of the Return of Crastino Sande Trinitads.

And be it further enacted That all Writs and Processe in personall Actions hereafter to be made out of any of his Majesties said Courts at Westminster and having day from Tres Michaelis undll Crastino Animarum shall be good and effectuall in Law notwithstanding there be not fifteene dayes betwixt the quarto die of the said Tres sepdmanas sandi Michaelis and the dayes of Essoines of Crastino Animarum Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Writs and Processes to be made frotti and after the Feast of Easter in the yeare of our Lord God 1641. returnable in Odabis or Quindena sandi Michaelis now next ensuing or having dayes betwext any of the said Returns shall by force of this Act have day unto Tres sepdmanas sandi Michaelis next and the Parties to the said Writs and Processe shall then appeare and plead and proceed thereupon to all intents and purposes as if the said Writs and Processe had been made returnable A die sandi Michaelis in tres sepdmanas.

And whereas before the making of this Act all Writs of Summons ad Warranrizand against the Vouchees upon Common Recoveries had in Writs of Entry and Writs of Right of Advouson were made for nine Returns inclusive Now for the more speedy perfeding of such Recoveries Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the said Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next all and every such Writs of Summons ad Warranrizand upon the appearance of the Tenant to every such Writs of Entrie and Writ of Right of Advouson shall and may be made and abridged to five Returns as Writs of Summons ad Warranrizand in Writs of Dower unde nihil habet heretofore have beene used and accustomed.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all common Writs and Processe as well personall as mixt which shall fortune to be returnable in the said Michaelmas Terme shall have and keepe the said Returns of A die sandi Michaelis in tres sepdmanas A die sandi Michaelis in unum mensem In Crastino anima^ In Crasdno sandi Martini In Odabis sandi Martini and A die sandi Martini in quindecem dies or any of them

Provided alwaies And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that in such and like cases & Processe as spedall dayes have beene used to be appointed and assigned and given for the returning of Writs and Processe It shall be lawfull to the Justices of every of the Kings said Courts of Record for the time being in all the Processe by them awarded to assigne and appoint speciall dayes of Returns as by theire discretions shall be thought convenient

Provided alsoe And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the days in Assize of Darrein presentment and in Plea of Quare impedit limited and appointed by the Statute of Marlebridge and alsoe the dayes to bee given in Attaint limited in the Statute made in the fifth yeare of the Reigne of the Noble King Edward the third And alsoe in the Statute made in the three and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Henry the eighth of worthy memory being not contrary to the Tenours of this Act shall be holden firme and stable and shall stand in their full force and effect.

IV.

In Writ* of Dower, after lone joined. Fifteen Days between the Test and Return sufficient.

V.

Crastino Aacentiomt Domini a good Return, although not Fifteen Days, &c.

VI.

Writs in personal Actions, nating Day from Tits Michaelis till Crastino Animation good though not Fifteen Days, Ac*

vn.

Proviso for Writs returnable after Easter 1641.

VIII.

Writs of Summons adWammtizindum, upon common Recoveries, and Writs of Right of Advowson abridged to Five Returns.

IX.

* Common Writs and Process to keep the aforesaid Returns.

X.

Special Days for returning Writs, Ac. may be appointed as have been used.

XI.

Days in Assize of Darrein Presentment, anti in Plea of Quare impedit, by Stat. Marl, and in Attaint by 5 E. HI. c. 6. and 23 H. VIII. c.3. not contrary hereto, shall be in force.

CHAPTER VH.(‘)

An Act to prevent inconveniences which may happen by the untimely adjourning proroguing or dissolving of this

present Parliament.

Roi. Pari 16 Car. p.%. nm. J.

WHEREAS great sums of money must of necessity be speedily advanced and provided for the rcliefe of his Reasons for passing Majesties Army and People in the Northern parts of this Realm and for preventing the imminent danger this this Act. Kmgdome is in and for supply of other his Majesties present and urgent occasions which cannot be soe timely effected as is requisite without credit for raising the said moneys which credit cannot be obtained until such obstacles be first removed as are occasioned by fears jealousies and apprehensions of diverse his Majesties Loyall Subjects that this present Parliament may be adjourned prorogued or dissolved before Justice shalbe duly executed upon Delinquents publike grrivances redressed a firme Peace betweene the two Nations of England and Scotland concluded and before sufficient provision be made for the repayment of the said moneys so to be raised All which the Commons in this

' interlined on the Roll.

* This Act was not found amongst the original Public Acts of this Session at the Parliament Office, but is annexed to the Act for the Attainder of The Earl of Strafford amongst the Private Acts, and both the said Acts received the Royal Assent by Commission; being the only Actt which appear to have passed in that manner during this Session.

16° Car. I. c. 7,8.

A.D. 1640.

The present Parliament not to be dissolved but by AA of Parliament.

Houses of Peers and Commons not to be adjourned but by themselves or their own Order.

present Parliament assembled having duly considered Do therefore humbly beseech your Most Excellent Majesde that it may be declared and enacted And be it declared and enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord with the assent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That this present Parliament now assembled shall not be dissolved unlesse it be by Act of Parliament to be passed for that purpose nor shall be at any time or times during the continuance thereof prorogued or adjourned unlesse it be by A & of Parliament to be likewise passed for that purpose And that the House of Peers shall not at any time or times during this present Parliament be adjourned unlesse it be by themselves or by theire owne order And in like manner that the House of Commons shall not at any time or times during this present Parliament be adjourned unlesse it be by themselves or by theire owne Order And that all and every thing and things whatsoever done or to be done for the adjournment proroguing or dissolving of this present Parliament contrary to this A & shall be utterly void and of none effect.

Rot. Parl. 16 Cur. p. 2. nu. 4.

Ancient Right of the SubieA not to be taxed without Consent in Parliament.

Grant of Tonnage, every Tun of Wine imported, 3s.

Like Duty onSweet Wine imported by Merchant Aliens. Every Awme of Rhenish Wine imported, red. Grant of Poundage, every 20a. worth of Goods exported, red.

The like Duty on Tin and Pewter Vessels exported. Proviso for Woollen Cloth wrought within the Realm and exported by MerchantDenizens; and for Wools, Woolfels, Hides, and Backs of Leather exported; and for all Wines not before mentioned; and for Fresh Fish and Bestiall imported.

II.

Merchant Denizen to pay, every Sack of Wool 33s. 4d. every 340 Woolfella

33‘- 4d. every Last of Hides and Backs 6s. 8d. and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity. Merchant Strangers to pay, every Sack of Wool . 6s. 8d.

every 240 Woolfells £$.6 8d. every Last of Hides and Backs

£3- >3»- 4d*. and also certain Duties by Letters Patent, or Great or Privy Seal, since 1st Jac.I.

CHAPTER VIII.

A Subsidie granted to the King of Tunnage Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandize

exported and imported.

WHEREAS upon examination in this psent Parliament of diverse of the Farmours Customers and ColleSors of the Customes upon Merchandize and likewise upon theire owne confession it appeared that they have taken diverse great sums of money of his Majesties Subjects and likewise of [mediants'] Aliens for Goods imported and exported by the names of a Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage and by colour of divers other imposicons laid upon Merchandize which have beene taken and received against the Lawes of the Realme in regard the said sums of money and impositions were not granted by common consent in Parliament and for soe doing have deserved condigne punishment Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled And it is hereby declared and enacted That it is and hath beene the ancient right of the Subjects of this Realme That no Subsidy Custome Impost or other charge whatsoever ought or may be laid or imposed upon any Merchandize exported or imported by Subjects Denizens or Aliens without common consent in Parliament Yet neverthelesse the Commons before whom those examinac&ns were taken taking into theire consideracon the great perill that might ensue to this Realme by the not guarding of the Seas and the other inconveniencies which might follow in case the said sums of money should upon the sudden be forborn to be paid by and with the advice and consent of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same Doe give and grant to our Supream Liege Lord and Soveraign One Subsidie called Tunnage that is to say Of every Tun of Wine that is or shall come into this Realme or any his Majesties Dominions by way of Merchandize the sum of three shillings and so after that rate And of every tun of Sweet Wines as well Malmsey as other that is or shall come into this Realme by any Merchant Alien three shillings and soe after the rate over and above the three shillings above menefcned And of every awme of Renish Wine that is or shall so come in twelve pence And alsoe one other Subsidie called Poundage that is to say Of all manner of Goods and Merchandize of every Merchant Denizen and Alien carried or to be carried out of this Realme or any his Majesties Dominions or to be brought into the same by way of Merchandize of the value of every twenty shillings of the same Goods and Merchandize twelve pence and soe after the rate And of every twenty shillings value of Tin and Pewter Vessell carried out of this Realme by every or any Merchant Alien twelve pence over and above the twelve pence aforesaid Except

and foreprized out of this grant of Subsidie of Poundage all manner of Woollen Cloth made or wrought or which

shall be made or wrought within this Realme of England and by every or any Merchant Denizen and not born Alien carried or to be carried out of this Realm And [all manner of Wools Woolfels Hides & Backs of Leather that is or shall be carried out of this Realme And2] all Wines not before limited to pay Subsidy or Tunnage And all manner of fresh Fish and Bestiall coming or that shall come into this Realme.

And further the said Commons by the advice assent and authority aforesaid Doe give and grant unto our said Leige Lord our Soveraigne for the causes aforesaid One other Subsidie that is to say Of every Merchant born Denizen of and for every Sack of Wooll thirty three shillings four pence and of and for every two hundred and fourty Woolfells thirty three shillings foure pence And of and for every last of Hides and Backs three pounds six shillings eight pence and soe after the same rate for every lesse or greater quantity for any the same Merchandize more or lesse and of every Merchant Stranger not born Denizen of and for every Sack of Wooll three pounds six shillings eight pence And of and for every twoe hundred fourty Wolfells three pounds six shillings eight pence And for every Last of Hides and Backs three pounds thirteen shillings four pence and soe of all the said Woolls Woollfels Hides and Backs and of every of them after the rate and such other.^ums of Money as have beene imposed upon any Merchandize either outward or inward by pretext of any Letters Patents Commission under the Great Seale of England or Privie Seale since the first yeare of the reigne of his late Majesty King James of Blessed Memory and which were continued and paid at the begining of this present Parliament To have take enjoye and perceive

the Subsidies aforesaid and other the foremenebned sums and every of them and every part and parcell of them

to our said Leige Lord and Soveraigne from the five and twentieth of May One thousand six hundred fourty one to the fifteenth of July next ensuing.

A.D. 164Q.

16° Car. I. c. 8, 9.

105

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Subsidy of Tunnage Poundage Woolls and ocher sfims of money shall be taken and imployed during the time aforesaid to and for the intents and purposes »iyj upon anH under such Provisions Clauses and Limitations as are contained in one Act made in the Parliament held in the first yeare of the reigne of his said late Majestie King James of Blessed Memory entituled An Act for the granting of a Subsidie to the King of Tunnage Poundage Woolls &c.

And it is hereby declared that the sums of money hereby granted upon Merchandize are not the rates intended to be continued but the same to be hereafter in this present Parliament altered in such manner as shall be thought fit

Provided that no penalty or forfeiture contained in this present Act or in the said Act made in the first yeare of King James doe or shall ensue to any person or persons unlesse they refuse to compound for any Merchandize or Goods imported or exported after notice given of this Act Penaltie and Forfeiture by Proclamaf&n where the said Goods are or ought to be entred.

And it is further enacted That any Customer or Comptroller or any other Officer or person that after the determinacftn of this Grant shall take or receive or cause to be taken or received the said subsidie sums of money or any other imposition upon Merchandize whatsoever exported or imported (except the same by Grant in Parliament be due or by such Grant shall become due or have beene continually paid from the end of the reign of the late King Edward die Third untill the begining of the reign of the late Queen Mary) shall incur and sustain the pains penalties and forfeitures ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the sixteenth yeare of King Richard the Second and shall alsoe from thenceforth bee disabled during his life to sue or implead any person in any action reall mixt or personall or in any Court whatsoever

Provided alwaies That this Act shall not extend to any imposicbn or charge upon any sort of Tobacco of English Plantations but that the said Tobaccoes shall be charged onely with the payment of two pence in the pound and no more.

III.

The arid Subddy to be applied according to i Jac. I. c. 33.

IV.

The above Rates on Merchandise'to be altered in this Parliament aaihall be thought fit.

V.

No Penalty in this Act or in l Jac. I. c. to attach unless on Persons refusing to compound for Goods imported or exported.

VI.

Officer after the Determination of this Grant receiving the Subsidy, Premunire and Disability to sue. Exception.

VII.

Proviso for Tobacco of English Plantations.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for the speedie provision of money for disbanding the Armies and setling the peace of the two Kingdomes

of England and Scotland.

"VT THE RE AS the present raising of great sums of money for the speedy disbanding of both Armies is a vv matter of so vast consequence and urgent necessity that not onely the firme and happy peace between the two Kingdomes of England and Scotland but alsoe the well being and prosperity of this kingdome depends upon it which said sums of money cannot be soe suddenly raised as the pressing occasion doth require without some extraordinary meanes used to the which all well affected persons in this soe visible exigent of the Common Wealth w31 cheerefully submit. May it therefore please your Most Excellent Majestie That it may be enacted And be h enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majestie the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That all and every person and persons of the severall rankes and degrees hereafter meneftned shall to the purpose aforesaid contribute and pay the severall sums of money hereafter in this Act set dofwne and appointed that is to say Every person of the degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland inhabiting or residing within this Kingdome shall pay the sum of One hundred pounds Every person of the degree of a Marquesse of either of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome the sum of fowerscore pounds Every person of the degree of an Earle of either of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome the sum of threescore pound Every person of the degree of a Viscount of either of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome the sum of fiftie pounds Every person of the degree of a Baron of either of the three Kingdomes and inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome the sum of fourty pounds The eldest Sonne of every Earle of either of the said three Kingdomes and residing within this Realme being of the age of one and twenty yeares fourty pound The eldest Son of every Viscount of either of the said three Kingdomes residing within this Realme being of the age of one and twenty yeares thirty five pounds the eldest son of every Baron of either of the said three Kingdomes and residing within this Realme beinge of the age of one and twenty yeares thirty pound Every person of the degree of Baronets of either of the three Kingdomes or of Nova Scotia and inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome the sum of thirty pound Every person who is a Knight of the Order of the Bath inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome the sum of thirty pound Every person whoe is a Knight Batchelour inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome the sum of twenty pound Every person whoe is the Kings Serjeant at Law the sum of twenty five pounds Every other Serjeant at Law the sum of twenty pound Every person who is of thb Learned Councell to the Kings Majestie the Queene or Prince and by venue thereof or by any Privie Seale practises within the Barrs at Westminster the sum of twenty pound Every person of the degree of an Esquire or soe reputed inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome and above the age of one and twenty yeares the sum of ten pounds Every Widdow respectively according to her husbands degree shall pay the third part rated by this Bill upon that degree of which the husband of such Widdow was in his life rime Every person of what degree or quality soever below the degrees above mentioned inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome and whoe can dispend One hundred pounds per annum of his or her own either in lands Leases Money Stock or otherwise the sum of five pound

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. p. 2. n. 5.

Sums payable by Persons of the several Ranks hereafter mentioned.

A Duke j£ioo.

A Marquis £80.

An Earl £6o.

A Viscount £$o. A Baron 4^40.

Eldest Son of Earl jg+o.

Eldest Son of Viscount jgjy.

Eldest Son of Baron *£30.

A Baronet £30.

A Knight of the Bath 4S30.

Knight Batchelor £to.

King's Serjeant

£*5.

Serjeant £20. King’s Counsel £20.

Esquire j£io. Widow rated at One-third according to the Rank of her Husband.

All other Persons £100. per Ann.

ts-

106

16° Car. I. c. 9.

A.D. 1640.

II.

Persons of the several Ranks

herraftermentioned. Bishop £6o.

Dean j£ao.

Canon g&io. Prebend £io. Parson of j£ioo. per Annum 4^5. Doctor in Law, Advocate £io. Archdeacon £i$. Chancellor to Bishop, &c.

Doctor in Phytick j^io.

Register to Bishop, &c. j^io.

Proctor £c.

III.

Lord Mayor of London £q&. Sheriff or Alderman *£20. Deputy Alderman 4^15.

Masters of 12 first Companies j£io. Wardens £6. 13s 4<L Common Council Man £5,

Liverymen of thei 3 first Companies 4^5. Yeomen of such Companies *£3. Masters of the Company of Dyers and other Companies £6. Wardens £5. Liverymen jj^j. Yeomen s£t» Masters of the Company of Barber Surgeons and other Companies,Scc£$, Wardens £2. Liverymen 4^1. Masters of the Founders and other Companies £1. Wardens 15s. Liverymen 10s. Liverymen of the Company of Bowyers and other Companies 5s. Freeman of any Company is. Merchant Stranger being a Knight £40.

Below that and trading to Sea 4^10. Merchant Stranger trading inland 4^5. English Merchants of London not free

4*5.

English Factor of London 40s. Handicraftsman 5s. Alderman of any City under a Knight or Esquire j£c.

IV.

The several Offices hereafter mentioned. Prothonotary K. B. £40.

Clerk of the Crown K. B. £20.

Custos Brevium K. B. £aq.

Master of the Rolls £60.

Clerk of the Crown in Chancery £20. Clerk of the Chancery 4^30. Usher of Chancery 4^30.

Cursitor £$.

Clerk of the Petty Bag £10.

Examiner £10. Prothonotary of C. P. 4020.

Custos Brevium C.P.a£6o.

And Be it further ensured by the authority aforesaid that all and every person and persons of the severall ranks and degreed hereafter mentioned shall to the purpose aforesaid contribute and pay the several! sums of money hereafter in this Act set downe and appointed that is to say Every Bishop of this Kingdome shall pay the sum of threescore pounds Every Dean of any Cathedrall Church in England the sum of forty pounds Every Canon resident of any Cathedrall Church within this Kingdome the sum of twenty pounds Every Prebend of any Cathedrall Church within this Kingdome albeit he be not resident the sum of ten pound Every Parson or Vicar being Owner of a Parsonage or Vicaridge or other Estate of the cleer yearely value of One hundred pounds the sum of five pound Every person that is Doffcor in the Civill or Cannon Lawes or Advocate the sum of ten pounds Every person who is an Arch Deacon shall pay the sum of fifteen pound Every person who is Chancellour to any Bishop or Commissary or Offidall to any Dean or Arch Deacon the sum of fifteene pounds Every Doctor in Phisick the sum of ten pounds Every person who is Register to any Bishop ten pounds and to any Arch Deacon five pound Every Proctor in any ecclesiasdcall Court five pound.

And Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all and every person and persons of the severall degrees and qualities hereafter men£6ned shall to the purpose aforesaid contribute and pay the severall sums of money hereafter men£6ned in this Bill and set downe that is to say the Lord Maior of London shall pay the sum of forty pound Every such person who is either now Sheriffe or Alderman of the said City of London or hath fined for Sheriffe or Alderman the Sum of twenty pounds Every person who hath beene or now is Deputy to any Alderman within the said City the sura of fifteen pound Every person who hath beene or now is Master of either of the twelve first Companies of the said City or hath fined for Master of either of the said twelve Companies the sum of tenn pound Every person who hath beene or now is Warden of either of the twelve first Companies of the said City or hath fined for Warden of either of the twelve first Companies six pound thirteene shilling four pence Every person whoe is of the Common Councell of the said City the Sum of five pound Every person who is of the Livery of either of the said twelve first Companies of the said City the sum of five pound Every person who of the Yeomanry of either of the twelve first Companies three pound Every person who is or hath been Master of either of the Companyes of Dyers Brewers Leathersellers Girdlers Stationers Woodmongers [ Upholsters1 ] Apothecaries Pewterers Tallow [Chanlers *] Armorers or Sadlers the sum of six pound Every person who is or hath beene Warden of either of the said Companies five pound Every person who is of the Livery of either of the said Companies three pounds Every person who is of the Yeomanry of either of the said Companyes one pound Every person who hath been or is Master of either of the Companies of Barber Chirurgions White Bakers Wax Chandlers Cutlers Butchers Carpenters Cordwainers Painters Coopers Scriveners Brown-Bakers Turners or Inholders the sum of three pound Every person who is or hath been Warden of either of the said. Companies two pound Every person who is of the Livery of either of the said Companies one pound Every person who is or hath been Master of either of the Companies of Founders Curriers Masons Bricklayers Joyners Plasterers Weavers Fruiterers Marblers Imbroderers Poulterers Cookes or Plumbers the sum of one pound Every person who is or hath beene Warden of either of the said Companies fifteen shillings Every person who is of the Livery of either of the said Companies ten shillings Every person whoe is or hath beene of the [Livery1] of either of the Companies of Bowyers Fletchers Blacksmiths Bottlemakers Wooll packers Farriers Pavyers Lorriners Glasiers Clarkes or Watermen five shillings Every person who is a Freeman of any Company within the City of London the sum of one shilling Every person who is a Merchant Stranger if he be of the degree of a Knight the sum of forty pound if below that degree and be a Merchant Stranger trading to Sea the sum of ten pound Every person who is a Merchant Stranger trading within the Land the sum of five pound every person who is an English Merchant inhabiting and residing within the said City of London and not free of the said City the sum of five pound Every English FaSor residing in the said City the sum of fourty shillings Every Handicrafts man or Ardzan Stranger who is a Housekeeper (in any part of this Kingdome) the sum of five shillings Every person who is [or4] hath beene an Alderman of any City within this Kingdome if he be below the degree of a Knight or Esquire the sum of five pound

And Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every such person and persons who is possessed of any of the severall Offices or Places hereafter men£6ned in theire owne rights shall pay the severall sums hereafter menc&ned that is to say The Prothonotary of the Kings Bench the sum of fourty pound The Clarke of the Crowne in the Kings Bench twenty pound The Custos Brevium of the Court of Kings Bench fourty pound The Master of the Rolls threescore pound The Clarke of the Crowne in the High Court of Chancery twenty pound Every one of the Six Clarks in the said Court of Chancery thirty pound The Usher of the Court of Chancery thirty pound Every Cursitor of the said Court five pound Every Clarke of the Petty Bag ten pound Every Examiner of the said Court tenn pound Every Prothonotor of the Court of Common Pleas twenty pound The Custos Brevium of the Court of Common Pleas threescore pound Every Philizer of the said Court five pound Every Attumey of the Court of Exchequer ten pound Every Auditor of the said Court ten pound The Clarke of the Court of Wards and Liveries threescore pound Every Attumey of that Court five pound Every Auditor of that Court ten pound Every Feodary ten pound Every Escheator five pound The Clarke of the Court of the Dutchy of Lancaster ten pound Every Auditor of that Court ten pound Every Clarke of the Privie Seale ten pound Every Attumey of the Court of Requests ten pound Every Clarke of the Signet ten pound Every Attumey at Law of any of the Courts at Westminster the sum of three pound Every person in any Office or Place under his Majestie except his Majesties Servants in ordinary of his Household who receiveth the yearely fee of ten pound the sum of ten pound Every person that can dispend in Lands Leases Money Stocke or otherwise of his or her owne proper estate fifty pound yearely the sum of fourty shillings Every person who can dispend of his or her owne proper estate twenty pound

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 9

107

yetrely in Lands Leases Money Stock or otherwise the sum of five shillings Every person who can dispend of his or her owne proper estate ten pound yearely in Lands Leases Money or Stock the sum of two shillings Every person who can dispend of his or her owne. proper Estate five pound yearely in Lands Leases Money or Stock the sum of one •hilling And every other person of what estate or degree soever he or shee be with in his Majesties Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales and not rated before in this present Act nor receiving alms and above the age of nxteen yeares shall pay six pence

And Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that every person who is a popish Recusant of any the severmll degrees rankes and qualities before in this Bill set forth and mentioned convict or which is or shall be ipcBfted for Popish Recusande and such Indictments either are or shall be removed by Certiorari or being not removed shall not by appearance and traverse legally be discharged before the said Assessment shall be due or shall not have received the Holy Communion according to the rites of the Church of England within one whole yeare next before the pasang of this Bill every such person shall pay double the rate and proportion imposed on the said degree ranke or quality of which he or shee the said Popish Recusant is or otherwise imposed on him or her by vertue of this Act And all the severall persons of the severall degrees ranks and qualities before set forth in this Bill shall pay the severall propordtas and rates appointed by this Bill in manner and forme to be disposed of as in this present Act hereafter is expressed that is to say Every person of the severall degrees ranks and qualities before mentioned within the City of London and ten miles from the same shall within four dayes after Proclamad&n made of this Act in the accustomed places within the said City and the severall Counties within the said distance respectively pay the severall rates appointed by this Act to be paid by them and every person of what degree ranke or qualide

soever thojjpwout the Kingdome of England & Dominion of Wales within ten dayes after Proclamation made of

this Act in the accustomed places of the severall Counties shall pay the severall rates appointed by this Act to be paid by them

And Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that for the better sessing ordering and leavying of the said sums soe limited and appointed by this Act to be paid as aforesaid severall Commissions shall forthwith be made and directed by the Lord Chancellour or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the time being out of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seale unto the severall Commissioners named in one Ad lately made in this

present Parliament intituled An Act for the further releife of his Majesties Armie and the Northern parts of the

Kingdome And alsoe one other Commission for the City of Bristoll to John Taylor Esquire now Maior of the said City John Gomning John Tomlinson Andrew Charleton Richard Holworthy William Jones Ezekiell Wallis George Knight and John Lock Esquires And other Commissioners to every of the Cinque Ports that is to say To the Maior for the time being Stephen Munings Thomas Day John Brome William Richards Samuel Dell Robert Brome Jurats for the towne and Port of Dover and theire eight members For the towne and port of Folston the Maior for the time being Robert Culverdown Thomas Inneth For Fevesham to the Maior for the time being Reynold Edwards John Casdock Boys Ower For Seaford to Walter Everendeil Maior Sackvile Porter Thomas Elphick junior Jurats For the Town and Port of Hastings to the Maior for the time being Master Boyse Master Barlowe Master Crompe For the Towne and Port of New Romney to Robert Wyvell Maior Stephen Etherick John Wilcock William Lancaster Gentlemen For the Towne of Lidd to Clement Tipp Bailiffe Thomas Struggle John Bate William Godfrey Gentlemen For the Town and Port of Hieth and the Member of it to the Maior for the time being William Deed John Downe John Hogben John Crumpe John Lambert For the Town and Port of Sandwich and the Members thereof to Stephen Inkpett Maior William Wilson George Wood Mathew Peak Jurats For Rye with the Members thereof to Robert Erwen Maior Richard Cockrara Joseph Bembrick Allen Gribble Jurats The Members to Rye Tenderden Robert Poope Maior Samuel Short Esquire John Austen Thomas Short Jurats For the Towne of Winchelsea to the Maior for the time being and Daniel White a Jurat And to every of the said Commissioners ten Schedules containing in them the tenor of this Act shall be affixed by which Commission the Commissioners in every such Commission named according to this Act and as many of them as shall be appointed by. the said Commission shall have full power and authority to put the effect of this Act in execution and after such Commissions to them delivered may by theire consents and agreements sever themselves for the execuS&n of the said Commissions in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Townes and Parishes and other places within the Limits of the said Commissions in such manner and forme as by the said Act is appointed and shall truly effectually and diligently for theire parts execute the effect of this present Act without omission favour dread malice or any other thing to be attempted or done by them or any of them to the contrary and shall with in two dayes after the said Commission delivered to them direct theire severall or joynt Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants Constables Sub-Constables Bailiffes and other Eke Officers and Ministers and such number of them and as in and by the said Act is appointed and att such theire appearances the said Commissioners or soe many as shall be thereunto appointed shall openly read or cause to be read unto them the said Rates in this Act men£6ned and openly declare the efied of theire charge unto them and how and in what manner they ought and should make theire Certificates according to the Rates and sums thereof abovesaid and of all manner of persons as well Aliens and Strangers Denizen or not Denizens inhabiting within this Realme as of such Popish Recusants and other persons who be borne under the Kings Obeysance chargeable by this Act and after such charge given shall at the discretion of the said Commissioners or any two of them prefix another day to the said persons to appeare before the said Commissioners and bring in theire Certificates under such penaitie for every default as by the said Act is appointed & thereupon at the day of the said Certificate the said Commissioners shall make theire Precept or Precepts to such Officers or Collectors being able and sufficient in every Hundred Wapentake Town or other place aforesaid as they the said Commissioners or any twp or more of them shall thinke fit comprizing and containing in them the names and simames of all persons presented before

PliOixcrofC.P.

Auditor j0io.

Clerk of the Court of Wards and Liveries *£6o. Attorney of that Court £$.

Auditor £to* Feodary j0ia Escheator j0C. Clerk of Duchy Court ^io.

Auditor j£io.

Clerk of the Privy Seal j£i0.

Attorney of Court of Requests j£io. Clerk of the Signet j£io. Attorney at Law

Officer under the King, except Houshold, receiving j^io.per Ann.j£* io. Estate of £50. per Ann. 40s. ofj^io.perAnn.yi. of 10. per Ann. as. of jfy. per. Ann. is. All other Persons above 16. and not receiving Alms, 6d.

V.

Popish Recusants Convict of the aforesaid Degrees, Double Rate. Times and Proportions of Rates to be paid.

VI.

Commissions under the Great Seal for levying the Rate to the several Commissioners named in c. 4. ante* Commissioners for Bristol.

The Cinque Ports. Dover.

Folkstone.

Feversham.

Seaford.

Hastings.

New Romney. Lidd.

Hithe.

Sandwich.

Rye.

Winchelsea.

Ten Schedules affixed to Commissions containing the tenor of Ad.

Commissioners to divide themselves; and to execute Ad without Favour, &c. Commissioners to direct Precepts to certain Number of Inhabitants, &c. in Hundreds &c. to appear before Commissioners; and on Appearance Commissioners to read the Rates and instrud them bow to make their

Certificates &c«

and after such Charge to prefix another Day for Appearance and bringing iu Certificates, under a Penalty

v^,

16° Cab. I. c. 9.

J.V.1640.

and thereupon the Commissioners to mike the Precepts to Collectors, &c.

Commissioners suspecting Estate &c. to be of greater Value than specified may examine, but not on Oath, and set Rate.

Persons refusing to pay.

Distress.

If Rate not paid in four Days Distress appraised and sold.

Overplus to Owner.

Officers, &c. to answer for the Portion limited to them only.

Money compiled in Estreat to be paid to the Sheriff of the County,

To whom Sheriffs of Counties, &c. to pay Monies received by them.

Rate to be paid in current Money and none in Farthings*

vn.

Persons neglecting to pay Rate within four Days,

Double Rate to be levied by Distress. Further Punishment. Persons dissuading others from paying the Rate, or consenting that others shall be under-rated, proved on Oath of two Witnesses,

Imprisonment.

VIII.

Sums raised to be paid out by the Treasurers as House of Commons shall direct.

Officer making Default.

Punishment.

IX.

Persons residing in London or within Fifteen Miles, paying as herein directed,

them in the said Certificate of whom or [of1] any of them if the said Commissioners or any two of them in theire severall Limits shall have certaine knowledge or vehement susped that he or shee is of greater value then is upon such person or persons soe certified or specified that then the said Commissioners shall upon examination thereof by good and lawfull meanes without oath set such rate and rates upon every such person or persons as shall be according to the true intent and meaning of this A d and if any person or persons shall refuse to pay the severall sums and proportions appointed by this Act for such person to pay upon demaund made by the Constable or Officer of the said place according to the Estreats delivered to them by the said Commissioners it shall be lawfull to and for such Constable or Officer for non payment thereof to distrain the person or persons so refusing by his or theire Goods & Chattels and the distresses so taken to keepe by the space of foure dayes at the costs and charges of the Owner thereof And if the said Owner doe not pay the said sum of money due by this Act within the said foure dayes then the same distresse to be apprised by three or two of the Inhabitants where such distresse is taken and then to be sold by the said Officer for the payment of the said money and the overplus coming by the sale (if any be) over and above the charge of keeping the said distresse to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof And the said Officers and other persons so deputed to aske take gather & levie the said sums shall answer and be charged for the portion only to them assigned and limited to be levied gathered and comprised in the said writing and estreat soe to them as aforesaid delivered to the persons and uses in this Act expressed and the said sum in that writing or estreat to be comprized to pay unto the said Commissioners or any two of them with all speed and without delay at such day and place as by them shall be appointed and the said Commissioners to whom the said sums or any of them shall be paid shall with all speed and without delay carry and pay the same unto the Sheriff of the said County or Citie respectively wherein the said sums shall or ought to bee collected and paid And every such Sheriffe shall with all speed and without delay pay or cause to be paid all and every the sums by him received to the persons and uses in this Act expressed that is to say the high Sheriffes of the severall Counties of Yorkeshire Cumberland Westmerland Nottingham the Countie and Towne of Nottingham the County Palatine of Chester the Countie of the Citie of Chester the County Palatine of Lancaster Lincolneshire the Countie and Citie of Lincolne Derbyshire Staffordshire the Countie of the Citie of Litchfeild the Citie of Yorke and Counde of the same the town and counde of Kingston upon Hull respectively to the Lord Maior of the Citie of Yorke and to Thomas Hodgson Henry Tompson and William Scot Aldermen of the said City at the Chamber in the said City of Yorke and the high Sheriffs of every other County or City respectively within this Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales to the Treasurers in this Act named at or in the Chamberlaines Office in Guildhall within the said City of London All & every which said sum and sums soe to be paid by force and vertue of this Act shall be paid in currant money of England and none of it in farthings to the intent the same may be paid and received with more expedition.

And be it further enacted That if any person or persons shall neglect to pay such rate or proportion as is appointed for him or her by and according to the tenor of this Act or any part thereof within foure dayes next after the time limited by this Act for the payment thereof and demand to be made to such person or in his absence at the house or other most usuall place of abode or resort then every such person so making default shall pay double the sum so assessed upon him or her by vertue of this Act the same to be leavied by distresse and sale of his or her goods in such sort as is before limited for the said other sums and shall be lyable to such further punishment as by this Parliament shall be thought fit to be inflicted upon him or her And if any person or persons shall disswade any other person from paying the rates or sums so to be rated and paid as aforesaid by force or vertue or according to the tenor of this A & or by corruption shall give consent that any person shall be rated below or under the proportion which any such person ought to pay by the true intent and meaning of this Act and the said Offences or any of them shall be proved by the Oath of two Witnesses before any two or more of the said Commissioners who shall have power by this Act to administer the said Oath shall by the said Commissioners or any two or more of them be committed to the Common Goale of the same Countie there to remaine till he or she shall be thenceforth delivered by the Justices of Assize or Justices of the Peace at the Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden for the same County wherein any such Offence shall be committed.

And Be it further enacted That all and every the sums soe to be collected and raised by and according to the tenor of this Act shall be paid and issued out by the Treasurers in this Act named or any two or more of them Tespedively to such use and uses as by one or more Orders of the Commons House in this present Parliament shall be appointed and not otherwise And that all and every the said person and persons whoe are to be charged or chargeable with the Receipt of any the said sums in this Act mentioned which shall wilfully neglect or make default in the collecting levying or paying of the severall sums by them or any of them respectively to be received or paid or in execution of theire severall duties according to the tenor and true meaning of this Act shall be accountable for the same to the Parliament and shall be lyable to such punishment as shall be thought fit by the King and Parliament to be inflicted.

And It is further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid that if any person or persons of what degree ranke or quality soever inhabiting and resideing within the Citie of London or within fifteen miles distant from the said City shall before the time limited by this Act pay unto Sir Edmund Wright Lord Maior of the Citie of London Sir James Cambell Sir George Whitmore Sir Nicholas Rainton Sir Christopher Cletherowe Knights Aldermen of the said City and Robert Bateman Esquire Chamberlain of the said City or any of them and to the uses in this Act men£&ned such sum or sums of money as by this Act he or shee is appointed to pay upon a

16<VCar. I. c. 9

109

Certificate or Acquittance from the said Sir Edmund Wright Sir James Cambell Sir George Whitmore Sir Nicholas Upon Certificate Rain ton Sir Christopher Cletherowe Robert Bateman or any of them acknowledging the Receipt of such sums the *&*.

said parties severally shall be thereby discharged of for or concerning the said sums and if any other person or Persons residing in persons of what degree ranke or quality soever within the Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales shall likewise Kingdo^'j^yJng before the rime limited by this Act pay unto Sir Arthur Ingram Sir Robert Pye Knights William Wheeler and William Member*

Bell Esquires Members of the House of Commons or any of them and to the uses in this Act such sum or sums of Common*, on money as by this Act he or shee is appointed to pay upon a Certificate or Acquittance from the said Sir Arthur Ingram Cert,fic,te'

Sir Robert Pye William Wheeler and William Bell or any of them acknowledging the reedpt of such sums the said parties severally shall thereby be discharged of for or concerning the said sums and all such payments shall be taken discharged, as an acceptable service to this Kingdome.

And it is further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid that if any person or persons shall lend the sum pert0|)8 of One hundred pound or any greater sum to or for the uses and purposes in this present Act menC&ned and j£ioo on CreJit declared such person shall do very good and acceptable service to the Common Wealth. aoth Jo^wwt

And be it further enacted That any person or persons which shall soe lend and advance such sum or sums of money as aforesaid for this present occasion and shall before the twentieth day of July now next ensuing pay and deliver the same to such person or persons as are authorised by this present Act to receive the moneys charged hereby upon the respective Inhabitants of the City of London shall be secured by this Act for the repayment of the said moneys at such time and place as by the Lenders of the said money shall be required and agree upon And alsoe of the interest and damages sustained by the forbearance thereof after the rate of eight pound per centum for a yeare and untill such rime as they shall respectively have received againe the said sums so lent and advanced.

XI.

Repayment secured, together with Interest at j£8 per Cent, per Annum.

And be it further enacted that the said Sir Edmund Wright Sir James Cambell Sir George Whitmore Sir Nicholas Rainton Sir Christopher Cletherow and Robert Bateman shall and may satisfie pay and deliver unto such person or persons respectively out of the said moneys soe to be received such respective sum and sums of money as shall be soe lent by him or them for the purposes aforesaid togeather with such other and further sum and sums of money as the interest of and for the said sum and sums respectively shall amount unto after the rate of eight pound per centum for a yeare from the day and time that the same was soe advanced as aforesaid untill they shall respectively have received the said sum or sums so advanced.

XII.

The said Receiver* for London to repay such Loans, with Interest at the Rate aforesaid.

And It is hereby further enacted that the Acquittance or Acquittances from the persons before appointed for the ^hat Acquittance* receipt of these moneys to the uses and purposes in this present Act expressed or of any three of them shall be a to Treasurers a sufficient discharge to the Treasurers in this Act named for soe much money togeather with interest for the same as goo<i Dl$ciiar8*-shall be comprehended in such Acquittance or Acquittances for the issuing out and payment of the said sum and sums of money respectively.

Provided alsoe And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that if any person or persons whatsoever hath or have beene rated taxed or assessed in the last Booke of Subsidies for the foure Subsidies lately granted in this present Parliament at or above the rate of five pounds Lands or at or above the sum of seaven pound ten shillings in goods and yet by this present Act a lesser sum is laid set or charged upon him her or them for or in respect of his her or theire Rank degree or quality that in every such case such person or persons as aforesaid shall pay the full and intire sums hereafter menc6ned that is to say he or shee that was rated at five pound Land shall pay five pounds he or shee that was rated at ten pound Land shall pay ten pound hee or shee that was rated at twenty pound Land shall pay twenty pound and so from five pound upwards proportionably and he or she that was rated at seaven pound ten shillings in goods shall pay five pound he or shee that was rated at fifteen pound in Goods shall pay ten pounds and so upwards from seaven pound ten shillings in Goods proportionably after the rate of two thirds of what he or she is set in goods reference being had to the first rate that was made upon the said Bill of Subsidies and shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the payment of every other sum and sums of money imposed upon him her or them for or in respect of his her or theire respective rank degree or quality by this present Act Any matter or whatsoever thing herein made to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwaies That if any Archbishop or Bishop be by this present Act charged to pay a lesser sum then shall amount to a double tenth as they respectively stand rated in his Majesties Books of First Fruits and Tenths for theire severall Archbishopricks and Bishopricks then every such Archbishop and Bishop shall pay by vertue of this Act one [full 1J double tenth as they stand rated as aforesaid.

Provided alwaies That this present Act or any clause matter or thing whatsoever therein contained shall not in any wwe extend or be construed to extend to charge the Resiants or Inhabitants of the Shire or County of Northumberland of the Towne Borough or County of Newcastle upon Tyne of the Towne or Borough of Barwick upon Tweed or of the County Palatine of Durham or of any parts or places within them or any of them to bee taxed set asked leavied or paid but that all and every the Resiants and Inhabitants of and within them and every of them (saving such as are hereafter particularly mentioned) respectively be and shall be of and from the payments and taxes by this present Act imposed and of every part thereof cleerly acquitted and discharged Any matter or thing whatsoever in this present Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding

XIV.

Proviso respecting Persons rated in the last Book of Subsidies for the Four Subsidies lately granted, and rated by this Act at a lesser Sum in respect of his Rank or Degree.

XV.

Proviso as to Archbishops, Sec. rated at a less Sum than shall amount to a double Tenth, as rated in the King's Books.

XVI. Proviso for Northumberland, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and County Palatine of Durham.

1 interlined on the Roll.

•Ff

16° Car. I. c. 9, 10.

A.D. 1640.

XVII. Proviso as to Inhabitants of last* aentiotitdCo unties, and Places haring Lands, Arc. of £20 yearly Value in other Counties or Places.

XVIII. Proviso for Inhabitants of County and City of York, Hull, and Carlisle, who have had Soldiers billetted on then.

XlX. Proviso against Double Charges.

Discharge by Certificate.

XX.

Rates on Peers to be paid to a CoUedor appointed by the Peers: his Duty.

Rot. Pari 16 Car. p. 2. mi. 6.

Magna Charts, pH.III. c.a9.

S E. III. c.p.

2$ £.111. at. 5. c.4.

*8E.IH.x.3.

4* £. III. c. 3.

36 £. III. c. 15.

3 H.Vll. c. 1.$ 1.

aiH.Vm. c. ao.

All Matters examinable in the Star Chamber may be examinable and redressed by the Common Law.

Provided alwaies nevertheless And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all and every Remant and Inhabitant of and within the said resfc&ive Counties Townes and Boroughs and Places last before mentioned which now hath any Mannors Lands Tenements or Hereditaments of the full and cleere yearely value of twenty pounds and upwards within any the other County or Counties {dace or places within the Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales shall be rated and fixed according to his or theire respective rank degree and quality as if he or shee were not Reliant or Inhabitant of or within the said respective Counties Boroughs or places hereby formerly excepted Any thing herein to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided likewise That this Act shall not extend to charge any person or persons inhabiting in the County of Yorke the City and County of the City of Yorke the Town of Hull and County of the same and the City of Carlisle upon whom Souldiers are or have beene lately billetted and to whom money for the said Billet is still owing and who are not by this Act charged with the payment of above one shilling but that every such person shall be hereby quitted and discharged from the said Payment

Provided that no person of what degree rank or quality soever shall be doubly charged by this Act (except Papists Recusants who are to pay double as by this Act is appointed) but that every such person shall pay the greatest proportion he or shee is charged with by this Act And every such person as by this Act is appointed to pay any sum or sums of money according to the rate and with reference to the said last Bill of four Subsidies shall pay the said sum or sums of money according to the highest rate was set upon him or her by vertue of the said Act in any one place and shall be discharged from any other rates by such Certificate as by the said Act is appointed

[Provided alwfties And be it hereby declared and enacted That the several! sums rated and taxed upon the Lords shall be received by a Collector to be nominated by the Peers which Collector so appointed by the Pfeeres shall dispose of the said sums to such persons respectively and such uses and purposes as by this Act is appointed.1]

CHAPTER X.

An Act for [the Regulating*] the Privie Councell and for taking away the Court commonly called the Star Chamber.

WHEREAS by the Great Charter many times confirmed in Parliament It is Enacted That no Freeman shall be taken or imprisoned or disseised of his Freehold or Liberties or Free Custodies or be Outlawed or exiled or otherwise destroyed and that the King will dot passe upon him or condemn him but by lawfull Judgement of his Peers or by the Law of the Land And by another Statute made in the fifth yeare of the Reigne of King Edward the Third It is Enacted That no Man shall be attached by any accusation nor fore judged of Life or [Lim*] nor his Lands Tenements Goods nor Chattels seised into the Kings hands against the forme of the Great Charter and the Law of the Land And by another Statute made in the five and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of the same King Edward the Third It is accorded assented and established That none shall be taken by petition or suggestion made to the King or to his Councell unlesse it be by Indictment or Presentment of good and lawfull People of the same Neighbourhood where such deeds be done in due manner or by Processe made by Writ Originall at the Common Law and that none be put out of his Franchise or Freehold unlesse he bee duly brought in to answer and forejudged of the same by the course of [the4] Law and if any thing be done against the same it shall be redressed and holden for none And by another Statute made in the eight and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of the same King Edward the Third It is amongst other things Enacted That no Man of what Estate or condition soever he be shall he put out of his Lands or Tenements nor taken nor imprisoned nor disinherited without being brought in to answer by due Procfcsse of Law And by another Statute made in the two and fourtieth yeare of the Reigne of the said King Edward the Third It is enacted That no Man be put to answer without presentment before Justices or matter of Record or by due Processe and Writ Originall according to the old Law of the Land and if any thing be done to the contrary it shall be void in Law and holden for errour And by another Statute made in the six and thirtieth yeare of the same King Edward the Third It is amongst other tilings Enacted That all Pleas which shall be pleaded in any Courts before any the Kings Justices or in his other places or before any of his other Ministers or in the Courts and places of any other Lords within the Realm shall be entered and inrolled in L&tine And whereas by the Statute made in the third yeare of King Henry the seaventh power is given to die ChanceUour the loot'd Treasurer of England for the time being and the Keeper of the Kings Privie Seale or two of them calling unto them a Bishop and a Temporall Lord of the Kings most honourable Councell and the two chiefe Justices of the Kiqgs Bench and Common Pleas for the time being or other two Justices in theire absence to proceed as in that Ad is expressed for the punishment of some particular offences therein mentioned And by thfe Statute made in the one and twentieth •yeare of King Henry the eighth The President of the Councell is associated to joyne wish the Lord ChanceUour •and other Judges in the said Statute of the third of Henry the seaventh mentioned Btit die said Judges have not \ept themselves to the points limited by the said *9tatute btit have undertaken to pilliidi where no Law doth Warrant and to make Decrees for things having no such atrthoritie and to inflfd heavier punishments then by any Law is warranted And forasmuch as all matters examinable or determindble ^before she said Judges or in die Court "commonly edited the Star Chamber may have theire proper remedy tod redresse and theire due punishment and correction by the Common Law of the Land and in the ordinary course of Justice elsewhere And forasmuch

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. f regelating of O. * Ljmne O. 4 interlined on the Roll.

16° Car. I. c. 10.

111

M the reasons and motives inducing the eredkm and continuance of that Court doe now cease and the Proceedings Censures and Decrees of that Court have by experience beene found to be an mtoflerable burthen to the Subjects and die manes to introduce an Arbitrary Power and Government And forasmuch as the CounceU Table hath of late (fanes assumed unto it selfe a power to intermedle in Civdl causes and matters onely of private interest betweene party and party and have adventured to determine of the Estates and Liberties of Ac Subject contrary to the Law of the Land and the Rights and Priviledges of the Subject by which great and manifold mischeifes and inconveniencies have arisen and happened and much incertainty by meanes of such proceedings hath beene conceived concerning Mens Rights and Estates For selling whereof and preventing (he like in* time to come. Be it Ordained and Enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament That the said Court commonly called the Star Chamber and all Jurisdiction Power and Authority belonging unto or exercised in the same Court or by any the Judges Officers or Ministers thereof be from the first day of August in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty and one deerely and absolutely dissolved taken away and determined and that from the said first day of August neither the Lord Chancellour or Keeper of the Great Seale of England the Lord Treasurer of England the Keeper of the Kings Privie Seale or President of the Councell nor any Bishop Temporall Lord Privy Councilor or Judge or Justice whatsoever shall have any power or authoride to heare examine or determine any matter or thing whatsoever in the said Court commonly called the Star Chamber or to make pronounce or deliver any Judgement Sentence Order or Decree or to doe any Judidall or Ministeriall A & in the said Court And that all and every Act and Acts of Parliament and all and every Article Clause and Sentence in them and every of them by which any Jurisdiction power or authority is given limited or appointed unto the said Court commonly called the Star Chamber or unto all or any the Judges Officers or Ministers thereof or for any proceedings to be had or made in the said Court or for any matter or thing to be drawn into question examined or determined there shall for so much as concemeth the said Court of Star Chamber and the Power and Authorise thereby given unto it be from the said first day of August repealed and absolutely revoked and made void.

[And be it likewise Enacted That the like Jurisdiction now used and exercised in the Court before the President and Councell in the Marches of Wales and alsoe in the Court before the President and Councell established in the Northern parts And also in the Court commonly called the Court of the Dutchy of Lancaster held before the Chancellor and Councell of the Court And alsoe in the Court of Exchequer of the Countie Palatine of Chester held before the Chamberlaine and Councell of that Court The like Jurisdiction being exercised there shall from the said first day of August one thousand six hundred fourty and one be alsoe repealed and absolutely revoked and made void Any Law prescription custome or Usage Or the said Statute made in the third yeare of King Henry the seventh Or the Statute made the one and twentieth of Henry the eighth Or any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore had or made to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding And that from henceforth no Court Councell or place of Judicature shall be erected ordained constituted or appointed within this Realme of England or Dominion of Wales which shall have use or exercise the same or the like Jurisdiction as is or hath beene used practised or exercised in the said Court of Star Chamber.1 ]

Bs it likewise declared and enacted by Authoride of this present Parliament That neither his Majestie nor his Privie Councell have or ought to have any Jurisdiction power or authority by English Bill Petition Articles Libell or any other arbitrary way whatsoever to examine or drawe into question determine or dispose of the Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods or Chattels of any the Subjects of this Kingdome But that the same ought to be tried and determined in the ordinary Courts of Justice and by the ordinary course of the Law.

And be it further provided and Enacted That if any Lord Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seale of England Lord Treasurer Keeper of the Kings Privy Seale President of the Councell Bishop Temporall Lord Privy Councellour Judge or Justice whatsoever shall offend or doe any thing contrary to the purport true intent and meaning of this Law [Then be or they shall for such offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful 1 Money of England unto any party grieved his Executors or Administrators who shall really prosecute for the same and first obtain Judgement thereupon to be recorded in any Court of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein no Emoine Protection Wager of Law Aid Prayer Priviledge Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more then one Imparlance And if any person against whom any such Judgment or Recovery shall be had as aforesaid shall after such Judgement or Recovery offend againe in the same then he or they for such offence shall forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds of lawfull Money of England unto any party greived his Executors or Administrators who shall really prosecute for the same and first obtain Judgement thereupon to be recorded in any Court of Record at Westminster by action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in which no Essofoa Rrotedkm Wager of JLaw Aid Prayer Priviledge Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more than one Imparlance And if any Person against whom any such second Judgement or Recovery shall be had as aforesaid shall after such Judgement or Recovery offend againe in the same kind'] and shall be thereof duly nonvided by Indictment Information or any other lawful) way or meanes that such Person see convicted shall bt from thenceforth disabled and become by vertue of this Act incapable Ipso fodo to beare his and theire said Office and Offices respectively and shall be likewise disable to make any Gift Grant Conveyance or other disposition of any hb Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods or Chattels or to take any benefit of any Gift Conveyance or Legacy to hbowne use.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate ’Schedule.

Council Table has assumed a Power contrary to Law.

Court of SUf Chamber and all its

Powers dissolved.

H.

Like Jurisdiction in several other Courts repealed and taken away.

No Court or Council to bare the like Jurkdiffion.

III.

The King or his Privy Council shall have no Jurisdiction over any Man’s Estate.

IV.

Great Officers and others offending;

First Offence, Penalty 4^500/

Second Offjpnce, Penalty j£ioOO.

Third Offence, Disabled.

16° Car. I. c. 10, 11.

A.D. 1640.

v.

Treble Damage* to the Party grieved*

VI.

Every Person committed contrary to this Act shall have an Habeas Corpus for the ordinary Fees.

Cause of Detainer certified by Sheriff, &c. and thereupon Court to proceed.

Default by Judge, &c.

Damages.

And every person so offending shall likewise forfeit and loose unto the Party grieved by any thing done contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Law his trebble damages which he shall sustain and be put unto by meanes or occasion of any such A & or thing done the same to be recovered in any of His Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or InformaCftn wherein no Essoine Protection Wager of Law Aid Prayer Priviledge Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more then one Imparlance

And be it alsoe provided and Enacted That if any person shall hereafter be committed restrained of his Libertie or suffer imprisonment [by the Order or Decree of any such Court of Star Chamber or other Court aforesaid now or at any time hereafter having or ^tending to have the same or like Jurisdiction power or authoritie to commit or imprison as aforesaid Or by the command or Warrant of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors in theire owne Person or by the Command or Warrant of the Councell board or of any of the Lords or others of his Majesties Privy Councell1 ] That in every such case every Person so committed restrained of his libertie or suffering imprisonment upon demand or motion made by his Councell or other imployed by him for that purpose unto the Judges of the Court of Kings Bench or Common Pleas in open Court shall without delay upon any pretence whatsoever for the Ordinary Fees usually paid for the same have forthwith granted unto him a Writ of Habeas Corpus to be directed generally unto all and every Sheriffs Gaoler Minister Officer or other Person in whose custody the party committed or restrained shall be [and the Sheriffs Gaoler Minister Officer or other pson in whose custody the pty so committed or restrained shall be1 ] shall at the return of the said Writ & according to the command thereof upon due and convenient notice thereof given unto him [at the charge of the party who requireth or procureth such Writ and upon securitie by his owne bond given to pay the charge of carrying back the prisoner if he shall be remanded by the Court to which he shall be brought as in like cases hath beene used such charges of bringing up and carrying backe the prisoner to be alwaies ordered by the Court if any difference shall arise thereabout1 ] bring or cause to be brought the body of the said party so committed or restrained unto and before the Judges or Justices of the said Court from whence the same Writ shall issue in open Court and shall then likewise certifie the true cause of such his deteinor or imprisonment and thereupon the Court within Three Court dayes after such return made and delivered in open Court shall proceed to examine and determine whether the cause of such commitment appearing upon the said return be just and legall or not and shall thereupon do what to justice shall appertaine either by delivering bailing or remanding the prisoner And if any thing shall be otherwise wilfully done or omitted to be done by any Judge Justice Officer or other person aforementioned contrary to the direction and true meaning hereof That then such person so offending shall forfeit to the party grieved his trebble damages to be recovered by such meanes and in such manner as is formerly in this Act limited and appointed for the like penaltie to be sued for and recovered

VII.

To what Courts this Act shall extend.

[Provided alwaies and be it Enacted That this Act and the several! Clauses therein contained shall be taken and expounded to extend only to the Court of Star Chamber and to the said Courts holden before the President and Councell in the Marches of Wales and before the President and Councell in the Northern parts and alsoe to the Court commonly called the Court of the Dutchy of Lancaster holden before the Chauncellour and Councell of that Court And alsoe in the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester held before the Chamberlaine and Councell of that Court And to all Courts of like Jurisdiction to be hereafter erected ordained constituted or appointed as aforesaid And to the Warrants and directions of the Councell board and to the commitments restraints & Imprisonments of any Person or Persons made commanded or awarded by the Kings Majesty his Heires or Successors in theire owne person or by the Lords and others of the Privie Councell and every one of them

VUL Limitation of Information, Sec.

And lastly Provided and be it Enacted That no person or persons shall be sued impleaded molested or troubled for any offence against this present Act unlesse the party supposed to have so offended shall be sued or impleaded for the same within two yeares at the most after such time wherein the said offence shall be committed.1 ]

CHAPTER XI.

Rot. Parl. i6Car. An Act for repeal of a branch of a Statute primo Elizabethe concerning Commissioners for causes Ecclesiasticall.

/. 2. «*. 7.

1 Elis. c. 1. WHEREAS in the Parliament holden in the first yeare of the Reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth late Queene W of England there was an Act made and established Intituled An Act restoring to the Crowne the ancient Jurisdiction over the State Ecclesiasticall and Spirituall and [aboshing * ] all Forreign Power repugnant to the same In which A & amongst other things there is conteined one Clause Branch Article or Sentence whereby it was Enacted

i 18. to this effect Namely That the said late Queenes Highnes her Heires and Successors Kings or Queenes of this Realme

should have full power and authoritie by vertue of that Act by Letters Patents under the Great Seale of England to assigne name and authorize when and as often as her Highnes her Heires or Successors should thinke meet and convenient and for such and so long time as should please her Highnes her Heires or Successors such Person or Persons being naturall born Subjects to her Highnes her Heires or Successors as her Majestie her Heires or Successors should thinke meet to exercise use occupie and execute under her Highnes her Heires and Successors all manner of Jurisdictions Priviledges & [Preheminence4 ] in any wise touching or concerning any Spirituall or Ecclesiasticall Jurisdiction within these her Realmes of England and Ireland or any other her Highnesse Dominions

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 9 interlined on the Roll. 9 abolishing O.

* Preheminencf 0.

tOOQie

16° Car. I. c. 11.

113

md Countries and to visit reforme redresse order correct and amend all such errors heresies schismcs abuses offences contempts and enormities whatsoever which by any manner Spirituall or Ecclesiasdcall Power Authoritie or Jurisdiction can or may lawfully be reformed ordered redressed corrected restrained or amended to the pleasure of Almighty God the encrease of vertue and the conservation of the Peace and Unity of this ReaJme And that such Person or Persons so to be named assigned authorised and appointed by her Highnes her Heires or Successors after the said Letters Patents to him or them made and delivered as aforesaid should have full power and authority by vertue of that AS and of the said [Leters'] Patents under her Highnes her Heires or Successors to exercise use and execute all the Premisses according to the tennour and effect of the said Letters Patents any matter or cause to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding And whereas by colour of some words in the foresaid Branch of the said Act whereby Commissioners are authorized to execute theire Commission according to the tenour and effect of the Kings Letters Patents and by Letters Patents grounded thereupon the said Commissioners have to the great and insufferable wrong and oppression of the Kings Subjects used to fine and imprison them and to exercise other authority not belonging to Ecclesiasdcall Jurisdiction restored by that Act and diverse other great mischeifs and inconveniences have alsoe ensued to the Kings Subjects by occasion of the said Branch and Commissions issued thereupon and the executions thereof Therefore for the repressing and preventing of the foresaid abuses mischeifs and inconveniences in time to come Be it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the foresaid Branch Clause Article or Sentence contained in the said Act and every word matter and thing contained in that Branch Clause Article or Sentence shall from henceforth be repealed annulled revoked annihilated and utterly made void for ever Any thing in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it alsoe Enacted by the Authority aforesaid that no Archbishop Bishop nor Vicar Generali nor any Chancellour Officiall nor Commissary of any Archbishop Bishop or Vicar Generali nor any Ordinary whatsoever nor any other Spirituall or Ecclesiasdcall Judge Officer or Minister of Justice nor any other person or persons whatsoever exercising Spirituall or Ecclesiasdcall power authoritie or jurisdiction by any Grant Licence or Commission of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors or by any power or authoritie derived from the King his Heires or Successors or otherwise shall [from and after the first day of August which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty and one1] award impose or inflict any paine penalty fine amercement imprisonment or other corporall punishment upon any [of3] the Kings Subjects for any contempt misdemeanor crime offence matter or thing whatsoever belonging to Spirituall or Ecclesiasdcall cognizance or Jurisdiction or shall ex officio or at the instance or promotion of any other person whatsoever urge enforce tender give or minister unto any Churchwarden Sydeman or other person whatsoever any corporall Oath whereby he or shee shall or may be charged or obliged to make any presentment of any crime or offence or to confesse or to accuse him or her seife of any crime offence deHnquende or misdemeanour or any neglect matter or thing whereby or by reason whereof he or shee shall or may be lyable or exposed to any censure pain penaltie or punishment whatsoever upon paine and penal tie that every person who shall offend contrary to this Statute shall forfeit and pay trebble damages to every person thereby greived and the sum of one hundred pounds to him or them who shall first demaund and sue for the same which said trebble damages and sum of one hundred pounds shall and may be demanded and recovered by Action of Debt Bill or Plaint in any Court of Record wherein no privnedge Essoine protestion or wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed to the Defendant.

And be it further enacted That every person who shall be once convicted of any act or offence prohibited by this Statute shall for such act or offence be from and after such conviction utterly disabled to be or continue in any office or imployment in any Court of Justice whatsoever or to exercise or execute any power authority or Jurisdiction by force of any Commission or Letters Patents of the King his Heires or Successors.

[And be it further Enacted That from and after the said first day of August no new Court shall be erected ordered or appointed within this Realme of England or Dominion of Wales which shall or may have the like power jurisdiction or authoritie as the said High Commission Court now hath or pretendeth to have But that all and every such Letters Patents Commissions and Grants made or to be made by his Majestie his Heires or Successors and all powers and authorities granted or pretended or mentioned to be granted thereby and all Acts Sentences and Decrees to be made by vertue or colour thereof shall be utterly void and of none effect.1]

High Commission Court

u» d to fine tnd imprison, and other Mischiefs hare ensued therefrom.

The said Branch of i Eliz. c. a. repealed.

II.

Archbishops, Bishops, and otbef Ecclesiastical Persons and Courts not to infliff Penalties, Corporal Punishment* &o.

nor administer any Oath ex officio.

Penalty, Treble Damages, and One hundred Pounds.

III.

Offenders conri&ed disabled from any Office or Employment by the lung's Commission or Letters Patents.

IV.

No new Court to be erected with the like Power.

1 fra. 1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 5 interlined on the Roll.

114

16° Car. I. c. 12.

A.D. 164Q.

CHAPTER Xn.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums of money paiable uppon Merchandizes

exported & imported. (*)

WHEREAS uppon examina£6n in this present Parliament of divers of the Farmo?s Customers and Collectors of the Customes uppon Merchandize and likewise uppon theire owne confession it appeared that they have taken divers great Sums of Monie of his Ma'f Subjects and likewise of Merchants aliens for Goods imported and exported by the Names of A Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage, and by colour of divers other ImposiC6ns laide uppon Merchandize w* have beene taken and received against the Lawes of the Realme in regard the said Sums of Monie and imposiCbns were not granted by comon consent in Parliament, and [for soe doeing [havel] deserved condigne punishment: Bee it therefore declared & enacted by the Kings most excellent Ma(k< and the Lords & Comons in this present Parliament assembled, And it is hereby declared and enacted that it is and hath bin the auncient right of the subjects of this Realme that noe Subsidie [Custome1] Impost or other charge whatsoever ought or may bee laid or imposed uppon anie merchandize exported or imported by Subjects Denizens or Aliens wthout . comon consent in Parliam* Yet nevertheles the Comons (before whome theis examinaebns were taken) takeing into their considerac&n the great perill that might ensue to this Realme by the not guarding of the Seas and the other inconveniencf w* might follow in case the said sums of monie should uppon the suddaine bee forborne to bee paid, by and w* the advise and consent of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by and Alien* exported the authority of the same Doe give and grant to our Supreame Leige Lord and Soveraigne One Subsidy called

and imported, iad.

Grant of Tonnage, viz.

Wine imported,

3*. per Ton.

Several Winea imported by Merchant Alien,

3*. per Ton, See. Rhenish Wine imported, iad. per Aw me.

Grant of Poundage, viz.

Merchandize of Merchant Denizens

for every a os. worth. The like Duty on

Proviso for Woollen Cloths manufactured here and exported by Denizens.

Proviso for Wools and Leather exported, and for Wines not before mentioned, and for Fresh Fish and Bestial imported# ii.

Tonnage, (that is to say) Of everie Tonn of Wyne that is or shall come into this Realme or anie your Ma*f Doions by way of Merchandize the sum of three shillings and soe after that rate And of every Tonn of Sweete Vcssdscxport^dby ^Y1168 aswe^ Malmesey as other, that is or shall come into this Realme by anie Merchant Alien three shillings Merchant Aliens.7 and soe after the rate over and above the three shillings above menfbned And of everie awme of Rhenish Wyne that is or shall soe come in twelve pence And alsoe one other subsidy called Poundage, (that is to say) Of all manner of Goods and Merchandized of everie Merchant Denizen and Alien carried or to be carryed out of this Realme or any his Ma'f Doions or to be brought into the same by way of Merchandize of the value of every twenty shillings of the same Goods and Merchandize twelve pence soe after the rate, and of every twenty shillings value of tynn and Pewter Vessell carryed out of this Realme by every or anie Merchant Alien twelve pence over and above the twelve pence aforesaid Except and foreprized out of this Grant of Subsidie of Poundage all manner of Woollen Cloth made or wrought or w4* shall be made or wrought w^in this Realme of England, and by everie or any Merchant Denizen and not borne Alien carried or to be carried out of this Realme And all maner of Woollf Woolfellf Hides and Backs of Leather, that is or shalbe carried out of this Realme and Dcnizcns^forWool, Wynes not before lymitted to pay Subsidy or Tonnage, And all maner of Fresh Fish or Bestiall coming or that 338. 4a. per Sack, shall come into this Realme.

tod for for every 240 Woolf ells

33*-4^* , t And further the said Commons by the advise assent and authority aforesaid Do give and grant unto o?

and for Hides and ... r> . r # P .. ,

Backs *£3. 6s. 8d. said Leige Lord oi Soveraigne for the causes aforesaid, one other Subsidie that is to say Of every Merchant borne

5n Merchant Denizen of and for everie Sack of Wooll thirtie three shillingf foure pence, and of and for everie two hundred

Aliens, for Wool, and sortie Woolfellf thirtie three shillingf and foure pence and of and for everie Last of Hides and Backs three

&wkfand forgery P°un(^s six shillings eight pence, and so after the same rate for everie lesse or greater quantide for any the same

24° Woolfell* Merchandize more or lesse And of every Merchant stranger not borne denizen of and for everie sack of Wooll

Three Pounds six Shillingf and eight Pence And of and for everie two hundred and sortie Woolfellf Three

Pounds six [Shillingf *] and eight Pence, and for everie Last of Hides and Backs Three Pounds thirteen Shillingf

foure pence, and so of all the said Woollf Woolfellf Hydes and Backs and of everie of them after the rate

And such other somes of money as have been ymposed upon any Merchandize either outward or inward by ptext

imported by virtue of any tres Patentf C5mission under the Great Seale of England or Privie Seale since the first yeare of the raigne

einceTjac of his late Malie King James of Blessed Memory and w4* were continued and paid at the beginning of this psent

and which were Parliam*. To have take enjoy and perceive the subsidies aforesaid and other the fore tnenc6ned sums and everie of

at the ginnin^of the111 and everie part and parcell of them to our said leige Lord and Soveraigne from the fifteenth of July One

this Parliament. thousand six hundred fourty one to the tenth [Day1] of August next ensueing.

*3. 6s. 8d. and for Hides and Backs j&3.13s. 4d, per Last; and also all Duties on Merchandize exported -or

Subsidy and Monies And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage Woolls

employedAft an^ other sums of money shall bee taken and imployed dureing the time aforesaid to and for the intentf and under the Provision purposes and uppon and under such provisions clauses and limitacbns as are contained in one Act made in the of 1 Jac. I. c. 33. Parliament held in the first yeare of the raigne of his said late Matl* King James of Blessed Memorie intituled An Act for the granting of a Subsidy to the King of Tonnage Poundage Woolls &c.

IV.

The above Rate* And It is hereby declared [that ye sums of money hereby granted1] uppon Merchandize are not the rates intended

shalT besought fit to hee continued but the same to be hereafter in this present Parliam* altered in such manner as shall bee thought fitt:

1 From the Original in the Parliament Office. This Act is not upon the Roll. * interlined O.

AJ),\640.

16° Car. I. c. 12,IS,

115

Provided that noe Penalty or Forfeiture contained in this present Act or in the said Act made in the first yeare of King James doe or shall ensue to any person or persons unles they refuse to compound for anie Merchandize or Goods imported or exported after notice given of this Act Penalties and Forfeiture by Proclamation where the said Goods are or ought to be entred.

And It is further enacted that any Customer or Comptroller or anie other Officer or person that after the determination of this Grant shall take or receive or cause to be taken or received the said subsidy sums of money or any ocher imposition uppon Merchandize whatsoever exported or imported except the same by Grant in Parliament bee due or by such Grant shall become due, or have bin condnuallie paid from the end of the raigne of the late King Edward the Third untill the begining of the raigne of the late Queene Mary shall incurr and sustaine the paines penalties and forfeitures ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the sixteenth yeare of King Richard the Second and shall alsoe from thencefourth bee disabled dureing his life to sue or impleade anie person in anie ActiOn reall mixt or personall or [[in1] anie Court whatsoever.

V.

Officer, Arc. after the Determination of this Grant unduly continuing to receive the Subaidy.

Premunire.

Provided alwaies That this Act shall not extend to anie Imposition or charge uppon anie sort of Tobacco of English Plantation but that the said Tobaccoes shall bee charged onely w* the payment of two pence in the pound and noe more.

VI.

Proviso for Tobacco of English Plantations.

CHAPTER XIU.

An Act for the securing of such moneys as are or shall be due to the Inhabitants of the Countie of Yorke and the other adjoyning Counties wherein his Majesties Army is or hath beene billetted for the billet of the Souldiers of the said Army as also to certein Officers of the said Army who do forbear part of theire pay according to an Order in that behalfe made in the Commons House of Parliament this present Session for such part of theire pay as they shall so forbeare.

F)RASMUCH as diverse of the Inhabitants of the severall Counties of Yorke Lincolne Nottingham and other adjoyning Counties in the severall places where his Majesties Armie is and hath beene quartered and billetted for his Majesties service have at theire great charges and to their much impoverishment kept and mainteined the said Army for certame moneths by past without any payment or satisfaction for the same And whereas they the said Inhabitants of the said severall Counties have beene desired and are contented to forbeare the moneys due and to be due to them respectively for the said Billett untill the moneth of November next (if there be not meanes to pay and discharge the same in the meane time) And Whereas diverse of the Officers of the said Armie are likewise contented to forbeare some part of theire pay according to an order in that behalfe made in the Commons House of Parliament this present Session untill the time aforesaid To the end therefore that both the said Inhabitants and the said Officers may be secured for the true payment of the said moneys accordingly and to avoide or decide all differences and controversies which might arise upon the severall accounts betweene the said Inhabitants and the Souldiers for the certaintie of the said Billett money May it please your Most Excellent Majestie that it may be enacted And be it enacted by your Most Excellent Majestie the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same that all and every the sum or sums of money which now are or before the time of payment of the said Billett money shall appeare to*be due and owing either to the said Inhabitants or any of them for the Billett of the said Armie or any part thereof or to any of the said Officers according to the said Order shall upon the tenth day of November next coming or sooner if there be meanes to doe it be well and truely paid and discharged to the severall persons to whom the same are or shall be due respectively out of the moneys which shall be raised by vertue of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament intituled An Act for the speedy provision of money for the disbanding the Armies and setling the Peace of the two Kingdomes of England and Scotland by the Treasurers or persons appointed by that Act for the receipt of the moneys soe to be raised or by such other wayes and meanes as the House of Commons shall thinke fit and appoint in manner and form following that is to say that the persons appointed by the said Act for the receipt of such part of the said Moneys as is by vertue thereof payable at the Chamber in the Citie of Yorke shall out of the same at or in the said Chamber upon the said tenth day of November or sooner if there be meanes to doe it) well and truly pay unto the hands of Sir William Lister Sir Gervase Cutler Sir Arthur Ingram the Younger and Sir John Ramsden Knights John Kay and Peter Jennings Esquires or to any two or more of them all such moneys as are or shall be due as aforesaid to the severall Inhabitants of the West Riding of the said County of Yorke respectively for the said Billett money To the hands of Sir Marmaduke Wyvell Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Darley Knight Bryan Stapleton John Cahrerley Henry Anderson John Dodsworth the Younger James Pennyman William Calye and Francis Lassells Esquires or to any two or more of them all such moneys as are or shall be due as aforesaid to the severall Inhabitants of the North Riding of the said County of Yorke and of such places within the County of Durham where any of his Majesties said Army is or hath been quartered or billetted respectively for the Billet of the said Souldiers To the hands of John Legard of Gaunton Richard Remington Christopher Appleyard Francis Munckton and Edward Paler Esquires or to any two or more of them all such moneys as are or shall be due as aforesaid to the severall Inhabitants of the East Riding of the said County of Yorke respectively for the said Billett money To the hands of Lancelot Roper James Watkinson and Nicholas Denman Gentlemen or to any two of them all such

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. p. a. jiar.9.

Recital that several Counties have been at great Charges by the billetting of Soldiers, and that the Inhabitants have agreed to forbear Payment till November; and that divert Officers of the Army have in like Manner agreed to forbear Payment of their Pay.

Such Monies and Pay to be paid oat of Monies raised under c. 9. ante.

Mode of Payment, and Persons by whom made, for the several Counties and Placet herein mentioned, viz. Chamber of the City of York;

West Riding of Yorkshire j

North Riding of Yorkshire, and Places in the County of Durham;

East Riding of Yorkshire;

16° Car. I. c. 13, 14.

A.D. 1640.

Km^tton-upon-

City of York;

County of Lincoln. County of Nottinghtm;

to be paid according to Certificates ; Rate for Foot Soldiers, 3s. per Week.

Horsemen 7s. 6d. per Week, unless Agreement. Officers of Horse and Foot, such Rates as shall be set by the Lord General of the Army and the Lord Lieutenant of the County of York.

n.

Acquittances by the above Persons a Discharge to the Parties paying.

III.

Persons who shall receive the Monies to arise under c. 9. ante, payable in London, to pay thereout the Monies due to the Officers, to the Treasurer of the Army, whose

Acquittance to be a Discharge.

moneys as are or shall be due a? aforesaid to the severall Inhabitants of the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull respectively for the Billett of the said Souldiers To the hands of Sir William Fairfaxe and Sir Thomas Harrison Knights John Geldart Merchant and Robert Knight Grocer or to any three of them all such moneys as are or shall be due as aforesaid to the severall Inhabitants of the said City of Yorke and County of the same respectively for the said Billett money To the hands of Sir William Pelham Knight Willoughbie Hickman Charles Pelham and Thomas Sanderson Esquires or any twoe or more of them all such moneys as are or shall be due as aforesaid to the severall Inhabitants of the said County of Lincoln respectively for the said Billett Money. And to the hands of John Nevile Anthony Ayre William Moseley and William Sanderson Esquires or to any two or more of them all such moneys as are or shall be due as aforesaid to the severall Inhabitants of the County of Nottingham respectively for the said Billett money And that the said moneys so to be paid and every part thereof shall be paid according to the Certificates for soe much as is already certainly certified and for the residue after the rate of three shillings by the weeke for every common foot Souldier as shall appeare due by a certificate to be taken upon the disbanding unlesse where it shall appeare that there hath beene some expresse agreement for an other rate and for the Horsemen after the rate of seaven shillings and six pence by the weeke for every Common Souldier and his horse unlesse where it shall appeare that there hath beene expresse agreement for another rate And for the Officers both of Horse and

Foot such rates as shall be set downe by the Lord Generali of the Army and the Lord Leiutenant of the County

of Yorke.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the Acquittances of so many and such of the said

persons above named for the receipt of the said Moneys due to the said severall Inhabitants of the severall Counties

and Places above mentioned as shall receive the same respectively as aforesaid shall be sufficient discharges to and for the said persons from whom they shall [soe1] receive the same by vertue of this Act for such severall sums of money as they shall so receive respectively

And be it likewise further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the persons who shall by vertue of the said recited Act receive such part of the said moneys as is thereby payable at or in the Chamberlaines Office in Guildhall within the City of London shall out of the same at or in the said Chamberlaines Office upon the said tenth day of November (or sooner if there be meanes to doe it) pay to the hands of Sir William Uvedall Knight Treasurer of his Majesties said Army all such moneys as are or shall be due as aforesaid to the severall Officers of the said Army who shall forbear the same according to the Order above mentioned And that the Acquittances of the said Sir William Uvedall shall be a sufficient discharge for what he shall soe receive.

R*i. Pat I. 16 Car* P* 2. mi. 10.

Ship-Writr.

Certiorariei.

Mittimus.

Scire Facias against JohnHampden, Esq.

Demurrer.

Overruled.

Reasons of the Judges for oyemiling Demurrer.

Extrajudicial

Opinion.

Judgment recited.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for the declaring unlawfull and void the late proceedings touching Ship money and for the vacating

of all Records and Processe concerning the same.

WHEREAS diverse Writs of late time issued under the Great Seale of England commonly called Shipwrits for the charging of the Ports Towns Cities Boroughs and Counties of this Realme respectively to provide and furnish certain Ships for his Majesties Service And whereas upon the Execution of the same Writs and Retumes of Certioraries thereupon made and the sending the same by Mittimus into the Court of Exchequer Processe hath beene thence made against sundry Persons pretended to be charged by way of Contribution for the making up [of1] certaine Sums assessed for the providing of the said Shipps and in especiall in Easter Terme in the thirteenth yeare of the Reign of our Soveraign Lord the King that now is a Writ of Scire facias was awarded out of the Court of Exchequer to the then Sheriffe of Buckingham Shire against John Hampden Esquire to appeare and shew cause why he should not be charged with a certaine sum so assessed upon him upon whose appearance and demurrer to the proceedings therein the Barons of the Exchequer adjourned the same Case into the Exchequer Chamber where it was solemnly argued divers dayes and at length it was there agreed by the greater part of all the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas and of the Barons of the Exchequer there assembled that the said John Hampden should be charged with the said Sum so as aforesaid assessed on him The main grounds and reasons of the said Justices and Barons which so agreed being that when the good and safety of the Kingdome in generall is concerned and the whole Kingdome in danger the King might by Writ under the Great Seale of England command all the Subjects of this his Kingdome at theire charge to provide and furnish such number of Ships with Men Viduals and Munition and for such time as the King should thinke fit for the defence and safegard of the Kingdome from such danger and perill and that by Law the King might compell the doing thereof in case of refusall or refra&arinesse and that the King is the sole Judge both of the danger and when and how the same is to be prevented and avoided according to which grounds and reasons all the Justices of the said Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas and the said Barons of the Exchequer having beene formerly consulted with by His Majesties command had set theire hands to an extrajudiciall opinion expressed to the same purpose which opinion with theire names thereunto was also by his Majesties command inrolled in the Courts of Chancery Kings Bench Common Pleas and Exchequer and likewise entred among the Remembrances of the Court of Star chamber and according to the said agreement of the said Justices and Barons Judgement was given by the Barons of the Exchequer That the said John Hampden should be charged with the said Sum so assessed on him And whereas some other

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 14,15.

JIT

Actions and Procease depend and have depended in the said Court of Exchequer and in some other Courts against

ocher persons for the like kinde of charge grounded upon the said Writs commonly called Shipwrits a)! which Writs

and proceedings as aforesaid were utterly against the Law of the Land Be it therefore declared and Enacted by the Ship-Writ* sod

Kings most Excellent Majesty and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Sow^fcoDtrery

Authority of the same That the said charge imposed upon the Subject for the providing and furnishing of Ships to Law.

commonly called Shipmoney and the said extrajudiciall opinion of the said Justices and Barons and the said Writs

and every of them and the said agreement or opinion of the greater part of the said Justices and Barons and the

said Judgement given against the said John Hampden were and are contrary to and against the Laws and Statutes

of this Realm the right of property the libertie of the Subjects former resolutions in Parliament and the Petition

of Right made in the third yeare of the Reign of his Majestie that now is

And it is further declared and Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every the particulars prayed of desired in the said Petition of Right shall from henceforth be put in execution accordingly and shall be firmely and striCUy holden and observed as in the same Petition they are prayed and expressed and that all and every the Records and remembrances of all and every the Judgement Inrolments Entry and proceedings as aforesaid and all and every the proceedings whatsoever upon or by pretext or colour of any of the said Writs cdmonly called Shipwrits and all and every the Dependents on any of them shall be deemed and adjudged to all intents constructions and purposes to be utterly void and disannulled and that all and every the said Judgement Inrolments Entries Proceedings and Dependents of what kind soever shall be vacated and cancelled in such manner and form as Records use to be that are vacated.

II.

St. j Car. I. Petition of Right to be obterrea.

Judgments and Proceedings touching Shio-Writs, and all Entries, Record* and Inrolments thereof made roi<L

CHAPTER XV.

An Act against diverse Incroachments and Oppressions in the Stannarie Courts. Rot. Parl. 16 Car.

p. 2. ft*. II.

WHEREASKing Edward the first of famous memory did for the Amendment of the Stannaries in the Countie E. I. Charter to

of Devon grant diverse Franchises and Liberties to the Tynners there And whereas in the Parliament in the Tinnc^, DeToa-

fiftieth yeare of King Edward the third upon the Petition of the Commons of the Countie of Devon certaine Branches

and Articles of the said Charter were explained in manner following That is to say whereas one Article of the said

Charter is in these words following viz. Sciatis nos ad emendationem Stannariarum nostrap in Com Devofi ad Ex^Wned

tranquilitatem et utilitatem Stannatop nrop pdfop earundem Concessisse pro nobis et heredib} nris Quod omnes

Stannatores p>ddri operantes in Stannariis illis que sunt Dominica nra dum operantur in eisdem Stannariis liberi sint et

quieri de placitis nadvop et de omnib} placitis et querelis Curiam nram et heredum nrop qualitercunqs tangen Ita

quod non respondeant coram aliquib3 Jusdciariis vel Ministris nris seu heredu nrop de aliquo placito seu querela

infra pVli&as Stannarias emerges nisi coram Custode nro Stannariap nfap jpddap qui pro tempore suit (except

placitis terr vite et membrop) nec recedant ab operarionib} suis per summoniCbnem alicujus Ministrop nrop seu

heredu nrop nisi per summoni&nem communem dci Custodis nri Et quod quieri sint de omnib} tallag Theolofi

stallag auxiliis et aliis custumis quibuscunqs in villis portul>3 feriis et mercaris infra Cofii p*d de bonis suis ppriis &c.

Whereupon the said Commons prayed a Declaration as followeth: Requeste Sur qoi plese declarer si auters persons Request of the

q les Esteymos onerantz in les Estemeryes avont et enjoyeront la franchise gnte per la dite chartre du Roy desicome

la dite chartre voet Quod omnes Stannatores p>ddi operantes in Stannariis illis sint liberi See. Et auters psons q les

onours cestassavoir los Maistres que les lovent et los servants et auters claymont mesme la Franchise Et auxint plese

declarer si les ditz onours y avont les Franchises in auters temps q quant ils avSnt in mesme Lestemery desicome la

chre voet Dum operantur in eisdem Stannariis sint liberi &c. Upon which request answer was made as followeth Answer.

Respoos En droit de les dites paroles operantes in Stannariis illis et dum operantur in eisdem Stannariis. Soient

derement entenduz de operariis laboranrib} duntaxat in Stannariis illis sine fraude et dolo et non de aliis nec alibi

laboranrib} And whereas the said Commons prayed a further Declaration as followeth Requeste Item soit declarrez Further Request

si le Gardein de Lestemery puisse tenir plee inter Esteymo et Forreyn de querele sourdante aillos q en les lieux ou of * ^ommonK

ils sont onantz desicome la Chre voet. Quod Custos noster pd&is vel ejus locum tenens teneat omnia placita inter

Stannatores pWdos emerged et eriam inter ipsos et alios forinsecos de omnib} transgression^ querelis et contra&ib}

hfids in locis in quib3 operantur infra Stannarias pPddas similiter emergen See. Quar il rient plee des rieux quereles

sourdantz in chescune parte deins le dit Counte. Upon which answer was made in these words viz. Resp. Et en Answer.

droit de ceste Article se ent extend la Jurisdiction clerement solone les paroles del dit Chre Cestassavoir In locis

obi iidem operarii operantur et nemy aillours ne en autre manere Which Charter so declared was repeated again 8 ^ jj charter to

And in the eighth yeare of the Rrigne of King Richard the second commanded to be put in execution And be executed.

whereas the said King Edward the first made the like Charter to the Tynners in the Countie of Cornwall which The like Charter to o / Tinners hi Cornw

Charter was in the foresaid Parliament upon the request of the Commons of the County of Cornwall declared in

the same manner and words. And whereas the Tynners of the Counties of Devon and Cornewall have by vertue Dwbi^on^thst

of the said Charters enjoyed diverse and great Liberties and are quit from all Tolls Tallages Aydes and other ^ jjeron hare

Customes in the Villes Ports Fairs and Markets within the said Counties respectively Which great Liberties do of enj°7«d Libertie*.

right belong to the working Tynner working without fraud or deceit in the Stannaries aforesaid and not to any

other nor else where working and were granted to the said Tynners for theire encouragement in theire works And

whereas of late yeares sundry Inhabitants within the said Countyes and others to entitle themselves to the said

Hh

16° Car. I. c. 15.

A.D. 1«40.

The former Declarations confirmed.

In locis ubi operantur, how expounded.

None but Tinners to be sued, unlers by workingTinners.

Oath by Plaintiff.

Persons not Tinners sued by others not Tinners shall have their Action.

Such Action to be brought within Two Years, or before the Warden, &c.

Liberties have by fraud and covine for small or no considerations bought & acquired and do buy and acquire to themselves decayed Tynneworkes and small and inconsiderable parts in the same and other Tynneworks which abuses are done principally to inable the said false and fained Tynners to vex and sue theire Neighbors in the Stannary Courts where for the most part the Defendant is unjustly debarred his costs although the cause be adjudged with him md die Jurisdiction of the said Stannaries hath contrary to ancient right and usage and the said Charters been endeavoured to be extended out of the places where the Tynners doe worke through the whole Counties of Devon and Cornwall respectively which is no way for the benefit of his Majestie but for the singular lucre of some private persons And whereas by the said abuses great inconveniences doe follow (That is to say) the Inhabitants of the said Counties are miserably vexed oppressed and imprisoned His Majesty defrauded of His Aides and Customes and the Lords and Owners of Faires Markets and other Franchises of their Tolls and Duties and the Government of the Countrey exceedingly confounded and eluded the said false and fained Tynners claiming when they list to be Tynners and when they list to bee forreiners besides that if timely provision be not made the certaine decay of his Majesties profit in the Tynneworkes will ensue for that the same being divided into so many hands and parts cannot conveniently be set on worke nor Contribution raised for the working the same Be it therefore Enacted by his Majestie and the Lords Spirituall and Tempo rail and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled That the said Declarations be henceforth held and duely observed with this that the words of the said Charters and Declarations In lods ubi operantur be expounded of the Vill Tithing and Hamlet where some Tynne worke in worke is scituate and not else where and no longer then the same Tynne worke is or shall be in working And if any person or persons that shall be sued in the said Stannaries shall swear or tender his or theire Oath in the said Court where he or they shall be sued that he or they are not nor is nor time of the Suit commenced was not nor were a Tynner or Tynners then such Defendant or Defendants shall be forthwith discharged of such Suit unlesse that the Plaintiffe or Plaintiffs do forthwith make Oath that the said Plaintiffe or Plaintiffs is or are true and working Tynners without fraud or deceit and that the cause of his or theire Suit arose within the said Stannaries or concemeth Tynne or Tynne works And if any person being not re vera and without fraud a working and labouring Tynner in or about some Tynne worke set on worke within one halfe yeare next before his Suit shall sue prosecute or implead in any the

said Courts or before the Warden Vice Warden or Steward of the said Stanaries any Person or Persons that is or

are not a Tynner or Tynners at the time of such Suit c5menced Then the Defendant and Defendants [[in1] every such case shall have his. and theire Action at the Common Law against such person suing or prosecuting wherein he

shall recover ten pounds and his dammages and costs of Suit Provided that such Action be brought within two

yeares next after the Action or Suit brought in the said Stannary Courts or before the said Warden Vice Warden or Steward.

II.

Cott* in Stannary Courts.

And be it declared and enacted That in all cases where the Plaintiffe or Defendant Plaintiffes or Defendants are to have costs by the Lawes or Statutes of this Realm there alsoe the Plaintiffs and Defendants shall have the like costs in the Stannarie Courts

HI.

Tinners may sue Foreigners at the Common Law.

IV.

Abuses by Poor Bailiffs in the Stannaries recited.

How Sureties «nay be sued.

V.

Execution sometimes had before Arrest.

No Defendant condemned on Bailiff's Return, unless on a Note subscribed by Party.

Ho Bail, unless Note given.

VI.

Return of Reseous.

And in regard that the said Charters were granted for the ease and advantage of the Tynners and not for theire disadvantage or oppression and yet diverse of them who for speciall reasons have desired to sue at the Common Law have beene restrained Bee it declared and Enacted That it shall be lawfiill to and for the said Tynners if they thinke fit to sue any Forreiners at the Common Law the said Charter or any usage to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas the Bailiffs of the said Stannary Courts are very numerous and are persons of small or no credit and yet upon their return that any person is become Surety for any other upon Arrest by Proces out of the said Courts such person who sometimes knowes nothing of the matter is by false Returns of the said Bayliffes made lyable to the debt or demand which Bailiffes by reason of theire poverty are often not responsible and so the party without remedie Be it Enacted That no Person or Persons be charged or troubled as surety by any Return of any Bayliffe or Bailiffes of the said Stannaries unlesse that the person or persons returned Surety or Sureties shall in the presence of two witnesses subscribe or signe a Note in writing that such person or persons is or are become Surety or Sureties which Note shall mention the names of the Plaintiffes and Defendants in the Suit and the sum or dammages in demand and the nature of the Action and shall be signed or subscribed by the said Witnesses and returned and filed in the Court out of which such Processe shall issue and no Bailiffe or Bailiffs of the said Stannaries shall be admitted as witnesses to any such Note.

And whereas in the said Stannaries it is used that if the Bailiffs return any Person arrested that if such person make default at the day he shall be condemned and Execution is suddenly awarded when as often the party was not arrested. Be it further enacted That no Defendant shall be condemned upon such Return for not appearing unlesse alsoe a Note under the Hand or Signe of the partie arrested and subscribed by two such Witnesses as aforesaid be returned into the said Court at or before die day of Appearance and the said Bailiffe or Bailiffs shall take but foure pence for every such Note as aforesaid and it is provided that none shall be bailed upon afrest there till he give such Note.

And in case any the said Bailiffe or Bailiffs shall return a Reseous against any Person or Persons he or they shall be admitted to Traverse the said Return which Traverse if it be found with him or them so traversing then he or they shall be no further troubled or occasioned by reason of such return.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1640.

16* Car. 1. c. 16.

119

a

CHAPTER XVL

An Act for the certainty of Forrests and of the Meers Meets Limits & Bounds of the Forrests.

M A f HE REAS by AS of Parliament made in the first yeare of the Reign of the late King Edward the third it ww is ordained That the old Perambulation of the Forrest in the time of King Edward the first should be thenceforth holden in like forme as it was then ridden and bounded and in such places where it was not bounden the King would that it should be bounded by good Men and lawfull And whereas for many Ages past certaine Meets Monros Limits and Bounds of the Forrests have beene commonly knowne & observed in the severall Counties wherein the said Forrests lie. And whereas of late divers Presentments have beene made and some Judgements given whereby the Meetes Mem Limits and Bounds of some of the said Forrests have beene variously extended or pretended to extend beyond some of the said Meets Meers Limits and Bounds so commonly known and formerly observed to the great greivance and vexation of many persons having Lands adjoyning to the said Meetes Meers Limits and Bounds so comonly knowne and formerly observed And whereas of late time some Endeavours or Pretentes have beene to set on foot Forrests in some parts of this Realme and the Dominion of Wales where in truth none have been or ought to bee or at least have not been used of long time For remedy thereof May it please your most Excellent Majestie that (*) be declared and enacted by Authority of Parliament And be it declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoride of the same That from henceforth the Meets Meers Limits and Bounds of all and every the Forrests respectively shall be to all intents and purposes taken adjudged and deemed to extend no further respectively then the Meets Meeres Limits & Bounds which in the severall Coundes respectively wherein the said Forrests doe lie were comonly known reputed used or taken to be the Meets Meers Limits and Bounds of the said Forrests respectively in the twentieth yeare of the Reigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King James and not beyond in any wise any Perambulation or Perambulations Presentments Extents Surveys Judgments Records Decrees or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding And that all and every the Presentments since the said twentieth yeare made and all and every other Presentment and Presentments and all and every Judgement and award upon or by reason or pretext of any such Presentment or Presentments and all and every Perambulation & Perambulations Surveys Extents and other Act and Acts at any time heretofore had or made by which the Meets Meers Limits or Bounds of the said Forrests or any of them are or are pretended to be further extended then as aforesaid And aisoe all and every Presentment of any person or persons at any Justice seat Swainemote or Court of Attachments for or by reason or by colour of any Act or Acts whatsoever done or committed in any place without or beyond the said Meets Meers Limits or Bounds respectively so comonly knowne reputed used or taken as aforesaid and all and every Fine and Fines and Amercement and Amercements upon by reason or colour of any such Presentment or Presentments shall from henceforth be adjudged deemed and taken to be utterly void and of no force or effect Any Law Statute Record or pretence whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That no place or places within this Realm of England or Dominion of Wales where no such Justice seat Swainemote or Court of Attachment have been held or kept or where no Verderers have been chosen or regard made within the space of sixtie yeares next before the first yeare of his Majesties Reigne that now is shall be at any time hereafter judged deemed or taken or taken to be Forrest or within the bounds or meets of the Forrests But the same shall be from henceforth for ever hereafter disafforrested and freed and exempted from the Forrests Laws Any Justice seat Swainemote or Court of Attachment held or kept within or for any such place or places at any time or times since the begining of his Majesties said Reigne or any presentment enquiry Ad or thing heretofore made or hereafter to be made or done to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided also and be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the better putting into certaintie all and every the Meetes Meeres Bounds and Limits of all and every the Forrests as aforesaid the Lord Chancellour or Lord Keeper of the great Seale of England for the time being shall by vertue of this Act upon request of any of the Peers of this Kingdome or of the Knights and Burgesses of the Parliament or any of them grant severall Commissions under the great Seale of England to Commissioners to be nominated respectively by the said Peers Knights and Burgesses or any of them to enquire of and find out by Inquests of good and lawfull men upon Oath and by the Oathes of Witnesses to bee produced at the said Inquests and by all other lawfull meanes all and every the Meeres Meetes Bounds and Limits of the Forrests respectively which were commonly known to be their Meers Meets Bounds and Limits respectively in the said twentieth yeare of the Reigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King James And to return the Inquests so taken into the Court of Chancerie and that all and every the Sheriffes and Bayliffes of and in everie Countie wherein any such Inquests shall be soe to be taken And all and every the Verderers Forresters Rangers and other Officers of the Forrests respectively where any such Officers be shall be assistant and attendant to the executions of the said Commissions according as by vertue of the said Commissions respectively they shall be commanded And where no such Officers are or where such Officers be if they or any of them shall refuse or neglect such assistance and attendance as aforesaid Then the said Commissioners shall and may proceed without them in the execution of the said Commissions

Rai. Part. 16 Car, p. 2. mu* is.

i E. III. at. s. c.i. recited.

The Reasons for passing this Act.

What shall be the Metes and Bounds of Forests.

Presentments, Sec. since 20 Jac. I. contrary hereunto shall be *oid.

II.

No Place where no Justice Seat, Swainemote, Court of Attachment, &c. hath been within 60 Years, before .Car. I. shall be accounted Forest.

m.

For ascertaining of Metes, &c. Commissions under the Great Seal shall be issued.

Inquest on Oath of Witnesses.

Inquests to be returned into Chancery.

Commissioners may proceed without Officers.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Forrests whereof the Meets Meers Limits and Bounds shall be so returned and certified by vertue of any the said Commissions as aforesaid from thenceforth shall not extend nor be extended nor be deemed adjudged or taken to extend any further in any wise then the

IV.

Forests shall not extend beyond tile Metes, Src. so returned.

1 it 0.

16° Car. I. c. 16, IT.

A.D. 1640.

Places not having Mrtes, &c. declared free.

V.

Grounds

disafforested shall be excluded out of Returns of Metes, Set.

VI.

Tenants, Owners, &c. of Lands excluded, shall enjoy their ancient Common, &c.

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. p. 2. nu. 13.

Recital that a Treaty had been appointed by the King for removing of all Differences between the two Kingdoms; and a Commission issued under the Great Seal of England, with the Approbation of Parliament.

The Words of the Commission.

Recital that a Commission had been granted by the Committees of the Parliament of Scotland.

The Words thereof.

Meets Meeres Limits and Bounds that shall be so returned and certified And that all the places and Territories

that shall be without the Meets Meers Limits and Bounds so returned and certified shall be and are hereby

declared to be from thenceforth free to all intents and purposes as if the same had never been Forrest or so reputed Any Act or Acts matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

Provided and be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every the grounds Territories or places which have beene or are Deafforrested or mentioned to be Deafforrested in or by any Letters Patents Charters or otherwise since the said twentieth yeare of the Reign of our said late Soveraign Lord King James shall be excluded and left out of the Meets Meers Limits and Bounds of the Forrests which are to bee enquired of returned and certified by vertue of the said Commissions or any of them respectively And shall be and hereby are declared and Enacted to be utterly Deafforrested free and exempt to all intents and purposes as if the same had never been at all Forrest or so reputed Any thing in this present A & contained or any other A & matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided neverthelesse and be it Enacted That the Tenants Owners and Occupiers and every of them of Lands and Tenements which shall be excluded and left out of the Meetes Meeres Limits or Bounds of the Forrests to be returned and certified by vertue of any the said Commissions shall or may use and enjoye such Common and other proffits and easements within the Forrests as anciently or accustomably they have used and enjoyed Any

thing in this present Act contained or any Act or Ordinance made in the three and thirtieth yeare of King

Edward the first or any Custome or Law of the Forrest or any other matter or thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XVH.

An Act for the Pacification between England and Scotland.

WHEREAS by his Majesties Roiall Wisdome and princely care of the peace and happines of His Majesties Dominions a treaty hath beene appointed for removing [of'] all differences raised betwixt the two Kingdoms and betwixt the King and his Subjects of Scotland and for setling & assuring a firm and blessed Peace for all time to come and a Commission hath been given under the Great Seal of England with approbation of both Houses of Parliament bearing date the three and twentieth day of November in the sixteenth yeare of his Majesties reign and in the words following CHARLES by the Grace of God King of England Scotland France & Ireland Defender of the Faith &c. To our right trusty and right welbeloved Cousins Francis Earle of Bedford William Earle of Hertford Robert Earle of Essex and to our right trustie and right welbeloved Cousin and Counsellour William Earle of Salisburie and to our right trusty and right welbeloved Cousin Robert Earle of Warwick and to our right trusty and right welbeloved Cousin John Earle of Bristoll and to our right trusty and right welbeloved Cousin and Counsellour Henry Earle of Holland and to our right trusty and right welbeloved Cousin and Counsellour Thomas Earle of Berks and to our right trusty and welbeloved Philip Lord Wharton William Lord Paget Edward Lord Kimbolton Robert Lord Brook John Lord Powlet Edward Lord Howard of Escrick Thomas Lord Savile and Francis Lord Dunsmore Greeting Whereas divers of our Subjects of Scotland have by theire severall Petitions humbly besought us that we would be graciously pleased to grant unto them certain demands WE reposing spedall trust and confidence in your wisdomes and fidelities Have named assigned and appointed you And by these presents Doe name assigne and appoint you to be our Commissioners and Doe hereby give and grant unto you or any ten or more of you full power and authority to treat with John Earle of Rothess Charles Earle of Dunfermeling John Lord Lowden Sir Patrick Hepbume of Waughtone Sir William Douglas of Cavers William Drummond of Ricarton John Smith Bailiffe of Edenborough Alexander Wedderbume Clerke of Dundy Hugh Kennedy Burgesse of Aire Alexander Henderson and Archibald Johnston or any of them or any others deputed or to be deputed by our said Subjects of Scotland or nominated or to be nominated on their behalfe and to take into your serious consideration the said demands and compose conclude and end all differences arising thereupon or otherwise as you or any ten or more of you in your wisdomes shall thinke fit and whatsoever you our said Commissioners or any ten or more of you shall doe in the pWsses Wee Doe by these presents ratifie and confirme the same In Witnesswhereof we have caused these our Letters to be made Patents Witnessour selfe at Westminster the three and twentieth day of November in the sixteenth yeare of our Reign, p ipm Regem And in like manner a Commission hath been granted by the Committees of the Parliament of Scotland bearing date the last of October and fourth dayes of November 1640 yeares and in the words following. Wee the Commissioners of the Parliament of [Scoctlandl] being a full number of both the Quorums thereof undersubscrivand Forsomikell as the Kings Majestie our dread Soveraigne hes been graciously pleased upon our humble supplications to appoint ane Treatie and conference at Rippon betwixt our Commissioners choisen and sent by us for that effect and ane number of the Peers of England who accordingly met and have accorded upon certaine Articles as well anent the maintenance of our Armie as anent the cessation of Armes during the Treatie And because the time for the ensuing Parliament of England could not permit the Treatie to come to the wished conclusion there his Majestie was therefore likewise pleased to transferre the said Treatie to London where the Parliament is to hold that there these intrusted by his Majestie and the Estates of

1 interlined on the Roll.

* Scotland 0.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. IT.

121

Parliament may have the belter time and place to treat and conclude thereanent Therefore wee the said Commissioners being a foil number of both Quorums thereof under subscrivand be vertue and conforme to the Commission granted to us by the Estates of Parliament do not onely approve the said Articles already agreed upon and subscribed by our said Commissioners at Rippon but alsoe doe give by these presents full power and warrand and Commission to John Earle of Rothess Lord Lesly Charles Earle of Dunfermeling Lord Urguhart and Fivie John Lord Lowdon Sir Patrick Hepburn of Waughton Sir William Dowglas of Cavers William Drummond of Riccartone John Smith of Edenburgh [ Master'] Alexander Wedderbum of Dundy and Hugh Kennedy of Aire as Members of the Estates of Parliament And because many things may occur concerning the Church and Assemblies thereof therefore besides these of the Estates wee nominate and appoint [Master1] Alexander Henderson and [Master'] Archbald Johnston whom wee adjoyn for that effect with full power to them or any sevin of them there being alwaies two of every Estate to passe to the said City of London and there or at any other place convenient (mutually to be agreed upon) to meete and convene with any who shall be appointed by His Majesty and Estates of Parliament of England for the foresaid Treaty giveand grantand and committand like as we by these presents gives grants and commits to them in manner aforesaid foil power warrant and commission to treat consult advise determine and agree as well anent the satisfying and granting of our demands as in obtaining and securing a setled peace for all time coming conform to the instructions given to them herewith or whilk shall be sent to them hereafter by us or any one of the said Quorums at the Campe or Edenburg thereanent with power to them as said is to do every thing which may

conduce for the better and easier obtaining of our said demands and establishing a setled peace conform to

the said particular instructions in such like manner as wee might doe if we were all personally present our selves in

full number promising to hold firm and stable all and every thing our said Commissioners in manner foresaid shall

doe in the pHnisses conform to the said instructions and in case it shall be found expedient or necessary to adde any more Commissioners to the foresaid persons these who shall so be sent authorized under our hands or the full number of any [of1] the said Quorums shall have a like power and Commission be vertue of these presents with the forenamed Commissioners in sike like manner as if theire names were particular expressed herein In Witnesse whereof thir Presents are subscribed at Newcastle & Edenburgh the last of October and fourth of November 1640 yeares. Rothes Montrose Cassellis Lothian Lindesay Balmerino Naper Burghly Es Couper Thomas Hop W. Riccarton Home W. Caprinton J. Gartgirth Dundas Edward Edgar Richard Maxwell James Scott Porterfeild W. Hamilton [Master1] William Moir Ja. Sword Hew Kennedy Rutherford.

And forasmuch as by vertue of the said Commissions the Commissioners therein authorized have at length treated

and by the assistance and blessing of God have agreed upon the heads and Articles following.

Articles of the large Treaty concerning the establishing of the Peace betwixt the Kings Majesty and his people of Scotland and betwixt the two Kingdomes agreed upon by the English and Scottish Commissioners at the Citie of Westminster the seventh day of August 1641. the Scottish Commissioners having given in the Declaration following, viz.

Wee Doe still in all Loyaltie as becometh humble and dutifull Subjects acknowledge our dependande upon his Majestie as our dread Soveraigne whether his Majestie live in Scotland or in England and shall alwaies and in all

things witnesse our high respects and best affections to the Kingdome and Parliament of England according to the

strong [bonds3] of nature and religion by which the two Kingdomes are joyned under one head and Monarch yet as wee are fully assured that the Kingdome and Parliament of England is for the present far from any thought of usurpation over the Kingdome & Parliament of Scotland or theire Lawes and Liberties so for [the4] preventing the misunderstanding of the posterity and of strangers and for satisfying the scruples of others not acquainted with the nature of this Treaty and the manner of our proceedings which may arise upon our coming into England and our treating in time of Parliament We Doe by these declare and make knowne that neither by our treaty with the English nor by seeking our peace to be established in Parliament nor any other action of ours do wee acknowledge any

dependancy upon them or make them Judges to us or our Lawes or any thing that may import the smallest

prejudice to our Liberties but that wee come in a free and brotherly way by our informations to remove all doubts that may arise concerning the proceedings of our Parliament and to joyne our endeavors in what may conduce for the peace and good of both Kingdomes no otherwise then if by the occasion of the King his residence in Scotland Commissioners in the like exigence should be sent thither from England did demand that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to command that the Acts of the late Parliament may bee published in his Highnes name as our Soveraigne Lord with consent of the Estates of Parliament convened by his Majesties authority. Whereunto it is answered and agreed that forasmuch as the Kings Majestie at the humble desire of his Subjects did call and convene a Parliament to be holden at Edenborough the second day of June 1640 wherein certaine Acts were made and agreed upon which Acts his Majesty (for the peace and good of his Kingdome) is pleased to publish in his owne name

with the consent of the Estates And therefore Chmands that the said Acts bearing date the eleaventh day of June

1640 bee published with the Acts to be made in the next Session of the same Parliament and that all the said Acts aswell of the precedent as of the next Session to be holden have in all time comeing the strength of Law and to be universally received and obeyed by all the subjects of the Kingdome of Scotland. His Majestie doth in the word of a King promise the publishing of the said Acts in such sort as is above specified As for the manner of publishing the said Acts his Majesty approves that the declaration of the Estates in the begining of the Acts and the conclusion at the end may be passed in silence at the publishing of the Acts and left out in the printed Copies and if any thing shall further accurre concerning the manner of publishing the said Acts his Majesties Commissioner may then offer it to the Estates to be considered of his Majesty being most assured that the Estates of Parliament will have a great care not to suffer his Majesties authority to be prejudiced in the managing of these great affaires. 3 December 1640.

Recital that, by virtue of such Commission, the Heads and Articles following had been treated and agreed upon.

First Demand, as to Publication of Acts of the late Parliament.

Answer thereto.

3 bands O.

m

16° Car. I. c. 17.

A.D. 1640.

Second Demand, and Answer thereto.

Third Demand, as to Scotchmen in England subscribing the Covenant and being compelled to take Oaths, and Answer thereto.

Fourth Demand, as to Incendiaries being liable to the Sentence of the Two Parliaments, and Answer thereto.

Fifth Demand, as to Restoration of Ships and Goods, and Answer thereto.

Sixth Demand, as to the friendly Assistance and Relief to Scotland, and Answer thereto.

The Second Demand That the Castle of Edenburgh and other strengths of the Kingdome should with the advice of the Estates of Parliament according to theire foundation be furnished and used for defence and security of the Kingdome. Is agreed unto.

The third Demand. That Scottismen within his Majesties Dominions of England and Ireland may be freed from censure for subscribing the Covenant and be no more .pressed with Oathes and subscriptions unwarranted by theire Lawes and contrary to theire Nationall Oath and Covenant approved by his Majesty. It is thereto answered and agreed in his Majesties name upon December 8. 1640. That as his Majestie hath granted your first and second demand so we do now in his Majestyes name answer to the third That all those who in his Dominions of England or Ireland have beene imprisoned forfeited or censured any other way for subscribing of the Covenant or refusing

to take any other Oath contrary to the same shall be freed of those censures and shall be fully restored to theire

liberties estates and possessions and for the time coming that the Subjects of Scotland as Subjects of Scotland shall not be constrained to any Oath contrary to the Lawes of that Kingdome and the religion there established, but such of the Kingdome of Scotland as shall transport themselves into the Kingdomes of England or Ireland and there be setled Inhabitants either by way of having Inheritance or Freehold or by way of setled Trades (by which the way of trading of the Factors of Merchants nor of Merchants themselves is not to be understood) shall be subject to the Lawes of England or Ireland and to the Oathes established by the Lawes and Acts of Parliament in the said

Kingdomes respectively wherein they live and have theire ordinary and constant residence and not otherwise and the

English and Irish shall have the like priviledge in Scotland. December 8. 1640.

To the fourth Demand Craving that his Majesty may be graciously pleased to declare as an Act of his Royall Justice serving much to his own honour for the establishing of his Throne and for the good and peace of both Kingdomes that whoesoever shall be found upon triall and examination by the Estates of either of the two Parliaments (they judging against the persons subject to theire owne authority) to have been the authours and causers of the late and present troubles and combustion whether by labouring to make and foment division betwixt the King and his people or betwixt the two Nations or any other way shall be lyable to the censure and sentence of the said Parliaments respectively conform to the paper of December 9. 1640. It is answered upon the eleventh of December 1640. That his Majestie beleeveth that he hath none such about him and therefore concerning that point he can make no other declaration then that he is just and that all his Courts of Justice are free and open to all men his Parliament in this Kingdome is now sitting and the current Parliament of Scotland neere approaching the time of theire meeting to either of which he doth not prohibit any of his subjects to present theire just greivances or complaints of whatsoever nature each medling and judging against the persons subject to theire owne authoride 11 December 1640. It is further answered upon the said eleventh of December 4414 to the fourth demand concerning Incendiaries that his Majestie beleeveth he hath none such about him therefore concerning that point he can make no other declaration then that he is just and that all his Courts of Justice are free and open to all men his Parliament in this Kingdome is now sitting and the current Parliament in Scotland neere approaching the time of their meeting in neither of which respective he doth not prohibit the Estates to proceed in trying and judgeing of whatsoever of his Subjects And Whereas It was further demanded that as his Majestie would not hinder any of his Subjects to be tryed and judged by the Parliament so that none after the sentence of the Parliament should have accesse to his Majestie or be maintained or enjoy places or Offices and have credit or authoritie to inform and advise his Majestie conform to the paper of December 23. 1640. It is declared in his Majesties name upon December 30. 44tt ^)es^e h*s Majesties former answer his Majestie hath commanded us to declare in his name that he will not imploy any person or persons in Office or place that shall be judged incapable by sentence of Parliament nor will he make use of .theire service without the consent of Parliament nor grant them accesse to his person whereby they may interrupt or disturbe that firme peace which he now so much desireth he being confident that they'will proceed in a faire and just way and according to their severall professions with that respect to his honour which in reason he may expect from good and dutifull subjects 30 December 1640.

The fifth demand. That theire Ships and Goods and all damage thereof may be restored. Is condescended unto

and to be reciprocall that all Ships and Goods taken at Sea or stayed in Ports with damage be restored on both sides and that some summarie course be agreed upon for the performance thereof upon [the'] demands of the particulars on both sides conform to the paper of December 30. 1640. And further it was agreed upon the seventh of January |£4r that all Ships taken and stayed should be reciprocally restored on both Sides and that the Scottish Commissioners having informed that about fourscore ships of Scotland are yet stayed in the Ports and are like to suffer much

further losse and damage if they shall not be delivered into some hands who may have care of them It is agreed

for the more speedy expecting of the Scottish Shipps and that the owners thereof be not longer damnified by the want of them that warrants shall be presently granted for delivery of all theire ships and that four thousand pounds be presently advanced for Caulking Sail Cordage and other necessaries for helping the present setting forth of the said Ships And for the rest of this Article when it shall come in the sixt demand it shall be agreed unto septimo January 44*4

To the sixt demand Concerning the losses which the Kingdome of Scotland hath sustained and the vast charges they have beene put unto by the occasion of the late troubles and the reparations desired from the justice and kindnes of the Kingdome of England toward releife thereof in manner and upon the Grounds expressed in the paper of the seaventh of January 44*4. It is answered that this House thinks fit that a freindly assistance and releife shall be given towards supply of the losses and necessities of the Scots and that in due time this House will

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. IT.

123

r ■ —

take into consideration the measure and manner of it conforme to the paper of the two and twentieth of January 44*4 And further the Parliament upon the third of February did declare that they did conceave that the sum of three hundred thousand pounds is a fit proportion of that freindly assistance and releife formerly thought fit to be given towards supply of the losses and necessities of theire brethren of Scotland and that the House would in due time take into consideration the manner how and the time when the same shall be raised conforme to the paper of the third of February 444?* given in to the Treaty upon the fifth thereof And Whereas it was desired by the

Scottish Commissioners that the English Commissioners would let them know from the Parliament the security manner and termes of payment of the foresaid sum of three hundred thousand pounds and of the arreares due for [thereleife of the Northerns Counties. It was agreed unto by Warrant and Order of the Parliament that they should have fourscore thousand pounds as a part of the foresaid sum of three hundred thousand pounds with the

whole arreares due to the Army before the disbanding thereof conforme to the paper of the 26 of May 1641. and

given into the treaty the 27 of the said moneth. And concerning the security for payment of the remanent of the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds which is arrear extending to two hundred & twenty thousand pounds It is resolved and agreed unto by both Houses of Parliament that an Act of Parliament of publike faith shall

passe for security thereof And that one moyetie or equail halfe of the same extending to one hundred and ten

thousand pounds shall be paid at Midsomer in anno 1642. and the other moiety or equail halfe to (*) payed at Midsomer in anno 1643 as the order of the House of Parliament of the 19 and 25 dayes of June 1641 do more folly purport And m like manner Whereas it was desired by the Scottish Commissioners that they might know to whom they should adresse themselves for payment of the sums at the dayes appointed by the Parliament conforme the Parliaments determination of the nineteenth of June Secondly at what place the payment should be made Thirdly That a safe conduct may be granted for the secure transporting of the moneys to Scotland at the termes of payment agreed upon. It is answered and resolved by the Parliament That these Earles Lords and Commissioners following shall be the persons to whom the Scots shall adresse themselves for the receiving of the sums at the dayes appointed by the Parliament Earle of Bedford Earle of Essex Earle of Warwick Earle of Holland Earle of Stanford Lord Wharton Lord Mandevill Lord Brooke Mr Martin Sir Thomas Barrington Mr Capell Sir Arthur Ingram Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Robert Pye Mr Henry Bellasis Sir Walter Erie Sir William Litton Sir Henry Mildmay Sir Thomas Cheek Sir John Strangwaies Mr Arthur Goodwin Mr Hampden Alderman Soame Alderman Pennington. Resolved upon the Question That the place of payment shall be the Chamber of London. Resolved upon the Question. That a safe conduct shall be granted for the secure transporting of the money to Scotland at the termes of Payment agreed upon at the charge of the Scotts conforme to the paper of the 22. June 1641.

To the seventh Demand Desiring that as his Majesty hath approven the Acts of the late Parliament wherein all such declarations proclamations books libels and pamphlets as have beene made written or published against his loyall and dutifoll subjects of Scotland are recalled and ordained to be suppressed and destroyed so his Majesty may be pleased to give order that the same may be recalled suppressed and forbidden in England and Ireland and that the loyalty integrity and feithfolnesse of his Majesties subjects of Scotland towards his Majesties Roiall person and Govemement may at the closing of the Treaty of Peace and the time of publique thanksgiving for the same be made known in all places and in all the parish Churches in his Majesties kingdomes. This was the more earnestly desired and confidently expected from his Majesties Justice and goodnes because no calamity or distresse hath so sore vexed or so deeply wounded the hearts of his Majesties subjects as that theire loyalty and love towards theire native King should have been contravened and by the malignancie of bad instruments brought into suspition and because they unfeinedly desire and pray for his Majesties happines and are resolved by all meanes and at all occasions to deny themselves and what they have for his Majesties honour as is more fully contained in the paper of the 8 of February 4444 It is answered upon the tenth of February 44tt Wee doe agree that Declarations Proclamations Acts Books Libels and [Phamplets1 ] that have beene made and published against the loyalty and dutifiilnes of his Majesties Subjects of Scotland shall be recalled suppressed and forbidden in England and Ireland and that this be rectprocall in Scotland if any such have beene made or published there in prejudice of his Majesties honour and this upon diligent enquiry to be done by the Authority of the Parliament next sitting in Scotland of which the Commissioners of Scotland doe promise to have an especiall care And we doe alsoe agree that when it shall please Almighty God to grant a happy close of this Treaty of Peace the loyaltie of his Majesties said Subjects shall be made knowne at the time of publique thanksgiving in all places and particularly in the parish Churches of his Majesties Dominions unto which wee are the rather induced for that you expresse how deeply it hath wounded the hearts of his Majesties said Subjects that theire loyaltie and love to his Majestie theire native King should be brought in question and suspition whereas they unfeinedly desire and pray for his Majesties happines and are resolved by all meanes and at all occasions to deny themselves and what they have for his Majesties honour 10. February 44*4

Concerning the eight Demand For an happy and durable peace which is the cheifest of all our desires and unto which all our former seven Articles being now agreed upon are as many preparations we doe first of all desire that all monuments tokens and shewes of hostility upon the borders of the two Kingdomes may be taken away and that upon the reasons and considerations particularly expressed in the paper of the tenth of February 4444. That not only the Garrisons of Barwick and Carlile may be removed but that the workes may be sleighted and the places dismantled. It is answered and agreed upon the fourteenth of June that his Majestie is desirous that all things betwixt the Kingdomes of England and Scotland be reduced into the same state they were in before the begining of the late troubles And therefore he doth give his assent to the advice of the two Houses of Parliament that the Garrisons of Barwick and Carlile upon the disbanding of the Scotish Army now in England and of 'all

1 O. omits.

•beO.

3 Pamphletts 0.

Seventh Demand, as to suppressing Writings,

and Answerthereto.

Eighth Demand, as to dismantling Berwick and Carlisle, and removing the Garrisons, and Answer thereto.

16° Car. I. c. IT.

A.D. 1640.

A* to Unity in Religion, and Uniformity of Church Government.

As to the King and Prince sometimes residing in Scotland.

As to choosing Officers of State, See. in Scotland.

As to placing some Scotchmen about the King and Queen and Prince.

Aj to none being about the King and Prince but those of the reformed Religion.

As to the Copper Coin.

such Forces as are gathered togeather in Scotland be likewise psently removed And that the Fortifications of Berwick and Carlile be also reduced to the same condition they were before the late troubles so that all Fortifications in Scotland be likewise put in the same condition they were before the said troubles and that the Workes be not repaired but suffered to decay and that the Ordnance and Amunition be removed and that it be without prejudice to his Majesdes former grant of the second demand concerning the keeping of the Castles of the Kingdome of Scotland the fourteenth of June 1641. To theire desire concerning unity in religion and uniformity of Church Government as a speciall meane for conserving of Peace betwixt the two kingdomes upon the grounds and reasons conteyned in the paper of the tenth of March given in to the Treaty and Parliament of England. It is answered upon the eleventh of June that his Majestie with advice of both Houses of Parliament doth approve of the affection of his subjects of Scodand in theire desire of having a conformity of Church Government between the two Nadons And as the Parliament hath already taken into consideration the reformation of Church Government so they will proceed therein in due time as shall best conduce to the glory of God and Peace of the Church and of both Kingdomes undecimo Junij 1641. To theire desire of the Kings Majestie and the Prince their coming and residing sometimes in Scotland upon the reasons given in February 16. 44tt* It is answered upon the ninth of June that his Majesty doth take in good part the sense his subjects of Scotland have of his absence and the dutifull expression they make of theire desire to have him and the Prince his sonne frequently amongst them and assuring himselfe that they have no other intention in this demand but meerly to expresse their love to his person and the welfare of his ancient Kingdome he declares unto them that as he shall finde the urgency of those affaires require his presence and his other conveniencyes here permit he will repaire thither and the Prince his sonne so far as he may know and be acquainted with the people there 9 Junij 1641. To the desire concerning the manner of choosing and placing of the Officers of State Counsellers and Sessioners within the Kingdome of Scotland by advise of the Parliament upon the grounds and reasons given in March 15. 44Jr It is answered the ninth of June in hit. Majesties name We intend nothing more heartily and really then that our people should be governed by the Lawes of the Kingdome and that all Judges in their severall Judicatories should judge accordingly therefore wee will never allow nor permit that either Councellors Officers of State or Judges be exeamed from our and our Parliaments triall and censure for the discharging of theire duties in theire severall Offices and Places likewise we conceive that nothing will conduce more to the good of our service and the peaceable and happy Government of the Kingdom then that Offices of State Places of Councell and Sessions and other Judicatories be provided with honest able and qualified men for which end and because of our necessary absence from that kingdome which maketh the qualification of persons fit for places lesse known unto us Wee shall so far give eare unto the Informations of our Parliament and when our Parliament is not sitting of our Councell and Colledge of Justice as that we shall either make choice of some one of such as they by common consent upon the vacancy of the place shall recommend unto us or if wee shall conceive an other person to be fitter then any of those recommended we shall make the same knowne to the Parliament or in the time betweene Parliaments to our Councell and Session that from them we may be informed of the qualifications and abilities of the person named by us to the effect that if by theire information it shall appeare to us that there is just exception against the life and qualification of the said partie we may timely nominate some other against whom there shall be no just exception by which meanes we doubt not but that wee shall from time to time chuse such honest men as for theire knowne integrities and abilities shall be fit to discharge theire places of Offices with that duty and sufficiency which wee and our Subjects may justly expect which intention of ours being now so fully and cleerly expressed we doubt not but will give good satisfaction to our ensuing Parliament And as we never intended to remove just and able men from theire places in the Colledge of Justice so we do now declare for our peoples full satisfaction that theire places shall be provided unto them Quam diu se bene gesserint And if this our answer cannot content the Scottish Commissioners we doe then remit the whole answer to be considered by us or our Commissioners and the Parliament at the next sitting thereof 9. June 1641. To theire desire of placing some Scottishmen [men'] of respect about the King and Queenes Majesties and the Prince his highnes upon the grounds and reasons given in the 9 of Aprill 1641. It is answered His Majesties Goodnes and grace towards his Subjects of Scotland in placing them about his owne person in places of greatest neemesse and trust hathe beene such as ought to give them full satisfaction of his Royall affection towards his subjects of his native Kingdome therefore for this point his Majestie needeth only to assure them that he shall continue the same care which hitherto he hath done for theire satisfaction in this particular and not onely so but shall recommend the same to the Prince his sonne that successively the kingdome of Scotland shall so taste of the care of their Soveraigns that by the grace of God they shall never want a sufficient number of honest and sufficient persons of that Nation about the Kings person and Prince against whom there shall be no just exception 9. June 1641. To theire desire that none may have place about his Majestie and the Prince but such as are of the reformed religion in manner expressed in the paper 1. of April 1641. It is answered That his Majestie doth conceive that his subjects of Scotland have no intention by this proposition (especially by way of demand) to limit or prescribe unto him the choice of his servants but rather to shew theire zeale to religion wherein his owne piety will make him doe therein that which may give just satisfaction to his people 9 June 1641. To theire desire given in the first of Aprill concerning Copper Coin.

It is answered Whereas the Scottish Commissioners have represented unto His Majestie the great prejudice sustained by the Kingdome of Scotland through the coyning of Copper money which hath passed there this long time by gone for seven times above as much as the true value and worth thereof contrary to the continuall custome of that kingdome And therefore desiring that no Copper money be coyned hereafter without consent of the Estates convened in Parliament who may remedy the present prejudices the Countrey sustaines thereby and who upon good consideration of the necessity thereof in time to come may appoint such a competent proportion as is fit and as

1 0. omits.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 17

125

[they1] countrey shall require for the use of the poore and for change in buying and selling of Commodities and that the same shall not passe but according to the intrinsick value thereof with the allowance of a tenth part or such a proportion as the Parliament shall thinke fitt to allow for the impression and workmanship in coyning His Majesty is gratiously pleased to recommend unto the ensuing Parliament of Scotland the whole matter of Copper Coyn and remits to their consideration to take such order therein as they shall thinke fitting not onely concerning the Copper Coin to be coined hereafter but also the Copper money already coined how the same shall take vent and passe in payment in time coming conform to the paper of the 9 of June.

Concerning an Act of Pacification and Oblivion.

It is agreed unto That in the approaching Parliament of Scotland there shall be an Act of Pacification declaring that the late Commotions and troubles arising from the innovation of Religion and Corruption of Church Government by the mercy of God and the Kings Royall Wisdom and fatherly care are turned into a quiet calm and comfortable peace lest either his Majesties love or the constant loyalty of his subjects in theire intentions and proceedings be hereafter called in question and that such things as have fallen forth in these tumultuous rimes while Lawes were silent whether prejudicial! to his Majesties honour and authority or to the lawes and liberties of the Church and Kingdome or to the particular interest of the subject (which to examine and censure in a strict course of Justice might prove an hinderance to a perfect peace) may be buried in perpetuall oblivion So it is expedient for making the peace and unity of his Majesties Dominions the more firm and faithfull and that his Majesties countenance against all fears may shine upon them all the more comfortably that an Act of Pacification and Oblivion be made in the Parliaments of all the three Kingdomes for burying in forgetfulnes all Acts of Hostility whether betwixt the King and his subjects or betweene subject and subject or which may be conceived to arise upon the coming of any English Army against Scotland or the coming of the Scotish Army into England or upon any Action Attempt Assistance counsell or [device *] having relation thereunto and falling out by the occasion of the late troubles preceding the conclusion of the treaty and the return of the Scotish Army into Scotland that the same and whatsoever hath ensued thereupon whether trenching upon the lawes and liberties of the Church and Kingdome or upon his Majesties honour and authority in no time hereafter may be called in question or resented as a wrong nationall or personall whatsoever be the quality of the person or persons or of whatsoever kind or degree drill or criminall the injury be supposed to be and that no mention be made thereof in time coming neither in judgement nor out of judgement but that it shall be held and reputed as though never any such thing had beene thought nor wrought And this to be extended not onely to all his Majesties subjects now living but to theire heires executors successors and all others whom it may conceme in any time to come And for that end that by the tenour of this Statute all Judges Officers and Magistrates whatsoever be prohibited and discharged of directing of Warrants for Citation processing or executing any sentence or judgement upon record or any way molesting any of his Majesties lieges concerning the premisses in all time coming like as that his majesty for himselfe and his successours promise in verbo Prindpis never to come in the contrary of this Statute or San&ion nor any thing therein contained but to hold the same in all points firm and stable and shall cause it to be truly observed by all his Majesties lieges according to the tenour and intent thereof for now and ever And that in all time coining these presents shall have the full force and strength of a true and perfect security as if they were extended in most ample and legall forme Providing that the benefit of the said Statute shall no wayes be extended to any of the Scottish Prelates or to John Earle of Traquaire Sir Robert Spotswood Sir John Hay and [Master ’] Walter Belcanquall cited and pursued as incendiaries betwixt the Kingdomes and betwixt the King and his people and for bribery corruption and many other grosse crimes contained in theire charges generall & special 1 nor to any other person who are dted and shall be found by the Parliament of Scotland in his Majesties or his Commissioners theire owne hearing to be so extraordinary guilty of these and the like crimes as they cannot in Justice and with the honour of the King and Countrey passe from them Provided further that the benefit of this A £t shall not be understood to extend to the favour of theeves robbers murtherers broaken men [homers4] outlawers nor theire receptors with reservation also of the legall pursuites and processes of the Scots in Ireland for the reparation of theire losses according to justice against such who have illegally wronged and persecuted them since by one of the Articles of the Treaty they are appointed to be restored to their meanes and estates. It is also to be understood that nothing is meaned hereby to be done in jpjudice either of the payment of the debts oughten upon promisses or security

by the Scottish Army to any of the Counties or to any person there (the same being instructed before the removall

of the Scottish Army) or of the arreares due to the Scottish Army or to that brotherly assistance granted them by the Parliament of England. That the great blessing of a constant and freindly conjunction of the two Kingdomes now united by allegeance and loyall subjection to one Soveraigne and Head may be firmly observed and continued to all posteritie It is agreed that an A & be past in the Parliament of England that the Kingdome of England or Ireland shall not denounce nor make war against the Kingdome of Scotland without consent of the Parliament of England as on the other part it shall be enacted there that the Kingdome of Scotland shall denounce nor

make wars against the Kingdom of England or Ireland without the consent of the Parliament of Scotland.

No Ships either of the Kings or Freebooters or others shall stop the trade of the Kingdome or hinder or harme theire neighbour kingdome without consent of Parliament declaring a breach of Peace And if any Armies shall be levied or trade stopped and neighbors harmed or wronged the estates of the Countrie by which it is done to be obliged to pursue take and punish the Offendors with all rigour And if any of the Kingdoms assist receave or harbour them they ought to be punished as breakers of the peace and If after complaint and remonstrance to the Commissioners after mentioned and to the Parliament redresse and reparation be not made then in that case the

At to an Act of Pacification and Oblivion.

To what Peraooa the Benefit of such an Act thall not extend.

Proviso for Recovery of Debt! due by, and AiTeara doe to the Scottish Army and for the firienak Assistance and Relief.

At to Shipt of the King or othert stopping the Tradi of the Kingdom. At to persona levying Armiea, &c.

• the O.

• advice 0.

3 Mr 0.

4 Somers 0.

16° Car.. I. c. IT.

A.D. 1640.

Proviso as to particular Quarrels upon the Borders.

Powers of the Commission restrained to the Articles of Peace in this Treaty.

As to the ensuing Parliament of Scotland having Power to ratify the Treaty.

As to the Powers of the King's Commissioners then sitting, &c.

As to Offenders in one Kingdom removing into another.

As to extending this Provision to Debts as well as Crimes.

same (') be counted a breach of the peace by the whole kingdome And in case any of the Subjects of any of the Kingdomes shall rise in Armes or make war against any other of the kingdoms and subjects thereof without consent of the Parliament of that kingdome whereof they are subjects or upon which they doe depend that they shall be held reputed and demained as traitours to the Estates whereof they are subjects and that both the Kingdoms in that case be bound to concur in the repressing of those that shall happen to arise in Armes or make war without consent of their own Parliament and that the way of convening forces for suppressing such as levy war be as in case of invasion Provided that this be not extended to any particular quarrels upon the Borders And that it be enacted that in such case it shall be lawfull for any of the subjects to convene to suppresse such evill affected persons and that each kingdome shall be bound by publique faith punctually to perforate this Article And if either Parliament shall denounce war they shall give three monthes training that the peace to be now established [may'] be inviolably observed in all time to come It is agreed that some shall be appointed by his Majestie and the Parliaments of both Kingdoms who in the interim betwixt the sitting of the Parliaments may be carefull that the peace now happily concluded may be continued and who shall endeavour by all meanes to prevent all troubles and divisions And if any debate or difference shall happen to arise to the disturbance of the Common Peace they shall labour to remove or compose them [accordingJ] to theire power It being supposed that for all theire proceedings of this kinde they shall be answerable to the Kings Majestie & the Parliaments and if any thing shall fall forth which is above theire power and cannot be remedied by them they shall informe themselves in the particulars and represent the same to the Kings Majestie and the ensuing Parliament that by their wisdoms and authoritie all occasion and causes of troubles [beinga] removed the peace of the Kingdome may be perpetuall to all posteritie And it is declared that the power of the Commission shall be restrained to the Articles of Peace in this Treatie. Where it is desired that an Act may be made in the Parliament of England for ratifying of the Treaty and all the Articles thereof which is likewise to be ratified in the Parliament of Ireland (which in all the Articles is comprehended under the name of England) And after the treatie is confirmed in the said English Parliament and all other necessary conditions performed the Armies on both sides shall att a certaine day to be appointed for that effect remove and disband so that when the Scottish Army shall remove from Newcastle the English Army shall likewise be disbanded and repaire home to theire severall Countreys and Places of theire residence and the Irish Army to be disbanded before that time that hereafter a quiet and durable peace may be kept according to the Articles And that this treaty and whole proceedings thereof may be likewise ratified in the Parliament of Scotland and a firme peace established It is desired that his Majestie may be gratiously pleased now to declare that the ensuing Parliament of Scotland shall have full and free power as the nature of a free Parliament of that kingdome doth of it selfe import to ratifie and confirme the treatie and whole Articles thereof and to receive account of all Commissions granted by them examine theire proceedings and grant exonerations thereupon and to treate deliberate conclude and ena& whatsoever shall be found conducible to the setting of the good and peace of that Kingdome And that his Majesties Comissioners shall be authorized with full power to approve whatsoever Acts & Statutes which upon mature deliberation shall happen to be accorded unto by the Estates in that behalfe and shall sit and continue without interruption or prorogation while all things necessary for that effect be determined ina&ed and "brought to a final! conclusion unlesse for the better convenience of affairs his Majesties Commissioner with the speciall advice and assent of the Estates shall thinke fit to adjourne the same to any other time which shall no wayes derogate from the full and perfect concluding of the whole premisses before the said Parliament be dissolved. This whole Article is assented unto in so far as concerns the dayes and circumstances of disbanding to be agreed unto. Forasmuch as the severall jurisdictions and administrations of Justice in either Realm may be deluded and frustrated by delinquents for theire owne impunity if they shall commit any offence in the one Realm and thereafter remove theire persons and make theire abode in the other Therefore that no person sentenced by the Parliament of either Nation as Incendiaries betwixt the nations or betwixt the King and his people shall enjoy any benefit drill or ecclesiasdcall or have any shelter or prote&ion in any other of his Majesties Dominions like as where malefa&ors and Criminals guilty of the crimes mentioned in the Act of Parliament 1612. Cap. 2. and others of that nature and committed by Scottishmen within the Kingdomes of England or Ireland or any part thereof are taken and apprehended in England or Ireland that it shall be lawfull to the Justices of England or Ireland to remaund them to Sea or Land as the Acts beares And further if any Malefa&ors committing crimes in Scotland England or Ireland being duely processed in the Kingdoms where the crimes are committed and being fugitives or remaining in any other of the Kingdomes foresaids that the Judges of either Kingdome shall be houlden at the instance and suite of the parde offended to take and remaund the criminals and Malefa&ors to the Kingdomes where the crimes were committed and the like to be made in Scotland And this would be extended aswell to debts as crimes and what further is requisite concerning this and other particulars for setling of peace in the middle Shires and accelerating Justice upon the Delinquents both in civill and criminall causes is to be considered by the Committee appointed for that effect. It is answered that such persons as shall be Natives in either Kingdome and shall commit any offence in the Realme whereof they shalbe Natives and shall afterwards remove their persons into the other and such persons as shall be Inhabitants in either Kingdome and shall commit any Offence in the Realm where they shall be Inhabitants during the time of their habitauon there and shall afterwards remove theire persons into the other and shall be for the same censured by the Parliament of that Nation where the offence was committed as Incendiaries betwixt the nations or betwixt the King and his people shall not enjoy any benefit civill or ecclesiasdcall or have any shelter or prote&ion in any other of his Majesties Dominions And that such Scottish Natives incensing the King of England against the Kingdome of Scotland shall be remaunded at the desire of the Scottish Parliament into Scotland to abide theire tryall and censure there so that the same be reciprocal! to both Nations but other criminals and debts to be referred to the Lawes.

A.D. 164Q.

16° Car. I. c. 17.

127

a

The Propositions and Articles given in by the Scottish Commissioners after the Lord Lowdons return from the Parliament of Scotland.

That the Treade of Peace may be brought to a speedie and happie close Wee doe offer to your Lordshipps

consideration the particulars following.

i. That so soone as the Scottish Army shall remove out of England to Scotland the English Garrisons of Barwick and Carlile may remove simul et semel.

a. Lest Malefadors who have committed theft murder and the Kke crimes crave the benefit of the Act of Pacification and Oblivion for whom it is no wayes intended there would be an exception from the said Acts of all legall persuits intended or to be intended within the space of an yeare after the date of the treaty against theeves sorners Outlawers fugitives murderers broken men or their receptaries for whatsoever thefts rises hareships oppressions depredations or murthere done or committed by them and all lawfull decreits given or to be given by the Parliament or any Commissioners to be appointed by them for that effect who shall have power to dignosce and take cognition whether the same falls within the said Act of Pacification or Oblivion or not.

3. It is desired that the demaund concerning the not making or denouncing war with forraigners without consent Third, of both Parliaments may be condescended unto by the King and Parliament of England which is ordinary and universally observed in all mutuall leagues which are both offensive and defensive and because the wars denounced

by one of the Kingdomes with foreigners although made without consent of the other Kingdome will engage them by necessary consequence or if the consideration of this proposition shall require longer time then the present condition of the important affairs of the Parliament may permitt and least the speedy close of the treaty be thereby impeded it is desired that this demand with the other two Articles of the same nature the one concerning leagues and confederations and the other concerning mutuall supply in case of forraign invasion may all three be remitted to Commissioners to be chosen by both Parliaments who shall have power to advise and treat thereupon for the good of both Kingdoms and report to the Parliaments respectively.

4. It is desired that the Articles concerning trade and commerce naturalization mutuall priviledge and capacity Fourth, and others of that nature already demanded may be condescended unto by the King and Parliament of England

and namely that demand anent the pressing of men and ships by sea or land or if shortnes of time and exigence of affaires may not permit the present determination of these demands it is desired that the same (except so many of them as are already agreed unto by the Commissioners for trade) may be remitted to the Commissioners to be choeen by both Parliaments who shall have power to treat and advise thereof for the good of both Kingdomes and to make report to the Parliaments respectively and that the Charters or Warrants of the Scotch nation for freedom of Shipping in England or Ireland from all customs imposts duties and fees more then are paid by the Natives of England or Ireland granted by King James under the broad Seal of England upon the eleventh day of Aprill in the thirteenth yeare of his reign and confirmed by King Charles upon the nineteenth of Aprill in the eight yeere of his reign may be enacted and ratified in this Parliament.

5. That the extrads of Bonds and decreits put upon record and register in Scotland may have the like faith Fifth, and execution as the French Tabellions have in England and Ireland seeing they are of a like nature and deserves more credit and if this cannot be done at this time that it be remitted to the former Commission from both hrbments.

6. The manner of safe conduct for transporting the moneys from England to Scotland by Sea or Land would be Sixth, condescended upon in such way as the charges be not exorbitant and may be presently knowne.

7. The tenour of the Commission for conserving of Peace would be condescended unto togeather with the times Serenth. and places of meeting and whole frame thereof the draught whereof when it is drawn up in England is to be represented to the Parliament of Scotland that they may make the like Commission and name their Comissioners

for that effect.

8. The Parliament of Scotland doe joyne theire earnest and hearty desires and craves the Parliaments ofEnglands Eighth, concurse that none be placed about the Princes Hignesse but such as are of the reformed religion.

9. That an Act of Parliament of publique faith for payment of the 220000 pound which is arreare of the brotherly assistance may be presently framed and expect according to the termes agreed upon.

10. It is desired that the Quorum to whom the Scots should addresse themselves for payment of the two hundreth and twenty thousand pounds be condescended upon.

11. That the Order for recalling all Proclamations &c. made against his Majesties Subjects of Scotland be drawn up and intimate in due forme and time with the publique thanksgiving at all the parish churches of his Majesties Dominions.

12. It is desired that the Articles concerning the Castle of Edenburgh and other strengths of that Kingdome may Twelfth, be understood to be that the samen shall be disposed of for the weale of the Kingdome as the King and Parliament

shall thinke it expedient.

Ninth.

Tenth.

Elerenth.

Proportions by the Scottish Commissioners after Lord Lowdon’t Return from the Parliament of Scotland.

First.

Second.

128

16° Car. I. c. IT, 18.

A.D. 1640.

The Engliah Lords CommiMtoom Answer to the Pint Proposition.

to the Second, to the Third.

to the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth.

to the Seventh.

to the Eighth.

to the Ninth.

to the Tenth.

to the Eleventh.

to the Twelfth.

The said Treaty ratified.

and to be observed for ever.

The English Lords Commissioners answer.

That upon the disbanding of the Scottish Annie the Garrisons of Barwick and Carlile shall be removed according to the Article of the treade in that behalfe.

The second Article is condescended unto according to the Provision added to the Act of Pacification.

The third demand concerning making of War with forraigners with the other twoe Articles concerning leagues and Confederations and concerning mutuall supply and assistance against foraign Invasion is agreed to be referred to Commissioners to be chosen by his Majestie and the Parliaments.

As likewise the fourth fist and sixt Articles concerning Trades Commerce Naturalization mutuall priviledges and capacity and other of that nature and the demands concerning the extract of Bonds and decreits and the manner of safe conduct for transporting the moneyes from England to Scotland are all referred to be taken in consideration by the Commissioners to be appointed by both Parliaments who shall have power to advise and treat thereupon and report to the Parliament respective.

It is just that the tenor of the Commission for conserving of Peace should be agreed on by mutuall consent but the closing of the treaty not to stay hereupon but to be left to the Commissioners to be named.

To that desire concerning such as should be placed about the Prince the King hath already given a clear and satisfactory answer.

That there be an Act of Parliament of pubUque faith for securing the payment of 320000 pounds which is arrere of the brotherly assistance is just and order is given for it accordingly and it shall be communicated with the Scottish Commissioners that it may be a periled security.

The tenth for appointing a Quorum for attending the payment of the money is already moved to the Parliament and will be done as is desired.

The eleventh Article is very just and Order shall be given accordingly for recalling all Proclamations and for publique thanksgiving.

This twelfth Article for the Castle of Edinburgh and other strengths of Scotland is to be setled betwixt his Majestie and the Commissioners of Scotland or by his Majestie and Parliament of Scotland.

All which Articles are assented unto and approved by his Majestie with the advice of the Parliament of England and by the Committees of the Parliament of Scotland and are necessary for publique declaration of mutuall consent and for firme observation to be confirmed and ratified in the Parliaments of both Kingdomes. Be it therefore enacted by his Majestie with the assent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled that the said Treaty and the Articles thereof assented unto as aforesaid be and stand for ever ratified and established and have the force vigour strength and authority of a Law Statute and Act of Parliament.

Like as this above written Treaty and whole Articles thereof are by his Majestie and the Estates of the Parliament of Scotland to be enacted and ordained to have in all time coming the full force and strength of a true and perfect security and Ad of the said Parliament. And his Majesty for himselfe and his successours doth promise in verbo Principis never to come in the contrary of this Statute and Sandion nor any thing therein contained but to hold the same in all points firme and stable and shall cause it to be truly observed by all his majesties lieges according to the tenour and intent thereof for now and ever. Like as the Parliaments of both Kingdomes gives full assurance and do make publique faith in name of both Kingdomes respectively for the true and faithfull observance of this treade and whole Articles thereof inviolably hinc inde in all times to come.

CHAPTER XVin.

R<*. Pari. 16 Car. An Act for securing by publique faith the Remainder of the freindly assistance and releife promised to our p. a. mt. 14. brethren of Scotland.

Recital that £300^00. had been agreed to be given for Relief of our Brethren in Scotland, and that £220,000. remained unpaid. The saidjtfa 20*500. Co be paid into the Chamber of London at the Days herein

WHEREAS the sum of three hundred thousand pounds was in this present Session of Parliament agreed to be given for a freindly assistance and releife towards the supply of the Losses and necessities of our brethren of Scotland of which sum of three hundred thousand pounds there is already paid the full sum of eighty thousand pounds and there remaines behinde and unpaid the sum of two hundred and twenty thousand pounds For securing the payment whereof Be it enacted by the King our Soveraign Lord and by the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same that the said sum of two hundred and twenty thousand pounds shall be paid into the Chamber of the Citie of London for the use of our said Brethren of Scotland at the dayes hereafter in this Act mentioned that is to say the sum of One hundred and ten thousand pounds part thereof shall be paid into the said Chamber of London for the use aforesaid upon or before the foure and twentieth day of June in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred fourty two and the sum of one hundred and ten thousand pounds residue of the said sum of two hundred and twenty thousand pounds shall be paid into the said Chamber of London for the use aforesaid upon or before the foure and twentieth day of June in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand six hundred fourty three.

A

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 18, 19.

129

And be it alsoe declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid that Robert Earle of Essex Lord Chamberlain of his Majesties Houshold William Earle of Bedford Robert Earle of Warwick Henry Earle of Holland Henry Earle of Stanford Philip Lord Wharton Edward Lord Mandevile and Robert Lord Brooke Peers of the House of Lords and Henry Bellasis Esquire Sir Thomas Barrington Knight and Baronet Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronet Sir Henry Mildmay Knight Master of the Kings Jewell House Sir John Holland Baronet Sir Arthur Ingram Sir Robert Pye Sir John Strangewayes Sir Walter Earle Sir William Litton Sir Thomas Cheek Knights Arthur Goodwin John Hampden and Henry Martin Esquires Members of the House of Commons or any two of the said Peers togeather with any four of the said Members of the House of Commons are and shall be the persons to whom our said Brethren of Scotland shall and may from time to time addresse themselves for the receiving of the said Sum of two hundred and twenty thousand pounds at the severall times and at the place herein before appointed And the [said'] Lords and Commons herein before particularly named or any two of the said Lords togeather with any foure of the said Members of the House of Commons are and shall be authorized and appointed by this Act to cause the said sum of two hundred and twenty thousand pounds to be issued out of the said Chamber of London and paid at the times and place before in this Act appointed unto such person or persons as by Act of Parliament of the Kingdom of Scotland shall be authorized to receive and to give acquittances and discharges for the same.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that it shall and may be lawfull to and for such person and persons as shall be authorized in that behalfe by Act of Parliament of the said Kingdome of Scotland to give security by this present Act to any person or persons for the raising and taking up of any sum or sums of money not exceeding the sum of two hundred and twenty thousand pounds and to be paid at the times and place herein before mentioned and not otherwise for the supply of the occasions of our said Brethren of Scotland and for that purpose to assigne over to any person or persons the said sum of two hundred and twenty thousand pounds or any part thereof And the said person and persons to whom any such sum or sums as aforesaid shall be assigned shall or may have and receive the same out of the said Chamber of London And the said Lords and Commons before in this Act particularly named or any two of the said Lords togeather with any four of the said Members of the House of Commons are and shall be authorized and appointed by this Act to cause such sum and sums of money as shall be assigned according to this Act to be issued out of the said Chamber of London and to be paid at the times and place before in this Act appointed unto such person or persons to whom any sum or sums shall be assigned as aforesaid the said Assignees giving Acquittances under theire hands and seales respectively for such sum and sums of money as they or any of them shall receive as aforesaid respectively And that such acquittances as shall be given by any person or persons authorized by Act of Parliament of the said Kingdome of Scotland for receiving the said sum of two hundred and twenty thousand pounds or any part thereof as aforesaid or by any person or persons to whom the said sum of two hundred and twenty thousand pounds or any part or parts thereof shall be assigned as aforesaid shall be a sufficient discharge to and for the said Lords and Commons herein before particularly named and to and for the Officers of the said Chamber of London And shall be likewise in full payment and sadsfaftion to our said Brethren of Scotland for so much money as shall be mentioned and contained in the said Acquittances.

II.

The Names of the Persons whom the said Brethren are to address for Relief out of the said Money.

The said Persons to issue the said Money accordingly.

III.

Security by this Act to Persons who may lend the said Money.

Two of the Lords, together with Four of the Commons, mayissue the Money.

The Persons receiving the Money givingAcquittance* for the same under Hand and Seal.

Such Acquittances a Discharge.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Act for the better ordering and regulating of the Office of Clarke of the Market allowed & confirmed by this Statute and [and1] for the reformation of false Weights and Measures.

FORASMUCH as the undue execution of the Office of Clerke of the Market hath beene very greivous unto divers of his Majesties most loveing Subjects who have beene much troubled by unnecessary summons and charged with exactions ofc diverse sums of Money by colour of the said Office and in regard the said evills have partly arisen by meanes of an inequality of Weights and Measures throughout this Kingdom and by granting and letting to Farrae the said Office of Clerke of the Market and the Execution thereof in and through all or the most of the severall Counties of this Kingdome for great sums of Money which the said Farmours or Grantees by theire unjust and undue proceedings in the said Office doe extort from his Majesties Subjects again to theire great impoverishment and yet little or no redresse at all in theire said Weights or Measures or any benefit thereby accruing to his Majestie For remedie whereof and for regulating [of1] all Weights & Measures according to the true intent of this Statute and the other Statutes in that behalfe formerly made and provided and preventing the said mconveniendes Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie the Lords and Commons of this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That from henceforth there shall be but one Weight one Measure and one Yard according to the Standard of the Exchequer throughout all the Realme aswell in places privOedged as without Any usage or custome to the contrary notwithstanding And that every Measure of Come shall be striked without heape And whosoever shall sell by or keepe any other Weight Measure or Yard then as aforesaid whereby any come graine or other thing is bought or sold after six monthes after the end of this present Session of Parliament shall forfeite for every such offence five shillings being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of one sufficient Witnesse before any Justice of Peace Maior or other head Officer of the County City or Towne Corporate respectively where the said offence shall be committed Who by vertue of this Act shall have power to administer an Oath in that behalfe Which said sum or penalty of five shillings shall be levyed by the Church wardens

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. p.2. n. 15.

Grievances by Clerks of the Market, and Inequality in Weights and Measures.

There shall he but one Measure, one Weight, and one Yard.

Selling by or keeping any other

Penalty 5*.

How to be levied#

LI

16° Car. I. c. 19.

A.D. 1640.

Default of Distress. Imprisonment.

IT.

Clerk of the Market of the King’s House, his Limits.

Proviso for Jurisdiction of

Majors, Head Officers, and Lords of Liberties.

111.

Clerks of the Market and other Officers sealing, gee. other Weights, 6cc. or refusing to seal, See.

On Payment of proper Fee.

Penalty £$.

IV. Clerk of the Market, &c. taking unlawful Fines or Fees;

or imposing Fines, &c. without legal Trial, See.

First Offence, Penalty £, 5. Second Offence, a£io.

Third and every other Offence, j£ao.

and Overseers of the Poore of the Parish or some or one of them where such offence is or shall be committed to the use of the Poore of the same Parish of the Goods and Chattels of such Offenders by way of Distresse and sale of the Offenders goods rendering the Overplus to the partie so offending And in default of such distresse it shall be lawfull for any Justices of Peace Maior or other Head officer of the Countie City or Towne corporate respectively to commit the said partie to the Prison or Goal there to remaine without Bail or Mainprise untill he shall pay such sums of Money forfeited as aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Clarke of the Market of the Kings House which now is or hereafter shall be or of the Prince his Highnes his Heires or Successours which is or shall be Duke of Comewall or his or theire Deputie or Deputies shall hereafter execute his or theire said Office or Offices respectively in any part of the Kingdom but onely within the Verge of the Kings Court where it shall then reside for the time being And that it shall be alwaies hereafter lawfull for any Maior or other head Officer of any City Burrough or Towne Corporate or for any Lord or Lords of Libertie Liberties or Franchises his or theire Deputie or Deputies or Agents according to theire severall Liberties and Jurisdictions to have full power to execute the said Offices respectively as they ought or might have done before the making of this Act

And for the more ease of his Majesties Subjects Be it further Enacted That if any Clarke of the Market within

his aforesaid precincts and limits of the Verge of the Kings house onely or any Maior or other Officer whatsoever who by vertue of this Act shall have power to inquire of any abuses in Weights and Measures shall seale or give allowance unto any other Weight or measure weights or measures other then according to the said Standard of the Exchequer or shall upon reasonable request and warning refuse to seal or give allowance unto such weight

or measure weights or measures as Are according to the said Standard of the Exchequer paying only such Fee or

fees for such allowance as by the Statute or statutes or by ancient custome are in that behalfe formerly provided and allowed and no more That then the said Clarke of the Market Maior and other Officer or Officers of Citie Burrough or Towne and the said Lord and Lords of Libertie or Liberties and his and theire Deputie and Deputies and Agents respectively shall forfeite for every such offence five pounds to be leavied as aforesaid to the use of the poore of the parish where such offence is or shall be committed

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if the Clarke of the Market his Deputy or Deputies or Agents within the Verge aforesaid or any Maior or any other Officer or Officers of any City or Town or any Lord or Lords of Liberties his or their Deputy or Deputies Agents or Assignes respectively shall take or receive of any of his Majesties Subjects by colour of the said Office any common Fine or Fines or any Fees other then are [former1]] allowed by the Statute or statutes or ancient custome in that behalfe made or used shall take any Fee or Fees or other sum of money Reward or consideration for the making signing or examination of any weights or measures which have beene formerly marked or sealed or shall Impose or Assesse or cause to be Imposed or Assessed any Fine or Amerciament Fines or Amerciaments without a due and legall triall of the offences for which the said Fine or Fines Amerciament or Amerciaments are Imposed or Assessed or shall otherwise misdemean himselfe in the execution of his said Office and be thereof lawfully convicted He shall forfeit for the first Offence whereof he shall be so lawfully convicted five pounds And for the second offence ten pounds And for the third offence and every other offence afterwards twenty pounds to be levied as aforesaid to the use of the poore of the parish where such offence shall be committed

And be it enacted That whosoever shall be fined or amerced by vertue of this Act shall not be again fined or amerced for the same offence by vertue of any former Law or Statute

Provided alwaies That this Act or Statute shall not extend to the Rents of Farmes or Lands or any Come or Grain due or payable to any Lord or Lords or any Colledges Houses or other Societies by vertue of any Lease or Leases or other Covenant or Agreement but [that *] the same during the continuation of such Lease Leases or other Agreements shall be paid delivered and performed in such measure and forme as the same hath beene paid delivered be arotinwdIPC# *° performed before the making of this Act And that such measure as is comonly called Water measure in any Ports Maritine Townes or other places shall be still used and continued as formerly the same hath beene Any thing in this Statute contained to die contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII.

General Issue Provided alsoe that no Justice or Justices of the Peace Maior Bailiffe or other head Officer Church wardens

A^onforCaded m Overseers or any other authorized by this Statute for the due execution thereof in any point shall be sued impleaded

executing A a. or otherwise impeached for doing or executing theire said Offices respectively And if any Suit or Suits hereafter

shall be commenced against them or any of them theire Agents or Assistants touching the premisses That then it shall and may be lawfull for them and every of them so sued or troubled in any Court or Courts wheresoever to plead the generall issue Not guilty and to give this Statute in Evidence or any other speciall matter in Evidence Treble Costs. And in case by or upon this Law they or any of them shall be found not guilty or the Plaintiffe be Non-suited the Defendant or Defendants shall recover triple costs against the Plaintiffe for his unjust vexation.

V.

Noi to be doubly fined.

VI.

Proviso for Rents of Farms or Corn.

1 fonnerlie O.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 20, 21.

131

CHAPTER XX.

An Act for the prevention of vexatious proceedings touching the Order of Knighthood. n*. p^t. t6 Cm.

_____ P- a.*. 16.

HERE AS upon pretext of an ancient custom or usage of this Realm of England That Men of full age bong Recital that Writ* FT not Knights and being seised of Lands or Rents of the yearely value of fourty pounds or more (especially if theire seisin had so continued by the space of three yeares next past) might be compelled by the Kings Writ to of Knighthood; receive or take upon them the order or dignity of Knighthood or else to make Fine for the discharge or respite of the same severall Writs about the begining of his Majesties reign issued out of the Court of Chancery for Proclamations to be made in every County to that purpose and for certifying the names of all such persons and for summoning them personally to appeare in the Kings presence before a certain day to be there ready to receive the said Order or Dignity Upon return of which Writs and transmitting the same with theire Returns into the Court of Exchequer and upon and that upon other Writs for further inquiry of the names of such persons issuing out of the said Court of Exchequer Processe by Writ™ Distringw Distringas was thence made against a very great number of persons many of which were altogeather unfit in regard had iuued and either of estate or quality to receive the said Order or Dignity and very Many were put to greivous Fines and other vexations for the same although in truth it were not sufficiently knowne how or in what sort or where they or any of them should or might have addressed themselves for the receiving the said Order or Dignity and for saving themselves thereby from the said Fines Processe and vexations And whereas it is most apparant that all and every such proceeding in regard of the matter therein pretended is altogether uselesse and unreasonable May it therefore please your most Excellent Majestie that it be by authority of Parliament declared and enacted. And be it declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie and the Lords and Commons in this Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same that from henceforth no person or persons of what condition quality estate or degree soever shall at of Knighthood, any time be distrained or otherwaies compelled by any Writ or Processe of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer or otherwise by any meanes whatsoever to receive or take upon him or them respectively the Order or receiving the'wne. Dignity of Knighthood nor shall suffer or undergoe any Fine Trouble or Molestation whatsoever by reason or colour of his or theire having not received or not taken upon him or them the said Order or Dignity And that all and every Writ or Processe whatsoever and all and every proceeding which shall hereafter be had or made contrary to the intent of this Act shall bee deemed and adjudged to be utterly void * And that all and every Processe proceeding Procen to the and charge now depending by reason or colour of the said pretended custome or Writs aforesaid or of any the contrir7» Dependants thereof shall from henceforth cease and stand be and remain discharged and utterly void Any former Law or Custome or any pretence of any former Law or Custome or any other Matter whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

and that such Proceedings are unreasonable.

No Person shall be

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for the free bringing in of Gun-powder and Salt peter from Forraign parts and for the free making of Roi. Pari 16 Car.

Gunpowder in this Realme. * *l7'

WHEREAS the Importation of Gunpowder from forreign parts hath of late times beene against Law prohibited Recital of Mischiefi and the making thereof within this Realm ingrossed whereby the price of Gunpowder hath beene excessively raised many powder workes decayed this Kingdome very much weakened and indangered the Merchants thereof much Gunpowder, ate. damnified many Mariners and others taken Prisoners and brought into miserable Captivity and Slavery many Ships fakpn by Turkish and other Pirates and many other inconveniences have from thence ensued and more are likely to ensue if they be not timely prevented. Be it therefore Declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie and Liberty to all to the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That it shall and may l"p^rt be lawfull to and for all and singuler persons aswell Strangers as naturall born Subjects of this Realm to import and bring into this Kingdome any quantities of Gunpowder whatsoever paying such Customes and Dudes for the same as by Authority of Parliament shall be limited and set downe.

Ahd be it further Declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for all Sn|^§ ^ and singuler His Majesties Subjects of this his Realm of England to make and sell any quantities of Gunpowder at his make and tell and theire will and pleasure and alsoe to bring into this Kingdom any quantities of Salt peter Brimstone or any other 2j2rtWUps5ef Maferialls necessary or requisite for the making of Gun powder. &c.

And lastly be it Enacted by the Authority [aforesaid *] That if any person or persons from and after the tenth day of pITttjPgI;l^fniT-KHL August which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty and one shall put in execution Letter* Patent*, any Letters Patents Proclamation Edict Act Order Warrant Restraint or other Inhibition whatsoever whereby the fj^t^sL^crty. Importation of Gunpowder Salt peter Brimstone or other the materials aforementioned or any of them from Forraign parts or the making of Gunpowder within this Realm shall be any way prohibited or restrained That then the said person and Prtmunix*. persons so offending shall incurre and sustain the pains penalties and forfeitures contained and provided in the Statute of proraton and premunire made in the sixteenth yeare of the Reign of King Richard the Second.

1 interlined on the Roll.

16° Car. I. c. 22.

A.D. 1640.

Rot. .Pari. l6 Car. p. 2. nu. l8.

c. 8. ante, recited.

Reasons for granting the Subsidy by the said Act.

c. 12. ante, recited.

Reasons for present Grant.

Grant of Tonnage, every Tun of Wine imported, 38.

Like Duty over and above on Sweet Wine imported by Merchant Aliens. Every Awme of Rhenish Wine imported, i2d. Grant of Poundage, every 208. worth of Goods exported, 12d.

The like Duty on Tin and Pewter Vessels exported. Proviso for Woollen Cloth wrought within the Realm and exported by Merchant Denizens; and for Wools, Woolfels, Hides, and Backs of Leather exported; and for all Wines not before mentioned ; and for Fresh Fish and Bestiall imported.

H.

Merchant Denizen to pay, every Sack of Wool 33s. 4d. every 240 Woolfels

33s- 4d-every Last of Hides and Backs g£3. 6s. 8d. and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity. Merciiant Strangers to pay, every Sack of Wool £x. 6. 8. every 240 Woolfels £3. 6s. 8d. every Last of Hides and Backs £$. 13*- 4d. and also certain Duties by Letters Patent, or Great or Privy Seal, since I Jac.I.

111.

The said Subsidy to be applied according to I lac. I. c. 33.

CHAPTER XXH.

A Subsume granted to the King of Tonnage Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandize

exported & imported.

WHEREAS an Act was made this present Parliament intituled A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported whereby it is declared and enacted that it is and hath beene the andent right of the Subjects of this Realm that no subsidie custome impost or other charges whatsoever ought or may be laid or imposed upon any merchandize exported or imported by Subjects Denizens or Aliens without c5mon consent in Parliament And the said Commons then taking int* theire consideration the great perill that might have ensued by not guarding of the Seas and other inconveniencies which might have followed in case the said Sums of money in the said Act mentioned should not have beene granted to your Majestie as in and by the said Act is expressed Did therefore by the advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt unto your Majestie our leige Lord and Soveraigne One subsidie of Tonnage and one other Subsidie of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said Act is expressed To have take perceive and enjoy the subsidies and other sums so granted by the said Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the five and twentieth day of May 1641. unto the fifteenth day of July then next ensuing And whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament with like declaration of the right of the Subjects of this your Realm by which second Act your said Commons did by the like advise of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same give and grant to your Majestie one Subsidie of Tonnage and one other Subsidie of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified and contained To have take perceive and enjoye the Subsidie and other sums so granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the said fifteenth day of July 1641 unto the tenth day of August then next ensuing The said Commons now likewise again taking into theire considerations the great perill that might ensue to this Realm by the not guarding of the Seas and the other inconveniencies which might follow in case the said Sums of money should upon the suddain be forborne to be payed By and with the advice and consent of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same Doe give and graunt to you our supreme leige Lord and Soveraigne one Subsidie called Tunnage that is to say Of every tun of Wine that is or shall come into this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions by way of merchandize the sum of three shillings and so after that rate and of every tunne of Sweet wines aswell Malmesie as other that is or shall come into this Realme by any Merchant Alien three shillings and soe after the rate over and above the three shillings above mentioned And of every awme of Renish Wine that is or shall so come in twelve pence And alsoe one other subsidie called Poundage that is to say Of all manner of Goods and Merchandize of every Merchant Denizen & Alien carried or to be carried out of this Realm or any your Majesties Dominions or to be brought into the same by way of Merchandize of the value of every twenty shillings of the same Goods and Merchandize twelve pence and soe after the rate and of every twenty shillings value of Tynne and Pewter Vessell carried out of this Realme by every or any Merchant Alien twelve pence over and above the twelve pence aforesaid Except and foreprized out of this Grant of Subsidie of Poundage all manner of Woollen Cloth made or wrought or which shall be made or wrought within this Realme of England and by every or any Merchant Denizen and not born Alien carried or to be carried out of this Realme And all manner of Woolls Woolfels Hides and Backs of Leather that is or shall be carried out of this Realme and all Wines not before limited to pay Subsidie or Tonnage and all manner of fresh fish and bestiall coming or that shall come into this Realme.

And further the said Commons by the advice assent and authoritie aforesaid Doe give and grant unto you our said liege Lord our Soveraigne for the causes aforesaid One other subsidie that is to say Of every Merchant born Denizen of and for every Sack of Wooll thirtie three shillings foure pence And of and for every two hundred and fourty Woolfels thirtie three shillings four pence And of and for every last of Hides and Backs three pounds six shillings eight pence and so after the same rate for every lesse or greater quantitie for any the same Merchandize more or lesse And of every Merchant Stranger not born denizen of and for every Sack of Wooll three pounds six shillings eight pence and of and for every two hundred fourtie Woolfels three pounds six shillings eight pence And for every last of Hides and Backs three pounds thirteene shillings foure pence and so of all the said Wools Woolfels Hides and Backs and of every of them after the rate And such other sums of Money as have been imposed upon any Merchandize either outward or inward by ptext of any Letters Patents Commission under the Great Seale of England or Privie Seale since the first yeare of the Reigne of his late Majestie King James of Blessed memorie And which were continued and paid at the begining of this present Parliament To have take enjoy and perceive the Subsidies aforesaid and other the aforementioned sums and every of them and every part and parcell of them to you our said leige Lord and Soveraigne from the ninth day of August 1641. to the first day of December next ensuing

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said Subsidie of Tonnage Poundage Wooll and other sums of money shall be taken and employed during the time aforesaid to and for the intents and purposes and upon and under such Provisions clauses & limitations as are contained in one Act made in Parliament held in the first yeare of the reign of his said late Majestie King James of Blessed memory intituled An Act for the granting of a Subsidie to the King of Tonnage Poundage Woolls &c

16° Car. I. c. 22, 23

133

And it b hereby declared That the sums of money hereby granted upon merchandize are not the rates intended to be continued but the same to be hereafter in this present Parliament altered in such manner as shall be thought fitt.

Pbovidbd that no penalde or forfeiture contained in this present Act or in the said Act made in the first yeare of King James do or shall ensue to any person or persons unlesse they refuse to compound for any Merchandize or Goods imported or exported after notice given of this Act penaltie and Forfeiture by Proclamation where the said Goods are or ought to be entred.

And it b further enacted that any customer or comptroller or any other officer or person that after the determina£6n of thb grant shall take or receive or cause to be taken or received the said Subsidy sums of money or any other impodtion upon merchandize whatsoever exported or imported except the same by Grant in Parliament be due or by such Grant shall become due or have beene continually payed from the end of the reigne of the late King Edward the Third untill the begining of the reigne of the late Queen Mary shall incur and sustain the pains penalties and forfeitures ordained and provided by the Statute of Provision and premunire made in the sixteenth yeere of King Richard the Second and shall alsoe from hence forth be disabled during his life to sue or implead any person in any action reall mixt or personall or in any Court whatsoever

Pbovidbd alwaies That theA& shall not extend to any imposition or charge upon any sort of Tobacco of English Plantations but that the said Tobacco shall be charged onely with the payment of two pence in the pound and no more

Provided alsoe And it b further enacted that thb Ad shall not extend or be construed to charge any person or persons with an imposition or charge of late yeares imposed upon Woollen Cloth and Woollen Commodities known by the name of the pretermitted Customs.

Provided alsoe And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all Grants and Letters Patents under the Great Seale Privy Seale or otherwise containing the Grants of any Subsidies or imposts heretofore made or granted unto any person or persons for or in respect of the transportation exportation or importation of any Goods or merchandize pretended to be due or payable to your Majestie or by any such grants or Letters patents covenanted to be enjoyed or had out of such Subsidies Imposts or Payments as hereafter should be setled by Parliament or otherwise And all Letters Patents or other Grants of the Collection of any Impositions heretofore set without consent in Parliament made or granted to any person whatsoever And alsoe all pensions assignations of moneys and all other payments whatsoever charged or hereafter to be charged on thb subsidy by this Act other then for the uses before in thb Ad intended shall be from henceforth utterly void.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners Saylers and others for the present guarding of the Seas & necessary defence of the Realme & other his Majesties Dominions.

WHEREAS there was an Act thb present Parliament intituled An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners Sailers and others for the present guarding of the Seas and necessary defence of the Realm which Ad b now expired And Whereas alsoe a Fleet b now in preparing to be set forth with all expedition for the guarding of the narrow Seas and necessary defence of this Realm and other his Majesties Dominions in thb time of imminent danger which cannot accordingly be performed unlesse the same be furnished with fit and sufficient men for that service. Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present Parliament That the Lord Admirall that now is dull and may at any time or times betweene the tenth day of December 1641. and the first of November next coming by himselfe hb Vice Admirall Commissioner or Commissioners or other Officer or Officers or any of them togeather with one or more Justices of the Peace next the place where any presse shall be made shall raise levie and impresse such and so many Mariners Sailers Watermen Chirurgions Gunners and Ship Carpenters as shall be requisite and necessary for thb present expedition or for any such further defence of the Realme or any other of hb Majesties Dominions which said Mariners Sailers and other such persons so to be levied and impressed as aforesaid and every of them shall have paid and delivered unto him upon such hb impressing by the person that shall soe impresse him for conduct money for every mile from the place where he shall be soe impressed to the Ship or place to which hee shall be appointed to make hb repaire the sum of one penny and the like sum of one peny for every mile from the place of hb discharge unto the place of his abode and shall be allowed for hb service the best wages and entertainment which have or hath beene allowed by hb Majestie to any such person or persons respectively at any time within three yeares last past And if any Mariner Sailer Waterman Chirurgeon Gunner or Ship Carpenter shall wilfully refuse to be impressed in or for the said Service or shall voluntarily hide and absent himselfe at the time of such presse to avoid the said service that then every such person soe offending shall suffer imprisonment by the space of three monthes without baile or mainprise

Mm

IV.

The above Rates on Merchandise to be altered in this Parliament aa shall be thought fit.

V.

No Penalty in this Act or in 1 Jac. I. c. 33. to attach, unless on Persons refuting to compound for Goods imported or exported.

VI.

Officer, after the Determination of thisGrant, receiving the Subsidy, See. Premunire, and Disability to sue. Exception.

VII.

Proviso for Tobacco of English Plantations.

VIII. Persons not to be charged by this A A with pretermitted Customs.

IX.

Grants of Subsidies by Letters Patent, &c. void.

Rot* Pari. 16 Car. p. 9. nr. 19.

c. 5. ante, recited.

Reciting that a Fleet is preparing for the Defence of the Realm.

Lord Admiral, Etc. empowered to impress Seamen.

Such impressed Men to have Conduct Money at the Rate of xd. per Mile;

and Id have'Wages and Entertainment at the like Rate as for the Three Years last past.

Seamen, &c. refusing to be impresaedfor hiding, &c. themselves. Imprisonment.

16° Car. I. c. 23, 24.

A.D. 1640.

II.

Proviso forMasters, Masters’Mates, &c. that shall be in Employment, and for other Persons described.

III.

No Reward to be taken, or corrupt Practice used, in executing Alt j Penalty j£ao.

Rot. Parl. 16 Car.

p. 2. nu. ao.

Recital that many Subjects, expert Seamen, and others,\ were detained in Captivity, and forced to renounce the Christian Religion, &c.

and that Money had been since the King’s Accession taken from the Subject without Consent of Parliament.

Reasons for passing this A3.

Additional Duty of Customs of One in the Hundred on all Duties to be laid on Goods exported and imported, as herein mentioned, for Three Years, to be received by the Lord Mayor and Chamberlain of London, to be laid out in maintaining a Fleet, under the Uire&ion of a Committee of the Lords and Commons respectively;

Lord Mayor, &c. to be accountable to the said Committee.

II.

If Goods attempted to be exported or imported, and the said Duty not paid.

Provided alwaies That this Act shall not extend to the pressing of any master or masters mate gunner carpenter or [Boatswain *] of any Ship or Vessell that is or shall be in imployment or of above one of ten Mariners of any Ships that shall be inward or outward bound nor to any person that shall be under the age of eighteen or above the age of fifty nor to any person that was rated in the last Subsidies or shall be rated in any Subsidies hereafter to be granted before the time of his being impressed

Provided alwaies And be it enacted that no money or other reward shall be taken or any corrupt pra&ise used by any the persons authorized by this Act in or for the pressing changing sparing or discharging of any person or persons to be impressed by force of this Act under paine of forfeiture of twenty pounds by the person so offending for every such offence the one halfe to his majesty his heires and successours the other halfe to him that will sue for the same to be recovered by action of debt bill plaint or information in any of his Majesties Courts of Record or before the Justices of Assisse Oyer and Terminer Goal Delivery or the Justices of the Peace of the County City or Towne Corporate where such offence shall be committed at theire generall Quarter Sessions wherein no Wager of Law Essoign Protection or Injunction shall be admitted or allowed.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Act for the releife of the Captives taken by Turkish Moorish and other Pirates and to prevent the taking of

others in time to come.

"VX7TJEREAS many thousands of your Majesties good and loving subjects with theire Ships and Goods have of v v late time beene surprised and taken at Sea (as they were in theire lawftill trading) by Turkish Moorish and other Pirats and some of them to free themselves of the cruell and barbarous usage of those Pirats have renounced the Christian Religion and turned Turks and others yet kept in bondage are used with so extretme cruelty as they are in great danger thereby to lose theire lives unlesse they shall alsoe forsake the Christian Religion And diverse of those your subjects kept in bondage (being expert and skilfull Mariners) are usually imployed it Sea against others your good subjects and prove [very4] prejudiciall to them and hurtfull to the trade and merchandise of your Majesties Dominions And whereas aswell your Majesties subjects as Strangers exporting or importing theire goods and merchandize into this Kingdome have ever sithence your Majesties accesse unto this Crowne beene charged with the payment of great sums of money under the name of Custom and that without consent of Parliament which had they beene legally taken ought to have been cheifly imployed to the safeguard of the Seas and preservation of your good subjects in theire trade of merchandize from the spoile of Pirats and other Sea Robbers but have been exhausted by evil Ministers and not applied to their proper uses so that your Highnes good subjects have beene exposed to the mercilesse cruelty of those Pirats and barbarous infidels And the Commons taking into further consideration your Majesties pressing wants and great occasions of moneys in these times of distemper aswell in the Kingdome of Ireland as other Kingdoms of forreign Princes so that there will be required some further aid to inable your Highnes to effect so great a Worke besides the present Tunnage and Poundage now granted to your Majestie have therefore for this present pressing occasion and for a time hereafter limited taken into theire Resolutions a further way of raising a supply of moneys for the providing and setting forth to the Seas a Navie aswell for the enlargement and deliverance of those poore Captives in Argier and other places if Almightie God shall [sol] please to give that blessing unto theire enterprises as alsoe for the preventing of the like future dangers unto your good people theire persons ships and Merchandizes Do therefore pray your Most Excellent Majestie that it may be enacted And be it enacted by authority of this present Parliament That where any Subsidy Custome or other dude after the nine and twentieth day of September in the yeare One thousand six hundred fourty one and before the foure and twentieth day of June then next following shall be laid or imposed by authority of Parliament upon any Goods Wares or other Merchandize of what nature kinde or qualitie soever to be exported out of or imported into this your Majesties Realme of England or Dominion of Wales that one other sum of One in the hundred according to the rates to be established by Parliament within the time aforesaid over and above the said custome subsidie or dutie so to be laid or imposed shall be raised levied and paid from and after the tenth day of December in the yeare One thousand six hundred fourty one aforesaid of and from all and every such Goods Wares and other Merchandize to be imported into or exported out of this your Majesties said Realm of England or Dominion of Wales the said summe of one in the hundred to be raised levied and paid for the space of three yeares next after the said tenth day of December and no longer And received and taken by the Lord Maior and Chamberlain of London for the Time being theire Deputies or Deputie and by them the said Lord Maior and Chamberlain of London for the Time being to be layed out payed and imployed for providing and setting out to sea and maintaining of one or more Fleet or Fleets of good and serviceable Ships and other necessaries to be used and imployed for the purposes aforesaid in such sort as by order of a Committee of the House of Lords and a Committee of the House of Commons in Parliament of this your Majesties Realme of England shall be directed And such Lord Maior and Chamberlain of London who shall receive or disburse any the moneys aforesaid shall be accountable and account for all and every theire receipts and disbursements afore mentioned to the said Committee or to such person or persons as the said Committee shall order and appoint

And be it alsoe enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that if any Goods Wares or other Merchandize whereof the sum of one in the hundred aforesaid is or shall be due and payable by vertue of this Act shall att any time hereafter be shipped or put into any Boat or other Vessell to the intent to be carried into the parts beyond the Seas or else be

1 Boatson O.

9 interlined on the Roll.

16° Car. I. c.24,25.

135

brought from the parts beyond the Seas into any part of this your Realm of England or Dominion of Wales by way of Merchandize and unshipped to be laid on land the sume of one in the hundred as aforesaid due or to be due for the same not payed or lawfully tendered and secured to be paid to the Maior and Chamberlain of London for the time being or theire deputy or deputies for the uses aforesaid all the same goods wares and other merchandize whatsoever shall be forfeited and lost the one moity of the rate or value thereof to be to him or diem that will seize or sue for the same and the other moyde to be imployed to and for the uses before

the Goods to be forfeited*

And for the better incourageraent of Mariners to undertake the said service and Owners of Ships to let out theire Ships for the said imployment Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that if any Ships goods or merchandize of the said Pirats or of the Subjects of any that are or shall be in enmity with your Majesde your heires or successors or the person of any such Pirates shall be taken by the Ships to be imployed in the service before mentioned that one fourth part thereof shall be to the Mariners that shall take the same and one other fourth part to the Owners of the said Ships over and above theire hire and wages and the other two fourth parts to and for such uses as the said Committees shall order and appoint and the overplus of the money to be raised by vertue of this Act and not imployed to and for the service aforementioned (if any shall be) shall alsoe be imployed according to the Order of the same Committees.

III.

Capture* from the Pirate* how to be divided.

And be it further declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid that this psent Act for the raising of iV.

moneys for the setting forth of Ships for the suppressing of Pirates and safety of Merchants shall not hereafter be be drawn into10 drawn into example but that your Majesty would in time to come be pleased to intrust such Ministers as may Example, faithfully imploy the moneys raised by Tonnage and Poundage unto the right and proper uses for the guarding of the Seas and safety of Merchants which will advance the honour of your sacred Majestie abroad and procure the safety peace and happines of your Highnes loyal! and faithful 1 subjects at home.

CHAPTER XXV.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage Poundage and other summes of money payable upon Merchandize R#. Par.p.t.

exported and imported. *•tu

WHEREAS An Act was made this present Parliament intituled A Subsidy granted to the King ot Tonnage and Poundage and other sumes of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported Whereby it is declared & enacted that it is and hath beene the ancient right of the Subjects of this Realme that no Subsidy custome impost or other charges whatsoever ought or may be laid [or imposed'] upon any Merchandize exported or imported by Subjects Denizens or Aliens without comon consent in Parliament And the said Comons then taking into theire consideration the great perill that might have ensued by not guarding of the Seas and other inconveniendes which might have followed in case the said sums of money in the said Act mentioned should not have beene granted to your Majestie as in and by the said Act is expressed Did therefore by [the1] advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and grant unto your Majestie our leige Lord and Soveraigne One Subsidie of Tonnage and one other subsidie of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said Act is expressed To have take perceive and enjoy the Subsidies and other sumes soe granted by the said Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the five and twentieth day of May One thousand six hundred forty one unto the fifteenth Day of July then next ensuing And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament with like declaration of the right of the Subjects of this your Realme by which second Act your said Comons did by the like advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and grant to your Majestie One subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified and conteyned To have take perceive and enjoye the Subsidies and other sums so granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the said fifteenth day of July One thousand six hundred forty one unto the tenth day of August then next ensuing And whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament by which third Act your said Comons did by the like advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and grant to your Majestie one subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such Rates as in the said last recited Act is specified and conteyned To have take enjoye and perceive the said subsidies and other sumes soe granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the ninth day of August One thousand six hundred forty one to the first day of December then next ensuing The said Cdmons now likewise againe takeing into theire consideracon the great perill that might ensue to this Realme by the not guarding of the Seas & the other inconveniendes that might follow in case the said sumes of money should upon the suddaine be forborne to be paid By and with the consent of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same Doe give and grant to you our Supreame Lord & Soveraigne One subsidy called Tonnage that is to say Of every Tun of Wine that is or shall come into this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions by way of Merchandize the sume of three shillings and soe after that rate And of every

c. 8. ante, recited.

Reason for granting the Subsidy by the said AA

c. 12. ante, recited.

c. n. ante, recited.

Reason* for the present Grant.

Grant of Tonnage; for every Ton of Wine imported, j*.

10° Car. I. c. 25.

A.D. 1640.

The Hke Duty over and above for Sweet Wine imported by Merchant Aliena. Every A wine of Rhenish Wine imported, iad. Grant of Poundage; every aos. worth of Goods exported, i ad.

The like Duty on Tin and Pewter

Vessels exported. Proviso for Woollen Cloth wrought within the Realm, and exported by MerchantDenizens; and for Wools, Woolfcls, Hides, and Backs of Leather exported ; and for all Wines not before mentioned. II.

Merchant Denizen to pay, every Sack of Wool, 338. 4d.; every a 40 Woolfels,

338, 4d-;

every Last of Hides «nd Backs,

6s. 8d.; and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity. Merchant Strangers to pay, every Sack of Wool,

j#3. 6s. 8d.; every aao Woolfels, 6* 8d.; every Last of Hides and Backs £3.13 s. 4d.; and also certain Duties by Letters Patent or Great or Privy Seal, since 1 Jac. 1.

III.

The said Subsidy to be applied according to a Jac. 1.0.33.

IV.

The above Rates to be altered in this Parliament as shall be thought 6t.

V.

J^o Penalty in this Act, or in 1 Jac. 1. c. S3, to attach, uoless on Persons refusing to compound for Goods imported or exported.

VI.

Officer, after the Determination of this Grant,receiving the Subsidy; Premuoire, and Disability to sue. Exception.

VII. Proviso for Tobacco of English Plantations.

VIII.

Persons not to be charged by this Act. with pretermitted Customs.

IX.

Grants of Subsidies by Letters Patent, &c. void.

tonn of sweete Wines as well malmesey as other that is or shall come into this Realme by any Merchant Alien three shillings and soe after the rate over and above the three shillings above mentioned And of every Awme of Rhenish Wine that is or shall soe come in twelve pence And alsoe one other Subsidy called Poundage that is to say of all manner of Goods and Merchandize of every Merchant Denizen and Alien carried or to be carried out of this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions or to be brought into the same by way of Merchandize of the value of every twenty shillings of the same goods and merchandize twelve pence and soe after the rate

and of every twenty shillings value of Tynn and Pewter Vessell carried out of this Realme by every or any

Merchant Alien twelve pence over and above the twelve pence aforesaid Except and foreprized out of this [Grant of1] subsidy of Poundage all manner of Woollen Cloth made or wrought or which shall be made or wrought within this Realme of England and by every or any Merchant Denizen and not born Alien carried or to be carried out of this Realme And all manner of Woolls Woolfels Hydes and Backs of Leather that is or shall be carried out

of this Realme and all Wines not before limited to pay subsidy or tonnage And all manner of fresh fish and

bestiall coming or that shall come into this Realme

And further the said Commons by the advice assent & authority aforesaid Doe give and grant unto (*) our said leige Lord our Soveraigne for the causes aforesaid One other Subsidy that is to say Of every Merchant borne Denizen of and for every Sacke of Wooll thirty three shillings foure pence and of and for every two hundred and forty Woolfels thirty three shillings foure pence and of and for every Last of Hides and Backs three pounds six shillings eight pence and so after the same rate for every lesse or greater quantity for any the same merchandize more or lesse And of every Merchant Stranger not borne Denizen of & for every Sacke of Wool] three pounds six shillings eight pence and of and for every two hundred forty Woolfels three pounds six shillings eight pence and for every Last of Hides and Backs three pounds thirteene shillings foure pence And so of all the said Wools Woolfels Hydes and Backs and every of them after the rate And such other sums of money as have beene imposed upon any Merchandize either outward or inward by pretext of any Letters Patents Commission under the Great Seale of England or Privie Seale since the first yeare of the reigne of his late Majestie King James of Blessed memory and which were continued and paid at the begining of this present Parliament To have take enjoye and perceive the Subsidies aforesaid and other the aforementioned sumes and every of them and every part and parcell of them to you our said leige Lord and Soveraigne from the last day of November One thousand six hundred forty one to the first day of February next ensuing

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that the said Subsidy of Tonnage Poundage Woole and other sumes of money shall be taken and employed dureing the time aforesaid to and for the intents and purposes and upon and under such provisions clauses and limitations as are conteyned in one Act made in Parliament held in the first yeare of the reigne of his said late Majestie King James of Blessed Memory entituled An Act for the granting of a Subsidy to the King of Tonnage Poundage Wools &c

And it is hereby declared that the sumes of money hereby granted upon merchandize are not the rates intended to be continued but the same to be hereafter in this present Parliament altered in such manner as shall be thought fit

Provided that no penalty or forfeiture conteyned in this present Act or in the said Act made in the first yeare of King James doe or shall ensue to any person or persons unlesse they refuse to compound to any merchandize or goods imported or exported after notice given of this Act penalty & forfeiture by proclamation where the said goods are or ought to be entred

And it is further enacted that any Customer or Comptroller or any other Officer or person that after the determinac&n of this grant shall take or receive or cause to be taken or received the said subsidy sumes of money or any imposition upon merchandize whatsoever exported or imported except the same by Grant in Parliament be due or by such graunt shall become due or have beene continually paid from the end of the reigne of the late King Edward the Third untill the begining of the Reigne of the late Queene Mary shall incur and sustain the paines penalties and forfeitures ordeined and provided by the Statute of Provision and premunire made in the sixteenth yeare of King Richard the Second and shall alsoe froip henceforth be disabled during his life to sue or impleade any person in any Action reall mixt or personall in any Court whatsoever

Provided alwaies That this Act shall not extend to any imposition or charge upon any sort of Tobacco of English Plantafttos But that the said Tobacco shall be charged only with the payment of two pence in the pound and no more

Provided alwaies And it is further enacted that this Act shall not extend or be construed to charge any person or persons with an imposition or charge of late yeares imposed upon Woollen Cloath and Woolen Comodities knowne by the name of the pretermitted customes

Provided alsoe And be it [further'] enacted by the authority aforesaid that all Grants and Letters Patents under the Great Seale Privy Seale or otherwise conteyning the Grants of any Subsidies or Imposts heretofore made or granted unto any person or person for or in respect of the transportation exportation or importaeftn of any goods or

1 interlined on the Roll.

• you O.

16° Car. I. c. 25, 26.

137

merchandize pretended to be due or payable to your Majestie or by any such Grants or Letters Patents covenanted to be enjoyed or had out of such Subsidies Imposts or Payments as hereafter should be setled by Parliament or otherwise And all Letters Patents or other Grants of the Collection of any impositions heretofore set without consent in Parliament made or granted to any person whatsoever And also All Penc&ns Assigna&ns of moneys and all other payments whatsoever charged or hereafter to be charged on this Subsidy by this Act other then for the uses before in this Act intended shalbe from henceforth utterly voide Provided that if any Merchant shall export any Goods and merchandize which have beene formerly imported and the customes and other duties for the same truly paid that in such case the same allowance shalbe made unto every such merchant as have been formerly by vertue of your Highnes Privy Seale.

CHAPTER XXVL

An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners Sailers and others for the present guarding of the Seas

necessary defence of this Realme & other his Ma*" Dominions.

If ¥ THERE AS the late Act intituled An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners Sailers and others v v for the present guarding of the Seas and necessary defence of the Realme & other his Majesties Dominions is found by experience to be ineffectuall for the supply of the present expedition now intended for the defence of all his Majesties Realmes and Dominions by reason of sundry restricc6ns and doubtfull limitac&ns in the said Act And forasmuch as it highly importeth the safety of all his Majesties said Dominions that severall Fleets of Ships be with all possible speed set forth to the Seas and all manner of diligence be used therein for the raising of Mariners Sailers and others to that purpose Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present Parliament That the Lord Admiral) that now is shall and may at any time or times betweene the first day of February 1641. and the first of November 1642 by himselfe his Vice Admirall Commissioner or Comissioners or other Officer or Officers or any of them levye and impresse such and soe many Mariners Sailers Watermen Chirurgions Gunners & Ship Carpenters as shall be requisite and necessary for this present expedition or for any such further defence of the Realm or any other of his Majesties Dominions which said Mariners Sailers and other such persons so to be levied & imprested as aforesaid and every of them shall have paid & delivered unto him upon such his impressing by the person that shall so impresse him for conduct money for every mile from the place where he shall be soe impressed to the Ship or place to which he shall be appointed to make his repaire the sum of one peny and the like sum of one peny for every mile from the place of his discharge unto the place of his abode and shall be allowed for his service the best wages and entertainment which have or hath beene allowed by his Majestie to any such person or persons respectively at any time within three yeares last past And if any Mariner Sailer Watermen Chirurgion Gunner or Ship Carpenter shall wilfully refuse to be impressed in or for the said service or shall voluntarily hide and absent himselfe att the time of such presse to avoide the said service that then every such person so offending shall suffer imprisonment by the space of three monthes without bail or mainprise.

Provided alwaies That this Act shall not extend to the pressing of any Master of any Ship* or Barque that hath

the charge of any Ship or Barque or unto any Masters Mate or Ship Carpenter of any Ship or Barque that is in

imployment at the time of the said presse.

Provided alwaies And be it enacted that no money or other reward shall be taken or any corrupt practise used by any the persons authorized by this AS in or for the pressing changing sparing or discharging of any person or persons to be impressed by force of this Act under pain of forfeiture of twenty pounds by the person so offending for every such offence the one halfe to his Majestie his heires and successours the other halfe to him that will sue for the same to be recovered by action of debt bill plaint or information in any of his Majesties Courts of Records or before the Justices of Assisse Oyer and Terminer Goal Delivery or the Justices of the Peace of the County City or Town Corporate where such offence shall be committed at theire Generali Quarter Sessions wherein no wager of Law Essoign Protection or Injunction shall be admitted or allowed

Provided alwaies And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that one other Act intituled An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners Sailers and others for the present guarding of the Seas and necessary defence of the Realme and other his Majesties Dominions made in this present Parliament and now in force and

every Article clause and provision therein contained be from the first day of February in the yeare of our Lord

God One thousand six hundred fourty one repealed and made utterly void and of none effeCL

Nn

Proviso for Allowance of Duties on Good* exported.

Ret. Pari. 16 Car. p. 1. am. 21.

e. 2%. ante, found ineffectual.

Lord Admiral empowered to impress Seamen.

Such impressed Men to have ConduCt Money at the Rate of id. per Mile;

and to have Wages and Entertainment at the like Rate as for Three Years last put.

Seamen, fice. refusing to be impressed, or hiding themselves, See.; Imprisonment.

II.

Proviso for Masters, Masters' Mates, &c. in Employment.

III.

No Reward to be taken, or corrupt Practice used, in executing A A; Penalty j£io.

IV.

c. 13. ante, repealed.

16° Car. I. c. 27, 28.

A.D. 1640.

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. p. 2. tut. 33.

Recital that Spiritual Persons ought not to be entangled with secular Jurisdiction.

Archbishops, &c. and Persons in Holy Orders, not to have Seat or Voice in Parliament, &c. or execute any Temporal Authority.

II.

All A6fcs, &c. done by such Persons, void.

Rot. Parl. 16 Car.

p.$.tiu. 1.

Recital that great Commotions, &c. have been raised in Ireland.

The Right of the Subject by Law to be free from being compelled to go out of his County as a Soldier.

Justice of Peace, Mayors, See. empowered to raise and impress Soldiers by Order of the King and both Houses of Parliament;

and to command High Constables See. to bring before them fit Persons to be impressed.

Impress Money, Wages, and Entertainment, &c. allowed at such Rate as the King and both Houses of Parliament shall order.

Persons refusing to be impressed. Imprisonment •sd Penalty, agto.

CHAPTER XXVH.

An Act for disinabling all persons in Holy Orders to exercise any temporall jurisdic&ta or authorities

"YTT WHEREAS Bishops and other persons in Holy Orders ought not to be intangled with secular jurisdiction the V f Office of the Ministerie being of such great importance that it will take up the whole man And for that it is found by long experience that theire intermedling with secular jurisdictions hath occasioned great mischeifs and scandall both to church and state His Majestie out of his religious care of the church and souls of his people is gratiously

pleased that it be enacted And by authorise of this [p*sent'] Parliament Be it enacted that no Archbishop or Bishop or

other person that now is or hereafter shall be in Holy Orders shall at any time after the fifteenth day of February in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty one have any Seat or place suffrage or Voice or use or execute any power or authority in the Parliaments of this Realm nor shall be of the Privy Councell of his Majestie his heires or successours or Justice of the Peace of Oyer and Terminer or Goal Delivery or execute any temporall authoritie by vertue of any Commission but shall be wholly disabled and be uncapable to have receive use or execute any of the said Offices Places Powers Authorities and things aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that all Acts frofti and after the said fifteenth day of February which shall be done or executed by any Archbishop or Bishop or other person whatsoever in Holy Orders

and all and every suffrage or voice given or delivered by them or any of them or other thing done by them or

any of them contrary to the purport and true meaning of this present Act shall be utterly void to all intents constructions and purposes.

CHAPTER XXVffl.

An Act for the better raising and leavying of Souldiers for the present defence of the Kingdoms of England

and Ireland.

FORASMUCH as great Commotions and [Rebellellions *] have beene lately raised and stirred up in his Majesties Kingdome of Ireland by the wicked plots and conspiracies of diverse of his Majesties Subjects there (being traiterously affected) to the great endangering not onely of the said Kingdome but alsoe of this Kingdom of England unlesse a speedy course be taken for the preventing thereof and for the raising and pressing of men for those services And Whereas by the Laws of this Realm none of his Majesties Subjects ought to be [impressed3] or compelled to go out of his county to serve as a souldier in the Wars except in case of necessitie of the sudden coming in of strange enimies into the Kingdome or except they be otherwise bound by the tenure of theire lands or possessions Therefore in respect of the great and urgent necessity of providing a present supply of men for the preventing of these great and imminent dangers and for the speedie suppressing of the said hainous and dangerous Rebellions. Be it enacted by authority of this p>sent Parliament that the Justices of the Peace of every County and Riding within this Realm or any three or more of them as alsoe the Maior or other head Officer or Officers of every Citie or Towne Corporate within this Realm having Justices of the Peace together with any two or more Justices of the Peace of the same Citie or Towne Corporate respectively or in default of such Justices then with two or more Justices of the Peace of the County wherein the said City or Town is shall and may att any time or times between the first of December One thousand six hundred fourty and one and the first of November which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred forty two within theire severall limits and jurisdictions raise levie and impresse so many men [for ’] Souldiers Gunners and Chirurgions as shall be appointed by order of the Kings Majestie his heires or successors and both Houses of Parliament for the said services and to command all and every the high Constables other Constables and inferiour Officers of and within every such County Riding City or Towne Corporate or the liberties thereof respectively by warrant under the hands & Seales of such Justices of the Peace Maior or other head Officer or Officers as are authorized by this Act as aforesaid to

bring before them any such person or persons as shall be fit and necessary for the said services which said persons

soe to be imprested as aforesaid and every of them shall have such imprest money and such Allowance for coat and conduCt unto the place of theire rendevous as likewise such wages and entertainment from the time of theire first entring into pay during theire continuance in the said Services and such other necessary charges and allowances shall be made touching the said presse the said money and other charges and allowances to be paid by such persons and in such manner as by order of his Majesty his heires and successors and of both Houses of Parliament shall be appointed And if any person or persons shall wilfully refuse to be imprested for the said services that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said persons soe authorized as aforesaid to the said presse to commit such Offender to prison there to remaine without bail or mainprise by the space of six monthes and untill

he shall pay the sum of ten pounds to the Treasurers for the maimed Souldiers of the same County City or

Town Corporate where any such Treasurers are to be imployed for and towards the releife and maintenance of such Souldiers Gunners and Chirurgions as shall happen to be maimed in the said services or if none [such1] shall happen to be then for the releife of other the maimed Souldiers of the said County City or Towne Corporate respectively and in default of payment of the said sum then the said person offending to remaine in prison by the 6pace of one whole yeare over and above the said six monthes without bail or mainprize

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c.28,29.

J39

Provided alwaies that this Act shall not extend to the pressing of any Clergyman or any Schollers or Students or privQedged persons of either of the Universities Innes of Court or Chancery or any of the Trained bands of this Readme or to (*) the pressing of any other person who was rated towards the payment of the last Subsidies or that shall be rated or taxed towards the payment of any Subsidies hereafter to be granted before the time of such impresting or to the eldest son of any person who is or shall be before the time of such impresting rated in the subsidie Booke at three pound lands or five pound goods or to any person of the rank or degree of an Esquire or upwards or to the •on of any such person of the said ranke or degree or of the Widow of any such person or to any person under the age of eighteen or above the age of threescore yeares or to any Marriners Seamen or Fishermen

Provided alsoe And be it enacted that no money or other reward shall be taken or other corrupt practise used in or for the pressing changing or releasing of any person imprested or to be imprested by force of this Act by any person hereby authorized in that behalfe or theire Agents under pain of forfeiture of twenty pounds by every person so offending for every such offence to be paid and imployed to the Treasurers of the maimed Souldiers in manner and to the uses aforesaid

Provided alsoe And be it enacted That this psent Act shall not extend to the impresting of any of the meniall servants of the Members or Assistants or Officers of the Lords House of Parliament or to the meniall [servants of the Members or Officers of the House of Commons or of any of the inhabitants of the Isle of Wight or of the kle of Anglesey or of any of the Cinque Ports or Members thereof.

CHAPTER XXIX.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage Poundage and other sumes of money payable upon merchandize exported

and imported.

"VTT WHEREAS an Act was made this present Parliament entituled A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage v v and Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandize exported & imported whereby it is declared and enacted that it is and hath beene the ancient right of the subjects of this Realme that no subsidy custome impost or other charges whatsoever ought or may be [laid or1] imposed upon any merchandize exported

or imported by subjects Denizens or Aliens without comon consent in Parliament And the said Comons then

taking into theire considerations the great perill that might have ensued by not guarding of the Seas and other inconveniencies which might have followed in case the said sumes of money in the said Act mentioned should not have beene granted to your Majestie as in and by the said Act is expressed Did therefore by the advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritye of the same give and graunt unto your Majestie our leige Lord and Soveraigne One subsidy of Tonnage and other subsidy of poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said Act is expressed To have take perceive and enjoy the Subsidies & other

sums soe granted by the said Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your [Hignes3] from

the five and twentieth day of May One thousand six hundred forty one unto the fifteenth day of July then next coming And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament with like declaration of the right of the subjects of this your Realme by which second Act your said Comons did by the like advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt to your Majestie One Subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is» specified and conteyned To have take perceive and enjoye the subsidy and other sumes soe granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the said fifteenth day of July One thousand six hundred forty one unto the tenth day of August then next ensuing And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament by which third Act your said Cfimons did by the like advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt to your Majestie One subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner & according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified and conteyned To have take enjoye & perceive the said subsidies and other sumes soe granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the ninth day of August One thousand six hundred forty one to the first day of December then next ensuing And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament by which fourth Act your said Cfimons did by the like advice of the- Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt to your Majestie One subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified and conteyned To have take enjoye and perceive the said subsidies and other sumes soe granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the last day of November One thousand six hundred forty one unto the first day of February then next ensuing The said Comons now likewise againe taking into theire consideration the great perill that might ensue to this Realme by the not guarding of the Seas and the other inconveniencies that might follow in case the said sums of money should upon the suddaine be forborne to be paid By and with the advice and consent of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same doe give and graunt to you our

II.

Proviso for Clergymen, Students in the Universities and of Law, the Trained Bands, and other Persona herein named.

III.

No Reward to be taken, or corrupt practice used, in executing Act* Penalty jgio.

IV.

Proviso for Menial Servants of Members, See. of Houses of Parliament; for the Isle of Wight, Anglesey, & Cinque Ports,

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. A3-

c. 8. ante, recited.

Reason for granting the Subsidy by the said Act.

c. ia. ante, cecited.

c. 22. ante, recked.

c. 25. ante, ivdled.

Reasons for the present Grant.

140

16° Car. I. c.29.

A.D. 1640.

Grant of Tonnage for every Ton o? Wine imported, 3s. The like Duty over and above on Sweet Wine imported by Merchant Aliens. Every Awme of Rhenish Wine imported, I2d. Grant of Poundage; every 20s. worth of Goods exported, 12d.

The like Duty on Tin and Pewter Vessels exported. Proviso for Woollen Cloth wrought within the Realm, and exported by MerchantDenizens; and for Wools

supreame Lord and Soveraigne One subsidy called Tonnage that is to say of every Tunn of Wine that is or shall come into this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions by way of merchandize the sume of three shillings and so after thac rate And of every Tunne of Sweet Wines as well Malmesye as other that is or shall come into this Realme by any Merchant Alien three shillings and so after the rate over and above the three shillings above menf&ned And of every Awme of Rhenish Wine that is or shall soe come in twelve pence And alaoe one other Subsidy called Poundage that is to say of all manner of goods and merchandize of every Merchant Denizen and Alien carried or to be carried out of this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions or to be brought into the same by way of merchandize of the value of every twenty shillings of the same Goods and Merchandize twelve pence and so after the rate And of every twenty shillings value of Tynne and Pewter Vessell carried out of this Realme by every or any Merchant Alien twelve pence over and above the twelve pence aforesaid Except and foreprized out of this Graunt of Subsidy of Poundage all manner of Woollen Cloath made or wrought of which shall be made or wrought within this Realme of England and by every or any Merchant Denizen and not borne alien carried or to be carried out of this Realme and all manner of Woolls Woolfels Hides and Backs of Leather that [is or 1 ] shall be carried out of this Realme and all Wines not before limited to pay subsidy or tonnage and all manner of fresh fish and bestiall coming or that shall come into this Realme

Woolfels, Hides, and Backs of Leather exported ; and for all Wines not before mentioned; and for Fresh Fish and Bestiall imported.

N.

Merchant Denizen to pay, every Sack of Wool, 33s. 4d.; every 340 W oolfels, 33»- 4<1-!

every last of Hides and Backs,

£3. 6s. 8d.; and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity. Merchant Strangers to pay, every Sack of Wool, j6*3. 6s. 8d.; every 24oWoolfels, £y 6s. 8 d.; every Last of Hides and Backs £3. 13s. 4d.; and also certain Duties, by Letters Patent or Great or Privy Seal, since 1 Jac. I.

And further the said Commons by the assent advice and authority aforesaid doe give and graunt unto you our said leige Lord Our Soveraigne for the causes aforesaid One other subsidy that is to say of every Merchant borne Denizen of and for every sacke of Wooll thirty three shillings foure pence and of and for every two hundred and forty Woolfells thirty three shillings foure pence and of and for every Last of Hides and Backs three pounds six shillings eight pence and so after the same rate for every lesse or greater quantity for any the same merchandize more or lesse And of every Merchant stranger not borne denizen of and for every sacke of Wooll three pounds six shillings eight pence and of and for every two hundred forty Woolfells three pounds six shillings eight pence and for every Last of Hides & Backs three pounds thirteene shillings foure pence and so of all the said Woolls Woolfells Hides and Backs and every of them after the rate and such other sumes of money as have beene imposed upon any merchandize either outward or inward by ptext of any Letters.Patents Commission under the Great Seale of England or Privie Seale since the first yeare of the Reigne of his late Majestie King James of Blessed Memory and which were continued and paid att the begining of this present Parliament To have take enjoye and perceive the Subsidies aforesaid and other the foremen£6ned sumes and every of them and every part and parcell of them to you our said leige Lord and Soveraigne from the last day of January One thousand six hundred forty one to the five and twentieth day of March next ensuing

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said Subsidy of Tonnage Poundage Wooll and other sumes of money shall be taken and employed during the time aforesaid to and for the intents and purposes and upon and under such provisions clauses and limitaeftns as are conteyned in one Ad made in Parliament held in the first yeare of the reigne of his said late Majesde King James of Blessed memory entituled An Act for the granting of a Subsidy to the King of Tonnage Poundage Wools &c

III.

The said Subsidy to be applied according to I Jac. I. c. 33.

IV

The above Rates on Merchandize to be altered in this Parliament as shall be thought fit.

No Penalty in this Act, or in 1 Jac. I. c. 33. to attach, unless on Persons refusing to compound for Goods unported or exported.

VI.

Officer, after the Determination of this Grant,receiving the Subsidy; Premunire, and Disability to sue. Exception.

VII.

Proviso for

Tobacco of English Plantations.

VIII.

Persons not to be charged by this Act with pretermitted Customs.

And it is hereby declared that the sumes of money hereby granted upon merchandize are not the rates intended to be continued but the same to be hereafter in this present Parliament altered in such manner as shall be thought fitt

Provided that no penalty or forfeiture conteyned in this present Act or in the said Act made in the first

yeare of King James doe or shall ensue to any person or persons unlesse they refuse to compound for any

merchandize or goods imported or exported after notice given of this Act penalty and forfeiture by proclamation where the said goods are or ought to be entred

And it is further enacted that any Customer or Comptroller or any other Officer or person that after the

determination of this graunt shall take or receive or cause to be taken or received the said subsidie sumes of money or any imposition upon merchandize whatsoever exported or imported except the same by Graunt in Parliament be due or by such graunt shall become due or have beene continually paid from the end of the reigne of the late King Edward the Third untill the begining of the reigne of the late Queene Mary shall incur and sustaine the paines penalties and forfeitures ordeyned and provided by the Statute of Provision & pmunire made in the sixteenth yeare of King Richard the Second And shall also from henceforth be disabled during his life to sue or implead any person in any action reall mixt or personall or in any Court whatsoever

Provided alwaies that this Act shall not extend to any imposition or charge upon any sorte of Tobacco of English Plantations but that the said Tobacco shall be charged only with the payment of two pence in the pound and no more.

Provided alwaies And it is further enacted that this Act shall not extend or be construed to charge any person or persons with an imposition or charge of late yeares imposed upon Woollen Cloath and Woolen Comodities knowne by the name of the permitted customes.

IX.

Grants of Subsidies by Letters Patent, &c. are to be void.

Provided also And be it [further1] enacted by the authority aforesaid that all graunts and Letters Patents under the Great Seale Privy Seale or otherwise conteyning the Grants of any subsidies or imposts heretofore made or granted to any person or persons for or in respect of the transportation exportation or importation of any Goods

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 29, 30.

141

or merchandise pretended to be due or payable to your Majestie or by any such Grants or Letters Patents covenanted

to be enjoyed or had out of such subsidies imposts or payments as hereafter should be setled by Parliament or other wise

and all Letters Patents or other Grants of the Collodion of any impositions heretofore set without consent in

parliament made or granted to any person whatsoever And alsoe all Penc&ns Assignac&ns of moneys and all other

payments whatsoever charged or hereafter to be charged on this subsidy by this Act other then for the uses before in

this Act intended shall be from henceforth utterly void Provided that if any Merchant shall export any Goods and Proviso for

Merchandize which have beene formerly imported and the customes and other duties for the same truly paid that Dod^oTGLxli

in such case the same allowance shall be made unto every such merchant as have beene formerly by vertue of your exported.

Highocs Privy Seale.

CHAPTER XXX.

An Act for a speedie contribution and loan towards the releife of his Majesties distressed Subjects of the

Kingdome of Ireland.

WHEREAS sithence the begining of the late Rebellion in Ireland diverse cruell Murthers and Massacres of the Protestants there have beene and are daily comitted by Popish Rebells in that Kingdome by occasion whereof great multitudes of godly and religious people there inhabiting togeather with theire wives children and families for the preservation of theire lives have been inforced to forsake theire habitations meanes and livelihood in that kingdome and to [flee *] for succour into severall parts of his Majesties Realme of England and Dominion of (*) Wales having nothing left to depend upon but the charitable benevolence of well disposed persons. The Lords and Commons now assembled in Parliament taking the same into theire charitable consideration for the honour of Almightie God and the preservation of the true Protestant Religion and Professours thereof have resolved presendy themselves to contribute towards the necessities of the said poore distressed chrisdans who being many in number it is thought expedient that through all his Majesties Realm of England and Dominion of Wales a generall collection should with all expedition be made for that purpose. And forasmuch alsoe as a present supply of money is necessary for the raising of men to suppresse the said Rebellion which otherwise may indanger the peace and safety of this kingdome May it therefore please your most excellent Majestie that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majestie and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authorise of the same that all and every the Churchwardens and Overseers of the poore within all and every the severall places and parishes in all and every county or counties Cities or Townes whatsoever within his Majesties said Realm of England and Dominion of Wales shall and may forthwith and before the first day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God 1642. within theire respective parishes and places aforesaid and for the purpose aforesaid aske take receive and gather the severall gifts and charitable benevolences of all and every person and persons to and for the uses aforesaid and the sums soe received and gathered in each severall place or parish togeather with the persons names that shall give the same they or some or one of them to set downe in a Note in writing in words at large and not in figures and the same Note togeather with the said sums of money forthwith to pay and deliver to the severall High Constables of every hundred circuit or division where such collection is or shall be made who shall forthwith pay and deliver the said severall sums and notes thereof to the severall Sheriffes of each countie which said Sheriffs and Constables are to give severall acquittances or discharges for the same respectively saving and except that within the dtie of London the sums soe to be collected and the notes thereof in writing so taken shall be immediately delivered to Sir Edmund Wright Sir James Cambell and Sir George Whitmore Knights Aldermen of the Cine of London and Robert Bateman Esquire Chamberlain of the said Citie And the sums to be collected within the Citie of Westminster and Notes thereof taken to Sir Arthur Ingram and Sir Robert Pye Knights William Wheeler and William Bell Esquires which persons before named are by this Act appointed Receivers and Treasurers for that purpose and to give acquittances and discharges for the same.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said severall Sheriffes from and after such receipt of the said severall sums of money shall with all possible speede and before the first day of July which shall be in the tad yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred fourty and two pay over all the said severall sums of money aid deliver the said notes to the Receivers and Treasurers by this Act appointed or some or one of them who alsoe are to give severall acquittances and discharges for the same and are by this Act to be accomptable and responsable to die Parliament for the said severall sums

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that for the better collecting and receiving of the said severall sumes by this Act appointed or intended severall Commissions shall forthwith be made and directed by the Lord Chancellour or Lord Keeper for the time being out of the Court of Chancerie under the Great Seale unto the severall Commissioners named in one Ad lately made in this present Parliament intituled An Act for the releife of his Majesties Army and the Northenie parts of this Kingdome And alsoe one other Commission for the Citie of Bristoll to the Maior for the time being and to John Taylor John Gunning John Tomlinson Andrew Carleton Richard Helworth William Jones Ezechiell Wallis George Knight and John Lock Esquires And other Commissions to every of the Cinque Ports that is to say To the Maior for the time being Steven Munnings Thomas Day John Brome William Richards Samuel Dell Robert Brome Jurates for the towne and port of Dover and theire right members For the towne and port of Folstone The Maior for the time being Robert Culverdown Thomas

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. A3*

Murders and Massacres of Protestants in Ireland, and Distresses of those that have been obliged to flee, recited.

Churchwardens, &c. to ask and gather Charitable Donations within their Parishes;

and the Sums received, and the Names of the Persons giving, to note and deliver to High Constables, who are to pay and deliver the same to the Sheriffs, who, and the said Constables, are to give Acquittances for the same.

How such Monies are to be collected, &c. in London.

n.

Sheriff to pay and deliver the said Money and Notes to Receivers, &c. appointed by this Ah who are to give acquittances.

in.

Commissions to issue under the Great Seal for collecting such Monies to the Commissioners named in c. a. ante. Commission to Bristol.

To the Cinque Ports.

Dover.

Folkstone.

O o

142

16° Car. I. c. 30.

A.D. 1640.

New Romney. Lid.

Hithe.

Sandwich.

Rye.

Tenterden.

Winchelsca.

Schedule of Tenor of Act to be affixed to Commission.

Commissioners to exhort the people in their respe6bve Limits to contribute;

and to collect Monies;

and such Monies, together with Notes in Writing of the Names of the Persons contributing, to transmit, under their Hands, to the Sheriffs, who are to give Acquittances. Monies contributed in London and Westminster to be paid to the Receivers before mentioned, who are to give Acquittances. Interest at j£8. per Cent, on Monies lent.

Inneth For Feversham To the Maior for the time being Master Bois Master Marlow Master Crump For the towne and port of New Rumney To the Maior for the time being Robert Wivell Steven Etherick John Wilcock William Lancaster Gentlemen For the towne of Lid To the Bayliffe for the time being Thomas Tapp Thomas Struggle John Bate William Godfrey Gent For the towne and port of Heith and the members thereof To the Maior for the time being William Deede John Down John Hogben John Crump John Lambert For the towne and port of Sandwich and the Members thereof To the Maior for the time being [Stephen Inckpet William Nelson George Wood Mathew Peak Jurats For Rye with ye members of it To y* Maior for y* time being1] Robert Ewen Richard Cockram Joseph Bembrick Allen Gribble Jurates For Tenterden To the Maior for the time befog Robert Pope Samuel Short Esquires John Austen Thomas Short Jurates For the town of Winchelsea To the Maior for the time being and Daniel White a Jurate And to every of the said Commissions one or more Schedules containing in them the tenor of this Act shall be affixed by which Commission the Commissioners in every such Commission named according to this Act or any three or more of them shall by vertue of this Act before the first day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred fourty and one summon and call togeather at such places and times and by such waies and meanes as they or any three or more of them shall appoint such person and persons residing within the severall Counties where they shall be appointed Commissioners as they in theire discretions shall thinke fitt and earnestly to move and perswade them liberally to contribute and lend money toward so good a worke And the said Commissioners are alsoe required to collect and gather such sums of money as themselves or any of them shall thinke fitt to give or lend to the uses aforesaid it being hoped and expected that by theire good example herein they will incourage others to doe the like and such sums of money as shall be soe lent to the uses aforesaid by any person or persons whatsoever together with notes in writing of the said severall sumes and of the names of the severall Lenders thereof under the hands of the said Commissioners or any twoe or more of them to be paid and delivered over with all posable speed to the Sheriffes of the said severall Counties respectively where such person or persons so lending shall be resident the said Sheriffes giving severall Acquittances for receipt thereof (saving and except) that within the Cities of London and Westminster the sums which shall be there so lent shall be immediately by the persons lending the sum paid and delivered to the Treasurers and Receivers before menc&ned for the said respective Cities who shall give severall acquittances for the same All which acquittances shall be a sufficient Warrant for the persons producing the same to receive the severall sums of money soe by them lent as aforesaid with interest for the forbearance thereof after the rate of eight pound per centum for a yeare out of such moneys as shall be raised by an Act of Parliament to be made for that purpose for the well and true payment whereof this present A d doth give publique faith and security

IV.

Sheriffs to pay and deliver Monies and Notes to Treasurers, who are to give Acquittances;

and to be responsible to Parliament.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that from and after such receipt of the said severall sums which shall be so tent as aforesaid the said severall sheriffs shall with all possible speed and before the first day of July which shall be in the yeare One thousand six hundred fourty and two pay and deliver over all the said severall sums of money so lent as aforesaid together with the said severall Notes of the said severall sums and of the severall lenders thereof in writing under the hands of the said Commissioners or any two or more of them to the said Treasurers before mentioned or some or one of them who alsoe are to give severall acquittances to the said Sheriffes respectively for the same and are by this Act alsoe to be accountable and responsable to the Parliament for the same as aforesaid.

V.

The said Monies to be distributed as by both Houses of ftrliament appointed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all the said severall sums which shall be given or lent as aforesaid shall be issued out and distributed to the uses aforesaid to such persons and in such manner as from time to time appointed by the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled and not otherwise or in any other manner

VI. Notes, &c. of Collectionsto be printed and published.

And for the better discovery of the true payment of all and every the severall sums of money aforesaid and the avoiding of all deceits and evil dealing touching all and every the pmisses Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all and every the said severall Notes or Schedules of Collections (after the same shall be so returned to the said Receivers and Treasurers aforesaid) shall be imprinted and published

VII. Members of the Commons to •end Copy of Act to Sheriffs, who, together with Mayors, See. are to publish and execute the same.

Sheriffs, Mayors, &c. in England and Wales, to take Notice of Ad, and all Parsons, &c. are to make the same known.

And for the more speedy execution of this psent Ad in respect of the said ^sent and pressing necessity of the said poore distressed persons. Be it further likewise enacted that immediately after the imprinting of this Act the severall Knights Citizens Burgesses and Barons of the Cinque Ports for this present Parliament shall forthwith respectively send unto the Sheriffs of the said severall Counties and to the Cities Boroughs and Ports for which they serve one or more severall books of this present Act of Parliament which said Act the said severall Sheriffs of each severall Countie and the Maiors Bayliffs and Head Officers of each severall City Borough and Towne Corporate or Port are hereby required to receive and forthwith by all good and lawfull wayes and meanes to publish and put the same in due execution And all Sheriffs Maiors Bayliffs Head Officers Ministers Parsons Vicars Curates Church Wardens and Overseers of the Poore whatsoever within this Realme of England & Dominion of Wales are by this Act required to take notice of the pmisses And also all Ministers Parsons Vicars Curates Churchwardens and Overseers of the poor to use theire best endeavors for the performance thereof by publishing the same in the severall Parish Churches and Chappels within [this1] Realme of England and Dominion of Wales as by all other good wayes and meanes whatsoever

1 interlined on the Roll.

4 the 0.

t^.

16° Car. I. c.30,31.

143

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that in case any Sheriffe Commissioner Maior Bailiffs Head Officer Minister Person Vicar Curate Churchwarden Overseer of the Poore or other Officer or Officers or other person or persons whatsoever by this Act nominated or required to be aiding or assisting in the due execution thereof shall neglect the due performance of his or theire duties therein that he or they shall be accomptable and answerable in Parliament for such his or theire neglect.

VIII. Sheriff, See* neglecting to execute Act answerable in Parliament*

Provided alwaies That this Act shall not be put in execution touching any such Collection Loan or Contbin^ceofAd contribution as aforesaid longer then or from or after the first day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God 164a.

CHAPTER XXXI.

A Subsidy graunted to the King of Tonnage Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandize JUi.Parl. 16 Car.

exported & imported. ^.3. «*• 4.

WHEREAS an Act was made this psent Parliament entituled A Subsidy graunted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums of money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported whereby it is declared and enacted that it is and hath beene the ancient right of the subjects of this Realme that no subsidy custome impost or other charges whatsoever ought or may be laid or imposed upon any merchandize exported or imported by Subjects Denizens or Aliens without comon consent in Parliament And the said Commons then taking into theire considerac6ns the great perill that might have ensued by not guarding of the Seas and other inconveniencies which might have followed in case the said sums of money in the said Act menc&ned should not have beene graunted to your Majestie as in and by the said Act is expressed did therefore by the advice of the Lords in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt unto your Majestie our leige Lord and Soveraigne One subsidy of Tonnage and One other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said Act is expssed To have take perceive & enjoye the subsidies and other sums so graunted by the said Act and every of them and every part & parcell of them to your Highnes from the five and twentieth day of May One thousand six hundred forty and one unto the fifteenth day of July then next coming And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament with like declaration of the right of the Subjects of this your Realme by which second Ad your said Cdmons did by the like advice of the Lords in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt to your Majestie One Subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified and conteyned To have take perceive and enjoye the subsidies and other sums so granted [by the said last recited Act'] and every of them and every part & parcell of them to your Highnes from the said fifteenth day of July One thousand six hundred forty and one unto the tenth day of August then next ensuing And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this psent Parliament by which third Ad your said Commons did by the like advice of the Lords in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt to your Majestie One subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified & conteyned To have take enjoye and perceive the said subsidies and other sums so granted by the said last recited Act & every of them & every parte and parcell of them to your Highnes from the ninth day of August One thousand six hundred forty and one to the first day of December then next ensuing And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament by which fourth Ad your said Commons did by the like advice of the Lords in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt to your Majestie One Subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified & conteyned To have take enjoye & perceive the said Subsidies & other sums soe granted by the said last recited Act & every of them & every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the last day of November One thousand six hundred sortie and one unto the first day of February then next ensuing And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this psent Parliament by which fifth Ad the said Commons did by the like advice of the Lords in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and grant to your Majestie One subsidy of Tunnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified To have take enjoye Sc perceive the said subsidies & other sumes soe granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the first day of February One thousand six hundred forty Sc one unto the five and twentieth day of March then next following The said Commons nowe likewise againe taking into theire consideration the great perill that might ensue to this Realme by the not guarding of the Seas and the other inconveniencies that might follow in case the said sumes of money should upon the suddaine be forborne to be paid By and with the advice and consent of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled Sc by the authority of the same Doe give and graunt to you our supreame Lord & Soveraigne One subsidy called Tonnage that is to say Of every Tonne of Wine that is or shall come into this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions by way of merchandize the sume of three shillings and so after that rate And of every Tunne of Sweet Wines as well Malmsey as other that is or shall come into this Realme by any Merchant Alien three shillings and soe after the rate over and above the three shillings above menc&ned And of every awme of Rhenish Wine that is or shall soe come in twelve

e. 8. ante, recited.

Reasons for granting the Subsidy by the said Act

c. 1a. ante, recited.

c. i*. ante, recited.

c. 25. ante, recited.

c. 29. ante, recited

Reasons for the present Grant. Grant of Tonnage, for every Ton of Wine imported, 3s. The like Duty over and above on Sweet Wine imported by Merchant Aliens. Every Awme of Rhenish Wine imported, tad.

16° Car. I. c.31.

A.D. 1640.

Grantof Poundage, every 20s. worth of Goods exported, lad.

The like Duty on Tin and Pewter Vessels exported. Proviso for Woollen Cloth wrought within the Realm, and exported by Merchant Denizens; and for Wools, Woolfells, Hides and Backs of Leather exported, and for all Wines not before mentioned, and for Fresh Fish and Bestial imported.

11.

Merchant Denizen to pay every Sack of Wool 3as. 4d. every 240 Woolfells 33s. 4d.

every Last of Hides and Backs £$. 6s. 8d. and so m proportion for every greater or less Quantity. Merchant Strangers to pay every Sack ofWooljtfa.6s.8d.; every 240 Woolfells j£3. 6s. 8d. every Last of Hides and Backs £%. 13s. 4d.; and also certain Duties by Letters Patent, or Great or Privy Seal, since 1 Jac. I.

III.

The said Subsidy to be applied according to 1 Jac. 1. c. 33.

IV.

The above Rates or Merchandize to be altered in this Parliament as shall be thought fit.

No Penalty in this Act or in 1 Jac. I. c.33. to attach unless on Persons refusing to compound for Goods imported or exported.

VI.

Officer after the Determination of this Grant receiving Subsidy, Preifiunire and Disability to sue. Exception.

VII.

Proviso for Tobacco of English Plantations.

VIII.

Persons not to be charged by this Act with pretermitted Customs.

IX.

Grants of Subsidies by Letters Patent, &c. void.

Proviso for Allowance of Duties on imported Goods exported.

pence And alsoe one other Subsidy called Poundage that is to say Of all manner of goods & merchandize of every merchant denizen & alien carried or to be carried out of this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions or to be brought into the same by way of Merchandize of the value of every twenty shillings of the same goods & merchandize twelve pence and soe after the rate and of every twenty shillings value of Tynne and Pewter Vessell carried out of this Realme by every or any Merchant Alien twelve pence over and above the twelve pence aforesaid Except and foreprized out of this grant of Subsidy of Poundage all manner of Woolen Cloath made or wrought or which shall be made or wrought within this Realme of England and by every or any Merchant Denizen and not borne Alien carried or to be carried out of this Realme And all manner of Woolls Woolfels Hides and Backs of Leather that is or shall be carried out of this Realme and all Wines not before limited to pay subsidy or Tonnage And all manner of Fresh Fish & bestiall coining or that shall come into this Realme.

And further the said Commons by the assent advice & authority aforesaid Doe give and graunt unto you our said leidge Lord our Soveraigne for the causes aforesaid One other Subsidy that is to say Of every Merchant borne denizen of and for every sacke of Wooll thirty three shillings foure pence and of and for every twoe hundred and forty woolfels thirty three shillings foure pence and of and for every Last of Hides & Backs three pounds six shillings & eight pence and soe after the same rate for every lesse or greater quantity for any the same merchandize more or lesse And of every Merchant Stranger not borne Denizen of and for every Sack of Wool three Pounds (') six shillings eight pence and of and for every two hundred forty Woolfels three pounds six Shillings eight pence and for every Last of Hides and Backs three pounds thirteene shillings foure pence and so of all the said Wools Woolfels Hides and Backs and every of them after the rate And such other sumes of money as have beene imposed upon any merchandize either outward or inward by ptext of any Letters Patents Commission under the Great Seale of England or Privy Seale since the first yeare of the reigne of his late Msqestie King James of Blessed Memory and which were continued and paid at the begining of this present Parliament To have take enjoye and perceive the subsidies aforesaid & other the aforementioned sumes and every of them and every part and parcell of them to you our said leige [Lord1] and Soveraigne from the foure and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred forty & one to the third day of May next ensuing

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said subsidy of Tonnage Poundage Wooll and other sumes of money shall be taken and employed during the time aforesaid to and for the intents and purposes and upon and under such provisions clauses and limitations as are conteyned in one Act made in Parliament held in the first yeare of the reigne of his said late Majestie King James of Blessed Memory entituled An Act for the granting of a Subsidy to the King of Tonnage Poundage Wools &c

And it is hereby declared that the sumes of money hereby granted upon merchandize are not the rates intended to be continued but the same to be hereafter in this present Parliament altered in such manner as shall be thought fit

Provided that no penaltie or forfeiture conteyned in this present Act or in the said Act made in the first yeare of King James doe or shall ensue to any person or persons unlesse they refuse to compound for any merchandize or goods imported or exported after notice given of this Act penalty and forfeiture by Proclamation where the said goods are or ought to be entred

And it is further enacted that any Customer or Comptroller or any other Officer or person that after the determination of this Grant shall take or receive or cause to be taken or received the said Subsidy sumes of money or any imposition upon merchandize whatsoever exported or imported except the same by Grant in Parliament be due or by such Grant shall become due or have beene continually paid from the end of the (3) late King Edward the Third untill the begining of the reigne of the late Queene Mary shall incurr and sustaine the paines penalties and forfeitures ordeined and provided by the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the sixteenth yeare of King Richard the Second and shall also from henceforth be disabled during his life to sue or implead any person in any Action reall mixt or personall or in any Court whatsoever

Provided alwaies that this Act shall not extend to any imposition or charge upon any sort of Tobacco of English Plantations but that the said Tobacco shall be charged only with the payment of two pence in the pound and no more

Provided alwaies And it is further enacted that this Act shall not extend or be construed to charge any person or persons with an imposition or charge of late yeares imposed upon Woollen Cloath and Woolen ctimodities knowne by the name of the ptermitted customes

Provided alsoe And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all Grants and tres Patents under the Great Seale Privy Seale or otherwise conteyning the Grants of any subsidies or imposts heretofore made or granted to any person or persons for or in respect of the transportation exportation or importation of any goods or merchandize pretended to be due or payable to your Majestie or by any such Grants or ires Patents covenanted to be enjoyed or had out of such Subsidies Imposts or payments as hereafter should be setled by Parliament or otherwise And all ires Patents or other Grants of the Collection of any impositions heretofore set without consent in Parliament made or granted to any person whatsoever And alsoe all pentiOns assignations of moneys and all other payments whatsoever charged or hereafter to be charged on this subsidy by this Act other then for the uses before in this Act intended shalbe from henceforth utterly voide Provided that if any Merchant shall exporte any Goods and merchandize which have beene formerly imported & the customes and other duties for the same truly paid that in such case the same allowances shall be made to every such Merchant as have beene formerly by vertue of your Highnes Privy Seale.

1 sixe 0. 1 interlined on the Roll. 3 Raigne of the 0.

16° Car. I. c. 32.

145

CHAPTER XXXII.

An Act for the raising and leavying of Moneys for the necessary defence and great affaires of the Kingdomes of England and Ireland and for the payment of debts undertaken by the Parliament.

MOST gracious Soveraigne Wee your Majesties most humble and loyall Subjects the Commons in your High Court of Parliament nowe assembled haveing duely considered the weightie occasions requiring an extraordinary and certaine supply of moneys to be speedily raised for the necessary defence and great affaires of your Majesties Realmes of England and Ireland and other your Majesties Dominions in these times of great and eminent danger and for the better suppressing of that most wicked and execrable Rebellion in Ireland and for and towards the payment of such debts and sums of money for the which this Kingdome doth or shall stand ingaged by publique faith. And finding that the urgent and pressing occasions aforesaid enforce a necessitie of raising the certain sum of Four hundred thousand pounds at the least for the purposes aforesaid Do most humbly beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majestie and by the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authority of the same that the sum of Foure hundred thousand pounds and such other sum and sums as are appointed to be raised by this Act for the intents and purposes aforesaid shall be changed set assessed rated taxed leavied and paid at two severall taxations and payments by equall por£5ns at the times hereafter in this Act expressed

And that every person and persons spirituall and temporall of what estate or degree soever he or they be of (ocher then such persons as are hereby excepted) shall be liable thereunto and charged and chargeable with the payment thereof according to the tenour of this Act in manner and forme following that is to say For the more equall and just raising thereof It is humbly desired that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that the said sum of Four hundred thousand pounds and sum and sums of money aforesaid shall be charged rated taxed and leavied upon all and every the severall Counties Cities Towns liberties places and persons hereafter particularly mencbned and expressed according to the particular proportions rates and distributions thereof following that is to say

Upon the County of Bedford Four thousand three hundred threescore twelve pounds and one shilling.

The Countie (') Berks Five thousand six hundred twenty eight pounds fourteen shillings and two pence.

The County of Bucks Six thousand seaven hundred twelve pounds two shillings and six pence.

The Countie of Cambridge Six thousand one hundred fourscore nineteen pounds eleven shillings and one penie. The Isle of Ely Two thousand two hundred fourscore seaventeene pounds.

The Countie of Cestr Two thousand eight hundred fourty and one pound eighteen shillings and nine pence.

The Citie and Countie of Cestr Three hundred twenty six pounds and fifteen shillings.

The Countie of Cornwall Ten thousand one hundred ten pounds fifteen shillings and nine pence.

The Countie of Derby Two thousand eight hundred nineteene pounds one shilling seven pence halfepeny The Countie of Devon Twenty nine thousand thirty five pounds twelve shillings and three pence The Citie and Countie of Exon One thousand fourty nine pounds four shilling and three pence.

The Countie of Dorset Seven thousand seven hundred one pound two shillings and three pence.

The Town and County of Pool Fourscore pounds eighteen shillings six pence.

The Countie of Yorke Seventeen thousand three hundred fourscore pounds five shillings and six pence.

The Citie and Countie of Yorke One thousand two hundred thirty one pounds four shillings and nine pence.

The Town and County of Kingston upon Hull Four hundred nineteene pounds five shillings and nine pence.

The County of Essex Eighteen thousand fourty eight pounds nine shillings and nine pence.

The County of Gloucester Nine thousand nine hundred threescore eighteen pounds five shillings and five pence. The Citie and Countie of Gloucester One thousand one hundred eight pounds and fourteen shillings The Countie of Hereffs Seven thousand one hundred fourty six pounds four shillings and six pence.

The Countie of Hertford Seven thousand five hundred twentie five pounds and ten shillings.

The Countie of Hunls Three thousand five hundred thirty three pounds eight shillings and nine pence.

The Countie of Kent Twenty thousand two hundred fourscore one pounds fiveteen shillings seven pence half peny.

City and County of Canterbury Eight hundred eighteen pounds fourteen shillings and nine pence

The Countie of Lancaster Four thousand three hundred fifty three pounds eleven shillings and three pence.

The Countie of Leicester Three thousand eight hundred fourty eight pounds and five shillings.

The Countie of Lincoln Twelve thousand nine hundred fifty one pounds fifteen shillings ten pence halfe peny. The City and County of LincolS Five hundred thirty two pounds one shilling and nine pence.

The City of London Fourty two thousand foure hundred threescore and sixteen pounds sixteen shillings and three pence

The County of Middlesex Twelve thousand three hundred fifty four pounds twelve shillings and nine pence The County of Monmouth One thousand five hundred eightie eight pounds six shillings and three pence.

The Countie of Northampton Four thousand eight hundred threescore nine pounds sixteene shillings and six pence The Countie of Nottingham Two thousand nine hundred and thirteen pounds fourteen shillings and three pence The Town and County of Nottingham Fourscore sixteene pounds ten shillings and six pence.

The Countie of Norffc Twenty one thousand nine hundred eight pounds six shillings one peny and half peny. City and County of Norwich Two thousand five hundred fourty four pounds four shillings and six pence.

The County of Oxon Six thousand four hundred eighteen pounds four shillings and nine pence.

The Countie of Rutland One thousand fiftie three pounds fourteen shillings and three pence.

» of 0.

Pp

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. p. 3. mm. 5.

Reasons for the present Grant.

II.

s£400,000. to be raised by Two equal Payments on all Persons, Spiritual and Temporal;

charged on the Counties, Cities, and Places herein* after named.

Bedford.

Berks.

Bucks.

Cambridge.

Isle of Ely. Cheshire.

Chester.

Cornwall.

Derbyshire.

Devonshire.

Exeter.

Dorsetshire.

Pool.

Yorkshire.

York.

Kingston* upon* Essex.

Gloucestershire.

Gloucester.

Herefordshire.

Hertfordshire.

Huntingdon.

Kent.

Canterbury.

Lancashire.

Leicestershire.

Lincolnshire.

Lincoln.

London.

Middlesex.

Monmouthshire.

Northamptonshire.

Nottinghamshire.

Nottingham.

Norfolk.

Norwich.

Oxfordshire.

Rutland.

16° Car. I. c. 32.

A.D. 1640.

Shropshire.

Staffordshire.

Litchfield.

Somerset.

Bristol.

Hampshire.

Southampton.

Isle of Wight.

Suffolk.

Surrey.

Sussex.

Warwick.

Coventry.

Worcestershire.

Worcester.

Wiltshire.

Anglesey.

Brecknock.

Cardiganshire.

Carmarthenshire.

Carnarvonshire.

Denbighshire.

Flintshire.

Glamorganshire.

Merionethshire.

Montgomeryshire.

Pembrokeshire.

Radnor.

Haverfordwest.

Cumberland.

Durham.

Wesmorland.

Newcastle,

(County.)

Northumberland.

III. Persons of the Degree of a Baron or Baroness, and above, and all other Persons as well Ecclesiastical as Temporal, Fraternities, &c. (after Payment of Debts) to pay towards the said *£400,000.

Aliens and Popish Recusants Convidt, after Payment of Debts, to pay Double.

One Moiety of the Money paid by Aliens or Recusants to be no Part of the said *£400,000, but Surplusage Money, and disposal of for Purposes of Act.

The County of Salop Four thousand five hundred threescore pounds five shillings and three pence.

The Counrie of Stafford Three thousand seven hundred fourty three pounds ten shillings and three pence.

City & County of Litchfeild Fourscore eight pounds and seven shillings.

The County of Somerset Sixteene thousand eight hundred threescore nineteene pounds and thirteene shillings.

The City of Bristoll in the same Countie Nine hundred twenty seven pounds four shillings and six pence.

The Countie of Southampton Twelve thousand foure hundred threescore foure pounds eleven shillings and nine pence.

The Town and County of Southampton Five hundred thirteen pounds eighteen shillings and nine pence.

The Isle of Wight One thousand seven hundred thirteene pounds foure shillings and six pence

The County of Suffolke Twenty thousand six hundred nine pounds and seaventeen shillings.

The Countie of Surrey Ten thousand eight hundred eight pounds one shilling three pence.

The County of Sussex Ten thousand nine hundred fourteen pounds fifteen shillings and nine pence.

The Countie of Warwick Five thousand one hundred thirteene pounds six shillings and three pence.

The City and County of Coventry Six hundred fifty eight pounds two shillings and six pence.

The Counrie of Worcester Five thousand right hundred two pounds ten shillings and six pence.

The City and County of Worcester Three hundred fifty six pounds four shillings and nine pence.

The Countie of Wilts Eleven thousand seven hundred foure pounds and nineteene shillings.

The Countie of Anglesey Foure hundred eighteen pounds eighteen shillings and three pence.

The Countie of Brecknock Eight hundred fifty pounds thirteen shillings and nine pence.

The County of Cardigan One thousand right pounds six shillings and nine pence.

The County of Carmarthen Eight hundred twenty nine pounds ten shillings and nine pence.

The Countie of Carnarvon Three hundred fourty right pounds eight shillings and three pence.

The County of Denbigh Four hundred forty seven pounds six shillings and nine pence.

The County of Flint Two hundred threescore and fourteen pounds five shillings and six pence.

The Countie of Glamorgan One thousand fourscore four pounds seventeene shillings and six pence.

The County of Merioneth Two hundred fifty nine pounds eighteen shillings and three pence.

The County of Mountgomery One thousand thirteen pounds twelve shillings and six pence.

The County of Pembrooke Nine hundred fifty six pounds fifteen shillings and six pence.

The Countie of Radnor Six hundred one pounds nineteene shillings and nine pence.

The Town and County of Haverford the West Fourscore three pounds seven shillings and three pence.

The Countie of Cumberland Six hundred thirty three pounds (*) eighteen shillings.

The Countie of Dursneham One thousand three hundred and nine pounds and thirteen shillings.

The County of Westmerland Five hundred forty seaven pounds one shilling four pence half peny.

The Counrie of Newcastle Two hundred fourty five pounds and fourteen shillings.

The County of Northumbtd Eight hundred thirty pounds two shillings four pence half peny.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that as well every person of the estate of a Baron or [a1] Baronesse and every estate above and all and every other person and persons born within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions as well ecclesiasticall as temporall as all and every fraternity guild corporation mystery brotherhood and communalty corporate and not corporate as well ecclesiasticall as temporall within the Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions being worth three pounds as well in Coyn and the value of every pound that every such person fraternity guild corporation mysterie brotherhood and comunaltie corporate or not corporate hath of his or theire owne or any other hath to his or theire use or uses as alsoe in plate stock of merchandize all manner of Come and Grain Householdstuffe and of all other Goods moveable as well within this Realm as without and of all such sums of money as to him or them is or shall be owing whereof he or they trust in his or theire conscience surely to be paid (except and out of the ^misses dedu&ed such summes of money as he or they do owe and in his or theire conscience intend truely to pay) and except alsoe the apparell of every such persons theire wives and children belonging to theire owne bodies saving jewels gold silver stone and pearle) shall pay towards the said Four hundred thousand pounds and other sum and sums of money aforesaid And alsoe every Alien and Stranger born out of the Kings obeisance as well denizens as others inhabiting within this Realme and alsoe every Popish Recusant convict or which before the time of the Assesment of the sum or sums of money by this present Act granted shall be a Popish Recusant convict or which are or shall be indicted for popish recusancy and theire indictments either are or shall be removed by Certiorari or bring not removed shall not by appearance and traverse legally be discharged before the said Assesment so to be made or (being of the age of one and twenty yeares) shall not have received the Holy Communion according to the rites of the Church of England within one whole yeare next before the said Assessment shall be made Of every pound that he or they or any other to his or theire use in trust or otherwise shall have in coyne and the value of every pound in plate com grain merchandize houshold stuffe or other goods jewells chattells moveables and immoveable as is aforesaid as well within this Realm as without and of all sums of money to him or them owing whereof he or they trust in his or theire conscience to be paid (except and out of the {Pmisses deduced every such sum and sums of money which he or they do owe and in his or theire conscience or consciences intend truly to pay) shall pay to and towards the said Foure hundred thousand pounds and other sum and sums of money aforesaid a proportion double to those of the like estates being no Recusants or aliens and the moiety or one halfe of the said Recusants part to be no part of the said Foure hundred thousand pounds but surplusage money to be disposed for the uses aforesaid according to the true intent

‘ & 0.

O. omits.

16° Car. I. c.32.

147

and meaning of this AS. And alsoe that every Alien and Stranger born out of the Kings Dominions being denizen or not denizen not being contributary to any the rates aforesaid and being of the age of seven yeares or above and every Popish Recusant convict or which before the time of the Assesment of the severall sums of money by this present Act granted shall be a Popish Recusant convict being of the age of seaventeeue yeares or which being of the age of one and twenty yeares hath not received the Holy Communion within one yea re then last past and being not contributary as aforesaid shall pay to and towards the said Four hundred thousand pounds and other sum and sums of money aforesaid two shillings eight pence for every Poll and the Master or he or shee with whom the said Alien or such Papist is or shall be abiding at the time of the taxation or taxations thereof to be charged with the same for lack of payment thereof

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that every person borne under the Kings obeysance as well ecclesiasdcall as temporal] and every Corporation fratemitie guild mystery brotherhood and communalty corporate or not corporate as well ecclesiasdcall as temporall for every pound that every of the same persons and every Corporation Fraternity Guild Mistery Brotherhood and Communaltie corporate or not corporate or any other to his or theire use in trust or otherwise hath in fee simple fee tayle for terme of life terme of yeares by execution wardship or by Copy of Court Roll of and in any Honours Castles Mannors Lands Tenements Rents Services Tithes Oblac6ns Obvencftns Annuities Offices of Proffit Fees Corodies or other yearely profits or hereditaments of the yearely value of twenty shillings as well within ancient demeasne and other places priviledged as else where and so upwards shall pay to and towards the said sum of Four hundred thousand pounds and other sum and sums of money aforesaid his and theire proportionable part and portion of such sum or sums of money as are imposed charged and set upon each severall Countie according as the same shall be divided distributed taxed or set upon each severall Town Hamlet Parish or Place where such person or persons is or shall be chargeable by this Act and the true intent & meaning thereof which said sum or sums of money so to be charged upon or for Offices shall be taxed according to the discretion of the Commissioners and to be surplusage money and no part of the Four hundred thousand pounds And every Alien Denizen or not denizen borne out of the Kings obeysance and every Popish Recusant convict [of what estate or degree soever they be or which before the time of ye assessm* of the sd sum or sums of money 1 ] by this present Act graunted shall be a Popish Recusant convict or [which shall be indicted for Popish Recusancy and '] theire indictments are or shall be removed by Certiorari or being not removed shall not by appearance and traverse legally be discharged before the said Assesment so to be made or being of the age of twenty and one yeares shall not have received the Holy Communion according to the Rites of the Church of England within one whole yeare next before the said Assessment shall be made in such case to pay to and towards the said sum of Four hundred thousand pounds and other sum and sums aforesaid a proportion double to those of the like estate being no Recusants or Aliens and the moyetie or one halfe of the said Recusants part to be no part or parcell of the said Foure hundred thousand pounds but surplusage money to be disposed for the great affaires of the kingdome according to the true intent and meaning of this Act. And that all sums to be presented and chargeable by this Act either for goods and debts or either of them or for Lands tenements and other the premisses as is in this Act conteyned shall be att the said payment sett and taxed after the rate and proportion according to the true meaning of this Act Yearely wages due to servants for theire yearely service under ten pounds by the yeare (other then the Kings Servants taking yearely wages of five pounds or above) onely excepted and foreprized And that all plate Coyne Jewells Goods Debts and Chattels personall and all Lands tenements and other the premisses as aforesaid being in the rule and custody of any person or persons to the use of any Corporation Fraternity Guild Mystery Brotherhood or any Communalty being corporate or not corporate be and shall be rated set and charged by reason of this Act for and toward the payment of the said Four hundred thousand pounds and other sum and sums of money aforesaid in proportionable manner as aforesaid And for every pound in Lands tenements annuities fees offices of profit corrodies and other yearely profits as is aforesaid And the sums that are above rehearsed set and taxed to be leavied & taken of them that shall have such goods in custody or otherwise charged for lands as is before rehearsed And the same person and persons and bodies corporate by authority of this Act shalbe discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same att the time of the payment or delivery thereof or at his (otherwise departure from the custody or possession of the same Except and alwaies foreprised from the charge and assesment of the said severall sums of money all goods chattels and Ornaments of Churches and Chappels which have beene ordained and used in Churches and Chappells for the honour and service of Almighty God And the first [moneyor one halfe of the said severall sums so charged and set on the oid severall Counties Cities Towns liberties places and persons aforesaid shall be by the authority aforesaid taxed sessed and rated according to this Act in every Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape City Borough Town and every other place within this Realm of England and Dominion of Wales before the twentieth day of May in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred forty two And the other moytie or one halfe thereof shall by the authority aforesaid be taxed sessed and rated before the twentieth day of November 1642 And the particular sums of every Shire Riding Borough Town and other places aforesaid with the particular names of such as are or shall be chargeable to and for the payment of the said severall sums of money to be taxed and set by the Commissioners for the same to be limited or two of them at the least with the names of the high Collectors And in the same form shall be certified into the Kings Court of Exchequer the first moytie or one halfe of the said severall sums of money before the twentieth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God (according to the computation of the Church of England) One thousand six hundred fourtie two and the other moytie or one halfe of the same before the twentieth day of December then next following and the said sums in form aforesaid to be taxed to and for the payment of the aforesaid first moytie or one halfe shall be paid in one entire sume unto Sir Richard Gurney Knight and Baronet Lord Maior of the Citie of London Sir John Cordall Sir Thomas Soome Sir John Gayer Sir Jacob Garret Alderman Atkins

Poll Tax on Aliens and Popish Recusants Convict, not contributory as above, as. 8d.

Master, &c. of such Alien, Sic. answerable.

IV.

Real and Copyhold Estates, Offices, and other Profits, to pay Proportion of Monies charged upon Counties according as the same shall be divided and set upon each Town, See.

Sums charged upon Offices taxed by Commissioners, to be Surplusage Money.

Aliens and Popish Recusants Convict to pay Double.

The Moiety of such Payment to be Surplusage Money, and disposed of for the great Affairs of the Kingdom.

Except Yearly Wages of Servants under £ 10. other than the King's Servants,takingly.

Personal Estate held for Corporations to be rated j

and for every Pound in Land, Annuities, Corrodies, &c.

Proviso for Ornaments, See. of Churches and Chapels.

The first Moiety to be taxed before the aoth May 1642.

The other Moiety before the 20th Nov. 1642.

Names of Persons charged and Collectors to be certified into the Exchequer.

The First Moiety before the 20th June 1642;

and the other Moiety before the aoth December following.

148

16° Car. I. c. 32.

A.D.\64iO.

The Fir*t Moiety to be paid to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Chamberlain of London, &c.

20 July 1642, at or in the Chambers of London and York respectively. The other Moiety to the said Lord Mayor, &c. of London on the 20th January 1642,

in the said Chambers of London & York respectively. Acquittances to be given to the Collectors under Hands and Seals of Treasurers, &c.

Producing Acquittances, Wariant for Collectors to pass their Accounts.

Payments within Liberties, &c.

V.

Absentees, whether Natives or Aliens,

Inhabitants of Place where Lands, &c. lie.

charged by Certificate

Rate by which they are to be charged.

VI.

The City of Bristol was casually omitted out of the Act of the two last Subsidies; Provision for such Omission.

VII.

Lord Chancellor to issue Commissions for assessing and levying.

Names of Commissioners.

Alderman Pennington Sir John Wollestone Alderman Addams Alderman Warner Master Samuel Vassell Master John Venn the Chamberlaine of the City of London for the time being and to such other person or persons as are appointed by this A & to receive the same to the uses in this Act expressed at or before the twentieth day of July One thousand six hundred fourtie two at or in the Chambers of the City of London and Yorke respectively according to the intent of this Act And the said sums in manner aforesaid to be taxed for the payment of the said other moytie or one halfe shall be paid at one entire sume unto the said Sir Richard Gurney Knight and Baronet Lord Maior of the Citie of London Sir John Cordall Sir Thomas Soome Sir John Gayer Sir Jacob Garrett Alderman Atkins Alderman Pennington Sir John Wolleston Alderman Addams Alderman Warner Master Samuel Vassell Master John Venn the Chamberlaine for the Citie of London for the time being and to such other person or persons as are appointed by this Act to receive the same to the uses in this Act expressed at or before the twentieth day of January One thousand six hundred fourty two at or in the said Chambers of the Cities of London and Yorke respectively And that the said Treasurers or Receivers or any one or more of them upon the receipt of any money from the High Collectors by this Act to be authorized shall make unto every of the said Collectors one or more acquittance or acquittances under the hands and seales of the respective Treasurers or Receivers that shall receive the same testifying the receipt of so much money as he shall receive and that the producing of the said Acquittances so made shall be as sufficient a Warrant for the said Collectors to passe theire account as any tally or constat out of the receipt And the sums aforesaid shall be taxed set asked and demanded taken gathered leavied and paid to the psons and uses in this present Act expressed as well within liberties franchises Sanctuaries ancient demeasne and other whatsoever places exempt or not exempt as without (except such Shires places and persons as shall be foreprized in and by this p>sent Act) Any Grant Charter Inscription Use or Liberty by reason of any Letters Patents or other priviledge inscription allowance for the same or whatsoever other matter or discharge heretofore to the contrary made granted Used or obtained notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by authority of this present Parliament that every such person as well such as be born under the Kings obeysance as every other person stranger born denizen or not denizen inhabiting within this Realme or within Wales or other the Kings Dominions which at the time of the same Assessings or taxations or any or every of them to be had or made shall be out of this Realm or out of Wales and have goods Chattels lands or other tenements fees or annuities or otheT profits within this Realme or in Wales shall be charged and chargeable for the same by the certificate of the inhabitants of the place where such goods chatels lands tenements or other the pmisses then shall be or in such place where such person or persons or his or theire factor deputy or atturney shall have his or theire most resort unto within this Realme [or in Wales in like manner as if y* pson were or had beene at ye time of the said assessing within this Realme1 ] and that every person abiding or dwelling within or without this Realm shall be charged and chargeable to the said sum and sums of money granted by this Act according and after the rate of such yearely substance or value of Lands or Tenements Goods Chattels and other the pmisses as every person so to be charged shall be sett at at the time of the said assessing or taxation upon him to be made and no otherwise

And Whereas the City of Bristoll was casually omitted out of the Act of the two last subsidies granted this psent Parliament Be it therefore enacted that the said City of Bristoll shall pay over and above the summes of money which they are to pay by force of this Act as aforesaid two entire subsidies the same to be taxed rated and assessed by the Commissioners in this Act named in such manner and form as the said two subsidies lastly granted were taxed and assessed in other places and to be taxed certified and paid within the times pfixed by this Act for the said Four hundred thousand pounds to be collected and leavied by all such meanes as are appointed for the said sum and to be paid to such persons and for such uses as in and by this Act is appointed for the said Four hundred thousand pounds And that the Commissioners in this Act named for the said City of Bristoll and the taxors assessors and Collectors and other Officers and persons by this Act authorized shall have the like power and authority by this Act for the leavying collecting and receiving of the said two subsidies as for the said sum of Four hundred thousand pounds is apppointed by this Act and the said subsidies to go in surplusage over and above the said sum of Four hundred thousand pounds and other sums by this Act appointed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that for the assessing and ordering of the said sum and sums of money to be duly had taxed certified & leavied to and according to this Act the Lord Chancellour of England or Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being or such Commissioners as shall have the custody thereof for the time being shall make and direct out of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seal severall Commissions for the sessing and leavying of the said sum and sums of money according to the true meaning of this Act in manner and forme hereafter expressed, viz.

For his Majesties Houshold Unto the persons by the said Lord Chancellour Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Great Seal Lord Privie Seale Lord Admirall and Lord Chamberlain of the Kings Houshold to be nominated.

And for the County of Bedford

Unto Sir Beauchamp S* John Knight Sir Robert Napier Knight and Baronet Sir Oliver Luke Sir Richard Conquest Sir Peter Osborn Sir Samuel Luke Sir Thomas Alston Sir George Russell Sir William Palmer Sir William Boteleir [Sir Roger Burgoine Kn'f William Duncombe Thomas Rolt Oliver Boteleir1] James Beverley John Wingate Edward Cater Henry Chester Humphrey Fish Walter Rolt John Vaux Samuel Browne and Thomas Sadler Esquires the Maior of Bedford for the time being Francis Bannister Doctor of Phisick Thomas Paradine Robert Hawse and Thomas Hawse Gentlemen.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 32.

149

For the County of Buck

To Sir Edward Terrell Sir Peter Temple Knights and Baronets Sir Edmund Vemey Knight and Baronet Sir John Lawrence Baronet Sir Thomas Littleton Baronet Sir Richard Ingoldsby Sir Alexander Denton Sir Robert Dormer Sir William Andrewes Sir Thomas Sanders Sir Henry Crooke Sir Arthur Man waring Sir Edward Salters Sir John Persons Sir Robert Lovett Sir Ralphe Vemey Sir Robert Bannister Knights John Hampden Arthur Goodwin Peter Dorrell Thomas Risley Richard Greenvile John Dormer Richard Winwood John Tirringham Thomas Tirringham Thomas Eglistone Raines Lowe Thomas Duncombe of Brickhill Thomas Tirrill Thomas Longvile Thomas Lea the elder Richard Serjeant William Hackvile Thomas Westall John Duncombe of East Claydon Richard Winwood Henry Bulstrode William Wheeler Edmund Waller of Gregories Robert Busby Thomas Hampson Thomas Stafford Francis Cheyney the elder Edmund West William Bowyer Gabrieli Hipsley John Crooke Anthony Ratcliffe Esquires the Bailiffes for the time being of the Towne of Buckingham Robert Smith John Nicholas Arthur Claver Gentlemen.

And for the County of Berks

William Lenthall Esquire now Speaker of the Commons House of Parliament Sir George Stonehouse Baronet Sir John Backhouse Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Knolls Senior Sir Francis Knolls junior Sir Robert Bennet Sir Richard Harrison Knights John Fetiplace Edmund Dunch Henry Martyn Thomas Manwaring John Harrison George [Purefey *] Thomas Fetiplace Samuel Dunch Henry Pole Humphrey Dolman William Barker and Roger Knight of Gwynham Esquires to the Maior of the Borough of New Windsor for the time being Sir William Salter Knight & Thomas Waller Esquire.

And for the County of Cambridge

To Sir Dudley North Knight Sir John Cotton Baronet Sir Thomas Willis Baronet Sir John Cuts Knight Sir James Reynolds Knight Thomas Chichley Francis Russell James Reynolds William Allington Robert Peyton Michael Dalton Thomas Wendy Oliver Cromwell Isaac Barrow Thomas Terrell William March Walter Clopton Dudley Pope Bishy Betts William Barnes Thomas Simonds Robert Castle John Crayne John Hubbard William Fisher James Ayloff Roger Rant Thomas Ducket John Whistler John Wilbours Esquires Maior of Cambridge Talbot Peyps Esquire John Lowrey Samuel Spalding Robert Robson Thomas French Aldermen.

For the County of Cornwall Unto Sir John Trelawney Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Carew Baronet Sir Richard Buller Sir Nicolas Slaning Sir Richard Vivian Sir Bevill Greenvile Knights John Arundell of Trerise Francis Godolphin Peirs Edgcombe Charles Trevanion Thomas Lower John Harris of Landrest Francis Buller of Shillingham Alexander Carew John Trefusis John S* Aubin Francis Basset Jonathan Rashley Peter Courtney Thomas Herle Richard Erisy John Moyle Paul Speccot Ambrose Mannaton Nicholas Trefusis George Heale Humphrey Nicholls Francis Godolphin of Treveneage Thomas Gewen Walter Langdon William Glynn John Carter Thomas 'Arundell Hender [Mouldworth*] John Polewhele Esquires.

For the Countie of Cumberland Unto Sir Patricius Curwen Baronet Sir William Dalston Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Fletcher Baronet Sir George Dalston Sir William Musgrave and Sir Thomas Dacres Knights Richard Barwise John Skelton Peter Senhouse Richard Toison William Lawson Thomas Lamplugh John Eglionbie and William Briscoe Esquires.

For the Countie of Chester

Unto Sir George Booth Sir Richard Wilbraham Sir Thomas Delves Sir Richard Grosvenor Knights and Baronets Sir Edward Fitton Sir William Brereton Baronets Sir Thomas Brereton Knight Sir Thomas Smith Knight Richard Brereton Henry Leigh Thomas Stanley William Downes Peter Venables George Cotton Roger Wilbraham [Hugh WilbrahamJ] Peter Warburton of the Graunge Henry Bunbury William Whitmore Henry Burkenhead William Glegg John Crewe George Spurstowe Thomas Crackstone William Liversage Philip Manwaring William Marbury Thomas Chomley and Henry Manwaring Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Chester Unto the Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Smith Knight Robert Brerewood Serjeant at lawe Recorder Francis Gamul William Gamul Christopher Bleasse Charles Walley and Nicholas Ince Aldermen.

For the County of Derby

Unto Sir George Greisley Sir Thomas Burdett Baronets Sir John Curson Knight & Baronett Sir Edward Cooke Baronet Sir Simon Everie Knight and Baronet Sir John Gell Baronett Sir Francis Rhodes Baronet Sir Edward Vernon Knight Sir John Fitzherbert Knight of Norbery Sir John Fitzherbert of [Dissingston4] Knight Sir John Harpur Sir Edward Leech Knights Sir John Coke junior Sir Samuel Sleigh Knight Thomas Greisley Jacinth Sacheverell Francis Burdett Christopher Horton John Agard Richard Coke John Bullock Henry Gilbert Christopher Fulwood John Milward John Shalcrosse Randall Ashenhurst John Thetchvile Edward Revill Francis Revill Esquires Thomas Saunders Henry Wigfall Lionell Fanshawe Gens the Maior of Chesterfield for the time being the Maior of Darby for the time being William Allestre Esquire Nathaniell Hallowes and Edward Large Aldmen

Qq

150

16° Car. I. c. 32.

A.D. 164iO.

For the County of Devon

Unto Sir Edward Seymour Knight and Baronet Sir Peter Prideaux Baronet Sir George Chudleigh Baronet Sir Edmund Fowell Knight Sir John Poole Sir Thomas Heale Sir John Bampfeild Sir John Northcoot Baronets Sir John Speccot Sir Samuel Roll Sir Shilston Calmady Sir Nicholas Martin Sir John Young Sir John Chichester Knights John Bampfeild Arthur Basset John Ackland Arthur Champemon John Harris Hugh Fortescu Edmund Fortescu John Gifford Anthony Dennis Edmond Arscott Sampson Hele John Berry William Tothill Robert Savery Henry Waldron John Davy Baronet Francis Bluet Richard Callum Henry Worth Walter Hele Walter Young Arthur Upton John Bamfeild George Trobridge George Peard Roger Mathewe Edmund Prideaux James Welsh Edward Yard Richard Cabell Robert Duke junior Alexander Maynard William Maurice Peter Specott Robert Stafford Edmund Fowell William Fry Humphrey Prouz John Peter John Yeo Henry Aishford Edmund Treemaine William Carey Arthur Aishford John Foynes John Were Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Exon

Unto the Maior for the time being John Lynne Nicolas Spicer John Hack will Adam Bennet Roger Malack Robert Walker Esquires Robert Vilvaine Dottor of Phisick Thomas Crossing

For the County of Dorset

Unto Sir Thomas Trenchard Knight [Dezill '] Hollis Esq^ Sir John Strangwaies Sir Walter Earle Sir John Miller [Knight1] Richard Rogers Giles Strangwaies Gerrard Naper Thomas Earle William Whittaker Richard King Richard Rose Giles Greene Dennis Bond John Browne Angell Gray Gregory Gibbs Richard Broderipp John Arnold James Frampton George Williams Richard Bingham Thomas Tregunnell William Savage John Trenchard John Fitz James William Sidnam William Constantine John Dolling Bamfeild Chafing Edmund Ogden John Hannam Esquires and Robert Troope.

For the Town and County of Poole

Unto the Maior for the time being William Constantine Esquire Recorder George Scutt Alexander Wayte and John Harwood Gentlemen.

For the County Palatine of Durham Unto Sir Richard Tempest Baronet Sir John Connyers Baronet Sir William [Kampton1] Sir Lionel Maddison Sir Richard Bellasis Sir George Vane Sir William Darcy Knights Arthur Foulthorpe Thomas Davison Thomas Shadforth Cuthbert Pepper Timothy Whittingham Thomas Swinburne Esquires Robert Hutton George Lilburne Gentlemen the Maior of Durham for the time being Ralph Allenson.

For the County of Yorke For the Westriding of the County of Yorke Unto Ferdinando Lord Fairfax Sir Francis [Vane4] Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Wortley Knight and Baronet Sir William Savile Sir Edward Osborne Sir Henry Slingsby Sir Thomas Mauleverer Baronets Sir William Lister Sir Arthur Ingram junior Sir Thomas Wentworth Sir John Ramsden Sir George Wentworth Sir Edward Rhodes Sir William Fairfax Sir Jervis Cutler Sir Richard Hutton Sir Ralph Hansby Sir John Kaye Sir William Ingram Sir John Woolstenholme Sir Henry Chomley Knights Sir John Goodricke Knight and Baronet Charles Fairfax Francis Nevile William Mallory William Ingleby Henry Arthington John Key Robert Rockley Ingram Hopton William West service Hammond Nicholas Yarborough John Farrer William White Thomas Parker William Wombwell Thomas Mauleverer John Rerersby Esquires George Marwood Thomas Lister Richard Tankard John Robinson Gregory Armitage Thomas Stockdale Esquires Benjamin Wade and Joseph Hillary Gentlemen the Maior of Pomfrett for the time being Thomas Austwick Gent.

For the Northriding of the County of Yorke Unto Henry Bellasis & Conniers Darcy Esquires Sir Marmaduke Wyvell Sir Thomas Gore Knighfs and Baronets Sir William Sheffeild Sir Hugh Cholmeley Sir Henry Anderson Sir Thomas Ingram Sir Richard Darley Sir Thomas Laiton Sir Thomas Gore Sir Hugh Bethell Sir Henry Franckland Henry Fowls Mathew Hutton Brian Stapleton John Dalton Henry Anderson John Colverley John Wastall John Dodsworth junior Arthur Auldebrough Roger Wyvell William Caley John Cholmeley Christopher Perchhay Charles Tankard John Talbots George Metcalf George Trotter James Penyman Thomas Heblethwaite Richard Wynn Christopher Waters Stephen Jackson Francis Roodby Sir Robert Strickland Richard Aidborough Mathew Smelt Thomas Francklin Esquires John Ledgard of Maulton Francis Lassels Toby Jenkins Jefferie Gates Esquires John Robinson Stephen Jackson James Cholmeley George Conyers Francis Tomson William Ford Richard Tompson William Staneley James More Thomas Lassell William Pinckney John Dent Robert Colchester and William Fish Edmund Duncombe William Rosse Gentlemen.

For the Eastriding of the County of Yorke

Unto Sir John Hotham Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Griffith Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Metham Sir William Alford Sir Philip Mountain Sir Michael Wharton Sir John Vavasor Sir Philip .Stapleton Knights Sir William Strickland(5) Baronet Sir Thomas Remington Sir Arthur Robinson Knights Thomas Anlaby John Ledger Richard Remington John

1 Dencell 0. * Knights 0. 3 Lampton 0. 4 Fane 0. 3 K* & 0,

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 32.

151

Hotham Michael Wharton William Saint Quyntyn Thomas Heblethwaite Christopher Appleyard John Constable William Grimston Robert Crompton Francis Thorpe Christopher Ridley Gregory Crake John Anlaby Charles Bowes Henry Darly Richard Darly Francis Cob senior Francis Cob junior Stephen Thompson John Overton and Ralph Sutton Esquires

For the City and County of the City of Yorke

Unto the Lord Maior for the time being Sir William Allanson Sir Roger Jaques and Sir Christopher Croft Knights and Aldermen Sir Thomas Widdrington Knight Recorder Sir Robert Belt Knight Leonard Batson Edmund Cooper Robert Hemsworth Thomas Hoyle James Hutchinson Thomas Hodgson Henry Tompson John Vaux and William Scot Aldermen.

For the Towne and County of Hull

To the Maior for the time being Peregrine Pelham Esquire Nicholas Denman Lancelot Roper William Popple James Watkinson Henry Barnard Gentlemen.

For the County of Essex

Unto Sir Thomas Barrington Knight and Baronet Sir Harbotle Grimstone Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Bendish Baronet Sir Benjamin Ayliffe Baronet Sir William Hicks Baronet Sir William Masham Baronet Sir Richard Everard Baronet Sir William Luckin Baronet Sir William Wiseman Baronet Sir Martin Lumley Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Mildmay Knight Master of the Jewell House Sir Thomas Cheeke Knight Sir Henry Mildmay of Moulsham Knight Sir William Maxey Knight Sir Henry Holcroft Knight Sir Thomas Bowes Knight Sir Francis Coke Knight Sir Henry Saint George Knight Sir William Rowe Knight Sir William Martin Knight Sir Thomas Honywood Knight Sir Humphrey Mildmay Knight Sir Gamaliel Capell Knight Sir John Tyrrell Knight Sir John Barrington Knight Sir Robert Kempe Knight Thomas Ayliffe one of the Kings Serjeants at Lawe Harbottle Grimstone Esquire William Masham Esquire Henry Nevill Esquire James Cambell Esquire John Harvey Esquire James Altham Esquire Timothy Middleton Esquire John Meade Esquire Dionisius Makering Esquire George Walton Esquire John Argoll Esquire Edward Keightley Esquire William Gouldingham Esquire Euseby Wright Esquire William Atwood Esquire Anthony Luther Esquire Sampson Sheffeild Esquire James Hyron Esquire Edward Palmer Esquire William Corners Esquire Thomas Fanshawe Esquire John Wright Esquire Nathaniel Bacon Esquire Thomas Smith Esquire John Brooke Esquire Cary Harvey Mildmay Esquire Deane Tindall Esquire Henry Wiseman Esquire Robert Mildmay Esquire of Tarling Edward Berkhead Esquire Serjeant at Armes George Thoroughgood Esquire the Maior of the Town of Colchester for the time being Henry Barrington Alderman the Maior of Harwich for the time being the two Bailiffs of Maulden for the time being.

For the County of Gloucester

Unto Sir Humphrey Tracy Knight Sir Baynam Throckmorton Sir Richard Ducey Baronets Sir John Tracey Sir William Masters Sir Ralph Dutton Sir John Seymor Sir Maurice Berkley Sir Robert Coke Sir Robert Tracey Knights Richard Berkley Henry Poole John Dutton Nathaniel Stephens George Bridgman John Pretyman John Stephens Thomas Escourt John Fetyplace Walter Bourchier Esquires William Trye John Howe Esquires Stephen Fowler Gentleman Thomas Chester Edward Stephens John Cottrington Samuel Cothrington John Smith junior Anthony Kinscot William Stratford Edward Fust of Hull Esquires Francis Finch John Berrow Thomas Morgan William Jones John Chamberlain Michael Butler John Kite Esquires Anthony Hodges Gentleman William Stafford Esquire.

For the City and County of the City of Gloucester

Unto William Lenthall Esquire now Speaker of the Commons House of Parliament and Recorder of the said City and to the Maior for the time being John Brewster John Webb James Powell William Singleton William Capell and Thomas Pury William Lugg Thomas Hill Alderman.

For the City of Bristoll

Unto the Maior for the time being Denzill Hollis Esquire John Taylor John Gomming John Tomlinson Andrew Charleton Richard Holworthy William Jones Ezekiell Wallis George Knight John [Socke1] Esquires.

And for the County of Hertford

Unto Charles Viscount Cranborne Sir John Botler Sir John Jennings Sir Thomas Fanshawe Knights of the Bath Sir Richard Lucy Sir John Gerrard and Sir Thomas Hide Baronets Sir Charles Cesar Sir William Litton Sir Thomas Read Sir Charles Harbourd Sir Thomas Fotherley Sir John Colt Sir Thomas Dacres Sir Edward Bash Sir John Wats Sir John Cesar Sir Peter Saltonstall Sir John Gower Sir Thomas Hewett Sir John Harrison Sir Simon Fanshawe Knights Edward Atkins Sergeant at Lawe Rowland Litton William Lemman [John Brocket William Preistley George Tuck William Lemman1] Francis Taverner Granley Morton Edward Wingate Henry Anderson James Mayne Thomas Blount John Heydon Robert Dewhurst Thomas Tooke Richard Hale Henry Gardiner John Gulstone Arthur Poulter Ralph Freeman William Newce John Brograve Edward Chester Edward Cason Esquires the Maior of Sl Albanes for the time being William New John Howland Esquire Recorder John Robotham Ralph Pemberton.

152

16° Cab. I. c.32.

A.D. 1640.

For the County of Hereford

Unto Sir Robert Harley Knight of the Bath Sir John Kirle Baronet Sir Richard Hopton Sir Robert Whitney Sir Humphrey Baskervile Sir William Croft Knights Wallop Brabazon Fitzwilliam Conigsby Henry Lingen Henry Vaughan John Scudamore Walter Kirle William Smallman Thomas Price Herbert Westfaling John Cornwall Paul Abrahall Exiphon Howorth Thomas Tomkins Walter Vaughan John Coles John Patshall Richard Barrowe Arnold Burghill William Cartwright Edward Broughton Henry Jones Esquires the Bailiffe of the Borough Leominster for the time being.

Unto the Maior of the City of Hereford for the time being James Rodes Richard Weaver and Richard Seaborne Esquires James Lane Philip Simonds Gent

For the County of Huntington

Unto Sir Sidney Mountague Knight Sir William Armyn Baronet Sir Oliver Crumwell Knight of the Bath Henry Cromwell Valentine Walton Onslowe Winche Wheatehill Audley John Castle Torrell Josseline Esquires the Maior of Huntington for the time being Thomas Templar John Peacock Gentlemen.

For the County of Kent

Unto Sir John Culpepper Knight Chancellor and Under Treasurer of his Majesties Exchequer Sir Thomas Peyton Sir John Baker Baronets Sir Roger Tuesden Sir Edward Hales Knights and Baronets Sir Thomas Palmer Sir John Rivers Baronets Sir John Sidley Sir Humphrey Stiles Knights and Baronets Sir Robert Honywood Knight Sir William Culpepper Sir Michael Livesey Baronets Sir Norton Knatchball Sir Henry Hayman Sir Humphrey Tufton Knights and Baronets Sir Edward Scot Sir William Brooke Sir George [Sands13 Knights of the Bath Sir Percivall Hart Sir Francis Bamham Sir Edward Boys Sir Thomas Wilsford Sir Thomas Walsingham Sir James Oxenden Sir Anthony Welden Sir Peter Wrath Sir John Honywood Sir Edward Gilbome Sir Henry Grimston Sir Robert Filmer Sir Cheiney Culpepper Sir Edward Master Sir William Brockman Sir Edward Parthrich Knights Sir Nicholas Miller Sir John Henden Sir Peter Godfrey [Sir George Strode*] Sir William Man Knights Henry Clarke Serjeant at Law Edward Monyns Thomas Diggs Robert Barnham Stephen Leonard John Boys of Elmington Richard Hardres Anthony Haymond Richard Masters Robert Scot Richard Browne Thomas Scylieard Richard Lee Augustin Skynner Nicholas Toke George Newman William James Reginald Edwards Samuel Shorte Richard Parker William Boys George Chute Thomas Blechinden Marke Dixwell Henry Sandford Edward Deering Thomas Blunt George Rooke Henry Dixon Edward Boys Henry James Henry Gilborne John Harvey John Goldwell of Beckesley.

For the City and County of the City of Canterbury

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir James Hales Sir Edward Master Sir William Man Knights Francis Lovelace Recorder John Nutt Thomas Courthop Esquires Avery Sabine James Master Aldermen.

For the Parts of Lyndsey in the Countie of Lincolne

Unto Edmund Lord Sheffeild Sir John Wrey Knight and Baronet Sir Philip Terwhit Sir John Bolles [Baronets Sir Edward Askew Sir William Pelham Sir Charles Bolles*] Sir Christopher Wrey Sir John South Sir Henry Radley Sir Samuel Oldfeild Knights Nathaniel Fynes John Bellasis Thomas Grantham Anthony Meeres Thomas Sandersoit Edmund Anderson Stephen Anderson Willoughby Hickman Charles Pelham John Broxholm John Sheffeild Marmaduke Darell Edward Rositer Richard Toothby Thomas Aishcough senior John Bradley William Godfrey Francis Woolbey Esquires William Loddington Gentleman the Maior of Grimsby for the time being William Coney Rutland Snowden Esquires.

For the City and County of the City of Lincolne

Unto the Maior of the said Citie of Lincolne for the time being Thomas Grantham John Broxholme Esquires Richard White William Watson Stephen Dawson Aldermen and Richard Ward Citizen

Unto the Maior of the Borough of Boston for the time being Sir Anthony Irby Knight Edward Tibson.

For the Parts of Holland in the County aforesaid To Sir Anthony Irby Knight Thomas Ogle William Lo&on Thomas Read William Ellis Dimock Walpole Philip Welby John Harrington Thomas Irby Esquires John Harrington Samuel Cust Charles Empson John Hobson Francis Empson Gentlemen.

For the Parts of Kestaven in the County of Lincolne

Unto Sir Robert Carre Sir William Armin Sir William Brownelow Sir John Trollop Baronets Sir John Brooke Sir Hamond Whitchcott Sir Gervas Nevill Knights Charles Dimock Thomas Hatcher Edmund Hall Thomas Harrington Thomas Lister Edward King William Savile John Archer Esquires the Aldermen of Stamford and the Aldermen of Grantham for the time being

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 32.

153

For the Counde of Leicester

Unto Sir Edward Hartopp Baronet Sir Thomas Hartopp Sir Roger Smith Sir Woolston Dixie Sir Richard Roberts Knights George Ashby Martin Lister William Hertford Thomas Brudnell Arthur Staveley William Roberts Peter Temple George Ashby Thomas Babingston Simon Rugelie Henry Faunt William Jervise Richard Bent the Maior of Leicester for the time being Thomas Rudier Gilbert Fawsett William Standly Aldermen.

For the County Palatine of Lancaster

Unto Sir Gilbert Haughton Knight & Baronet Sir Ralphe [Ashton'] Sir Thomas Stanley Baronets Sir Thomas Barton Knight Ralph Ashton Roger Kirkby Richard Shuttleworth John More Thomas Standish Ralph Ashton Richard Holland Charles Gerrard John Atherton Robert Holt Alexander Rigby of Burgh Hugh Rigby Alexander Rigby William Farrington Thomas Preston John Garlington George Dodding Edmund Hopwood Nicholas Townly Henry Ashhurst John Bradshawe Edward Veale Thomas Fell Henry Ogle Savile Ratcliffe John Starkey Edward Butterworth William Ambrose Christopher Banister Thomas Whitdngham John Bradell Edmund Ashton Ratcliffe Ashton Esquires Richard Shutworth Gentleman.

For the County of Midds

Unto Sir Edward Spencer Knight Sir Thomas Fowler Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Barkham Knight and Baronet Sir John Conniers Lieutennant of the Tower of London Sir John Davers Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronet Sir John Francklin Sir Thomas Lake Sir Edward Wardour Sir William Roberts Sir Henry Rowe Sir John Bennet Sir Thomas Allen Sir Robert Wood Sir Nicholas Raynton Sir John Thoroughgood Knights John Page Esquire one of the Masters of the Chancery Sir Thomas Gardiner Knight Recorder of the City of London William Hill Justinian Povey William Cholmley Sir Robert Fenn John Hawtrey Francis Poulton John Herne John Huxley George Long Edward Roberts Richard Blower Anthony Crofts Richard Sprygenell Esquires John Smith Thomas Marsh John Hoker Edward Noeil Thomas Jennings Richard Page Thomas Wilcock John Morris Richard Dunton Esquires.

For the Citie of Westminster

Unto Sir Edmund Vemey Sir Randall Crewe Sir Robert Pye Sir Arthur Ingram Sir Edward Wardour Knights John Glynne Esquire Recorder of the Citie of Westminster Robert Dixon Michael Oldesworth Mathew Hale Arthur Squibb William Wheeler John Chichley John Trenchard Robert Scawen Esquires Robert Dixon George Bleverhaset William Bell John Brigham and Richard Gammon Gentlemen.

And for the Dutchy of Lancaster

Unto Edward Lord Newburgh Chancellor of the Dutchy Sir Thomas Bedingfeild Knight Challenor Chute Esquire.

For the Citie of London

Unto the Lord Maior for the time being Sir George Whitmore Sir Nicholas Raynton Sir Maurice Abbot Sir John Woolaston Sir Henry Garraway Knights and Aldermen Sir Thomas Gardiner Knight Recorder Thomas Soame Isaac Pennington Aldermen John Venn Samuel Vassall Citizens.

For the County of Monmouth

Unto Philip Lord Harbert Sir Edmund Morgan and Sir William Morgan Knights William Kemys Esquire WilHam Harbert Richard Harbert Thomas Morgan of May hen Trevor Williams William Harbert of Colebrooke Nicholas Kemys John Milbourne Henry Probert David Lewis William Baker Philip Jones William Jones of Usk George Probert Thomas Morgan of Lanfore William Morgan of Tredonock Gentlemen and Thomas Williams Gentleman.

For the County of Norfolke

Unto Sir John Hubbart Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Richardson Knight Sir Thomas Woodhouse Knight and Barooet Sir William Paston Baronet Sir John Pots Baronet Sir Richard Barney Sir John Holland Baronet Sir Miles Hubbart Knight of the Bath Sir Hamond de Strange Sir Charles le Grose Sir Robert Kempe Sir Anthony Gawdie Sir Thomas Hoogan Sir Edmund Mundford Sir Thomas Gawdie Sir Edward Kirkham Sir Robert le Grey Sir Thomas Gibbons Knights Francis Bacon Serjeant at Lawe Thomas Knevitt Framlingham Gawdy James Hubbart John Burton Thomas Wyndeham William Henningham Robert Bacon Richard Catlin Philip Calthropp Sir John Spiiman of Norbrough Knight John Smith Gregory Gawsell Charles Sucklin Jeffery Cobb Thomas Fisham John Palgrave Francis Jenny Edward Garmy William Doyley William Buckworth Sir Valentine Pill Knight Robert Wood Robert Wilton Adam Scambler James Scambler John Spelman Martin Sedley Robert Tong Robert Roughton and Thomas Wright Adam [Scamleyl] James [Scamley1] Robert Shapes Thomas Wright Thomas Fisham Martin Sedley Edward Chamberlain Henry Taylor Thomas Reeve John Kendall John Houghton Esquires the Maior of Thetford for the time being Thomas Lincoln

• Aston O.

• Seamier 0.

Rr

154

16° Car. I. c.

A.D. 1640

For the City and County of the City of Norwich

Unto the Maior for the time being Francis Bacon Serjeant at Law Thomas Shipdam Henry Lane Christopher Barret Thomas Baker John Tooley Erasmus Earle Richard Catlyn Alexander Anguish Samuel Smith Richard Hannan Esquires John Thacker William Goslin Lynewell Sherwood Francis Norris Thomas Barret Gentlemen.

To the Maior of Lyn Regis for the time being Francis Parlett Esquire Recorder William Doubty Joshua Green Aldermen William Leake

To the Bailiffe for the Town of Yarmouth for the time being Thomas Green Robert Wakeman Aldermen

For the County of Nortflton

Unto William Lord Fitzwilliams Sir Rowland S1 John Knight of the Bath Sir Christopher Yelverton Knight and Baronet Sir John Norwich Baronet Zouch Tate Esquire Sir Francis Nicholas Baronet Sir William Chauncie Knight Sir Christopher Hatton Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Samuel Knight John Blinchoe Esquire Sir Humfirey Orme Knight Richard Knightly Senior Esquire Charles Edmonds Esquire Edward Harby Esquire John Bernard John Cartwright Philip Holeman John Cresswell Richard Trist William Pargeter Richard Lane Esquire Attorney to the Prince his Highnes James [Angou'] Edward Farmer Clifton Catesby Lawrence Manley Thomas Genison Richard Owsley John Sawyer Thomas Pentloe Thomas Dove Francis Quarles John Claypoole William Dudley Thomas Elme John Norton Edward Duncumbes Edward Handbury Henry Freeman Esquires Edward Shugborough Esquire the Maior of Northton for the time being Thomas Martin John Gifford Gentlemen

For the County of Northumberland

Unto Sir John Fenwicke and Sir William Widdrington Knights Sir John Delavale Knight Sir John Clevering Knight Thomas Middleton Esquire Cuthbert Heron Esquire Sir Robert Collingwood Knight Gilbert Swinhoe Esquire Sir Robert Jackson Knight William Shaftoe Esquire Henry Withrington Gentleman Sir Nicholas Temple Knight Robert Midforth Gentleman Richard Heron Gentleman John Salkeld Gentleman Henry Ogle Gentleman Ralph Carnaby Esquire Henry Whitehead Gentleman Richard Foster Gentleman Robert Clavering & Martin Fenwick Gentlemen.

For the County and Town of Newcastle upon Tine

The Maior for the Time being Sir Lionell Maddison Knight John Clavering Leonard Card Esquires Ralph Gray Henry Lawson Henry Waxmouth Thomas Butler Gentlemen.

For the County of Nottingham

Unto Francis Perpoint Esquire Sir Jarvase Clifton Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Molineux Sir Hardoffe Wastenesae Baronets Sir Thomas Hutchinson Sir Francis Thomhaighe Sir Roger Cooper Sir Mathew Palmer Sir Jervis Eyre Knights Robert Sutton Isham Perkins Anthony Eyre John Nevile Thomas Williamson William Stanhope Richard Byron John Wood Senior Timothy Pusy Gilbert Millington John Digby Acton Burnell Jervis Piggott Jervis Lee John Odingsell Hugh Cartwright William Saunderson Richard Hacker John Wood junior Esquires the Maior of Newarke for the time being.

For the Countie of the Town of Nottingham

Unto the Maior for the time being John James Francis Peirpoynt Esquire Sir Jervis Clifton Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas [Hutchinson*] Knight William Nix Richard Hardmeate William Gregory Robert Burton Aldermen Robert Sutton William Stanhope Gilbert Millington Esquires Huntington Plumbtree Doctor of Phisick Robert Greves John Gregorie senior.

For the Countie of Oxford

Unto William Lenthall Esquire now Speaker of the Commons House of Parliament Sir Thomas Pope Knight Sir Thomas Penniston Knight and Baronet Sir Peter Wentworth Knight of the Bath Sir John Curson Sir Robert Dormer Sir Robert Jenkinson Knight Sir John Lacy Sir Francis Norris Sir William Cobb Sir Thomas Cogghill Knights Edward Wray John Doyley Thomas Chamberlaine Thomas Tipping Robert Scroope Edmund Simeon [Unto3] Croke Humphrey Elmes Richard Hampden John Taverner Edmund Goodier William Tipping John Griffith Edmund Chamberlaine Bartholomew Hone Rice Jones Walter Dunch Edward Clarke Charnell Petrie Vincent Barrey and Richard Powell Esquires Unto the Maior of the City of Oxori for the time being John Whistler Esquire Recorder Henry Southam John Smith John Nixon.

For the County of Rutland

Unto Sir Edward Harrington Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Bodenham Knight Richard Wynfeild Alexander Noell Bryan Palmes Edward Heath Evers Armyn John Osborne Edward Faulconer Edward Chisledine and Andrew Burton Esquires.

1 Anyou 0.

* Hutchison 0.

3 Unton 0.

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 32.

155

For the County of Surrey

Unto William Mounson Knight Lord Viscount Mounson of Castlemaine Sir Anthony Vincent Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Young Sir Ambrose Browne Baronets Sir Nicholas Carew Sir Richard Onslo* Sir Arthur Man waring Sir Thomas Grymes Sir Francis Howard Sir Charles Howard Sir Francis Stidolph Sir John Howland Sir John Lenthall Knights Sir John Jaques Baronet Sir John Tonstall Sir John Gresham Sir Thomas Evelyn Sir William Elliot Sir Thomas Bludder Sir Dudley Carleton Sir Robert Parkehurst Sir John Evelyn Sir Samuel Oldfeild Knights Nicholas Stoughton Henry Hilliard George Evelyn Arthur Squibb George Mynn George Duncombe senior William Mustchampe Robert Hatton Robert Goodwyn Edmund Saunders John Turnor Henry Weston Robert Holman Edward Bish senior Edward Bish junior Heyward Bickerstaffe Richard Hacket Woolley Lea John Denham John Hamond Mathew Carleton John Goodwyn Anthony Fane James Zouch Thomas Sands Cornelius Holland Charles Hoskyns Esquires John Wayte Gentleman Samuel Warcupp Esquire Robert Haughton Cornelius Cooke.

For the County of Stafford

Unto Sir yTilliam Brereton Sir Harvy Baggot Sir Edward Littleton Baronets Sir Richard Leveson Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Egerton Knight Ralph Snede Walter Wrotesley George Digby Thomas Crompton Humfirey Worley Mathew Morton John Scrimshire John Fowke Esquires Edward Manwaring Arthur Grosvenor Richard Pyat Michael Biddulph John Wedgwood junior William Brookes Esquires Richard Ever Richard Hinton Nicholas Hurt Gentlemen.

For the City and County of the City of Litchfeild

Unto the Bailiffs of the said City for the time being Michael Noble Esquire John Barnes Humfrey Mathew Randall Terrick Richard Baxter Richard Drafgate Gentlemen.

For the County of Salop

Unto Sir Robert Howard Knight of the Bath William Peirpoynt Esquire Sir Richard Levison Knight of the Bath Sir Paul Harris Knight and Baronet Sir John Corbet Sir Richard Lee Baronets Sir Thomas Woolrige Sir Moreton Briggs Baronets Sir William Whitmore Sir Richard Newport Sir William Owen Sir Robert Eyton Knights Henry Bromley Harcourt Layton Esquires John Wylde Esquire Richard More Charles Baldwyn Francis [Charleton1] Walter Barker Edward Jones Thomas Eyton Peter Corbet Edward Cresset Thomas Corbet Adam Littleton Thomas Kettleby Francis Herbert William Littleton Francis Harbert Edward Acton Humfrey Walcott Walter Piggott John Newton Thomas Nicholls Arthur Sandford William Fowler Thomas Mitton Andrew Lloyd Richard Lloyd Francis Thornes Robert Powell Thomas Screven William Blundell Richard Oakely Walter Waring Thomas Southeme Roger Kinastone Rowland Hill Robert Corbet of Stannadine Esquires Arthur Ward Thomas Lockard Gentlemen the Maior of the Towne of Shrewsbury for the time being Sir Richard Prince Knight Timothy Turner Thomas Jones senior Edward Jones Thomas Owen Humfrey Mackworth Thomas Mitton Richard Gibbons Esquires William Rowley Simon Weston Charles Benion Robert Betton Thomas Winfeild John Studley Aldermen of Shrewsbury the Bailiffs of the Town of Ludlow for the time being Ralph Goodwyn Charles Baldwyn Esquires Edward Jones Adam Acton and Ellis Biddow Gentlemen.

For the County of Southton

Unto George Goring Esquire Sir John Mill Baronet Sir Richard Norton Baronet Sir William Lewes Baronet Sir Henry Wellopp Knight Sir Gabrieli Dowse Knight Sir Francis Dowse Knight Sir Gerrard Fleetwood Knight Sir William Uvedall Knight Sir Thomas Jarvis Knight Sir Thomas Bilson Knight Sir Henry Clarke Knight Sir John Compton Knight Sir William Waller Knight Sir William Ogle Knight Robert Wallop Esquire Richard Whitehead Esquire John Doddington Esquire Richard Norton of Southwicke Esquire Henry Sands Esquire Richard Jarvis Esqiiire John [Lisle *] Esquire Thomas Neale Esquire William Kingsmill Esquire Edward Pit Esquire Benjamin Tutchburne Esquire Arthur Hide Esquire Dowse Fuller Esquire Thomas Wills Esquire John Button Esquire Francis Saintberb Esquire John Hooke Esquire Edward Hooper Esquire Arthur Bromfeild Esquire John Kempe Esquire Henry Tulse Esquire William Withers Esquire Thomas Brooke Esquire Richard Major Esquire Thomas Edmonds Esquire Francis Tflney Esquire the Maior of Winton for the time being Thomas Chandler Thomas Betsworth Esquire Francis Rivet Esquire Thomas Hussey [ Esquire1] Christopher Hussey Esquire Ralphe Rix the Maior of Portsmouth for the time being

For the Town and County of the Town of Southton

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir John Mill Baronet Nicholas Peascodd Alderman George Gollop Alderman Peter Priaulx Alderman Edward Exton Alderman Thomas Mason Alderman Peter Clungion Alderman.

For the Isle of Wight

Unto Sir Henry [Worsley4] Baronet Sir Robert Dillington Baronet Sir John Meux Baronet Sir William Lisle Sir John Oglunder Sir John Leigh Knights Bamaby Leigh John Lisle Edward Dennis John Richards John Bulkley William Bournam John [Worsley4] Esquires Robert Urry Gentleman.

1 Chorleton O.

• Lisley 0.

* 0. omits.

4 Worstlejr 0.

156

16° Car. I. c. 32.

A.D. 1640.

For the County of Suffolke

Unto Sir Edmund Baton Sir William Playteers Sir Robert Crane Knights and Baronets Sir John Barker Sir Buttes Bacon Sir Simonds d’ Ewes Knight and Baronet Sir William Spring Baronet Sir Roger North Sir Nathaniel Bamardiston Sir Philip Parker Sir William Soame Sir John Rowse Sir Thomas Glemham Sir John Wentworth Sir Charles Crofts Sir William Pooley Sir Robert Brooke Sir William Harvy Sir Thomas Gee Sir Edward Duke Knights Henry Cooke Thomas Jermin William Heveningham Maurice Barrowe John Wingfeild John Gurdon Wiseman [Bokenham *] William Rivet of Bilson Henry North Isaac Appleton Thomas Plaiters Robert Raynalds John Rowse Thomas Cole Richard Pepes Robert Brewster John Scrivener Henry North Senior Nicholas Bacon of Dennington Thomas Blosse Arthur Jenny Nathaniel Bacon of Friston John Lany Nicholas Rivet of Drinkston Francis Bacon William Cage William Bloyse of Grandesbourgh John Clench junior Edmund Harvy of Wickhamskeythe Esquires the Bailiffe of the Towne of Ipswich for the time being John [Sucklmor *] Richard Puplet Gentlemen Edmund Keyne John [Aide5] Gentlemen the [Bailiffs4] of Aldeburge for the time being Thomas Johnson Henry Cleney Gentleman.

For the County of Somerset Unto Sir Thomas Mallet Knight one of his Majesties Justices of the Kings Bench Sir John Homer Sir Charles Berkley (’) Sir Francis Dodington Sir Thomas Wroth Sir Henry Berkley Knights Sir Thomas Bridges and Sir Francis Hawle Knights John Mallet John Harrington William Walrond George Powlet Richard Cole Anthony Stocker William Capell John Symmes William Every junior William Bull Robert Harbyn Thomas Lutterell Samuel Gorges Robert Henley William Strode of Barrington Amias Bampfeild John Sl Albyne John Hunt Edward Dyer William Hill of Pounsford Edward Wycks William Barrow senior John Baber John Merifeild James Ash Henry Nevill Edward Baber Nathaniel Holbech Esquires unto the Maior of Bathe for the time being Richard Chapman John Biggs Aldermen.

For the County of Sussex

Unto Sir Thomas Pelham Sir Thomas Bowyer Baronets Sir John Chapman Sir William Morley Sir Henry Dawtry Sir Thomas Parker Sir George Courtopp Sir Thomas Eversfeild of Denn Sir Thomas Eversfeild junior Sir Thomas Henley Knights Philip Jarmin Serjeant at Lawe Anthony Stapley Edward Ford Thomas Grey John Alford Thomas My lies Nicholas Wolfe Ralph Cooper Henry Goring Thomas May Thomas Midleton Hall Ravenscroft William Marlot Edward Apsley William Michillbourne Harbert Morley Anthony Fowle Henry Shelley John Ashboumham William White Harbert Hay John Baker Laurence Ashboumeham Herbert Bourd John Busbridge William Cawley Peter Farneden Thomas Whitfeild William Thomas John Downes Henry Peck Francis Selwyn John Apsley Esquires Henry Bridgen Gentleman George Sampson & William Bachelour of Winchelsey Gentlemen.

For the County of/Warwick

Unto James Lord Compton Sir Thomas Leigh Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Holt Knight and Baronet Sir Simon Clarke Baronet Sir Robert Fisher Knight and Baronet Sir Peter Wentworth Knight of the Bath Sir Grevill Varney Knight Sir Hercules Underhill Knight Sir Henry Gibbs Knight Sir Francis Willoughby Knight Sir Simon Archer Knight Sir George Devereux Knight Rowley Ward Serjeant at Law Walter Chitwine Esquire Spencer Lucy Robert Ardine George Browne Clement Throckmorton Robert Lee Richard Shugburgh William Combes John Lisley William Purefey John Temple Thomas Boughton Anthony Stoughton James Onion Robert Shelton John Fetherston Esquires Thomas Newsum Esquire Richard Bishopp Esquire Serjeant at Armes.

For the City and County of the City of Coventry

To the Maior for the time being Henry Million John Clarke Thomas Ward William Jessyn John Barker Aldermen John Hales & Richard Greene Esquires Thomas Basnett.

For the County of Wilts

Unto Edward Lord Gorges Sir John Sl Johns Knight and Baronet Sir William Button Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir John Glanvile Knight one of His Majesties Serjeants at Lawe Sir John Davers Sir Edward Bainton Sir John Eamley Sir Nevill Poole Sir Theobald Gorges Sir Henry Ludlowe Sir. Walter Smith Sir John Lambe Sir George Ayloffe Sir John Evelyn Edward Seymer George Vaughan Lawrence Hide Richard Goddard John Bowles Edward Tucker Francis Swanton John Saddler Robert Drewe Edward Earley William Bowyer John Topp Thomas More Robert Eyre William Walleys Robert Genner Walter Longe John Ducket Edmund Escourt Robert Nicholas Charles Gore Thomas Hungerford Thomas Bennet Henry Bayley John Penruddock Richard Goddard Edward Goddard Walter Norbume George Lowe Henry Hawkins Philip Smith Jasper More Thomas Grove John Francklyn Unto the Maior of New Sarum for the time being Richard Goddard Esquire John Ivie John Dove

For the County of Westmerland

Unto Sir Philip Musgrave Baronet Sir James Bellingham Sir Richard Sandford Knights Sir Henry Bellingham Knight and Baronet Christopher Phillipson Gawen Brathwaite Allen Bellingham Geoige Gilpin Richard Crackenthorpe Esquires John Dalston Esquire Christopher Dudley Esquire.

16° Car. I. c.32.

157

For the County of Worcester

Unto Sir Walter Devereux Sir Thomas Rous Baronets Sir John Rous Knight John Wilde Serjeant at Lawe Humfrey Sahrey Edward Pitt Edward Dingley William Jeffryes of Hamm Castle John Savage Henry Ingram Henry Townsend John Nanfan Edward Vernon William Childe Thomas Good Robert Wilde of the Commanders John Winford Esquires George Lench Philip Brace Roger Lowe John Colding Esquires Henry Dison Edward Barret & Nicholas Gower of Droytwich John Hailes & Francis Gilding of Bewdley Daniel Dobbins Esquires the Bailiffe of Kidderminster for the time being the Maior of Evesham for the time being Francis Harwell Thomas Chresheld Gentlemen.

For the Citie and Countie of the Citie of Worcester

Unto the Maior for the time being John Coucher Roger Gough John Hanbury John Nash William Norris George Street Aldermen Francis Street Esquire Richard Heming Humphrey Vernon Gentlemen.

For the County of Anglesey and Town of Beaumaris

To Sir Arthur Terringham Sir Thomas Holland Knights Thomas Buckley Thomas Glyn Richard [Putherich*] John Bodevile Hugh Owen of Bodeon Owin Wood William Robinson Richard Owen Richard Merricke Henry White William Bold Esquires.

For the County of Brecon

To Henry Williams Thomas Gwyn John Williams Richard Gaynes John Wabiefe Jeffery Jeffery es William Morgan Richard Rumsey Edward Williams Meredith Lewis Roger Vaughan William Harbert Bailiffe of Brecknock William Watkins Davies Winter Lewis Meredith Hugh Meredith John Herbert Morgan Aubrey Esquires

For the County of Cardigan

Unto Sir Marmaduke Lloyd Knight Sir John Lewis Knight Richard Price James Lewis Henry Vaughan junior Evan Gwyn John Stedman Thomas Price John Pew David Evans John Phillipps John Vaughan Esq. Thomas William Lloyd and Nicholas Williams Esquires

For the County of Carmarthen

Unto Sir Richard Vaughan Knight of the Bath and Earle of Carbury Sir Rees Rudd Baronet Henry Jones David Guyn John Vaughan of Plose Richard Vaughan Rowland Gwyn Henry Vaughan junior Richard Phillips John Harris Thomas Lloyd Nicholas Williams Esquires

For the Borough and the Countie of the Borough of Carmarthen

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir Richard Vaughan Knight of the Bath and Earle of Carbury in the Kingdome of Ireland Griffith Lewis Martin Bynon Thomas Wood Lewis Jones Thomas Jones Rowland Phillips David Be van Owen Man and John Bloome Esquires.

For the Countie of Camarvan

Unto Sir Richard Wynn Knight and Baronet Sir William Williams Baronet Thomas Glynn John Bodvell Griffith Jones John Griffith John Owen Owen Wynn William Thomas Maurice Wynne Griffith Thomas Humfrey Jones Thomas Glynn of Nanley William Glynn John Bodurda John Robins Thomas Maddryn William Lloyd Arthur Williams William Hookes Hugh Griffith and Hugh Wynne Esquires and John Jones of Melnuen Gentleman.

For the Countie of Denbigh

Unto Sir Thomas Salisbury Baronet Sir Thomas Middleton Sir Edward Broughton Knights William Salisbury William Wynne Simon Thelwall Gerrard Eyton Edward Meredith Robert Wynn Richard Lloyd John Lloyd Edward Thelwell Kenrick Eyton John Wynne Hugh Lloyd John Thelwall Richard Middleton John Roydon William Parry Esquires.

For the Countie of Flint

Unto Sir Thomas Hanmer Baronet Sir Roger Mostyn Knight Sir Thomas Bruerton Knight Richard Grovesnor Roger Mostyn William Conway Thomas Ravenscroft Humphrey Dymocke John Puleston Robert Davies Thomas Mostyn John Salisbury John Eaton William Mostyn Peter Griffith Peter Evans Richard Parry Evan Edwards and Ralph Hughes Esquires.

For the County of Glamorgan

Unto Philip Lord Harbert of Cardiffe Sir William Lewis Sir Thomas Lewis Sir Anthony Mansell Knights Edward Stradling John Came John Oberry Nicholas Kerns Thomas Mathews Richard Basset William Harbert of Swansey Anthony Gwyn William Harbert of Cogan Edward Thomas Thomas Lewis Thomas Came David Evans Marmaduke Mathews Watkin Lougher Jenkin Morgan Walter Thomas Esquires and Richard Seys Gentleman.

* Pritherich 0.

Ss

16° Car. I. c.32.

A JD. 164-0.

For the County of Mereonith

Unto Sir James Price Knight William Salisbury Edmund Merick Hugh Nanny William Lewis Lewis Ajawell William Wynn John Lloyd John Morgan John Lewis Lewis Nanny Thomas Mytton Esquires.

For the County of Pembrooke

Unto Sir Richard Phillips Sir John Stepney Baronets Sir Hugh Owen Knight and Baronet John Lawhame Hugh (1) Bowen Esquires Thomas ap Rice Lewis Barber George Browne David Pa. ry John Phillips John Gunter Walter Cuny Thomas White the Maior of the Towne of Pembrooke and Timby for the time being.

For the Town and County of Haverford West

Unto the Maior for the time being Sir John Stepney Baronet Maurice Cannon William Maylor John Davies Gentlemen Jenkyn Howell Richard Bivans Aldermen William Bowen & Thomas Barlowe Esquires.

For the County of Mountgomery

Unto Sir John Price Baronet Sir Edward Lloyd Knight Richard Harbert Arthur Price Rowland Pugh John Blaney Edward Corbet Lloyd Peirs John Price Richard Pugh Evan Glynn Edward Lloyd Thomas Maurice Thomas Owens Esquires Charles Lloyd Edward Wynn William Ruffin Francis Harbert [ Esquires *] Randall Owen Gentleman.

For the Countie of Radnor

Unto Charles Price William Vaughan Richard Jones Robert Williams Senior Robert Williams junior Roderick Gwyn Morgan Vaughan Nicholas Meredith Hugh Lloyd Harbert Weston Bryan Crowther Esquires.

Commiuiona to be delivered to the Commissioners before the ioth April 1642; and Ten Schedules of Tenor of Act filed, and Schedules, &c. of Names of Popish Recusants.

yin.

Commissioners to meet together.

IX. Commissioners to execute Act according to the tenor thereof.

For Payment of the Two Moieties of the said Money,

Commissioners to direct Precepts to a certain Number of Inhabitants in Hundreds, &c. to appear before the the Commissioners.

Which Commissions for the payment of the said sum and sums of money shall be severally and respectively delivered to the said Commissioners or to one of them before the tenth day of Aprill One thousand six hundred fourty two and to every of the said [Commissioners3] ten schedules (containing the tenour of this AS) shall be filed. And for the Commissioners better discovery of Popish Recusants severall schedules shall be delivered unto them with theire severall Commissions out of the Exchequer and Certificates from the Clerkes of the Assizes and of the Peace and other the like Officers and from the Ministers and Churchwardens of every Parish of the names of such Popish Recusants as are to be charged by this AS by [the4] which Commission the Commissioners in every such Commission named according to this Act and as many of them as shall be appointed by the said Commission shall have full power and authority to put the effect of the said Commission in execution.

And Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that after such Commission to them delivered the said Commissioners for the better effecting of the ^misses shall and may with all convenient speed assemble themselves and meet togeather in every of the said Counties or Places respectively (where they are Commissioners) in some convenient place for the distribuC&n of the said sum imposed upon each Countie to be divided into Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Towns Parishes and other places according to the true meaning of this Act and that afterwards they may by theire assents and agreements sever themselves for the execution of theire Commission into such Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Towns Parishes and other Places within the limits of the said Commission in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered and betweene them to be agreed according to the tenour and effect of the Commission to them therein directed

And be it alsoe enacted by authorise of this psent Parliament That the Commissioners and every of them which are named limited and appointed according to this Act to be Commissioners in every such Shire Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape City Town Borough Isle or any other place and none other shall truely effectually and diligently for their parts execute the effect of this present Act according to the tenour thereof in every behalfe and no otherwise by any meanes without omission favour dread malice or any other thing to be attempted or done by them or any of them to the contrary thereof And the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be appointed by the said Commission and none other for the execution of the said Commission and Ad shall for the taxation of the said first payment being the moitie or one halfe of the said sume and sums of money before the six and twentieth day of Aprill in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred fourty two And for the taxation of the second payment being the other moyety hereof before the first day of September One thousand six hundred fourty and two by vertue of the Commission delivered to them in form aforesaid direct theire severall or joynt precept or precepts unto eight seven six five four three or twoe (as for the number of the Inhabitants shall be requisite) of the most subs tan tiall discreet and honest persons Inhabitants to be named by the said Commissioners or by as many of them as shall bee appointed by the said Commission of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes Towns and other places aswell within Liberties Franchises ancient demeasne places exempted and Sanctuaries as without within the limits of the Shires Ridings Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Towns Boroughs and Isle aforesaid and other places within the limits of theire Commission and to the Constables Subconstables Bailiffs and other like Officers and Ministers of every of the said Hundreds Towns Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes and other places aforesaid as to the Commissioners

1 Hugh O.

•Esq

5 Comissions O.

4 interlined 011 the Roll.

j

159

and every number of them or to four or three of them by theire discretion shall seem expedient and as by the manner and use of those parts shall be requisite straitly by the said precept charging and commanding the said Inhabitants Constables and other Officers aforesaid to whom such Precept shall be so directed to appeare in theire proper persons before the said Commissioners or such number of them as(‘) shall divide themselves according to the tenour of the said Commission at certahte dayes and places by the said Commissioners or any such number of them as is aforesaid within Cities Boroughs or Towns corporate or without in any other place as is aforesaid by theire discretion to be limited thereunto to do and accomplish all that to them on the part of the Kings Majesde shall be enjoyned touching this Act Commaunding further by the said precept that he to whose hands such precept shall come shall shew and deliver the same to the other Inhabitants or Officers named in the same Precept and that none of them faile to

accomplish the same upon pain of five pounds to be forfeited to the Kings Majesde

And be it further enacted by the authority of this psent Parliament That at the said day and place £*fixed and limited in the said precept every of the said.Commissioners then being in the Shire and not having sufficient excuse for his absence at the day and place pfixed for that part whereunto he was limited shall appeare in his owne proper person and there the same Commissioners being f?sent or as many of them as shall be appointed by the Kings Majesdes Commission shall call or cause to be called before them the said Inhabitants and Officers to whom they have directed theire said precepts and which had in commandment there to appeare by vertue of the said precept And if any person so warned make default unlesse he then be letted by sicknes or lawfull excuse and that lett be then witnessed by the Oathes of two credible persons which oath the said Commissioners or any two or more of them shall have power by this Act to administer or if any appearing refuse to serve in form following then every such person so making default or refusing to serve shall forfeit to the Kings Majesde five pounds and so att every rime

appointed by the said Commissioners for the said severall taxations untill such time as the number of every such

persons have appeared and certified in form underwritten every of them so making default or refusing to serve shall forfeite to the Kings Majesde five pounds And upon the same appearance had they shall be charged before the Commissioners by all convenient wayes and meanes other then by corporall oath to enquire of the value of the substance after the usuall manner of every person dwelling and abiding within the limits of the places that they shall be charged with and of other which shall have his or theire most resort unto any of the said places and chargeable with any sum of money by this Act and all other things requisite touching the said Act and according to the intent of the same and thereupon as nee re as it may bee or shall come to theire knowledge without respect of any former taxation heretofore had truly to present & certifie before the said Commissioners the names and surnames and the substance and values of every of them after the usuall manner as aforesaid as well of Lands Tenements Fees Offices Tythes and other hereditaments possessions and profits as well ecclesiasticall as temporall as of goods chattels debts and other things chargeable by the same Ad without any concealment love favour affection dread or malice upon paine of forfeiture of five pounds at the most to be taxed extracted and levied in form as hereafter in this psent Ad shall be limited or appointed And thereupon the said Commissioners shall openly there read or cause to be read unto them the said rates in this Act mentioned and openly declare the effect of their charge unto them in what manner and form they ought and should make theire certificates according to the rates and sums thereof abovesaid and of all manner of persons as well Aliens and Strangers Denizens or not Denizens inhabiting within this Realm as of such Popish Recusants and other persons as be borne under the Kings obeysance chargeable to this Act and of the possessions Goods and Chattels of Fraternities Guilds Corporations Brotherhoods Mysteries Communalties and other as is aforesaid and of persons being in the parts beyond the Seas having goods and chattells lands or tenements within this Realm as is aforesaid and of all goods being in the custodie of any person or persons to the use of any other as is aforesaid by the which information and shewing the said persons may have such plain knowledge of the true intent of this psent Ad and of the manner of theire certificate that the same persons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance And after such charge and the Statute concerning the said money to be raised and the manner of the said Certificate to be made in writing containing the names and surnames of every person and whether he be born without the Kings Dominions or within and the value of every person in every degree aswell of the yearely value of I .antis and Tenements and of such like possessions and profits as of the value of Goods and Chattels Debts and every thing to theire certificate requisite and necessary to them declared the said Commissioners there being shall by theire discretions limit and appoint unto the said persons another day and place to appeare before the said Commissioners and charging the said persons that they shall in the meane time make diligent enquiry by all wayes and meanes of the pmisses and then and [theire1] every of them upon pain of forfeiture of five pounds to the Kings Majesde to appeare at the said next prefixed day and place there to certifie unto the said Commissioners in writing according to theire said charge and according to the true intent of the said grant of the sums of money aforesaid and as to them in manner aforesaid hath been declared and shewed by the Commissioners At which day and place so to them pfixed if any of the said persons make default or appear and refuse to make the said certificate then every of them so offending to forfeit to the Kings Majesde five pounds (except there be a reasonable excuse of his default by reason of his sicknes or otherwise by the Oathes of two credible persons there witnessed which Oathes the said Commissioners or any two of them shall have power by this Act to administer) And of such as appeare ready to make certificate as is aforesaid the said Commissioners there being shall take and receive the same certificate and every part thereof and the names values and substance of every person so certified And if the said Commissioners see cause reasonable they shall examine the said Presenters thereof and thereupon the said Commissioners at the said dayes and places by theire agreement amongst themselves shall from time to time there openly pfix a day att a certaine place or places within the limits of theire Commission by theire discretion for theire further proceeding to the said assessing of the same sum and sums of money And thereupon at the

1 they O. 2 there 0.

Persons who receive Precepts ire to •bew such Precepts to the other Inhabitants named therein;

Penalty £$.

X.

Commissioners to meet and call Persons named in Precept to appear before them*

Such Persons making Default, or refusing to serve

Penalty 4^5.

Upon Appearance to be chained to make inquiry into the Substance of Persons to be charged j but such Inquiry not to be taken on Oath ; and to certify before Commissioners such Substance, and the Names of the Parties charged, See.

Penalty £$.

Thereupon Commissioners to read the Rates openly, and instruct Officers how to make their Certificates, &c.

Afterwards another Day to be appointed by Commissioners for such Persons to appear.

Such Persons not appearing, and refusing to make Certificate. Penalty j£$. Proviso for Sickness, See.

Commissioners to examine Presenters of Certificate.

160

16° Car. I. c. 32.

A.D. 1640.

Further Proceedings on Assessments by Precepts to Constables, &c. to •warn Persons named therein to appear.

Oath not allowed on Inquiry into the Substance of Persons charged.

Persons named in the said Precept, called upon, not appearing.

Proviso for reasonable Excuse.

Penalty, Double Rate.

On Inquiry into the Substance of Persons charged. Commissioners may increase Taxation.

Spiritual Persons how rated for Temporal Possessions.

said day of the said Certificate as is aforesaid taken the same Commissioners shall make theire pcept or pcepts to the Constables Subconstables JBailiffes or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Towns or other places aforesaid as the same Commissioners shall be of comprising and containing in the said precepts the names and simames of all persons presented before them in the said Certificate of whom if the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Kings Commission shall then have vehement suspition to be of greater value or substance in Lands Goods Chattels or sums of money owing unto them or other substance aforesaid then is upon such person or persons so certified and specified as aforesaid the same Commissioners shall make theire precept or precepts directed to the Constables Bayliffes or other Officers commanding them to whom such precepts shall be directed to warn such persons whose names shall be comprised in the said Precepts at theire Mansions or to theire persons that the same persons named in such precepts and every of them shall personally appeare before the said ComissioSs at the said new pfixed day and place there to be examined by all wayes and meanes (other then by corporall oath) by the said Commissioners of theire substance and value in manner as aforesaid and of all and every sums of money owing to them and other whatsoever matter concerning the ^misses or any of them according to this Act At which day and place so fPfixed the said Commissioners then and there being or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Kings Commission shall cause to be called the said persons whose names shall be comprised in the said Precept [or1] is aforesaid for theire examination And if any of those persons which shall be warned as aforesaid to be examined which at any time after the warning and before the day pfixed shall be within such place as he may have knowledge of his said appearance to be made shall make default and appeare not unlesse a reasonable cause or excuse by the Oathes of two

credible Witnesses before the said Commissioners which Oathes the said Commissioners or any two of them shall have power by this Act to administer be truly alledged for his discharge that then every of them so making default to be taxed and charged with and at the double sum of the rate that he should or ought to have

beene set at for and after the value aforesaid of his lands or substance upon him certified if he had appeared

by the discretion of the Commissioners there being which Commissioners shall use theire best endeavors with every of the other persons so then and [[theire1] appearing whose names shall be expressed in the said precept or precepts and in whom any vehement suspicion was or shall be had in form aforesaid by all wayes and meanes they can (other then by corporall Oath for theire better knowledge of theire value as aforesaid either in

hereditaments or possessions or else in goods or debts and thereupon shall have power and authority by vertue

of this Act according to theire discretions to inlarge and increase the taxation of such persons as they shall [soe3] finde by due examination to be of greater value or substance in lands or goods then they were presented at And that every spirituall person at every of the said taxations of the said sume or sums of money shall be rated and set according to the rate abovesaid of and for every pound that the same spirituall persons or any other to his use hath in any Mannors Lands Tenements Rents Services Offices Fees Corodies Annuities Tithes and Hereditaments ecclesiasticall or temporall as well in right of theire Churches as otherwise after the true just and yearely value thereof and according as other the Kings Majesties Subjects born within this Realm be charged in form above remembred so the same extend to the yearely value of twenty shillings or above.

XL Amcuots misbehaving;

Commissioners may set a Fine upon them.

Such Fine to be certified and levied as other Sums under the Act.

Remedy for Persons aggrieved by the Assessment.

Commissioners may abate or increase Assessment.

False Oath of Valueof Lands, &c.

Penalty.

And be it further enacted that if the said Taxers or Assessors shall not duly behave themselves in the inquiry taxation assessment or certificate but shall affectionately corruptly or partially demeasne themselves in that behalfe in such wise that the Commissioners shall by theire considerations deeme them offenders worthy of punishment for not doeing theire duties therein that then four or more of the Commissioners in that County for the said sume and sumes of money shall [have3] power and authority by theire discretions either to charge the said Assessors upon theire corporall Oathes for the better service aforesaid in that behalfe or else by theire discretion to tax and set upon the said Assessors for theire misdemeanors in that behalfe such a fine or pain as they shall thinke good so that it exceed not the sum of ten pounds and the same fine or pain at theire discretions to certifie to the persons nominated as aforesaid Every which fine so taxed and set by four of the said Commissioners or more and being (4) with the Schedule and Book of that limit shall be leavyed and answered in like manner and form to all intents and purposes as any other sums that shall be taxed and become due by vertue of this Act and not in any otherwise or manner And if any person certified or rated by vertue of this Act whether he be a Commissioner or other to any manner of value doth finde himselfe greived with the same presentment sessrng or rating and thereupon complain to the Commissioners before whom he shall be called sessed or taxed or before two of them before the same taxation be certified in the Court of Exchequer that then the said Commissioners four or three of them shall by all wayes and meanes examine particularly & distinftly the person so complaining upon his Oath and other his neighbors by theire discretions of every his Lands and Tenements above specified and of every his Goods Chattels and debts above mentioned and after due examination and perfect knowledge thereof had and perceived by the said Commissioners or three of them which shall have power by authority aforesaid the said Commissioners or any three of them to whom any such complaint shall be made by theire discretions upon the Oath of the said person so complaining may abate defaulk increase or inlarge the said Assessments according as it shall appeare unto them just upon the same examination and the same sum so abated defaulked increased or inlarged shall be by them certified in form as is hereafter specified And if it be proved by witnesses or by the parties owne confession or other lawfiill wayes or meanes within a yeare after any such Oath made that the same person so rated and sworn was of any better or greater value in lands goods or other things above specified at the time of his said Oath then the said person so sworn did declare upon his [said3] Oath that then every person so offending shall lose and forfeit to the Kings Majestie so much lawfull money of England as he the same person so sworn was set at or taxed to pay.

16® Car. I. c. 32.

161

And be it iltoe enacted by the tame authority that every person to be rated and taxed at it aforesaid shall be rated and set and the sQm on him rated and set to be leavied in every county for the estate he hath either in Lands tenements hereditaments rents annuities fees offices goods cattels or chattels [in that county only & if he have an wtate either in Lands tenem'f hereditam'f rents ahuities fees offices goods cattels or chattels *] in severall places in one county then to be rated in the said severall places in each severall County according to such his said estate in the said severall places and the sum on him set to be there leavyed accordingly.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the Lands tenements [or1 ] hereditaments of all and every person or persons whatsoever of what degree or qualide soever or in whose possession [soever'] the same are shall be rated charged and chargeable for and towards the raising and payment of the said Four hundred thousand pounds and sfim and sums of money aforesaid yet neverthelesse with this limitation and provision that if the land be set or let to or neere the true yearely value thereof in the possession of any tenant for life lives yeares or at will such person or persons to whom the rent thereof belongeth to be solely chargeable therewith but if the same be let at any easie or mall rent or under value then the sum taxed to be apportioned betweene the partie or parties to whom the rent belongeth and the tenant or occupier of the Lands Tenements or hereditaments as the taxers shall thinke meet and if they or any of them shall doe any injury the same to be rectified by the Commissioners according to theire discretion And if any such tenant or occupier of Lands tenements or hereditaments shall or may be charged with any sum of money contrary to the true intent and meaning of this A 3 that it shall and may be lawfoll to and for such tenant or occupier to stop and detaine the same from and out of [this *] rent due for the same Land or to take his lawfull remedy against such person or persons to whom the said rent is or shall be due or belonging who ought by the true meaning of this Act to be charged therewith by action of Debt wherein no wager of law prote&ion or essoin shall be allowed And in case that any lands or hereditaments in severall Counties Hundreds Parishes or Places shall be let or set for or charged with one entire rent or rents the owner of such rent or rents to be rated and charged for the rent in each Countie Hundred parish or place proportionably and according to the value of the Lands or hereditaments so let in every of the said Counties [HundredsJ] Parishes and places and for all manner of debts whatsoever or sum or sums of money due or owing to any person or persons by any person or persons within the Realm and alsoe for any Debts goods or sums of money remaining or being beyond the Seas out of his Majesties Domiuions due or belonging to any person or persons residing within England or Wales to be charged for the same in the place of his residence or abode at the time of the taxation onely

And be it ordained and enacted by the authority of this present Parliament that no person having two Mansions or two places to resort unto or calling himselfe houshold servant or waiting servant to the Kings Majestie or other Lord or Lady Master or Mistresse be excused from the taxes of the said payments in any place or places where he may be set or taxed And if any person that ought to [bet4] set and taxed to the said payments by his covin craft or by any words or sayings or otherwise or if any that is a Commissioner or Assessors of others happen to escape from the said payments and be not set and taxed according to the true intent and meaning of this A3 and that proved by presentment examination information or otherwise before the said Commissioners or two of them or before the Barons of the Kings Majesties Exchequer or two Justices of the Peace of that County where such person dwelleth then every such person that by such meanes or otherwayes willingly by covin or without just cause shall happen to escape from the said taxations or payments aforesaid or any of them and shall not be rated taxed and set shall be charged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof with and at the treble value of so much as he should might or ought to have beene set or taxed at by vertue of this A3 and the same treble Value to be leavyed gathered and paid of his goods and chattels lands and tenements towards the said payment

And be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That after the taxes and assesses of the said sums upon and by the said assessing and certificate as is aforesaid made the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed and have authority by the Kings Majesties Commission shall with all speed and without delay by theire writing estreat the said taxes thereof under the Seales and Signes manuall of the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be appointed at the least And the same shall deliver unto sufficient and substantial! Inhabitants Constables Subconstables Bayliffes and other Officers joyntly of Hundreds Towns Parishes and other places aforesaid within theire limits and to other sufficient persons inhabitants of the same onely by the discretion of the said Commissioners with the assent of the High Collectors and as the place and parties shall require as well the particular names and surnames as the remembrance of all sumes of money taxed and set of and upon every person as well man as woman chargeable by this A3 housholders and all other Inhabitants and Dwellers within the said Parishes Towns and places contributary to this A3 by authority of which writing and estreat so delivered the said Officers and other persons so named and deputed severally shall have foil power and authority by vertue of this A3 immediately after the delivery of the said Writing or Estreat to demand leavie and gather of every person therein specified the sum and sums in the same writing or estreat comprised and for [non5] payment thereof to distrain the same person or persons so being behind and the occupier or tenant of Lands tenements or hereditaments chargeable by this A3 by his or theire goods and chattels and the distresse so taken to keepe by the space of eight dayes at the costs and tharges of the Owner thereof And if the said Owner do not pay such sum of money as shall be taxed upon him or her by authority of this A3 within the same eight dayes then the same distresse to be praised by four three or two of the Inhabitants where such distresse is taken and also then to be sold by the Constable or other Colle3or for the payment of the said money and the overplus coining by the sale if any be over and besides the charge of keeping the said distresse to be upon demaund

XII.

Persons to be rated in the Counties, sad in the several Places in Counties, where their Lands, Sec. he.

XIII.

Lands let to Tenant for Life, Years, or at Will, for nearly the yearly Value; Person receiving the Rent to be charged} but, if let at under Value, the Charge to be apportion^ between Landlord and Occupier, as the Taxers think

Taxers doingwrong. Commissioners may rectify.

Tenant unduly charged may retain out of his Rent, or have his A&oq of Debt.

Lands in several Counties, Hundreds, he. at one entire Rent, how charged.

Debts owing within the Realm and beyond Sea to Persons within the Realm, to be charged at the Places of Abode at the Time of Taxation.

XIV.

Proviso for Persons having two Mansions, or being Household Servants or Waiting Servants to the King or others. Commissioners or Assessors unduly escaping Taxation,

charged at Treble Value.

XV.

Rates estreated under the Seal and Sign Manual of the Commissioners, and Eftrcat delivered to sufficient Inhabitants, kc. of Hundreds, fee.

By Authority of Estreat. Officers, &c« to levy Rate.

Distress.

If Rate not paid in Eight Days, then Distress appraised and fold for Payment of Rate s Overplus to the Owner.

4 interlined on the Roll. * hit 0.

1 Hundred 0.

4 be 0. 4 not 0.

Vox~

Tt

m

16° Car. I. c. 32.

A.D. 1640

Officer*, he. to Answer for the Portion limited to them only.

XVI. Commissioners to appoint Collectors

to be High Collectors. Commissioners to deliver Estreats indented under their Seals and Sign Manual to Collectors. Collectors to answer the Sums comprized in Estreat.

restored to the Owner thereof which said Officers and other persons so deputed to aske take gather and leavie the said sums shall answer and be charged for the portion onely to them assigned and limited to be gathered lea vied and comprised in the said Writing or Estreat so to them as aforesaid delivered to the persons and uses in the A & expressed and the said sum in that writing or estreat to be comprised to pay [to1] the High Collector

or Collectors of that place in manner and form under written thereunto to be named and deputed

And further be it enacted by the said Authority that such of the said Commissioners or the more part of them as shall take upon them the execution and busines of the said Commission shall for the payment of the said moneys name such sufficient and able persons in Shires Ridings Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Towns corporate and other whatsoever places as well within places priviledged as without not being foreprised in this Act to be High Collectors and to have the collection and receipt of the said sums set and leviable within the fPcin&s limits and bounds where they shall be so limited and appointed to be High Collectors and to every of the said Collectors so severally named the said Commissioners or two of them at the least with all speed and without delay after the said sums of money be set by all the limits of the same theire Commission or in such limits as the High Collectors shall be so severally assigned shall under theire seales and signes manuall deliver one Estreat indented in parchment comprising in it the names of all such persons as were assigned to leavy the said particular sums of every Hundred

and Wapentake Town and other place aforesaid with the names and surnames of the persons so chargeable

according to the Estreat so hereof first made and delivered as is aforesaid And the Collectors to be assigned shall be charged to answer the whole sum comprised in the said Estreat limited to his Collection

xyn.

Commissioners to take Recognizances of High Collectors without Fee.

Condition of Recognizance.

Commissioners to certify

Recognizances, he, into the Exchequer;

Penalty j£io.

Collector not making Recognizance; Penalty

Exchequerto cancel Recognizances on Payment of Collection into Exchequer without Fee. Collector may appoint Days and Places for Payment of Collection.

Assessors, Scc. not paying Collection to High Collectors,

with Allowance of id. in the Pound of Collection. Distress.

Provided alwaies And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said Commissioners having authority by this A & to nominate the High Collectors of the said moneys shall immediatly upon that nomination and election take by authority of this present Parliament sufficient Recognizances or Obligations without any fee or reward to be paid therefore of every person so by them to be named to be High Collectors to be bound to the Kings Majestie in the double sum of the sum of his Collection and to be endorsed and made upon such condition that is to say for the due collection and payment of the moneys for and towards the first moyty of the said Foure hundred thousand pounds and sum and sums aforesaid that if the said Collector his heires or executors do truly content and pay to the persons aforesaid at the [place *] appointed by this Act for payment thereof at or before the twentieth day of July which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred fourty two so much of the said sum of money allotted and appointed to his collection that he shall collect and gather and content and pay the residue of his Collection and charge within one moneth next after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same residue that then the said recognizance or obligation to be void And for the Collection of the said latter payment for and towards the other moyetie or one halfe of the said Four hundred thousand pounds upon condition that if the said Collectour his heires or executours doe truly content and pay to the persons aforesaid at the places appointed by this Act for payment thereof at or before the twentieth day of January which shall be in the said yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred fourty two so much of the said sum of money allotted and appointed to his collection as he shall collect and gather and content and pay the residue of his collection and charge within one moneth next after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same residue that then the said recognizance or Obligation to be void or else to stand in full force and vertue Which said severall and respective recognizance or obligation soe taken the said Commissioners shall severally certifie and deliver into his Majesties Court of Exchequer with the severall Certificates of the said taxations and rates of the said payments at and by the times prescribed and appointed by this Act for the certificate of the said taxations of the said payments upon paine of forfeiture of ten pounds to the Kings Majestie for every recognizance or obligation not so certified And that every such Collector so named and chosen upon request to him made shall acknowledge and make the said recognizance or obligation upon pain of forfeiture of twenty pounds to the Kings Majestie for the refusall thereof and that the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the time being upon payment of the said severall collections of the said moneys at the dayes and times herein limited for the payment hereof shall cancell and deliver the recognizances or obligations for the payment thereof to the Collector or Collectors without any [other3] Warrant and without any fee or reward to be paid for the same to any person And every Collector soe deputed having the said Estreat in parchment as is aforesaid shall have authoritie by this Act to appoint dayes and places within the circuit of his collection for the payment of the said moneys to him to be made and thereof to give warning by Proclamation or otherwise to all the Constables or other persons or inhabitants having the charge of the particular collection within the Hundreds Parishes Towns or other places by him or them limited to make payment of the said particular Collection of every sum as to them shall appertain And if at the same day and place so limited and f?fixed by the said High Collector the said Constable Officers or other persons or inhabitants as is aforesaid for the said particular collection assigned and appointed within such Hundred Citie Town or other place doe not pay unto the said High Collector the sum within theire severall Hundreds Towns Parishes and other Places due & comprised in the said Estreat thereof to them delivered by the said Commissioners or some of them as is aforesaid or so much thereof as they have by any meanes received (one peny for every pound for the said particular collection as is aforesaid alwaies thereof to be allowed excepted and abated) that then it shall be lawfull for the said High Collectors and every of them and for theire assignes to distreine every of the said Constables Officers and other Inhabitants for theire said severall and particular Collection of the said sums comprised in the said Estreat and Writing thereof to them and every of them as is before expressed delivered or for so much of the same sum as so then shall happen to be gathered and leavied and behinde and unpaid by the goods and chattels of every of them so being behind and the distresse so

AJ). 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 32.

163

rmk#n to be kept and appraised and sold as is aforesaid and thereof to take and leavy the sQms so then being behmde and unpaid and the overplus coming of the sale of the said distresse (if any be) to be restored and delivered unto the Owner in form above remembred.

And be it alsoe by the said authority enacted that if any inhabitants or officers or whatsoever other person or persons charged to and for the Collection and Receipt of any part or portion of the said payments by any manner of meanes according to this Act or any person or persons for themselves or as Keeper Guardian Deputy Factor or Attorney of or for any other person or persons for any goods or chattels of the Owner thereof at the time of the said assessing to be paid being out of this Realme or in any other parts not knowne or of or for the goods and chattels of any other person or persons of any corporation fraternity mystery or other whatsoever communalty being corporate or not corporate and all persons having in theire rule governance and custody any goods or chattels at the time of the said assessing to be made or which for any cause for or by collection or for himselfe or for any other or by reason he hath any rule governance and custody of any goods or chattels of any other

person or persons corporation communalty fraternity guild or mystery or any such other like or as Factor Deputy

or Attorney of or for any person shall be taxed valued rated and set to any sum or sums by reason of this Act And if after the taxation and assessing upon any such person or persons as shall be charged with the Receipt of the same happen to dye or depart from the place where he was so taxed and set or his goods or chattels to be so eloyned or in such privy or covert manner kept as the same person or persons charged with the same by Estreats or other Writings from the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be thereuntp appointed by the said Commission as is aforesaid can ne may leavy the same sum and sums comprised within the same Estreats by distresse within the limits of their collection as is aforesaid or cannot sell such distresse or distresses as be taken for any the said payments before the time limited to the high Collector for his payment to be made as is aforesd then upon relacbn thereof with due examination by the oath or examinac6n of such person or persons as shall be charged with or for the receipt and collection of the same before the said Commissioners or as many of them as

by the same Commission shall be thereunto appointed where such person or persons or other as is aforesaid theire

goods and chattels were set and taxed and upon plain certificate thereof made by the said Commissioners as well of the dwelling place names and sums of the said persons of whom the said sums cannot be leavied and had as is aforesaid then as well the Constables and other Inhabitants appointed for the same particular Collection against the High Collector as the high Collector upon his Accompt and Oath in the said Exchequer to be discharged thereof and processe to be made in the Kings [Majestie*] name out of the same Exchequer by the direction of the Barons of the same Exchequer against such person his heires or executors so being behind with his payment And over that the same Commissioners to whom any such declaration of the premisses shall be made in form aforesaid from time to time shall have full power and authority to direct theire precept or precepts to the said person or persons charged with any sum of for and upon any such person or persons or other as is aforesaid or to any Sheriffe Steward Bailiffe or other whatsoever Officer Minister person or [persons1] of such place or places where any such person or persons so owing any such sum or sums shall have Lands and Tenements and other Hereditaments or reall possessions goods and chattels whereby any such person or persons so indebted his heires executors or assignes or other having the custody governance or disposition of any goods or chattels lands tenements or other hereditaments which ought or may by this Act be lawfully distreined or taken for the same hath and shall have Goods Chattels Lands Tenements or other possessions whereof such sum and sums which by any such person or persons may or ought to be leavyed be it within the limits of such Commission where such person or persons was or were taxed or without in any place within this realm of England Wales or other the Kings Majesties Dominions Marches or Territories by which Precept as well such person or persons shall be charged to leavie such Money as the Officer of the place or places where such distresse may be taken shall have full power and authority to distrein every such person indebted charged or chargeable by this Act or his executors or administrators of his goods and chattels his guardians Factors deputies lessees farmours and assignes and all other persons by whose hands or out of whose Lands any such [persons1] should have fee rent annuity or other profit or which at the time of the said Mir fining shall have goods or chattels or any other thing moveable of any such person or persons being indebted or owing such sum and the distresses so taken cause to be kept appraised and sold in like manner and forme as is aforesaid. for the distresse to be taken upon such persons to be taxed to the said Payments and being sufficient to distrein within the limits of the Collectors Inhabitants or other Officers charged with or for the said sums so

upon them to be taxed And if any such distresse for non payment happen to be taken out of the limit of the

aid persons charged and assigned to leavy the said sums as aforesaid the said persons so charged for the lea vying of any such sums by distresse shall perceive and take of the same distresse for the labour of every person going for the execution thereof for every mile that every person so laboureth for the same two pence And every farmour Guardian Tenant fa&our or other whatsoever person being distreined or other person charged for payment of any such sum or sums or any other sum by reason of this Act shall be of such sums of him or them so leavied and

taken discharged and acquitted at his next day of payment for the same or at the delivery of such goods and chattels

as he that is so distreined had in his custody or governance against him or them that shall be so taxed and aet ([any1] grant or writing obligatory or other whatsoever matter to the contrary n le heretofore notwithstanding) And if any such person that should be so distreined have no lands or tenements sufficient whereby he and his tenants and farmours may be distreined or have aliened [or4] eloyned his goods and chattels whereby he shoqld or might be distreined in such manner that such goods or chattels cannot be knowne or found so that the sum by him to be paid in the said forme shall not neither can be conveniently leavied then upon relacbn thereof to the Commissioners

Proceedmgethmon.

EVIII.

Assessor!,

Attornies, Factors, Bie.

after being charged with Receipt of Assessment, dying,

or removing or concealing their Goods or when Monies comprised in Estreat cannot be

levied by Distress}

or where Distress cannot be sold}

Collector, See. discharged, and Process out of the Exchequer, and the Commissioners may direct Precepts to Officer to levy such Money.

Who may distrain.

Distress kept, appraised and sold.

If Distress taken ont of Limits assigned,. Allowance.

Persons charged discharged by Distress.

Persons distrained having no Lands, *c.

16° Car. I. c. 32.

A.D. 1640.

Proceeding*.

Imprisonment until 8ums due, ind also Fee for Arrest,paid.

Officer not executing Process,

Penalty aos.

Gaoler suffering Escape,

Penalty 40s. and double Value of Rate and Fees.

Like Process for Subsidies due by any Persons charged for another unpaid.

In Default of Payment,

Imprisonment.

Certificate by Commissioners.

Collectors, &c.

disobeying

Commissioners,

and Persons suspeded to be not indifferently taxed, refusing to appear or be examined, or resisting, Arc.

Penalty 40s. or unaer, at Discretion of Commissioners. Commissioners may punish by Imprisonment.

XIX. Allowance to High Collectors and their Accountants.

Allowance to be paid by Collector* to Commissioners for Expences and Labour of their Clerks.

Remedy for the tame for Commissioners against Collectors.

or to as many of them as by the said Commission shall be thereunto appointed where such person or persons was taxed and set by the Oathes of him or them that shall be charged with the leavying and payment of that sum or Sums the same Commissioners shall make a precept in such manner as is aforesaid for to attach take and arrest the body of such person or persons that ought to pay the said sums and by this Act shall be charged with and for the said sum and sQms and them so taken safely to keepe in prison within the shire or other place where any such person or persons shall be taken and attached there to remaine without bail or mainprise undll he have paid the said sum or sums that such person for himselfe or for any other by this Act shall be chargeable or ought to be charged withall and alsoe for the Fees of every such arrest to him or them that shall execute such precept twende pence And that every Officer unto whom such precept shall be directed do his true diligence and execute the same upon every person so being indebted upon pain to forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every default in that behalfe twenty shillings And that no Keeper of any Goal from his Goal suffer any person to go at large by letting to bail or otherwise to depart out of his prison before he hath paid the said debt and the said twende pence for his arrest upon pain to forfeite to the Kings Majesde fourtie shillings And the said Gaoler to pay to the Kings Majesde the double value aswell of the rate which the said person so imprisoned was taxed at as of the said twenty pence for the fees and like Processe & remedy in like manner and forme shall be granted by the said Commissioners or as many of them as by the said Commission shall be thereunto appointed at like informaCfa of every person or persons being charged with any sum of money for any other person or persons by reason of the said payments and not thereof paid but-wilfully withdrawne nor the same [leavied1] within the limits where such persons were thereunto taxed And if the sum or sums being behind & unpaid by any person or persons as is aforesaid be leavied & gathered by force of the said processe to be made by the said Commissioners or if in default or for lack of payment thereof the person or persons so owing the said sum and sums of Money by processe of the (*) same Commissioners to be made as is aforesaid be committed to prison in form abovesaid that then the said Commissioners which shall award such processe shall make Certificate of that shall be done in the premisses after such sum or sums of money so being behind shall be leavied and gathered of such person or persons for non payment of the same committed to prison And if it happen any of the said Collectors to be assigned or any Maiors Sheriffs Stewards Constables Headboroughs Bursholders Bailiffes or any other Officer or Minister or other whatsoever person or persons to disobey the said Comissioners or any of them in the reasonable request to them made by the said Commissioners for the execution of the said Commission or if any of the Officers or other Persons doe refuse that to them shall appertain and belong to do by reason of any Precept to him or them to be directed or any reasonable commandment instance or request touching the premisses or other default in any appearance or collection to make or if any person being suspected not to be indifferently taxed as is aforesaid do refuse to be examined according to the tenour of this Act before the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto assigned as is aforesaid or will not appeare before the same Commissioners upon warning to him made or else make resistance or rescues upon any distresse upon him to be taken for any parcell of the said sums or payments or commit any misdemeanour in any manner of wise contrary to this Act or commit any wilfull omission or other whatsoever wilfull doeing or misdoing contrary to the tenour of this Act or Grant the same Commissioners and every number of them above remembred or three of them at the least upon certaine knowledge of any such misdemeanour had by information or examination shall uid may set upon every such offender for every such offence in the name of a fine by the same offender to be forfeited fourtie shillings or under by discretion of the same Commissioners And further the said Commissioners and every number of them or three of them at the least shall have authoride by this present Act to punish every such offender by imprisonment there to remaine and to be delivered by theire discretions as shall seeme to them convenient the said Fines (if any such bee) to be certified by the said Commissioners that so assessed the same into the Kings Majesties Exchequer to be leavied and paid by the Collectors of that part for the said payments returned into the said Exchequer to be therewith charged with the payment of the same in such manner as if the said Fines had beene set and taxed upon the said Offenders for the said payments

And be it alsoe enacted by the said authority of this present Parliament that every of the said high Collectors which shall accompt for any part of the said payments upon theire severall accompts to be yeelded shall be allowed upon payment of the money chargeable upon his collection for every pound limited to his Collection whereof any such collector shall be charged and yeeld accompt three pence [as1] parcell of theire charge (that is to say) of every pound thereof for such persons as then have had the particular collection of the towns and other places (as is aforesaid) specified in his collection one peny and one other peny of every pound thereof (every of the said cheife Collectors or theire accomptants to retaine to theire owne use for theire labour and charge in and about the premisses and one peny of every pound residue to be delivered allowed and paid by the said Collector so being thereof allowed to such of the Commissioners as shall take upon them the busines and labour for and about the premisses) that is to say Every Collector to pay that Commissioner or Commissioners which had the ordering of the writing of and for the said payments where the said Collector or Collectors had theire collection for the expences for the said Commissioners so taking upon them the said busines and labour of theire Clerks writing the said precepts and extracts of the said Collections the said last peny of every pound to be divided amongst the said Commissioners having regard to theire labour and busines taken by them and theire said Clerks in and about the premisses For which part so (4) the said Commissioners appertaining the said Commissioners six five foure or three or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Kings Majesties Commission and every of them joyntly and severally for his and theire said part may have his remedie against the Collector or Collectors which thereof beene or might have beene allowed by action of debt in which the defendant shall not wage his lawe neither

16° Car. I. c. 32.

165

protection neither

injunction neither essoin shall be allowed And the said Treasurers and Receivers appointed by this Act for the.said Four hundred thousand pounds and other sums or as many of them as shall mke upon them the bushes and labour in receiving and issuing out of the said moneys shall have one halfe peny in every pound so by thm received and issued out for theire paines in that bchalfe the same to be dedu&ed out of the [said'] sums so by them to be received as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted that no person now being a member of this present Parliament nor any Commissioner shall be named or assigned to be any Collector Subcolle&or or Presenter of the said Payments or any part thereof nor any Commissioner shall be compelled to make any presentment or certificate bther then into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer of for or concerning the said payments or any part or parcell thereof And likewise that no other person that shall be named and assigned to be Commissioners in any place to and for the execution of this Act for the raising of money be or shall be assigned or named Head Collector of either of the said payments neither of any part thereof And that every such person & persons which shall be nominated and appointed as is aforesaid to be Head Collectors of and for the payment of the said Four hundred thousand pounds and sum and sums of money payable by vertue of this Act or of any part thereof be and shall be acquitted and discharged of all manner of fees and rewards and of every other charge in the Kings Majesties Exchequer or elsewhere of them or any of them by reason of that collection payment or accompt or any thing concerning the same to be asked And that if any person receive or take any fees rewards or pleasures of any such accomptants or use any unnecessary delay in theire accompt that then he shall forfeite to the Kings Majesty for every peny or value of every peny so taken five shillings and five pounds to the party greived for every such delay and suffer imprisonment at the Kings Majesties pleasure And after every taxing and assessing of the [said1J sum and sums of money aforesaid had or made and the said extracts thereof in parchment unto the Collector in manner and forme before rehearsed delivered the said Commissioners which shall take upon them the execution of this Act within the limits of theire said Commission by theire Agreements shall have meetings togeather At which meetings every of the said Commissioners which then shall have taken upon them the execution of any part of the said Commission shall by himselfe or his sufficient deputy truly certifie and bring forth unto the said Commissioners named in the said Commission the certificate and presentment made before him and such other Commissioners as were limited with him in one limit (so as the same certificate may be accompted & cast with the other certificates of the other limits within the same Commission) and then the said Commissioners and every number of them unto three at the least as is aforesaid if any be in life or theire executors or administrators of theire goods if they then be dead shall joyntly and severally as they were divided within their limits under their Seales by theire discretions make one or several] writings indented containing in it aswell the names of the said Collectors by the Commissioners for such collections and accompts in the Exchequer and payments assigned as the grosse and severall sums written unto every such Collectors to receive the said payments and also all fines amerciaments and other forfeitures if any such be by reason of this Act as shall happen [to be*] within the limit and £*cinCt of theire Commission to be certified into the Kings Majesties Exchequer by the said Commissioners in which writing or writings indented so to be certified shall be plainly declared and expressed the whole and entire sum and sums of the said payments severally limited to the collection of the said Collectors severally deputed and assigned to the said Sums so as none of the said Collectors so certified in the said Exchequer shall be compelled there to accompt or be charged but only to and for the sums limited to his Collection and not to or for any sum limited to the collection of his fellowes but every of them shall be severally charged for theire part limited to theire collection And if the said Commissioners joyned in any one Commission amongst themselves in that matter cannot agree or if any of them be not ready or refuse to make certificate with the other of the same Commissioners that then the said Commissioners may make severall Indentures in form aforesaid of theire severall limits or separations of Collectors within the limits of theire Commission upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or other such like divisions within the said severall limits of theire Commission as the places there shall require to be severed and divided and as to the same Commissioners shall seeme good to make divisions or other limits or collections for the severall charges of the same Collectors so that alway one Collector shall be charged and accompt for his part to him to be limited onely by himselfe and not for any Sum limited to the part of any of his fellowes and the charges of every of the Collectors to be set and certified severally upon them and every such Collector upon his accompt and payment of the sum of Money limited within his collection to be severally by himselfe acquitted and discharged in the said Exchequer without paying any manner of fees or rewards to any person or persons for the same upon pain and penaltie last abovesaid and not to be charged with or for any portion of any other Collectors And if any Commissioner after he hath taken certificate of them that as is aforesaid shall before any Commissioners examined and the sums rated and set and the bookes and writings thereof bring in his hands or if any collector or other person charged with any receipt of any part of the said Four hundred thousand pounds or other sOm or sfims of money payable by this Act or any other person taxed or otherwise by this Act charged with or for any parcell of the said sum of Four hundred thousand pounds or other sum or sums of money payable by this Act or with any other sum fine amerciament penaltie or other forfeiture happen to die before the Commissioners Collectors or other whatsoever person or persons have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that which to every such person shall appertain or belong to do according to this Act then the executors administrators and heires of every such person and all other seised of any lands or tenements that any such person being charged by this Act and deceasing before he be discharged thereof or any other to his use onely had of an estate of inheritance at the time that any such person was named Commissioner Collector or otherwise charged with or for any manner of thing to

XX.

No Member of Parliament or Commissioner to be named Collectors. Commissioners not compellable to make Presentment! other than to Exchequer.

Peraoos assigned to be Commissioners not to be named Head Collectorv.

Head Collectora acquitted of Feel. Taking Feel of Accountant! j Penalty.

Imprisonment.

Commissioner! at Meetings to shew Certificates and Presentments to the other Commissioners.

Indenture of Collectors' Names, and of Sums written to Coile&ors,

Fines, Ac. to be certified by Commissioners into the Exchequer.

Collectors answerable for their own Collect km only.

Commissioners, if they cannot agree, kc. may make several Indentures.

Collectors answerable for their

own Collection only

and upon Payment to be discharged in the Exchequer without Fee. Penalty.

Commissioners or Collectors or Persons taxed dying before discharged. Heirs and Executors chargeable as such Persons would have been if alive.

Uu

166

16° Car. I. c. 92.

A.D. 1640.

And Persons haring in their Custody Real or Personal Estates of Persons dead to answer as if such Persons were living.

Commissioners not thinking fit to join in one Certificate, Proceedings.

Commissioners making Default of Certificate, Process out of Exchequer against them.

XXI. Proviso for Stamford Baron.

XXII. Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

XXIII. Patents of Liberties, &c. to Cities, &c.to be good, although charged by this

Act.

XXIV. Proviso for Orohans and Innuits.

XXV.

Alien or Denizen assigning his Lands, &c. to his Child, with Intent to defraud the Subsidy, such Child chargeable as an Alien.

be done satisfied or paid by reason of this Act And all those that have in theire possession or hands any goods chattels leases or other things that were to any such person or persons at the time of his death or any lands or tenements that were the same persons at the time that he was as [is'] aforesaid charged by this Act shall be by the same compelled and charged to do and accomplish in every case as the same person so being charged should have done or ought have been compelled to do if he had beene in plene life after such rate of the Lands and Ooods of the said Commissioner and Collector as the partie shall have in his hands And if the said Commissioners for causes reasonable then moving shall thinke it not fit to joyn in one certificate as is aforesaid then the said person or persons that shall first joyne togeather or he that shall first certifie the said writing indented as is aforesaid shall certifie all the names of the Commissioners of that Commission whereupon such writing shall be there then to be certified with the divisions of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tithings and other places to and [among *] other such Commissioners of the same Commission with the names of the said Commissioners where such eparations and divisions shall be with the grosse sums of money as well of and for the said sums of money taxed or set of or within the said Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other places to him or them divided or assigned that shall so certifie the said first writing as of the fines amerciaments penalties and other forfeitures if any happen to be within the same limits whereof the same writing shall be certified And after such writings indented which as is aforesaid shall be certified and not contain in it the whole sums set and taxed within the limits of the same Comission the other Commissioners of the same before the day of payment of the said sum or sums of money shall certifie into the said Exchequer by their writing or writings indented to be made as is aforesaid the grosse and severall sums set and taxed within the places to them limited for every of the said payments and other fines amerciaments penalties & forfeitures with the names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other places to them assigned or else by theire said Writings indented to certifie at the same place before the same day of payment such reasonable causes for theire excuses why they may not make such certificate of and for the said sums of money fines amerciaments and other forfeitures growing or set by reason of the causes of theire lets or of theire not certifying as is aforesaid or else in default thereof processe to be made out of the Kings Majesties said Exchequer against the said Commissioners and every of them not making Certificate as is aforesaid by the discretion of the Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequer.

Provided alwaies And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that the Inhabitants of the parish of Saint Martin called Stamford Baron in the suburbs of the Town and Borough of Stamford in the south part of the Waters there called Wellands which hereafter shall be contributary towards the said payments shall be assessed rated and taxed for the same by such commissioners which shall be appointed as aforesaid for the taxing rating and assessing the same payments within the County of Lincoln and shall be for the same contributary and pay to the Collector or Collectors which shall be assigned and appointed for the leavying and gathering of the same as aforesaid

Provided alwaies That this Act or any thing therein contained in any wise extend not to charge the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey and Gamesey or any of them of for or concerning any Mannors Lands Tenements or other possessions goods chattels or other moveable substance which the said Inhabitants or Dwellers or any others to theire use have within Scotland Ireland Jersey and Gamesey or in any of them for or concerning any fees or wages which any of the said inhabitants and dwellers have of the Kings Majestie for theire attendance and doing service to our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie in Scotland Ireland Jersey & Gamesey or any of them Any thing in this present Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alsoe That all Letters Patents granted by the Kings Majestie or any of his noble Progenitors to any Cities Boroughs or Towns within this Realm of any manner of Liberties Privitedges or Exemptions from the burthen and charge of any Act or grant of subsidies which be at this present time in force and available shall remaine good and effectuall to the said Cities Boroughs & Towns hereafter according to the purports thereof although the Inhabitants of the same and alsoe the said Corporations shall upon the great and weighty considerations of the Grant aforesaid be by this Act charged and contributarie in like manner form and sort as other Cities Boroughs and Towns which be not in any wise priviledged but by this Act charged.

Provided alwaies And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid that no [Orphane3] or Infant within the age of one and twenty yeares borne within any the Kings Majesties Dominions shall be charged to the payment of any moneys by vertue of this Act for his or theire goods or chattels to him or her left or bequeathed Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Alien or Stranger born Denizen or not Denizen and dwelling and inhabiting within this Realm of England shall assigne and convey over unto any his or theire childe or children borne within the said Realm of England his or their Lands Tenements Goods or Chattels to the intent thereby to defraud or safeguard themselves of or from the payment of the sums of money aforesaid or any part thereof that then all and every such childe or children soe being seized of any such lands and tenements or possessed of any such goods or chattels shall be charged and chargeable to and with the payment of double the said sums of money for the lands tenements goods and chattels at the said rates and values as Aliens and Strangers denizens or not denizens are before limited and appointed to pay

A.D. 1610.

16® Cab. I. c. 32.

167

XXVII.

The Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Chamberlain of London to repay out of the said j&foo.oooo. Monies lent or engaged to be paid by the Public Faith, with Intereit'at j£8. per Cent, per Ann. in such Manner as the Commissioners herein named shall, under their Hands, appoint.

Provided alwaies That the said Grant of and for the sum or sums of money aforesaid or any clause matter or ^XXVI. dung whatsoever herein contained shall not iu any wise extend or be Construed to extend to charge the Town or Berwick-upoo-Borough of Berwicke upon Tweed or any the Inhabitants or ResiantB thereof with any the payments herein before Tweed, mentioned for any theire Lands Goods or Chattels within the said Town or Borough but that the said Town or Borough of Barwick upon Tweed and alsoe all and every the Resiants and Inhabitants of and within the same be and shall be of and from the said grant and payments and every part thereof cleerly acquitted and discharged for any theire said Lands Goods and Chattels as aforesaid Any matter or thing whatsoever in this present Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the authority of this present Parliament That the said Sir Richard Gurney Knight and Baronet Lord Maior of the Cide of London Sir John Cordall Sir Thomas Soame Sir John Gayer Sir Jacob Garret Alderman Atkins Alderman Pennington Sir John Wollaston Alderman Adams Alderman Warner Master Samuel Vassell Master John Venn the Chamberlain of the City of London for the time being and other persons by this present Act of Parliament constituted and ordained to be Treasurers and Receivers of the said Four hundred thousand pounds and other sum and sums of money payable by this Act the Survivors and survivor of them respectively shall and may satisfie pay and deliver out of the said Four hundred thousand pounds and other sum and sums aforesaid unto all and every County Place person or persons who have lent or advanced or to whom any moneys are or shall be due arreare or owing and for the payment whereof both Houses of Parliament or the House of Commons onely is are or shall be engaged by any Ad or Order of publique faith all and every such sum and sums of money which shall be soe due arreare or unpaid so far as the said Four hundred thousand pounds and other sum and sums granted by this Act shall extend to togeather with such other and further sum and sums of money as the damages of and for the said sums so lent or advanced due arreare or owing shall amount unto after the rate of eight pounds per centum for a yeare from the day and time that the same was bid out and advanced or did or shall become due and payable untill they shall respectively have received the said «ims so disbursed due or payable in such manner & forme as William Earle of Bedford William Marquesse of Hertford Robert Earle of Essex'-William Earle of Salisbury Robert Earle of Warwick Henry Earle of Holland Thomas Earle of Berkshire Henry Earle of Stamford Francis Lord Dacres Philip Lord Wharton William Lord Pagett Robert Lord Brooke Edward Mountague Lord of Kimbolton John Lord Pawlet Edward Lord Howard of Escrick Francis Leigh Lord Dunsmore or any four or more of them Denzill Hollis Esquire John Pym Esquire Sir Christopher Wray Knight Sir John Hotham Baronet Thomas Lord Wenman Sir Christopher Yelverton Knight William Cage Esquire Henry Martin Esquire Sir Dudley North Knight Sir Thomas [Bower1] Baronet Sir Edward Aiscough Knight Sir John Culpeper Knight Chancellor of his Majesties Court of Exchequer Sir Robert Crane Knight and Baronet John Hampden Esquire Sir Edmund Munford Sir Walter Earle Sir Arthur Ingram Knights Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronet Sir Guy Palmes Knight Sir Samuel Owfield Knight Sir Henry Vane junior Knight Sir Hugh Cholmeley Knight Harbottell Grimston Esquire Sir Philip Stapleton Knight Sir Edward Hales Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Widdrington Knight Thomas Lord Gray Sir Norton Knatchbull Knight and Baronet Edmund Waller Esquire Henry Lord Gray of Ruthyn or any eight or more of them and so proportionably in such manner and quality by any one or more writing or writings under thdfce hands during this Parliament shall limit appoint and declare And that the Warrant [and1] Warrants of the said Commissioners before named for the issuing out of the said moneys or of such number of them as before is expressed proportionably togeather with the Acquittance and Acquittances from the person or persons which shall be appointed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners or of such number of them proportionably as before is expressed for receipt of the said sum or sums of money according to this Alt shall be a sufficient discharge to the Treasurers in this Alt named for so much money as shall be comprehended in such acquittance or acquittances for the issuing out and payment of the said sum or sums of money respectively

Warrant of the said Commissioners to be a Discharge to the Treasurers.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said Treasurers shall not at all pay any sum or sums of money to be by them received upon any other direltion warrant or command whatsoever

Provided alwaies And be it enacted and declared that all and every Collector or Collectors of the severall Counties of Yorke Cumberland Westmerland Northumberland the County Palatine of Durham the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne the Citie of Durham Nottingham the County and Town of Nottingham the County Palatine of Chester the County of the City of Chester the County Palatine of Lancaster Lincolneshire the County and City of Lincolne Darbyshire Staffordshire the County of the City of Lhchfeild the City of Yorke and County of the same and the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull shall pay all and every the sum and sums of money by him or them collected or received by vertue of this Act to the Lord Maior of the City of Yorke for the time being and to Thomas Hodshon Henry Tompson and William Scott Aldermen of the said Citie at the Chamber in the said Ciy of Yorke for and towards the payment of Billet money due and owing to the severall Inhabitants of Yorkeshire and the Counties adjacent for the billetting of his Majesties late Army as also for and towards the payment of such moneys as are due and owing by the Parliament to the Counties of Durham and Northumberland and the City of Durham and Town of Newcastle upon Tyne Any thing in this psent Act to the contrary in any notwithstanding

XXVIII. Treasurers not to pay any Money upon any other Warrant.

XXIX.

The Collectors for Yorkshire and other Places herein maned to par their CoUeoions to the Lord Mayor and certain Aldermen of York at the Chamber of York, towards Payment ' of Billet Money due to the Inhabitants, and of Money due from Parliament to the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, City of Durham, and Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

Bowyer 0.

•or 0.

16° Car. I. c. 33.

A.D. 1640.

Rot. Pori. 16 Ccr. p.$. mm. 6.

Reuons for patting

thitAa.

Many MQliont of Acre* of Land of the Rebelt to be confitcate.

Two Millions and a Half of tuch Acret allotted to the Adventurers.

Rent reserved to the Crown.

Commissions for ereaing of Manors, &c.

Undertakers to subscribe within limited Times.

Sums underwritten to be paid in Four Payments.

A Twentieth Part to be paid down.

II.

Forfeitures of all Persons in Rebellion, after the 23d Qa. 1641.

CHAPTER XXXm.

An Act for the speedy and effectuall reducing of the Rebells in his Majesties Kingdome of Ireland to theiie due

obedience to his Majesty & the Crowne of England

TX WHEREAS the Lords and Commons taking into theire serious considerations as well the necessity of a speedy V V reducing of the Rebells of Ireland to theire due obedience as alsoe the great sums of Money that the Commons of this Realme have of late paid for the publique and necessary affaires of this Kingdome whereof the Lords and Commons are very sensible and desirous to imbrace all good and honourable wayes tending to his Majesties greatnesse and profit the setling of that Realme and the ease of his Majesties Subjects of England And whereas diverse worthy and well affected persons perceiving that many millions of Acres of the Rebells Lands of that Kingdome which go under the name of profitable Lands will be confiscate and to be disposed of And that in case two millions and [an*] halfe of those Acres to be equally taken out of the four Provinces of that Kingdome may be allotted for the satisfaction of such persons as shall disburse any sums of money for the reducing of the Rebells there would effectually accomplish the same have made these Propositions ensuing (viz.)

1. That two millions and an halfe of those Acres may be assigned allotted and divided amongst them after this proportion (viz) For each Adventure of two hundred pounds one thousand Acres in Ulster. For three hundred pounds one thousand Acres in Conaght. For foure hundred and fifty pounds one thousand Acres in Munster For six hundred pounds one thousand Acres in Leinster All according to the English measure and consisting of Meadowe Arable and profitable Pasture the Bogs Woods and barren Mountains being cast in over and above these two millions and a halfe of Acres to be holden in free and common Soccage of the King as of his Castle of Dublin.

2. That out of these two millions and a halfe of Acres a constant yearely Rent shall be reserved to the Crowne of England after this proportion (viz) out of each Acre thereof in Ulster one peny Out of each Acre in Conaght three halfe pence Out of each Acre in Munster two pence farthing And out of each Acre in Leinster three pence whereby His Majesties [Revenues1] out of those Lands will be much improved besides the advantages that He will have by the coming to His hands of all other the Lands of the Rebells and theire personall Estates without any charge [unto1] his Majestie.

3. That for the erecting of Mannors setling of Wasts and Commons maintaining of preaching Ministers creating of Corporations and Regulating of the severall Plantations one or more Commissions be hereafter graunted by Authority of Parliament

4. That Moneys for this great occasion may bee the more speedily advanced All the Undertakers in the Citie of London and within twentie miles distant thereof shall underwrite theire severall sums before the twentieth day of March one thousand six hundred sortie one and all within sixtie miles of London before the first day of Aprill one thousand six hundred fourtie two and the rest of the Kingdome before the first day of May one thousand six hundred fourtie two.

5. That the severall sums to be underwritten shall be paid in at four payments (viz) One fourth part within ten dayes after such underwriting and the other three parts at three Moneths (4) and three Monthes all to be paid into the Chamber of London.

6. That for the better securing of the said severall sums accordingly every one that doth soe underwrite shall at the time of his Subscription pay down the twentieth part of the totall sum that shall be by him then underwritten And in case that the residue of his first fourth part be not paid in to such person or persons as shall be appointed to receive the same within the ten dayes before limited then such party shall not onely forfeit the twentieth part of the sum totall formerly deposited but so much more of his first fourth payment to be added thereunto as shall make up the one moyetie of the said first payment And if the same person shall fade .[in1 ] any other of the three payments he shall [then1] forfeit his entire first fourth part and all the benefit of his Subscription which forfeiture shall accrue to the common benefit of the rest of the Underwriters.

And whereas aswell our Soveraigne Lord the King as the Lords and Commons have approved of the said Propositions and assented that the said Proposicbns and all other things necessarily conducing thereunto shall be ratified and confirmed by Authoritie of Parliament. Be it therefore Enacted by our Soveraigne Lord the King with the assent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That all and every of the said Propositions and every clause therein contained are and shall be according to the tenour and purport thereof hereby ratified established and confirmed with such explanations alterations and additions as in this Act are exprest

And be it further enacted That all and every person and persons which upon the three and twentieth day of October in the yeare One thousand six hundred fourtie one or at any time after shall be in Rebellion or levie War against the Kings Majestie within his Realme of Ireland or shall willingly aid assist or countenance any person or persons in Rebellion against the Kings Majestie shall lose and forfeit unto the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors all such right title interest use and possession which they [are5] any of them or any other person or persons in trust for them or any of them on the said three and twentieth day of October or at any time after shall have of in or unto any Honours Castles Mannors Messuages Lands Tenements Rents Annuities Reversions Remainders Uses Possessions Offices Rights Conditions or any other Hereditaments of what name nature or qualitie

16° Car. I. c. 33.

169

soever they be and that all such right title interest use and possession which they or any of them or any other person or persons in trust for them or any of them on the said three and twentieth day of October or at any time after shall have or of right ought to have of in or to the same Honours Castles Mannors Messuages Lands Tenements Rents Annuities Reversions Remainders Uses Possessions Offices Rights Conditions or any other Hereditaments shall by the Authorise aforesaid bee deemed vested adjudged and taken to be in the a&uall and real! possession of Our Soveraigne Lord the King His Heires and Successors without any Office or Inquisition thereof hereafter to be found

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That two Millions and a halfe of Acres of Meadowe Arable Land and profitable Pasture which are or shall be forfeited by the said Rebells or otherwise by vertue of this Act with Woods Boggs Loughs and barren Mountaines cast in over and above and with all the Buildings & Edifices thereupon are and shall be by vertue of this Act for the satisfaction of such person and persons as shall underwrite any sum or sums of Money and pay the same according to the true intent and meaning of this present Act the same to be allotted & apportioned to each Underwriter according to the proportion of the sums to be underwritten and paid in and to be holden by such Rent and Tenure as in the said recited Propositions are expressed

And be it further enacted That John Warner John Towse and Thomas Andrewes Aldermen and Lawrence Halsted Esquire are and shalbe hereby appointed and authorised to give theire daily attendance at the said Chamber of London to receive all such Subscriptions and sums of Money and to give Receipts for the same under theire hands as shall be there tendred and paid according to this Act which said persons so appointed to receive the said sums of Money shall enter the names of the Underwriters togeather with the sum and time of Subscription into one or more Bookes to be kept for that purpose and shall from time to time issue out the said sums of Money in such manner as both Houses of Parliament shall by Order direct.

And be it further enacted That the Sheriffes of each Countie of England and Dominion of Wales shall receive all such Subscriptions and sums of Money as shall be by vertue of this Act tendred to them in theire respective Counties and shall appoint dayes and places for that Purpose and shall give Receipts for the sums soe received under theire hands and return the sums subscribed and received togeather with the Names of the Underwriters and the times of theire Subscriptions to the Chamber of London to the hands of the said John Warner John Towse Thomas Andrewes and Lawrence Halsted or to any two of them with all convenient speed to be by kthem entred into Bookes to [be*] kept for that purpose And they the said John Warner John Towse Thomas Andrewes and Lawrence Halsted or any two of them are hereby likewise authorized and required to give Acquittances or Receipts for all sums received of the said Sheriffs And that the said John Warner John Towse Thomas Andrewes and Lawrence Halsted and the said Sheriffes theire Officers and Ministers theire Heires and Executors shall accompt for all sums of Money by them received according to this present Act to such persons as both Houses of Parliament shall direct

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said John Warner John Towse Thomas Andrewes and Lawrence Halsted and the said Sheriffes respectively to dedu& and retain to theire owne use one peny out of every pound of all such sums of money as they shall receive according to this Act towards theire charges and pains in attending and receiving the said Subscriptions and sums of money and in issuing out and returning up the same.

And be it further Enacted That when the Lords and Commons of this Realme of England shall in Parliament by Order declare that the said Rebells are subdued and that this present Rebellion in the said Kingdome of Ireland is appeased and ended that forthwith after such Declaration made and sent to the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper is hereby authorised and required to issue forth Commissions into all the said four Provinces of that Kingdome of Ireland for the surveying and setting forth of the said two Millions and halfe of Acres which Commission shall be to such effect and directed to such persons as the said Lords and Commons in Parliament shall appoint Which said Commissioners shall have power by this Act to survey all the Lands of the said Rebells and all the Lands forfeited by vertue of this Act and to ascertain and measure forth of the same six hundred and five and twentie thousand Acres in every of the said foure Provinces of Meadowe Arable and profitable Pasture with Woods Bogs Loughes and barren Mountaines cast in over and above with the Houses and Edifices thereupon and after the same measured and set forth shall indifferently divide the same by Lot among the severall Underwriters and among the Heires of such Underwriters as shall die before the division and the assignee and assignees of such of the Underwriters as shall assigne theire shares or any part thereof before the said Division according to the proportions mentioned in the said incited Propositions and according to the respective sums paid in as aforesaid and according to the purport of this present Act which Division shall be made in such manner as the said Lords and Commons in Parliament shall by Order direct in which Division no manner of favour or advantage shall be given or allowed to any person whatsoever but all to be done and determined equally and by Lot and each Underwriters Land to be laid togeather or so neere togeather as conveniendy may be And in case six hundred twenty five thousand Acres of the Rebells profitable Lands and of the profitable Lands forfeited by vertue of this Act shall not be found in each province then so much of the said six hundred twentie five thousand Acres as shall be wanting in any f one1 ] Province shall be made up in value out of the said Rebells Lands and for want thereof out of the

adjudged to be to the »ctual possession of the Crown.

III.

The said Two Millions and a Half of Acres of Land forfeited shall be allotted for Satisfaction of Money subscribed.

IV.

Persons nominated to receive Subscriptions in the Chamber of London.

V.

Sheriffs to receive Subscriptions in their several Counties, and return the same with Names, &c. to the Chamber of London.

Account thereof to Parliament.

VI. Allowance to the Receivers.

VII.

Upon Declaration by the Lords and Commons that the Rebels are subdued.

Commissions to issue for the surveying the Lands forfeited, and setting forth the same.

Division to be made by Order of the Lords and Commons, and to be done by Lot.

X x

16° Car. I. c. 33.

A.D.\6\Q.

Commissioners to return Allotments ifito Chancery.

VIII.

The Persons adjudged to be in Possession after their Lots drawn.

IX.

Power after Allotment to create Manors, and hold Courts.

X.

The Money paid to be employed for reducing the Rebels only.

Overplus how disposed of.

XI. Plantations regulated. Churches, &c. to be erected.

XII. Lord Chancellor to issue out Commissions.

XIII. Patents granted of Rebels' Lands, &c. without Consent of Lords and Commons, roid, and all Pardons.

XIV. Proclamations to be made concerning Claims.

XV.

Endeavouring to introduce the Authority of the See of Rome into Ireland.

profitable Lands forfeited by this Act in the other Provinces at the discretion of the said Commissioners reaped being had to the value of the Lands in each Province according to the said Propositions which said Commissioners shall returae the said allotments and all theire proceedings therein Purely ingrost in Parchment into his Majesties Court of Chancery of this Kingdome there to remaine of Record and into his Majesties Court of Chancery of the [said *] Kingdome of Ireland to remaine there likewise of Record

And be it further enacted that immediately after every Underwriter Heire or Assignee of any Underwriter shall have drawne his respective Lot containing the Meadow Arable and profitable Pasture with all the Woods Bogs Loughs and barren Mountaines over and above togeather with the Houses and Edifices thereupon which shall be appointed for his share such Underwriter Heir and Assignee shall be and so shalbe adjudged to be by vertue of this Act in the actuall possession and seisin of all the said Lands with all things thereunto belonging mentioned in his said Lot and that he shall and may forthwith after his Lot so drawn as aforesaid enter upon have and enjoye to him and his heires all and singuler the Meadowe Arable profitable Pasture Woods Bogs Loughs Waters Fishings and barren Mountaines togeather with the Houses and Edifices thereupon and in his said Lot contained with all Easements and Comodities thereunto belonging.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons which within three* monthes after the allotment so to be made as aforesaid shall have one thousand Acres or more of the said two Millions & haIfe of Acres lying togeather in the Province of Leinster or two thousand Acres or more lying togeather in the Province of Conaght or one thousand five hundred Acres or more lying togeather in the Province of Munster or three thousand Acres or more lying togeather in the Province of Ulster shall have power by vertue of this Act for every such thousand twoe thousand fifteene hundred and three thousand Acres to create a Manner within the limits of the said Lands respectively and to reserve tenures to hold of himselfe and his heires as of his said Mannor or Mannors at his will and pleasure And that every such person shall have a Court Leet and Court Baron and shall have foil power to hold a Court Leete and Court Baron within the Prednfts of every such Mannor and to enjoye all such Royalties Franchises Fines and Amerciaments Suites Services and Immunities as to view of Franke pledge or Court Baron is usuall & belonging And alsoe within each respective Mannors to have and enjoye as aforesaid all [Deodans*] Felons goods and goods of Felons of themselves togeather with all Wayfes and Strayes

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no part of the money which shall be paid in according to this Act shall be imployed to any other purpose then the reducing of the said Rebels untill the said Rebels shall be declared to be subdued by the said Lords and Commons as aforesaid And that the said moneys shall be imployed for the speedie and effectuall subduing of the said Rebells by sending over into the said Realm of Ireland and disposing there such Forces of Foot and Horse Monies Ammunition Victuall and all other things necessary to a Warre in such manner as the said Lords and Commons in Parliament shall from time to time direct and the overplus of the said money if any shall be to be disposed as the said Lords and Commons shall likewise direct

And be it likewise Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That Plantations shall be regulated Corporations created Churches erected and Preaching Ministers maintained within the Limits and pdnfts of the Lands so to be divided in such manner as by Commissioners to be nominated and directed by the said Lords and Commons in Parliament shall be ordered and provided

And it is further Enacted That the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the great Seale of England for the time being shall upon direction to him given by the said Lords and Commons in Parliament issue out one or more Commissions for this purpose directed to such persons and in such manner as the said Lords and Commons in Parliament shall order and appoint

And for the further encouraging and securing of all such persons as shall pay any sum of money towards the perfecting of this great Worke Be it likewise Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Patents which shall be granted of any of the said Rebels Goods or Lands or of any Goods or Lands forfeited by vertue of this Act and all Pardons which shall be granted to any of the said Rebells before attainder after the three and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred sortie and one (without the assent of the said Lords and Commons in Parliament) shall be adjudged void and of none effect

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Commissioners authorised by this Act to set forth the Underwriters Lands as aforesaid shall fourtie dayes before they set forth the same or any part thereof cause Proclamations to be made by vertue of this Act in every Countie of the said Kingdome of Ireland to this effect (viz) That every person which had any right title or interest the three and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred fourtie one in or out of [any of'] the said Rebels Lands or [the1] Lands forfeited by this Act lying within the Countie where any such Proclamaftta shall be made shall enter his claim to the same upon record in His Majesties Court of Chancery in the said Kingdome of Ireland within twenty dayes after the said Proclamation so made in the said County

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every person which after the first, day of March one thousand six hundred and fourty shall make enter into or take any Compact Bond Covenant Oath Promise or -Agreement to introduce or bring into the said Realm of Ireland the authority of the Sea (J) Rome in any case whatsoever or to maintain or defend the same shall by vertue of this Act forfeit to his Majestic his Heires and Successors all his

A.D. 1640.

16° Car. I. c. 33.

171

ImA* Tenements k Hereditaments entailed or not entailed Goods k Chattels which he had or shall have in his owne name or any ocher person or persons had or shall have in trust for him at the time of the making entring into or taking any such Compact Bond Covenant Oath Promise or Agreement other then such Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods and Chattels as shall be bona fide and for valuable considera£6ns sold before the said three and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred fourde one

And further be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person since the three and twentieth day of October One thousand six hundred fourty one be or hereafter shall be in Rebellion within the said Kingdome of Ireland and be dead or shall die before attaindor or pardon for the same All the Lands Tenements and Hereditaments Estate or Estates Goods or Chattels which such person had or shall have or any other person had or shall have in trust for or to his use the said three and twentieth of October or at any time thereafter shall be by vertue of this Act forfeited to his Majesde His Heires and Successors and shall be adjudged to be in the aduall seisin and possession of the King His Heires and Successors by vertue of this Act

Forfeiture of Lands and Goods.

XVI.

Such Rebels as be dead. &c.

Lands and Goods forfeited.

And further be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Lands Tenements and Hereditaments whereof any person in the said Kingdome of Ireland was seised the three and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred fourtie _

one or att any time after shall be seised of any Estate tail or whereof any other person or persons shall be seised in SusaJual

trust for him for any trust of inheritance who shall be attainted of High Treason in his life time or being in aduall Rebellion shall die before he be attainted or pardoned for the same or who shall make enter into or take any such Compact Bond Covenant Oath Promise or Agreement to such [person'] as aforesaid shall by vertue of this Act be and adjudged to be in the aduall seisin and possession of the King His Heires and Successors

XVII.

All Forfeitures from the 33d 0€L to

ual

Seisin of the Crown.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons whatsoever that at any time hereafter shall be attainted for Treason or shall die in aduall Rebellion before attaindor or pardon of the same or hath or shall take enter into or make any such Compact Bond Covenant Oath Promise or Agreement as aforesaid shall after th^ first day of March one thousand six hundred and fourtie make or hath made any Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever of any Mannors Lands Tenements or Hereditaments in the Kingdome of Ireland unto or for his owne use or unto or for the use of his wife or any of his children or in trust for himselfe his wife or any of his children That then all the Uses Estates k Trusts so limited other then such as are or shall bona fide be made before his her or theire marriage or made in performance of any Covenant in writing made before marriage unto or for the use of his wife or children shall be forfeited unto His Majestie His Heires and Successors and shall be adjudged to be by vertue of this Act in the aduall possession of the King His Heires and Successors

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid in regard a great part of the time p*fixed in the said Propositions for the Subscriptions of the said Underwriters is already elapsed that every one of the Kings Subjects of the Realms of England Scotland or Ireland that shall underwrite within this Kingdome the sum of ten pounds or more for the purpose aforesaid before the first day of May one thousand six hundred fourty two and before the said million of money be underwritten and shall pay in one moiety thereof to the respective Receivers before nominated in this Act at the time of such Subscription and shall pay in the other moiety residue thereof to the said Receivers within six moneths after such Subscription and every one of the Kings Subjects of the Realmes of England Scotland and Ireland that shall underwrite the sum of six pounds or more within the Realm of Ireland for the purpose aforesaid (in one or more Books to be kept for that purpose by the Treasurer of the Army there for the time being) who is authorized and required * hereby to keepe such Booke or Books and to enter the names of such Underwriters and the time of such Subscriptions togeather with the sums subscribed before the first day of July one thousand six hundred fourty two and before the said million of money shall be underwritten and shall at the time of such Subscription pay one moietie of such sum so to be underwritten to the said Treasurer for the time being (who is hereby likewise authorised to receive all such sums of money and give Receipts for the same under his hand) and shall pay to the said Treasurer the other moietie residue within six moneths after such Subscription every person so underwriting in this Realme or in the Realm of Ireland as aforesaid shall have a proportionable share of the said Rebels Lands and of other Lands to be forfeited by this Act according to the sum to be underwritten and paid in as aforesaid and as if such person had underwritten within the times mentioned in the said Propositions and had paid in his money accordingly

And for the better advancing of a speedie Plantation within that Kingdome which will soone redound to the great increase of his Majesties Customes and Revenues there Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every person which shall have any part of the said Lands so to be divided and allotted as aforesaid shall and may export out of this Kingdome or Dominion of Wales any Horses Mares Cattell Sheep or other goods for the planting improving and stocking of the said Lands or any part thereof at any time during the space of two yeares to be accounted from such division and allotment to be made (as aforesaid) without paying any Custome Subsidy or Impost for the same Neverthelesse upon sufficient securitie given to the Farmers or Collectors ‘ of His Majesties Customes for the time being or to any one of them that the said Horses Mares Cattell Sheepe and goods so to be exported shall be bona fide imployed for the planting improving and stocking of the said Lands or of some part thereof and not to be imployed to any other purpose Saving to all and singular persons bodies Politique and Corporate theire Heires and Successors and the Heires and Successors of every of them (other then the said Rebels theire Aiders Abettors Comforters and Main tamers and other persons whose Lands are or shall be forfeited by this Act and every of them theire and every of theire Heires and Assignes and all and every person or persons clayming

XVIII. Certain Conveyances, &c. made after 1 st March 1640 by Rebels $ the Uses, Sec. to ba adjudged in the actual Possession of the Crown.

XIX.

The Time for Subscriptions; enlarged.

Subscriptions of 36*10. and upwards.

bscripl s£6. and upwards.

XX. Encouragement for a speedy Plantation.

Cattle may be exported for that Purpose for a Years Duty free.

General Saving.

* purpose O.

172

16° Car. I. c. 33, 34.

A.D. 1640.

by from or under them or any of them or to theire or any of theire use or uses or in trust for them or any of them since the said three and twentieth day of October) all such Right Title Interest Possession Reversion Remainder Offices Annuities Rents and Commons which they or any of them had or ought to have had in to or out of any the said Houses Mannors Castles Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Premisses forfeited by this Act or any of them the three and twentieth day of October in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sortie one so as every such person or persons bodies Politique or Corporate whose right or interest is saved by this Act theire Heires or Successors doe make or enter or cause to be entred his or theire claim to any such right title or interest in his Majesties Court of Chancerie in Ireland within twentie dayes after such Proclamation made as aforesaid.

Rot, Pari. 16 Car. P- 3* *•' 7*

<?. 33. ante.

Time for Subscriptions by Persons residing within 60 miles of London.

Persons inhabiting 60 Miles or more distant from London.

II.

Persons of the Dutch Nation, being Protestants, &c. admitted to Underwriting.

The Monies to be paid at the Chamber of the City of London.

CHAPTER XXXIV.

An Act for adding unto & explaining of certain Clauses in another Act made this Parliament Intituled An Act for the speedy & effectuall reducing of the Rebels in his Majesties Kingdome of Ireland to theire due obedience to his Majestie and the Crowne of England.

WHEREAS the said Act could not be so timely passed and published that his Majesties Subjects in and about the City of London might conveniently take norice of the dayes therein limited for theire Underwriting according to that Act upon which and other Clauses of the said Act doubts have beene raised For explanation thereof and for the deere satisfaction of all such persons as by underwriting any sums of Money according to that Act shall advance so honourable and pious a Worke as the reducing of that Kingdome Be it Enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lord and by the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That all and every his Majesties Subjects inhabiting or residing within the said City of London or within threescore miles distance thereof which at any time before the twentieth day of Aprill in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty two have underwritten or shall underwrite any such sum of money as in the said Act is mentioned and pay the fourth part thereof on or before the said twentieth day of Aprill aforesaid and the other three parts of the sume or sums so to be subscribed within three moneths three moneths and three moneths by equall por66ns accounting eight and twentie dayes to every moneth to be accounted to begin from the said twentieth day of Aprill aforesaid and all the said sums to be paid at die Chamber of the Citie of London to the four persons appointed to attend there by the said Act or to any two of them who are hereby authorized and required to give Receipts for the same and to enter the said sum and the times of such subscription as aforesaid And all and every his Majesties Subjects inhabiting sixtie miles or more from the said Citie of London and all and every his Majesties Subjects of the Scotch Nation which at any time before the tenth day of May in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty two have underwritten or shall underwrite any such sum of Money as in the said Act is mentioned and pay the fourth part thereof on or before the said tenth day of May aforesaid and the other three parts of the sum or sums so to be subscribed within three Moneths three Moneths and three Moneths by equall por£6ns accounting eight and twentie dayes to every Moneth to be accounted to begin from the said tenth day of May aforesaid and at such place and to such persons as in and by the said Act is appointed shall have a proportionable share of the said Rebels Lands and of other Lands forfeited and to be forfeited by the said Act according to the sums to be by them underwritten and paid in as aforesaid under all [other1] the Conditions and Limitations in the said Act or Propositions mentioned to all intents and purposes and in as large and beneficiall manner as if such underwriting had beene at the dayes in the said recited Act or the Propositions therein expressed Any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further declared and Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all such persons of the Dutch Nation being Protestants and Subjects to the Government of the States of the United Provinces of the Low Countreys as shall be desirous to underwrite any sum or sums of Money according to the said Act shall be admitted to such underwriting untill the full sum of two hundred thousand pounds shall be by them underwritten And so as the Million of Money propounded to be underwritten by His Majesties Subjects of England Scotland and Ireland be not subscribed before the admittance of any of the said Dutch Nation to subscribe as aforesaid And that such of the said Dutch Nation as shall be admitted to underwrite according to this Act shall underwrite theire severall sums of money within this Kingdome before the tenth day of May in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty two and shall’ pay the fourth part of the sum and sums to be by them underwritten at or before the said tenth day of May aforesaid and the other three parts of the sum or sums so to be subscribed within three monthes three monthes and three monthes by equall Porc6ns accompting eight and twenty dayes to every moneth to be reckoned to begin from the said tenth day of May aforesaid And all the said sums to be paid at the Chamber of the City of London to the foure Persons appointed to attend there by the said Act or to any two of them which said four persons or any two of them are hereby authorized and required to give receipts for the same and to enter the said sums and times of subscription as aforesaid and upon such underwriting and payment as aforesaid shall have a proportionable share of the said Rebels Lands and of other Lands forfeited and to be forfeited by the said Act according to the sums to be by them Underwritten and paid in as aforesaid under all other the Condicftns and Limitations in the said Act or Propositions mentioned to all intents and purposes and in as large and beneficiall manner as his Majesties Subjects of England shall or may enjoye theire severall and respective shares according to the said Act

1 interlined on the Boll.

16° Car. I. c. 34, 35.

173

And be it further efiacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case any Person that shall underwrite according to this Act theire Heires Executors Administrators or Assignes shall pay in the three latter payments of the sums of money by them subscribed or to be subscribed or any part thereof sooner then the times in this present Act limited for the same there shall be rebated and allowed unto them by way of rebate so much of the said moneys underwritten as the Interest of the said money so paid in before hand from thenceforth to the time and times respectively whereon the same is by this present Act limited to be paid after the rate of eight Pounds for one hundred pounds for a yeare shall amount unto And John Warner John Towse Thomas Andrewes and Lawrence Haulstead in the said recited Act named or any two of them are hereby authorized & required to make the said allowances by way of rebate accordingly And the same shall upon theire Accompts be allowed unto them And the said money so rebated shall be accompted and adjudged to be paid by the said underwriters theire Heires Executors Administrators or Assignes and shall be as beneficiall unto them as if the same had beene actually paid according to the Propositions in the said recited Act menebned

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Members of' either House of Parliament which shall underwrite any sums of money and pay in the same or any part thereof at the Chamber of the City of London shall neverthelesse have the same dayes and times of payment for theire severall sums by them underwritten or to be underwritten as they should have had in case they had subscribed theire severall sums and paid in the same in the severall Counties where they had theire ordinary residence and habitation before the begining of this Parliament

[And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said John Warner John Towse and such other Persons as are appointed by the said Act to receive such sums of money as shall be paid in by vertue of that Ad to dedud and retaine to theire owne use one peny out of every Pound of all such sums of money as they shall receive according to this Act towards theire charges and Paines in attending and receiving the said Subscriptions and sums of money and in issuing out and returning up the same.13

ni.

Persons piying in Money sooner than the Tone allowed;

Allowance at the Rate of j£8. per Cent, per Ann.

IV.

Members of either House of Parliament subscribing.

V.

Allowance to the Receivers id. in the pound.

CHAPTER XXXV.

An Act to inable Corporations & Bodies Politique to participate of the benefit of an Act lately passed entituled An Act for the speedie and efieduall reducing of the Rebells in his Majesties Kingdome of Ireland to theire due obedience to his Majestie and the Crowne of England.

"WYTHE RE AS diverse of his Majesties well affected Subjects ’of this Kingdome have taken notice of the said Act v v and are willing to contribute to so good a Worke according to theire severall Estates and Abilities but every Person in himselfe is not able to undertake any great sum of money yet many of them united and incorporated into one Body Companie or Societie may by joyning togeather make up a considerable intire sum which may very much advance so Honourable and Pious a Worke as the reducing of that Kingdome of Ireland And alsoe for the better inabling of all Corporations and Bodies politique thorowout this Kingdome to be adventurers and undertakers in the same Be it enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lord and by the Lords and Commons in this Parliament assembled and the Authoritie of the same That all and every Cities Boroughs and other Towns Corporate which have perpetuall Communaltie and Succession being within sixtie miles of London And all and every Companies Guilds and Fraternities of any Craft Mysterie or Trade united and incorporated within the said Citie of London or within any other Citie within threescore miles distance thereof which at any time before the twentieth day of May in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty two by theire Citizens or Burgesses or by any one of them respectively for that place which he serveth in this present Parliament or by theire Maior Bailiffe Master Warden or other Head Officer of any the said Cities Boroughs Towns Corporate Companies Guilds or Fraternities aforesaid shall underwrite any such sum of money as in the said Act is mentioned and pay the fourth part thereof on or before the said twentieth day of May aforesaid and the other three parts of the sum or sums so to be subscribed within three moneths three moneths and three monthes by equall por£6ns accounting right and twentie dayes to every moneth to be accounted to begin from the said twentieth day of May aforesaid And all the said sums to be paid at the Chamber of the Citie of London to the four persons appointed to attend there by the said Act or to any two of them Who are hereby authorized and required to give Receipts for the same and to enter the said sum and the times of such Subscription as aforesaid And all and every Cities Boroughs and other Towns corporate within the Kingdome of England which have perpetuall Communalty and Succession being threescore miles or more from the said City of London And all Companies Guildes and Fraternities of any Craft Mystery or Trade united & incorporated within any of the said Cities which at any time before the last day of May in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred fourty two shall by theire Citizens or Burgesses or by any one of them respectively for that place which he serveth in this present Parliament or by theire Maior Bayliffe Master Warden or other Head Officer of any of the said Cities Boroughs Towns Corporate Companies Guildes or Fraternities aforesaid underwrite any such sum of money as in the said Act is mentioned and pay the fourth part thereof on or before the said last day of May aforesaid and the other three parts of the said sum or sums so to be subscribed within three monthes three monthes and three monthes by equall porc&ns accounting right and twentie dayes to every moneth to be accounted to begin from the said last day of May aforesaid and at such place and to such Persons as in and by the said Act is appointed shall have a

1 annexed to the Original Alt in a separate Schedule.

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. P. 3- *. 8.

c. 35. ante.

Corporations and Bodies Politic enabled to be Adventurers.

Times for Underwriting and Payment within 60 Miles from London.

Moneys to be paid to the Treasurers appointed by the said Act.

Times for Underwriting and Payment by Corporations, See. being 60 Miles and more from London.

On Payment entitled to Allotments.

Yy

1T4

16° Car. I. c. 35, 36.

A.D. 1640.

proportionable share of the said Rebels Lands and of other Lands forfeited and to be forfeited by the said Act according to the sums to be by them underwritten and paid in as aforesaid under all other the Conditions and Limitations in the said Act or Propositions mentioned to all intents and purposes and in as large and beneficial! manner as if such Underwriting had beene at the dayes in the said recited Act or the Propositions therein expressed Any thing therein contained or any thing in the Statute made the fifteenth yeare of King Richard the second entituled Assurance of Lands to certaine Places Persons and Uses shall be adjudged Mortmain or any thing in any other Statute of Mortmain whatsoever contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XXXVI.

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. A SUBSIDY graunted to the King of Tonnage Poundage & other sums of money payable upon Merchandize /. 3. fin.9. exported & imported. (*)

Recital of c. 8. ante.

c. 12. ante.

c. 22. ante.

c. 25. ante.

c. 29. ante.

c. 31. ante.

Reasons for the present Grant.

Tun of Wine imported, 38.

WHEREAS an Act was made this present Parliament entituled A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other sums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported Whereby it is declared and enacted that it is and hath beene the ancient right of the subjects of this Realme that no subsidy custome impost or other charges whatsoever ought or may be laid or imposed upon any merchandize exported or imported by subjects Denizens or Aliens without common consent in Parliament And the said Commons then taking into theire considera£6ns the great perill that might have ensued by not guarding of the Seas and other inconveniencies which might have followed in case the said sums of money in the said Act mentioned should not have beene granted to your Majesde as in and by the said Act is expressed did therefore by the advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled & by the authoritie of the same give and graunt unto your Majestie our leige Lord and Soveraigne One subsidy of Tonnage and one other Subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said Act is expressed To have take perceive and enjoye the subsidies and other sums so granted by the said Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the five and twentieth day of May One thousand six hundred sortie and one unto the fifteenth day of July then next coming And whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this psent Parliament with like declaration of the right of the subjects of this your Realme by which second Ad your said Commons did by the like advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt unto your Majestie One Subsidy of Tonnage and one other Subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified and conteyned To have take perceive and enjoye the Subsidy & other sums so granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the said fifteenth day of July One thousand six hundred forty & one unto the tenth day of August then next ensuing And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament by which third Ad your said Commons did by the like advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same give and graunt unto your Majestie One subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified & conteyned To have take enjoye and pceive the said Subsidies & other sums so granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the ninth day of August One thousand six hundred forty and one to the first day of December [then next ensuing*] And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this psent Parliament by which fourth Ad your said Commons did by the like advice of the Lords in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt to your Majestie One subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified and conteyned To have take enjoye and perceive the said subsidies and other sums so granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the last day of November 1641. unto the first day of February then next ensuing And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament by which Fifth Ad the said Commons did by the like advice of the Lords in this present Parliament [assembled 2] and by the authority of the same give and graunt to your Majestie One subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified To have take enjoye and perceive the said Subsidies and other sumes so granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the first day of February One thousand six hundred forty and one unto the five and twentieth day of March then next following And Whereas the said Act being determined one other Act of the same title was likewise made this present Parliament by which Ad the said Comons did by the like advice of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same give and graunt unto your Majestie One subsidy of Tonnage and one other subsidy of Poundage in such manner and according to such rates as in the said last recited Act is specified To have take enjoye and perceive the said Subsidies and other sumes so granted by the said last recited Act and every of them and every part and parcell of them to your Highnes from the foure and twentieth day of March 1641. to the third day of May then next ensuing The said Commons now likewise againe taking into theire consideracftn the great perill that might ensue to this Realme by the not guarding of the Seas and the other inconveniences that might follow in case the said sumes of money should upon the suddain be forborne to be paid By and with the advice and consent of the Lords in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same doe give and graunt

1 This Act is twice inrolled, viz. in this place, and on the Second Part of the Rolls of this Year, nu. 8. 9 interlined on the Roll.

16° Car. I. c. 36.

175

to you ouf supreame Lord k Soveraigne One Subsidy called Tonnage that is to say Of every Tun of Wine that is or shall come into this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions by way of merchandize the sum <$f three shillings and so after that rate and of every Tun of Sweet wines aswell Malmsey as other that is or shall come into this Realme by any Merchant Alien three shillings and so after the rate over and above the three shillings above men&ned And of every [Awne1] of Rhenish Wine that is or shall so come in twelve pence And also one other subsidy called Poundage that is to say Of all manner of Goods & Merchandize of every Merchant Denizen & AJien carried or to be carried out of this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions or to be brought into the same by way of merchandize of the value of every twenty shillings of the same goods and merchandize twelve pence and •o after the rate And of every twenty shillings value of Tinne & Pewter Vessell carried out of this Realme by every or any Merchant Alien twelve pence over and above the twelve pence aforesaid Except and foreprized out of this Grant of Subsidy of Poundage all manner of Woolen Cloath made or wrought or which shall be made or wrought within this Realme of England and by every or any Merchant Denizen & not borne Alien carried or to be carried out of this Realme and all manner of Wools Woolfels Hydes and Backs of Leather that is or shall bee carried out of this Realme and all Wines not before limited to pay subsidy or tonnage and all manner of fresh fish and bestial] comeing or that shall come into this Realme

And further the said Commons by the assent advice and authority aforesaid Doe give and graunt unto you our said leige Lord our Soveraigne for the causes aforesaid One other subsidy that is to say Of every Merchant borne Denizen of and for every Sacke of Wooll thirty three shillings foure pence and of and for every two hundred and forty Woolfels thirty three shillings foure pence and of and for every Last of hydes and backs three pounds six shillings and eight pence and so after the same rate for every lesse or greater quantity for every the same

merchandize more or lesse And of every Merchant Stranger not borne Denizen of and for every Sacke of Wooll

three pounds six shillings eight pence and of and for every two hundred and fourty Woolfels three pounds six shillings eight pence and for every Last of Hydes and Backs three pounds thirteene shillings foure pence And so of all the said Wools Woolfels Hydes and Backs and every of them after the rate And such other sums of money as have beene imposed upon any merchandize either outward or inward by pretext of any ires Patents Commission under the Great Seale of England or Privy Seale since the first yeare of the reigne of his late Majestie King James of Blessed Memory and which were continued and paid at the begining of this present Parliament To have take enjoye and perceive the Subsidies aforesaid and other the aforemenc&ned sumes and every of them and every part and parcell of them to you our said leige Lord and Soveraigne from the second day of May One

thoiisand six hundred forty and two to the second day of July then next ensuing

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the said Subsidy of Tonnage Poundage Wooll and other sumes of money shall be taken and employed during the time aforesaid to and for the intents and purposes and upon and under such provisions clauses and limitations as are conteyned in one Act made in Parliament held in the first yeare of the reigne of his said late Majestie King James of Blessed memory endtuled An Act for the granting of a Subsidy to the King of Tonnage Poundage Woolls &c

And it is hereby declared that the sums of money hereby graunted upon merchandize are not the rates intended to be continued but the same to be hereafter in this present Parliament altered in such manner as shall be thought fit

And Whereas in the before men£6ned Act made the first yeare of King James there is this clause That if any Wines Goods or other merchandize whereof any the Subsidies in the said Act mentioned shall truly become due should at any time afterward be shipped or put into any boat or other Vessell to the intent to be carried into the parts beyond the Seas or else to be brought from the parts beyond the Seas into any Port of this Realme or other his said Majesties Dominions by way of marchandize and unshipped to be laid on land the subsidy custome and other duties due or to be due for the same not paid or lawfully tendered to the Collector thereof or his deputy with the consent and agreement of the Comptroller and Surveyor there or one of them at the least not agreed with for the same in the Custome House according to the true meaning of the said Act that then from a day mentioned in the said Act all the said Wine Goods and Merchandize whatsoever should be forfeited to his then Majestie during the time in the Act mentioned the one moytie of the rate thereof to the King and the other moytie to him or them that should seize the same or sue for the same It is hereby enacted that the said penalty and forfeiture shall not ensue to any person or persons for the shipping or unshipping of any Goods or merchandize whereupon Tonnage Poundage or any sums of money are payable by this Act untill notice shall be given of this Act penalrie k forfeiture by proclama&n where the [said1] Goods are or ought to be entred unlesse after such notice they shall refuse to compound for such goods and merchandize

And it is further enacted that any customer or comptroller or any other officer or person that after [thex] determinaffln of this graunt shall take or receive or cause to be taken or received the said Subsidy 6umes of money or any imposition upon merchandize whatsoever exported or imported except the same by graunt in parliament be due or by such graunt shall become due or have been continually paid from the end of the reigne of the late King Edward the Third untill the begining of the reigne of the late Queene Mary shall incurre and susteyne the paines penalties and forfeitures ordeined and provided by the Statute of provision and premunire made in the sixteenth yeare of King Richard the Second and shall alsoe from hence forth be disabled during his life to sue or impleade any person in any Action reall mixt or personall or in any Court whatsoever

Like Doty over and above on Sweet Wine imported by Merchant A Hens. Awme of Rhenish Wine imported, tad. Every tot. worth of Goods exported or imported, isd. The Uke Duty on Tin and Pewter Vessels exported. Proviso for certain Woollen Cloth exported by Merchant Denizens) and for Wools, kc. exported; and for Wines not before mentioned ; and for Fresh Fish kc. imported*

II.

Duties payable by Merchant Denizen and Merchant Stranger for every Sack of Wool, every 140 Woolfels, and every Last of Hides, kc. and also certain Duties by Letters Patent, kc. since 1 Jac. I.

III.

The said Subady to be applied according to 1 Jac. I. c* 33.

IV.

Rates to be altered in this Parliament as shall be thought fit.

V.

1 Jac. I. c. 35. recited.

Penalty in 1 Jac. I. c. 33. not to attach, unless on Persons refusing to compouod for Goods imported or exported.

VI.

Officer, after the Determination of thisGrant, receiving the Subsidy, Premunire, and Disability to sue. Exception.

i6R-U> c.5.

* Awme 0.

«interlined on the Roll.

16° Car. I. c.36, 37.

A.D. 164Q.

VII.

Proviso for Tobacco of English Plantations.

VJII. Persons not to be charged by this Act with pretermitted Customs.

IX.

Grants of Subsidies by Letters Patent, Arc. void.

X.

Allowance of Duties on Exportation of imported Goods.

XI.

Allowance upon exporting Tobacco on Certificate and Oath.

Rot. Parl. 16 Car. /. 3. an. 10.

c» 33. ante.

c. 34. ante.

c. 35. ante.

All Persons, English, Scottish, Irian, and Dutch, being Protestants, may subscribe.

The Time for Payment.

On Payment, entitled to Allotments.

II.

Time for Payment by such as have subscribed.

Provided alwayes That this Act shall not extend to any imposition or charge upon any sort of Tobacco of English Planta&n but that the [same1] Tobacco shall be charged only with the payment of two pence in the pound and no more

Provided alwaies And it is further enacted that this A d shall not extend or be construed to charge any person or persons with an imposition or charge of late yeares imposed upon Woolen Cloath and Woolen comodiries knowne by the name of pretermitted Customes

Provided alsoe And be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid that all Grants and Letters Patent under the Great Seale Privy Seale or otherwise conteyning the grants of any Subsidies or Imposts heretofore made or granted to any person or persons for or in respect of the transporta£6n exporta£6n or importa£6n of any Goods or merchandize pretended to be due or payable to your Majesty or by any such Graunts or Letters Patents covenanted to be enjoyed or had out of such Subsidies Imposts or Payments as hereafter should be setled by Parliament or otherwise And all Letters Patents or other Graunts of the Collection of any Impositions heretofore set without consent in Parliament made or graunted to any person whatsoever And alsoe All Pen&tas assigna&ns of moneys and all other payments whatsoever charged or hereafter to be charged on this subsidy by this Act other then for the uses before in this Act intended shall be from henceforth utterly void

Provided that if any Merchant shall export any goods and merchandize which have beene formerly imported and the customes and other duties for the same truly paid that in such case the same allowance shalbe made unto every such Merchant as have beene formerly by vertue of your Highnes Privy Seale

[ Provided also That of all Tobacco of the English Plantations for which every Merchant hath or shall duely pay the subsidy of two pence the pound weight for the same at the importation thereof allowance shall be made unto every such merchant transporting the same one peny for every pound weight upon certificate of the Officer and Oath of the party that the subsidy for the said Tobacco was duely paid at the importa£6n.*]

CHAPTER XXXVII.

An Act for the further advancement of an effectuall and speedy reduction of the Rebels in Ireland to the obedience

of his Majestie and the Crowne of England. (3)

WHEREAS in pursuance of three severall Acts of Parliament made this present Session (the first intituled An Act for the speedie and effectuall reducing of the Rebells in His Majesties Kingdome of Ireland to theire due obedience to His Majestie and to the Crowne of England And the second intituled An Act for adding unto and explaining of certaine Clauses in another Act made this Parliament intituled An Act for the speedie and effectuall reducing of the Rebels in His Majesties Kingdome of Ireland to theire due obedience to His Majestie and the Crowne of England And the third intituled An Act to inable Corporations and Bodies Politique to participate of the benefit of an Act lately past intituled An Act for the speedie and effectuall reducing of the Rebels in His Majesties Kingdome of Ireland to theire due obedience to his Majestie and the Crowne of England diverse great sums of money have beene subscribed some part whereof is already paid in to the purposes and persons mentioned in the said Acts and diverse other well affected persons Bodies Politique and Corporate would subscribe and pay in diverse great sums of money for the purposes and intents in the said Acts expressed if the times limited in the said Acts for subscribing and paying in of the same were not already elapsed Be it therefore enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lord and by the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That all and every person and persons of the English Scotish Irish or Dutch Nation being Protestants in Religion and every Body Politique and Corporate of this Realme which at any time before the twentieth day of July in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred fourty two shall underwrite or cause to be underwritten to the intents and purposes in all or any the said Acts meneftned any sum of money not being under the sum of ten pounds and shall pay or cause to be paid the fourth part thereof on or before the said twentieth day of July and the other three parts of the sum or sums so to be underwritten within three monthes three monthes and three monthes by equall por£6ns accompting eight and twenty dayes to every moneth to be accompted to begin from the twentieth of July aforesaid and all the said sums to be underwritten at the Chamber of the City of London and to be paid to the four persons appointed to attend there by the said Acts or to any two of them who are hereby authorised and required to give Receipts for the same and to enter the said sums and times of such subscription as aforesaid shall have to all and every such person and persons Bodies Politique and Corporate theire Heires Successors or Assignes respectively a proportionable share of the Rebels Lands and of other Lands forfeited or to be forfeited by all or any of the said Ad$ according to the sums to be by him or them underwritten and paid in as aforesaid under all other the Conditions Limitations and Provisions which in all or any of the said Acts are expressed and in as large and beneficiall maimer to all intents and purposes as if such underwriting and payment had been at the dayes in the said Acts or either of them appointed or expressed

And the better to invite all well affected persons Bodies Politique and Corporate to the bringing in of present money for this service which will be the most effectuall meanes under God for the speedy subduing of the said Rebels. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons of the English

1 said 0. • annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1 This Act is not in the Bundles of Original Acts of this Year at the Parliament Office, although the Title appears in the Calendar.

16° Car. I. c. 3T, 38.

ITT

Scotish Irish or Dutch Nation being of the Protestant Religion and every Body Politique or Corporate in this Real me which hath at any time heretofore underwritten or have caused to be underwritten or shall underwrite or cause to be underwritten any sum of money to the purposes in all or any of the said Acts mentioned and hath or shall have according to the times and places in the said Acts limited paid in a fourth part or more of the same and shall pay in or cause to be paid in the residue of the sum so underwritten before the said twentieth day of July And every such person or body politique which shall underwrite or cause to be underwritten to the purposes aforesaid any sum of money by vertue of this Act at the said Chamber [of1] London and shall pay in or cause to be paid in the whole sum which he or they shall soe underwrite or cause to be underwritten unto the said four persons or any two of them who are to give Receipts for the same as aforesaid and to enter the sums and rimes of subscription before the said twentieth of July shall have to all and every such person and persons Bodies Politique and Corporate theire Heires Successors and Assignee respectively a proportionable number of Acres out of the two millions and halfe of Acres in the said former Act mentioned with Woods Boggs Loughes and barren Mountaines cast in over and above with the Houses and Edifices thereupon built according to the sum so underwritten and paid in which said proportionable number of Acres shall be measured out and enjoyed according to the Plantation measure (that is to say) every Acre thereof shall consist of eightscore Pearches or Poles and every Pearch or Pole shall consist of one and twentie foot and shall enjoye the said proportionable number of Acres under the same Conditions Limitations and Provisions and in as large and benefidall manner to all intents and purposes as any other underwriter which shall pay in his money underwritten at four payments shall enjoye his proportionable number of English Acres Any thing in the said Acts or either of them conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas the two Millions and halfe of Acres mencftned in the said first recited Act to be for the satisfaction of such persons as shall underwrite and pay in any sum of money according to the said first recited Act or Propositions mentioned in the said first recited Act are to consist of English measure Now to the intent that all such well affected persons Bodies Politique and Corporate as have underwritten or shall underwrite or have caused or shall cause to be underwriten to the purposes in all or any of the said Acts expressed any sum of money and shall pay in or cause to be paid in all theire sums which are or shall be so underwritten as aforesaid before the said twentieth of July may have Lands sufficient to give them satisfaction according to the proportion of one and twenty foot to the Pole for every Acre. Therefore be it Enacted That every Acre of the said two Millions and halfe of Acres shall consist of eightscore Pearches or Poles and every Pearch or Pole shall consist of one and twenty foot And all the said two Millions and halfe of Acres shall be measured forth out of the said Rebells Lands and the other Lands forfeited by the said first recited Act according to that measure Any thing in the said Propositions or in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Pbovided neverthelesse That all and every person and persons Bodies Politique and Corporate which have underwritten or shall underwrite or have caused or shall cause any other to underwrite for him or them any sum of money to the purposes aforesaid and have paid or shall pay in theire moneys according to the said recited Acts or according to the times limited in the first Clause of this Act and shall not pay in all theire respective sums underwritten or to be underwritten as aforesaid before the said twentieth of July shall have theire proportionable number [of1] Acres according to the English measure viz. consisting of sixteen foot and an halfe to the Pole and no other or greater measure Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Person Body Politique or Corporate which hath paid in any sum of Money according to the said Acts or any of them by way of Rebate shall have any advantage of this Act unlesse such person Body Politique or Corporate shall repay or cause to be repaid before the said twentieth of July to the said four persons or any two of them who are to give Receipts for the same the sum so to him or them formerly rebated Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it lastly Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said four Receivers or any two of them to deduct and retain to theire owne use one penie out of every pound of all such sums of money as they shall receive according to this Act towards theire charges and paines in attending and receiving the said Subscriptions and sums of Money and in issuing out of the same.

CHAPTER XXXVm.

An Act for the Attainder of Thomas Earle of Strafford of High Treason. (*)

WHEREAS the Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses of the Howse of Cdmons in this psent Parliament assembled have in the name of themselves and of all the Comons of England impeached Thomas Earle of Strafford of High Treason for endeavouring to subvert the auncient & fundamentall Lawes and Governement of His Ma*f Realmes of England and Ireland and to introduce an arbitrary & tyranicall Government against Lawe in the said Kingdomes And for exercizing a tyranous and exorbitant Power above and against the Lawes of the said Kingdomes over the Liberties Estates and Lives of His MaT SubT And likewise for haveing by his owne Authoritie comanded the laying and sessing of Souldiers uppon His Ma'f Sub*f in Ireland against their consentf to compell them to obey his unlawfull sumons & Orders made uppon paper Peti£6ns in Causes betweene partie and partie wch accordingly was executed uppon divers of IBs Ma'f Sub'f in a warlike manner w1^ the said Realme of Ireland and in soe doeing did leavy warr against the Kings Matie and his liege people in that Kingdome; And alsoe for that hee uppon the unhappy dissolution of the last Parliament did slaunder the Howse of Cdmons to His Matic and did councell and advise His Malk that hee was loose and absolved from Rules of Government. And that hee [had5] an Army in Ireland wdl hee might imploy to

Vot* V.

•Zz

Allowance to inch Penons of proportionable Number of Two Million and a Half of Acres.

III.

The Proportion of Pole* to every Acre for those who shall have paid in their Subscriptions before the 20thof July.

IV.

pie Proportion for those who shall not have paid in the whole of their Subscription before the 20th July.

V.

Proviso respecting Persons paying in by way of Rebate, having Benefit of Act

VI. Allowance to Receivers id. in the Pound.

0»*». 25.

16° Car. I. c.38.

A.D. 1640.

Earl of Stafford attainted of High Treason.

Proviso for the Law relating to Treason.

II.

General Saving*

reduce this Kingdome. For w*h hee deserved* to undergoe the Paines and Forfeitures of High Treason. And the said Earle hath bin alsoe an Incendiary of the Warrs betweene the two Kingdomes of England & Scotland. All w* Offences hath bin sufficiently prooved against the said Earle uppon his Impeachm*. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Matie And by the Lords and Comons in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same That the said Earle of Strafford for the haynous Crymes and Offences aforesaid stand and bee adjudged attainted of High Treason and shall suffer such paines of Death and incur the Forfeitures of his Goods and Chattellf Lands Tenementf Sc Hereditamentf of anie Estate of Freehold or Inheritance in the said Kingdomes of England and Ireland w* the said Earle or anie other to his use or in trust for him have or had the daie of the first sitting of this present Parliam* or at anie tyme since ; Provided That noe Judge or Judges Justice or Justices whatsoever shall adjudge or interpret anie A3 or Thing to be Treason nor heare or determine anie Treason nor in anie other manner then hee or they should or ought [to1] have done before the makeing of this A3, and as if this A3 had never bin had nor made,

Saveing alwaies unto all and singuler Persons and Bodies Pollitique Sc Corporate theire heires and successorf others then the said Earle and his heires and such as clayme from by or under him, all such right title and interest of in and to all and singuler such of the said Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf as hee they or anie of them had before the first daie of this present Parliam* Anie thing herein contained to the contrarie notwithstanding: Provided that the passing of this present A3 or his Ma'f assent thereunto shall not be anie determinafftn of this present Sessions of Parliament, But that this present Sessions of Parliament and all bills and matters whatsoever depending in Parliament and not fully enacted or determined, And all Statutf and A3f of Parliament w* have theire continuance undll the end of this present Session of Parliament shall remaine continue and bee in full force as if this A3 had not bin.

ITEM quedam petic&es privatas psonas concementes in se formam A3us continentes exhibits fuerunt Dno

Regi in Parian! p>d quap tituli subscribuntur viz.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. An Act for the Attainder of Thomas Earle of Strafford of High Treason.

2. An Act to enable the Marquesse of Winchester to grant estates for three lives oi one and twentie yeares &c of Lands in the County of Southampton &c reserving the old rents.

3. An Act for naturalizing of Dorothy Spencer daughter of Henry Lord Spencer Baron Spencer of Wormleighton.

4. An Act for the enabling of the sale and leasing of Lands for payment of the debts of Thomas late Earle of Winchelsea.

5. An Act for the setling and estating upon the Right Honourable the Lady Elizabeth Countesse Dowager of Exceter her heires and assignes for ever the Sdte of the Hospitall of Saint Leonards without the Towne of Newarke upon Trent in the County of Nottingham with the Dwelling House and other Buildings thereupon built and of certaine Closes and Grounds parcell of the possessions of the said Hospitall and for the annexing of diverse Lands and Tenements of better value being the inheritance of the said Countesse unto the possessions of the said Hospitall for ever in liew of the same.

6. An Act for the making of the Chappell of Hoole in the Countie of Lancaster a Parish Church and no part of the parish of Croston.

7. An Act for John Eggars Free School within the parish of Alton in the Countie of Southampton.

8. An Act for the setling of certaine Manors Lands Tenements & Hereditaments on Katherine Countesse Dowager of Bedford William now Earle of Bedford John Russell and Edward Russell Esquires sons of Francis Earle of Bedford deceased.

9. An Act for the confirmation of his Majesties Letters Patents to the Town of Plimouth and for dividing the parish Sc building of a new Church there.

10. An Act for the alteration of the Estate and Tenure of some Lands within the parish of Fulham in the County of Middlesex held of the Lord Bishop of London as of his Mannor of Fulham

11. An Act to setle the Mannor of Belgrave and other Lands in the County of Leicester to and upon William Byerly Esquire his heires & assignees for Sc towards payment of the debts of William Davenport Esquire deceased.

12. An Act to inhable Sir Alexander Denton Knight to sell the Manor of Great Barvard alias Barford Saint Michael and other Lands in this present A3 mentioned for the payment of his debts & preferment of his younger Children.

13. An Act for the assuring of a Messuage called Duresme House alias Durham House and certaine Stables part of the possessions of the Bishop of Duresme scituate in the parish of Saint Martins in the Feilds in the Countie of Middlesex unto the Right Honourable Philip Earle of Pembrooke and Mountgomerie and his heires and of a yearely rent of two hundred pounds per annum to the said Bishopp of Duresm and his successors in leiw thereof.

The whole of the Acts of this Session are here printed aa haring passed in the 16th Year of King Charles the First, there not appearing upon the Roll any thing to distinguish what Acts passed in the 16th and 17th, and in the 17th and 18th Year*; the Three Partt of the Roll being a regular Continuation of Acts under the tame Head at to the Session.

At the Parliament Office the first 22 Acts are in a Bundle, indorsed, " 16 & 17 Car." and by " The long Calendar" in the tame Office are stated to have passed, " Att the first Recesse of Parliament begunn at Westm* the Third Day of November An° R. JVCar. 16* & 170 1640. 1641/* And the remaining 15 Ad* are in another Bundle, indorsed, •« 17 and 18 Car." and in the tame Calendar are stated to be, " Acts of Parliament " pawed after the first Recease A° 17 & 18 Car. Regi* in the Parliam* begunn on the Thirde Day of Novemb* An° 16 Car. Regis."

1 interlined.

( 179 )

Anno 12° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1660.

STATUTES MADE IN THE SE88ION OF PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Twenty-fifth Day of April, In the TWELFTH Year of the Rbion of K. CHARLES the Second,

€x ftotulo i&arltamentf He &tmo i&egnt Hegte Carol! ftecttntt, 2>uo&eetmo.

In PARI.IAMF.NTO inchoato et tento apud Westmonasteriu Vicessimo quinto Die Aprilis Anno Regni Sereniaami atque FgiyllwitMami Domini 9lri Caroli Secundi Dei Gra Anglic Scftas Franciae et Hibiniae Regis Fidri Dcfensoris duo-dedmo Communi oiu DSoru et Comunitatis consensu et Regiae Majestads Assensu sancita maAitatft ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequenda haec statuta ad verbu ut sequitur vidett.

Publiqub Acts,

CHAPTER I.

An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this

present Parliament.

F)R the preventing all Doubts and Scruples concerning the Assembling, Sitting, and Proceeding of this present Parliament: Bee it Declared and Enacted, and it is Declared and Enacted by the King Our Soveraigne Lord, and by the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled and by Authorise of the same That the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the third day of November in the Sixteenth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles of Blessed Memory is fully dissolved and determined; And that the Lords and Commons now suing at Westminster in this present Parliament are the two Houses of Parliament, and soe shalbe, and are hereby Declared Enacted and Adjudged to be to all Intents Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, notwithstanding any want of the Kings Majesties Writt or Writts of Summons or any Defect or Alteration of or in any Writt or Writts of Summons or any other Defect or Default whatsoever; as if this Parliament had beene summoned by Writt or Writts in His Majesties Name according to the usuall Forme, and as if his Majestie had beene present in person at the Assembling, and Commencement of this present Parliament. [Provided alwaies That this present Parliament may be dissolved by His Majestie after the usuall manner as if the same had beene summoned by Writt or Writts in his Majesties Name.1]

Provided alsoe and it is hereby enacted That His Majesties Royall Assent to this Bill shall not determine this present Session of Parliament.

CHAPTER n.

An Act for putting in execution an Ordinance mentioned in this Act.

WHEREAS in the absence of his Majestie an Ordinance of both Houses of Parliament was made entituled v v An Ordinance of the Lords and Commons for an assesment of seaventy thousand pounds by the moneth upon England for three moneths for the supply of the present occasions of the Kings Majesty, and for and towards the payment and satisfaction of the Armies and Navies continued for the defence of this Kingdome and for other the necessary and urgent occasions therof. Now therefore for the due leavying, and raising of the said moneyea Be it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majestie with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this Parliament assembled, and by authoritie of the same; And it is by the authoritie aforesaid enacted that all and every the clauses powers and provisoes in the said Ordinance mentioned be and shall be put in foil execution. Provided that the passing of this Act shall not determine this Session of Parliament.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Rotm POft* 12 C. III

p. I. Mi. I.

.The Parliament begun 3d Not.

16 Car. 1. dissolved.

Lords and Commons now sitting declared to be the Two Houses of Parliament*

This Parliament may be dissolved by the King in the usual Manner.

II.

The King's Assent to this Act shall not determine this Session.

Rot. Par/, fa C. //. p. 1. an. a. Ordinance for Assessment of #£70,000 recited.

The said Ordinance to be executed.

12° Car. II. c.3.

A.D. 1660.

Rot. Parl. 12 C.ll. p. I. mi.3.

Process, Writs, &c. shall not be discontinued for not keeping or holding certain Days of Return.

n.

Writs, Process, Pleas, &c. returnable at a certain Day continued adjourned.

Parties in Pleas, &c. haring Day as herein mentioned, to have the Return " In the Morrow of the Ascension, &c." prefixed.

Sheriffs, &c. to keep all Writs, &c. until the Fifth Return.

III. Process, Writs, Pleas, &c. under certain Titles and Names, may be prosecuted and proceeded upon.

IV.

A & of 1650 continued till 1 st August 1660.

V.

Another Act of 1650 recited.

CHAPTER ffl.

An Act for the Continuance of Processe and Judiciall Proceedings.

XX THERE AS the fewer first Returns of Easter Terme in the yeare one thousand six hundred sixtie of late ▼ V called From Easter day in fifteene dayes, From Easter day in three weeks. From Easter day in one Moneth, and From Easter day in five weeks, or any of them cannot be conveniently kept or holden: Now for avoiding all manner of discontinuances whatsoever which by occasion therof should or might happen or be in any Matter or Cause whatsoever in any the Courts at Westminster, Bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty and the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament That noe Pleas Writts Bills Actions Suites Plaints Processe Precepts or other thing or things whatsoever pleaded returned or depending, or having day or dayes in any of the said Courts in or at the said severall Returns or any of them, or at any other day or dayes certaine after any of the said Returns shall be in any wise discontinued or putt without day for or by reason of the not keeping or holding of the said Returns -or dayes or any of them, but that all and singular the said Pleas Writts Bills Actions Suites Plaints Processe Precepts and other the Premisses aforesaid shall stand continue and be good and elfe&uall in Law to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Returns and dayes and every of them had beene actually kept and holden in all and every the said Courts, Any Law Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Pleas Writts Bills Actions Suites Plaints Processe Precepts & Other thing or things whatsoever aforesaid pleadable or to be pleaded returnable or to be returned or having day in any manner whatsoever at any of the said Returns, or any day or dayes certaine after any of the said Returns Be and are hereby continued and adjourned unto (and shall and may be pleaded returned heard and determined in the respective Courts aforesaid at or on the fifth Returne of the said Terme of late called. In the morrow of the Assension of our Lord: And that all Parties in any Pleas Writts Bills Actions Suites Plaints Processe or other thing or things whatsoever haveing dayes given them at any of the said fewer first Returns, or at any other day or dayes certaine after any of the said Returns in the said Courts or any of them by vertue of this present Act have the said Returne of late called In the morrow of the Assension of our Lord prefixed them therin And that all Sheriffes Officers, and other Ministers whatsoever and every of them respectively keepe in their hand? all Writts Bills Processe and Precepts and all othe/ things whatsoever to them directed Tespe&ively returnable, or to be returned in the severall Courts aforesaid at the said fewer first Retumes or any of them in or at any day certaine as aforesaid untill the said fifth Returne of late called The morrow of the Assension of our Lord, and then returne the same into the said severall Courts respectively. That such proceedings may be then had therupon as should have beene had in case the said fewer first Retumes had beene kepte and holden.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoride aforesaid that noe Writts Processe Plaints Pleas Informations Indiftments or Judiciall proceedings had commenced or prosecuted before the fifth day of May in the said yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty in the Name Sdle Tide or [Test1] of Custodes Libertatis Anglie Authoritate Parliament, or in the Name Sdle Title or [Test1] of The Keepers of the Libertie of England by Authoride of Parliament, or in the Name Sdle Tide or [Test1 ] of Oliver Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions thereto belonging, or in the Name Sdle Tide or [Test1] of Oliver Lord Protestor of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, or in the Name Sdle Tide or [Test1] of Richard Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland, and the Dominions and Territories thereto belonging shall be putt without day abated quashed or discontinued by his Majesdes most just reassumpdon of the a&uall Exercise of his Kingly Government in this Kingdome nor shall the same bee cause of Error Abatement or Discontinuance, but that all such Writs Processe Plaints Pleas Informations Indi&ments and Judiciall proceedings and ail Commissions for taking of Answers or Examination of Witnesses, Commission for taking of Fines and Warrants of Attourney Guardians or Procheinamy shall stand and bee continued and shall and may be proceeded upon prosecuted and returned notwithstanding the same were commenced or prosecuted in English, and notwithstanding the present happy Change and Restitution of his Majesties Name and Stile in Judiciall Proceedings.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authorkie aforesaid That one pretended Act made in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred fifty entituled An Act for turning the Bookes of the Law and all Processe and Proceedings in Courts of Justice into English shall stand and be in force as if the same had beene a good and effectuall Act from the first Returne of Easter Terme in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty one untill the first day of August [in the yeare of our Lord*] one thousand six hundred sixtie and noe longer.

And whereas by one other pretended Act made in the said yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred fiftie entituled An Act touching Come and Meale It was Enacted or mentioned to be enacted That from and after the twentieth day of November One thousand six hundred fifty It should and might be lawfiill to and for any person or persons Defendant or Tennant for or by reason of any matter to be pleaded sett forth or alledged in Barr to any Action reall personall or mixt in any Court of Record to plead the Generali issue of Not Guilty, or the like Generali Issue proper to the Nature of the Action or Suite commenced, and for his or their Discharge or Acquitting to give any such matter in evidence [to the Jury1] that shall try the same, and that the said matter shall bee as

1 Teste O.

9 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 3, 4.

181

iwihbk to such person or persons Defendant or Tennant to all intents and purposes as if thr said matter had beene fecally pleaded sett forth or alledged in Barr of such Action; Bee it further Enacted That the said pretended Act as touching the pleading of the Generali Issue shall by authorise hereof stand and be in foil force and effect according to the Tenore therof undll the said first day of August as if the same had beene a good and effectuall Act of Parliament and noe longer.

Provided allwayes That where the Generali Issue hath beene since the said twentieth day of November one thousand six hundred fifty pleaded, or shall before the said first day of August in the said yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixtie be pleaded in any Action That then upon the Triall of the said Cause such Evidence shall and may be allowed as if the said pretended Ad touching the pleading of the Generali Issue had beene and continued a good and effectual! Act of Parliament not determined or discontinued.

Provided alsoe That his Majesties Royall assent to the passing of this Bill shall not extend or be construed to extend to the determining of the Session of this present Parliament.

[Provided nevertheless? And be it Enacted That all Writts Patents and Commissions for constituting Justices of either Bench, and Barons of the Exchequer Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Goale Delivery [& Precepts upon Comissions of Oyer & Terminer & Goale Delivery1] and all other Commissions hereafter to be made by the Clerke of the Crowne in the Chauncery Charters and Letters Patents under the Great Seale of Lands Liberties Honours or Offices doe or may issue in the Kings Majesties Name, in the same manner as was usuall before the making of the said first recited pretended Ad. Any thing in this present Act to the contrary therof before expressed in any wise notwithstanding.*]

and at to pleading the General Issue, condoned till i* August |66o.

VI. Proviso as to former Pleas.

VII.

His Majesty's Assent to this Bill not to determine the Session.

VIII.

AO Writs, Patents, Commissions, &c. to issue in the King's Name, as formerly.

CHAPTER IV.

A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other summes of Money payable upon Merchandize

Exported and Imported.

THE Commons assembled in Parliament reposing Trust and Confidence in your Majesty in, and for the guarding and defending of the Seas against all persons intending or that shall intend the disturbance of Tour said Commons in the intercourse of Trade and the invading of this Your Realme, For the better defraying the necessary Expences therof which cannot otherwise be effected without great charge to Your Majesty Doe by and with the advice and consent of the Lords in this Your present Parliament assembled, and by the authorise of the same to the intent aforesaid Give and Grant unto You our Supreame Leige Lord and Soveraigne One Subsidy called Tonnage that is to say Of every Ton of Wine of the growth of France or of any the Dominions of the French King or Crowne of France that shall come into the Port of London and the Members therof by way of Merchandize by your Naturall borne Subjects the summe of Fower pounds and ten shillings of currant English Money and soe after that Rate, and by Strangers and Aliens Six pounds of like money, And of every Ton of the like Wine which shall be brought into all and every the other Ports and places of this Kingdome and the Dominions therof by way of Merchandice by Your Naturall borne Subjects the summe of three pounds, and by Aliens sower pounds and ten shillings. And of every But or Pipe of Muscadels Malmaseys [Cuts3] Tents Allicants Bastardf Sacks Canaries Malligoes Maderoes and other Wines whatsoever commonly called Sweet Wines of the growth of the Levant Spain Portugall or any of them, or of any the Islands or Dominions to them or any of them belonging or elsewhere that shal come or be brought into the' Port of London by Your Naturall borne Subjects the summe of forty five shillings of currant English money and soe after that Rate, And by Strangers and Aliens three pounds of like money. And of every But and Pipe of the like Wine which shall come or be brought into all every or any the other Ports and places of this Kingdome and Dominions therof by way bf Merchandize by Your Naturall borne Subjects the summe of thirty shillings, and by Strangers forty five shillings. And of every Awm of Rhenish Wine or Wine of the growth of Germany that shall be brought into this your Realme and the Dominions therof by your Naturall borne Subjects the summe of twenty shillings of currant English money, and by Strangers and Aliens twenty and five shillings, which severall Rates are the same which are expressed in a certaine Booke of Rates herein after mentioned and referred unto. And alsoe one other Subsidy called Poundage that is to say of all manner of Goods and Merchandize of every Merchant, Naturall borne Subject Denizen and Alien to bee carryed out of this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions to the same belonging or to be brought into the same by way of Merchandize of the value of every twenty shillings of the same Goods and Merchandice according to the severall and perticular rates and valewes of the same Goods and Merchandices as the same are perticularly and respectively rated and valued in the said Booke of Rates herein after mentioned and referred unto, twelve pence and soe after that rate. And of every twenty shillings value of any the Native Commodities of this Realme or Manufactures wrought of any such Native Comodities to be carryed out of this Realme by every or any Merchant Alien according to the Value therof in the said booke expressed twelve pence over and above the twelve pence aforesaid Except and foreprised out of this Grant of Subsidy of Poundage all manner of Woollen cloathes made or wrought or to be made or wrought within this Realme of England commonly called Old Draperies and all Wines before limited to pay Subsidy of Tonnage, and all manner of Fish English taken, and brought by English bottomes into this Realme, and all manner of fresh Fish and bestiall that shall come into this Your Realme and all other Goods and Merchandices which in the said Booke of Rates are mentioned to be Custome-free.

Rot. Pari, i* G.JI.

f. i. m.4.

The Causes of granting the Subsidies.

A Subsidy of Tonnage granted. French Wine imported, Ac. into London 4^4. ios. per Ton; by Aliens j£6. into all other Ports ^3-

by Aliens 4^4. ios. Sweet Wines imported into London £%. 5s. per Butt; by Aliens 4^3.

into any other Port 38s.

Aliens 5a

Every A wine of Rhenish Wine imported a os. Aliens 25s.

A Subsidy of Poundage, on Goods exported and imported, according to the Book of Rates.

Nat ive Commodities exported by Aliens.

Proviso for Old Draperies, certain Wines, Fish, English taken, he.

3 A

m

12° Car. II. c. 4.

A.D. 1660.

H.

A Subsidy of Woollen Ooth exported.

Broad Cloth $•. +d.

Every other Short Cloth of pld Drapery in Book of Rates ss. 4d. exported by Aliens 6s. 8d.

The said Subsidies

ni.

Shipping, Sec. for Exportation and not paying the Subsidy.

Penalty.

Merchant Aliens shall be well iutreated.

nr.

Proviso for Goods taken by Enemies or Pirates or perished on the Sea.

Proof before the Treasurer of England or Chief Baron of the Exchequer.

The Customs of Goods shipped in Carraclu or Gallies by Denizens.

V.

Proviso for Exportation of Herrings, fee, without paying Duties.

VI.

Recital that no Rates can be imposed on Merchandize without Authority of Parliament.

A Book of Rates agreed by the Commons House of Parliament subscribed by the Speaker.

And further We your said Comons by the Advice Assent and Authority aforesaid doe give and grant unto You Our said Leige Lord and Soveraigne for the causes aforesaid One other Subsidy that is to say Of and for every short Woollen cloth to be exported by Your naturall borne Subjects of this your Realme and the Dominions therof called Broad cloth not exceeding twenty eight yards in length and threescore and fewer pounds in weight the summe of three shillings and fewer pence of currant English money, and of every Cloth of greater length and weight [propor£6nably'] according to the same rate, And of every other short cloth of old Drapery of lesser length and weight accounting so* many pieces to a short cloth as are limited and appointed therunto by the said booke of Rates to be likewise exported by Your said naturall borne Subjects the like summe of three shillings fewer pence and soe after that rate, and by Strangers and Aliens six shillings and eight pence for every short cloth accounted as aforesaid, which severall rates are accordingly expressed in the said booke of Rates herein after mentioned and referred unto. To have hold take enjoy and perceive the Subsidies aforesaid and every of them, and every part and parcell of them unto your Majesty from the Fower and twentieth day of June inclusively in the twelfth yeare of Your Majesties Raigne for and during Your Majesties life which God long preserve.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Wines Goods or other Merchandice wherof the Subsidies aforesaid are or shalbe due shall at any time after be shipped or putt into any Boate or Vessell to the intent to be carryed into the parts beyond the Seas, or else be brought from the parts beyond the Seas into any Port Place or Creeke of this Realme, or other your Majesties Dominions by way of Merchandize, and unshipped to be laid on Land, the Subsidy, Customes, and other Dudes due or to be due for the same not paid or lawfully tendered to the Collector therof or his Deputy with the consent and agreement of the Comptroller and Surveyor there or one of them at the least [not1] agreed with for the same in the Custome house according to the true meaning of this Act, that then from the said Fower and twentieth day of June all the same Wines Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever shall be forfeit to your Majesty, the moyety of the rate thereof to Your Majesty, and the other moyety to him or them that will seize the same or sue for the same, And that it may please your Majesty that all Merchants as well Denizens as Strangers coming into this Your Realme be well and honestly intreated and demeaned for such things as Subsidy by this Act is granted as they were in the time of Your Noble Progenitors and Predecessors without oppression to them to be done paying the Subsidies aforesaid.

And bee it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid that if any Goods or Merchandize as aforesaid of any Merchant being borne Denizen after the said fewer and twentieth day of June hath beene or at any time hereafter dureing Your Majesties life shall bee taken by any Enimies or Pirates upon the Sea; or perished in any ship or ships that shall happen to bee taken or perished dureing Your Majesties Life wherof the Subsidies and other Duties aforesaid are or shall be duely paid or agreed for as aforesaid and that duely proved before the Treasurer of England, CSmissioners of the Treasury or Cheife Baron of the Exchequer for the time being by the examination of the same Merchants if they be alive, or of their Executors or Administrators if they be dead, or by two credible Witnesses at the least swome, or other reasonable Witnisses and proofe swome, then the same Merchant or Merchants his or their Executors or Administrators shall or may newly ship in the same Port Where the goods and merchandice aforesaid were or shall be customed soe much other merchandize or goods as the same goods or merchandize are or shall be lost as aforesaid shall amount [to3] in Custome without paying of any thing for the same, soe as the same proofe be recorded and allowed of in the Court of Exchequer and certified unto the Collectors of the Customes of the Port where the same wares or merchandize are to be newly shiped without custome as aforesaid And further That every Merchant Denizen who shall hereafter shipp any goods or merchandize in any Carrack or Gaily shall pay to your Majesty all manner of Customes and all the Subsidies aforesaid as any Alien borne out of the Realme.

Provided alwayes That it shall and may be lawfull to all and every Your Subjects at his and their will and pleasure to convey and transport out of this Realme in Ships and other Vessells of any the Subjects of this Realme all and every kinde of Herrings and other Sea Fish to be taken on the Sea by any the Subjects aforesaid from or out of any Port or Harbour of this Realme to any place out of your Majesties Dominions without paying any Custome Subsidy or Poundage moneys for the same Herrings or other Fish soe carried or transported dureing your Majesties life, Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And because noe rates can be imposed upon Merchandize imported or exported by Subjects or Aliens but by comon consent in Parliament Bee it further Enacted and Declared by the Authoritie aforesaid that the rates intended by this present Act shall be the rates mentioned and expressed in one Booke of Rates intituled The Rates of Merchandize That is to say The Subsidy of Tonnage, The Subsidy of Poundage and The Subsidy of Woollen cloathes or old Draperies as they are rated and agreed on by the Commons House of Parliament sett downe and expressed in this Booke to be paid according to the Tenor of the Act of Tonnage and Poundage from the sower and twentieth day of June inclusively, in the twelfth yeare of his Majesties Raigne dureing his Majesties Life, and subscribed with the hand of Sir Harbotle Grimston Barronet Speaker of the House of Commons Which said Booke of Rates composed and agreed on by Your Majesties said Commons and alsoe every Article rule and clause therm contained shall be and remaine dureing Your Majesties Life as effectuall to all intents and purposes as if the same were included perticularly in the Body of this present Act.

.12° Car. II. c. 4.

183

And it is further Esa&ed that dureing the continuance of this present Grant where the Goods Exported or Impoited amount to the value of five pounds or more the Customers and Collectors and all other his Majestyes Officers in the several! Ports shall take and receive such Fees and noe other as were taken in the fowerth yeare of the late King James untill such time a* the said Fees shall be otherwise setled by Authorise of Parliament.

Provided alwayes that noe person or persons who after the Fower and twentieth of June in the yeare One thousand six hundred and sixty* and before the Fower and twentieth of July in the same yeare have paid received or collected any Dutyes or Customes according to the Rates used in Aprill One thousand six hundred and six tie shall be molested or any way impeached for or concerning the payment or receipt of the said Duties or any other Dutyes by this Act imposed.

And it is hereby further Declared That noe person who hath shiped any Goods since the said Fower and twentyeth of June and before the said Fower and twentyeth of July shal be lyable to the payment of any Dutyes therefore other then such as were used to be paid in the said moneth of Aprill One thousand six hundred and sixty.

Providbd alwayes And bee it Enacted [by the Authority aforesaid *] That it shall and may be lawfull for any person or persons Imediately from and after the passing of this Act to transport ship and carry out of this Kingdome or out of any Port therof by way of merchandize any of these Commodities Goods and Merchandices following That is to say Iron Armor Bandeliers Bridle-Bitts Halbert Heads and Sharps Holsters Muskets Carbines Fowling peices Phtels Kke-heads Sword or Rapier blades Sadies Snaffles Stirrops Calveskins dressed or undressed Geldings Oxen Sheepskins dressed without the Wooll* and all sorts of Manufadures made of Leather paying the respective rates appointed by this Act and noe other. Any Lawes Statutes Prohibitions and Customes to the contrary notwithstanding

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that it shall and may be lawfull imediately after the passing of this Act for any person or persons to ship carry out and transport by way of merchandize these several 1 sorts of Goods following that is to say Gunpowder when the same doth not exceed the price of five pounds the Barrell, And Wheate Rye Peas Beanes Barley Mault and Oates (2) Porke Bacon Butter Cheese Candles when the same doe not exceed in price at the Ports from whence they are laden* and at the time of their Lading these prises following that is to say Wheate the Quarter Forty shillings, Rye Beanes and Pease the Quarter Twenty sower shillings, Bailey and Mault the Quarter twenty shillings, Oates the Quarter Sixteene shillings, Beefe the Barrall Five pounds, Porke the Barrel Six pounds ten shillings, Bacon the pound six pence, Butter the Barrel Fower pounds ten shillings. Cheese the hundred One pound ten shillings. Candles the dozen pound Five shillings paying the respective rates appointed by this Act and noe more. Any former Law, Statute, Prohibition or Custome to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Provided alwayes That it shall be free and lawfull for his Majesty at any time when he shall see cause soe to doe, and for such time as shall be therin expressed by Proclamation to prohibit the [transportation1] of Gunpowder or any sort of Arms or Ammunition into any parts out of this Kingdome. Any tiling in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That over and above the rates herein before mentioned there shall be paid unto your Majesty of every Tun of Wine of the growth of France Germany Portugal! or Madera brought into the Port of London or elsewhere the summe of three pounds currant English money within the space of Nine moneths after the importing. And of every Tun of all other Wines brought in as aforesaid the summe of Fower pounds of like currant money within the space of Nine moneths after the importing thereof. For the payment of which dutyes accordingly the Importer shall give good Security, And if any of the said Wines for which the addi£6nall Duty in this clause mentioned, is paid, or secured at the Importation be exported within twelve moneths after their Importation, then the aforesaid addic&nall Duty in this clause mentioned shall be returned, or the security discharged as to soe much as shall be soe exported. And if at the Importation the Importer shall pay for the same ready money he shall be allowed after the rate of Ten per Cent for a yeare.

And be it further Enacted That from and after the said Fower and twentyeth day of July all manner of Wines whatsoever to be imported into the Port of London or elsewhere shall be freed and discharged of and from the Imposition of Excise.

Provided and it is hereby Declared and Enacted That the prizage of Wines or Prise-Wines ought not to pay Tonnage or Custome, and shall not be charged with the payment of any Custome, Subsidy or summe of money imposed upon Wines by this Act or any thing therin contained.

VII.

In what Case the Feet of the Custom Officers to be at in Jac. I.

VIII. Proviso for such as paid before the 24th July 1660.

IX.

Proviso for Persons having shipped Goods before the

said 24th July.

X.

Goods described which may be exported immediately after the passing this Act.

XI.

Goods which may be exported being at certain Prices.

His Majesty- by Proclamation may prohibit transporting Gunpowder Ac.

An additional Subsidy upon Wines, French, &c. imported,

*£3* per Ton. other Wines ^4.

y

Importer.

The said additional Subsidy to be repaid upon Exportation. Allowance on Payment of Duties in ready Money.

xiii.

All Wines imported discharged of Excise.

XIV. Prisage Wines not to pay any Tonnage or Subsidy.

1 interlined on the Roll.

• Beife 0•

9 transporting 0.

t^.

184

12" Cab. II. c.4

A.D. 1660.

Har: Grimston Barronct Speaker of the House of Commons.

(*) THE RATES OF MERCHANDIZE That is to say The Subsidy of Tonnage The Subsidy of Poundage and The Subsidy of Wollen Cloths or Old Drapery as they are rated & agreed on by the Comons House of Parliament sett downe & exprest in this Booke to bee paid according to the Tenor of the Act of Tonnage and Poundage from the Four 8c twentieth Day of June [inclusively*] in the twelveth Yeare of his Ma* Raigne, during his Ma0* Life,

Har: Grimston Barronet

Speaker of the House of Commons.

THE RATES OF MERCHANDIZES.

That is to say The Subsidy of Tonnage The Subsidy of Poundage & Die Subsidy of Wollen Clothes or Old Drapery as they are rated & agreed on by the Comons House of Parliament set downe 8c expressed in this Booke to bee paid according to the Tcnor of the Act of Tonnage 8c Poundage from the four 8c twentieth Day of June inclusively in the Twelveth Yeare of his Ma,lft Raigne, during his Mat!t* Life.

iiij d.

XV s.

iij s. viij d. viij s. iiij. d.

X 8.

vij 3.

js-

vj d.

- uj s.

A.

Aozes for Coopers the dozen - - xijs.

Aggetta small as a Beane the hundred dozen xiij s.

Aggetf large the peece - - - vjd.

AJphabett? the sett conteyning xxiiij - vs.

Allom the hundred weight conteyning^ cxij ii.

Alpisti or Canary seed ye hundred weight \... conteyning cxij ti. - • - J

rthc pound -Amber. < the mast conteyning ij fi. \

[Beatles the pound Anchoves the little barrell

Andirons / or ^rcePersI*att*n I*

I of Iron the paire

Andlet? or Mayles the pound Anvills the hundred weight conteyning 7 cxij li. - - - J

Anneile of Barbary the pound - - j a. vj d.

Annotto the pound - - - j s.

' the bushell - iiij d.

the barrell conteyning 3 bushell j s. vocal Pippins or Rinnet? the\j;. bar11 9I 3 bushells / J

4 . C the barrell - - - ii li. xiij s. iiij d.

quavitx hogshead - iiij ti.

Argali white 8c red or powder the hundred 7 . ^ ».

weight conteyning cxij ti. - - j * * ' *

Armour old the hundred weight 9I cxij ti. j ti Arrowes for trunkes the groce 9I xij dozen vj s. viij d.

{Potashes the barrell conteyning \. j. two hundred pound weight - y Wood or Sope ashes the last' coni xij Barrells Aule blades the thousand Aulgers for Carpen?s the groce Axes or hatchet? the dozen

B.

Apples

r"

v s.

- xiij s.

* j*.

- vj s. viij

iiij d.

Babies or Puppet? for children the groce \ ..

coni xij dozen - - - J

Babyes head? of earth the dozen - xiij s. iiij d.

All other toyes for children to pay sixteen pence in twenty shilling? value f of Ireland the Flitch of Westphalia and Hambrough Bacon ^ or the like the hundred weight coni one hundred and twelve pound?

=}

j ti. vj s. viij d.

rgreat the hundred coni exx Balkes < middle the hundred 9I exx ^ small the hundred 9I exx * wth lockes the dozen

vthout lock? y*

Baggs

C wth

L d

r

xij ti. v ti.

ij ti.

ij ti. viij

•teele rings dozen

}j »j»-

viij d.

xiij s. iiij d. xjs. ijd.

Balls

voc

•Gold Ballances the groce coni 7 .

, xij dozen paire -Ballances I ^ r» n vocal < Ounce Ballances the groce

| coni xij dozen paire [ the sort coni dozen - iij ti,

/•Tennis balls the thousand - ij ti.

Washing balls the groce coni |.

[ xij dozen - - - 3

Bandeliers the hundred coni five score - xvjs. viijd. Band string? the dozen knott? - - x s.

{Flanders band? of bone lace the 7 .

band - - - Jx ,u

Band? cut worke of Flaunders 1 .

or any other countrey -J*

Bankers of Verdure the dozen peices - iiij ti.

Barbers aprons or cheekes the peece not 7 ..........

above term jrardf - - j xiy s. uij d.

Barling? the hundred coni exx • - j ti. xiij s. iiij d.

Barlie tfid. Come

Barillia or Saphcra to make glasse the 7 * ^ barrell coni two hundred weight - - 3

Baskett rodd? the bundle - - - vj s.

Basket? vocal hand basket? or sport? the dozen -

Bast

Bast-

ropes

viij d.

e 7..............

_ y uj s. uij d.

- j s. iiij d. vj s. viij d. j ». vj d. vj d.

VIIJ s.

ix ti.

Basons of Lattin the pound

{or straw hat? knotted the dozen or straw hat? plaine the dozen r the rope -

J the bundle cont ten ropes [the hundred weight coni cxij ti.

Battry Bashrones or Kettles the hundred 7 weight coni cxij ti. - J

Bayes of Florence p yard - - - j ti.

"Amber the pound - - xs.

of Bone the great groce cont xij 1 .

small groce - - - J J u

of Box the great groce - j ti.

of Corrall the pound - - x s.

of Christall the thousand • iij ti. of Glasse 8c Wood all sort? the ) great groce - - -)x

of Jasper sqnare the hundred stones ij ti. Beaupers the peece conteyning xxiiij or! ... xxv yar£? - - - jJTl*

rof Ireland or Scotland the bar11 j ti. ®ee^c j or Porke of Ireland or Scotland

Beades

of

vs.

x s.

x s.

V 8.

per tonne

>?}vjti.

> This Book of Rates is not entered upon the Roll, but is printed from the Original in the Parliament Office. From its form (being a bound Book) it could not be rolled up with the Original Act, but it was found in the same Press with the Acts of this Year.

* interlined.

12° Cab. II. c. 4

185

"Hawkcs belli French making the 3 dozen paire - - 3

BeUi

vocal

VI.

Hawkei bells Norembrough making 1 .. the dozen paire - - j 3

Hone belli the small groce con- 7 teaming xij dozen - -3

Doggs bells the small'groce coni'!. . xij dozen - - /* *

Morrice belli the small groce coni \

>vs.

j»-

- j ti. xiij i. iiij d.

- iij s. iiij d.

- j ti.

|jti. vis. viij.d.

iiij d.

Boratoes or Busnbazines

xij dozen Clapper Bells the pound Bell mettall the hundred weight coni cxij ii.

Bellows die payre Bitts for Bridles the dozen

Bbcking or Lwtplacke the hundred weight j ^ j. cool cxij II. - - - J 3

{Paris mantles coloured the mantle

Paris mantles or others uncoloured the mantle pBarrell bordf the hundred coni cxx v s.

I Clapbordf the hundred coni cxx- - xvs.

jjoortj£ I Past boordf for bookes the thousand xiij s.

vocal ] Pipe bordf or pipe holt the hundred \.

coni cxx boordf - - y

I White boordf for Shoemakers the 1

L boord - - -P*-

Bodkins the small groce conteyning xij dozen vj s. viij d. Bomsparrs the hundred coni cxx - j ti. xiij s. iiij d.

narrow the single peece not 3

I above xv yards -3

broade the single peece not 3 •.

above xv yard* -

of Silke the yard vid. Silk, the basket or maund coni eight 3 • .

bales or two fatte - - j V"j h

the fatt coni halfe a maund - iiij ti.

Bosses for Bridles the small groce conteyn- 3 . j.

ing twelve dozen - - j ’

Botanoes p peece - - xi.

~of Earth or Stone the dozen - vs.

of Glass covered w*h Wicker the 3 . *.

dozen - - -ish-

of Glasse w111 vices covered w* 3 .... *• leather the dozen - - J llIJ x 8#

of Glasse uncovered the dozen - iiij s. vj d.

of Wood vocal sucking bottles the 1 . Groce coni xij dozen - - j

€ Raines the peece - - viij s.

{ the baile coni xx peeces - viij ti.

Bowes vocal stone bowes of Steele the peece x 8.

Bowe staves the hundred conteyning six score j...

Fire or Tinder boxes the groce coni 3 . j. xii dozen boxes - - H

Bookes

unbound

C

Bottles

Boulteli

staves

Boxes

xij dozen boxes - - JJ

Nest boxes the groce conteyning 1... *• xij dozen nests - 7 "jV*-

Pepper boxes the groce coni dozen boxes

‘j*-

Spice boxes the dozen - - vj s.

Round boxes or French boxes for 3 .*...

Marmalade or Jelly the dozen - J U,J 8* d*

Sand boxes the groce coni xij dozen j ti.

Sope boxes the Shocke coni three- 3..,. score boxes - J ^ l*

Touch boxes covered wA leather the \ ... dozen - - - jHI

Touch boxes covered w,h velvett the 1 dozen - - -/XV8‘

Touch boxes of Iron or other mettall 1 . ^ ffuilt the dozen - - J *

guilt the dozen - - J

Tobacco boxes the groce conteyning \ ^ xij dozen - - - J

N«Uu« 1 K"? tl* F°" coni

bundles or dickers - / J

xs.

Brasse

Laver Cockes the pound Pile weights the pound

j s. iiij d.

j»*

xij s.

X s.

Brushes

vocal

he 3 .........

_ y xuj s. mj d.

j Trumpetf the dozen ^ Lamps the dozen Bricke stones vid* Earthen Ware Bridles the dozen - - - j ti.

Brouches of Lattin or Copper the groce con.} .. teyning xij dozen - - -j J

Bearde brushes the groce coni 1 . , ..

xij dozen - - -r1*- T jd-

of Heath course the dozen • iij s.

of Heath fine or head brushes 1 . ...

the dozen - -

of Haire called head brushes 3 . ...

y* dozen - -

of Heath called rubbing brushes 3 .

the dozen -

of haire called comb brushes the groce coni xij dozen of hayre called weavers brushes 3 the dozen - - J v ’

of haire called rubbing brushes 3......

L the dozen - -

Brimstone the hundred weight coni cxij ii - vj s. viij d. Bristles / rou8^ or undrest the dozen pound v s.

I drest the dozen pound - - x 8.

"of Germany or fine per peece - xs. of the East countrey the roule or 3 halfe peece - - JV 8*

Buckrams*' of French making the dozen 3 .. «• peeces - - - J

vocal Carricke Buckrams the 3 j.

short peece - - J 3

rfoi Girdles the small groce coni xij 7 . j.

Buckles< dozen - - -Jj

Lfor Girths the groce coni xij dozen vij s. vj d.

Buffins /'narrow the single peece not 7..

Mocadoes I above fifteene yards - J ,l

& Lile J broade the single peece not above 3 •

Grogran. I lv

Bugasines or C&llico Buckrams j* \ peece - vs.

r great the pound - - iiij s.

Bugle < small or seed Bugle j* pound - vj s. viij d.

L Lace the pound • - viij s.

Bullions for purses the groce contayning xij 3 dozen - - - 3

Bulrushes the loade - - - xx s.

Burrs for Mil stones the hundred conteyning 3 j. j.

five score - - 3

Buskins of Leather the dozen payre - iiij ti.

Bustians the single peece not above fifteen 3 .. ^ yards - - - 3 J

rthe barrell - - j ti.

Butter < 0£ Ireland the hundred weight coni 3 x ^ cxij ti. - - - 3

-of Brasse Steele Copper or Lattin

y* great groce coni xij small >ijti. xiij s. iiij d. groce every groce xij dozen - J

of Cristall the dozen - - viij s.

of Glasse the great groce conf xij 1 . h- ., vi;. d small groce - - 33 J 3

of thred the great groce coni xij 3 . .• small groce - - 3 J

of silke the great groce coni xij 7 « ^ small groce - - J 3

of fine damaske worke y* dozen - j ti. of Bugle the dozen - - j s. iiij d.

for Handkirchirs the groce coni 3 .....

xij dozen - - - j U,J

,of Haire the groce coni xij dozen iiij s.

C.

’ or Countores small the peece - ij ii.

or Countores large the peece - iiij ti Cables tard or untard the hundred weight 3

coni One hundred & xij ti. - - J XUJ 8*

Caddus or Cruel Ribbon the dozen peeces 3

every peece coni xxxvj yards - - j 3

Buttons

Cabinets

iiij d.

3»

186

12° Car. II. c. 4

A.D. 1660.

Calves skins in the hayre the peece - xd.

Cambogium vid. Druggy.

Camaletto halfe silke halfe haire the yard - x s.

Candles of Tallow the pound > - iij d.

Candle plates or Wallers of Brasse ot Lattin 7 . ,

the pound - - _ j J *• n»j d.

Candlesticks i of Bra88e 0r LiUin P°und j • '"j d-I of wyre the dozen - - vj s. viij d.

Candleweeke the hundred weight coni cxij ti iij ti. x s.

Callicoes fine or course the peece - - x s.

Canes or Reed? the thousand - - ij ti. x s.

Canes of € the dozen - iiij s.

Wood J the shocke coni sixty canes - j ti.

Cant spam the hundred coni six score - j ti. xiij s. iiij d.

Capers the pound - - - vj d.

Capravens the hundred coni six score - iij ti. xiij s. iiij d. Capp hookes or hooke end? the groce coni 1 xr 8 xij dozen - - -)

'‘double turfed or Cockered Capps the dozen

Capps

vocal

8 ij ti. viij s.

for children the dozen - - j ti.

Night caps of Sattin & Velvet the 7 ..

dozen - - - 3

Night caps of Silke knitt the dozen iiij ti.

Cards

vocal

Carpetts

Night caps of wollen the dozen • j«-

wNight caps of Linnen the dozen - viij s.

r-PJaying Card? the groce coni xij 1 j dozen payre - - j [vjti.

J Woll card? [old *] the dozen ' I VI s.

j paire - - - ' fJ

LWool cards new the dozen paire X s.

"of Tonny the peece coni two yard? & an nalfe long Jjii. m.

of Scotland the peece xiij s. iiij d.

of Comix the Carpet coni 2 yard? " l 1 Ii v a.

& an halfe long f J ill f

Brunswicke Carpet? stript & un-

stript the peece }x.

China of Cotton course the peece iiij s. Gentish the dozen - - iij ti.

Turkey or Venice short the peece jti. x s.

Turkey or Venice long coni four yard? & upward

_of Persia the yard square the yard Carrells the peece coni xv yard?

of No. 3 & 4 the dozen I of No. 5 & 6 the dozen

Cases for looking glasses guilt.

Cases for looking glasses unguilt.

Cases

viij ti.

ij ti. v s. j ti. vi s. viij d. iiij s. vij s.

of No. 7 & 8 the dozen - x s.

0fthe‘Len,C> & K. xiij*. iiij d.

"of No. 3 & 4 the dozen - ij s. of No. 5 & 6 the dozen - iij s. vj d. of No.7 & 8 the dozen - vs. of No. 9 & 10 the dozen xvj s. viij d. wlb wooden Combs garnished the 1 . dozen - - -{l11-

"theTozelr0'7 ga™W,e* J j ii. vj *. viij d.

with middle sort Ivory garnished the dozen

wth large Ivory Combes garnished j ».. j.

the dozen - - - j U1J l#

for Combs single the groce coni 7 . j. xij dozen - - - 3 J I#

for Combs double the groce coni |. xij dozen - ’

gUUt. Ae re COnI jj«- *)«• viij d.

for Spectacles unguilt the groce j ji;. g

Combes 7 .. u

nt 7 .. *.

. j »j

coni xij dozen

for Needles or Pin cases y« groce 7 ... coni xij dozen - - j J 8*

for Needles Frence guilt y* dozen v s. Cattle f Imported from Ireland into England 7 greate \ a peece after ye rate of

iiij d.

T .}ij«- *8-

Casketts

Cawles

4

1 'of Iron small the dozen - - j li. x s.

of Iron middle sort the dozen gti. viij s-of Iron large the dozen - - iij IS.

of Steele the dozen - - vj ti.

Caveare the hundred weight coni cxij ti. - j ti.

€ of Linnen for women the dozen viij s.

( of Silke the dozen - - j ii. vj s. viij d.

Ceftemes of Lattin the pound - - j s. iiij d.

Chafing i of Brasse or Lattin the pound - j s. iiij d.

dishes \ of Iron the dozen - - xiij s. iiij d.

i for Keys or Purses fine the dozen viij

Chaines ^ for j^gg course the dozen - iij s. iiij d.

Chaires of Walnutt tree the peece - x s.

unwatered or Mohaire? the

{yard

waned the yard • - ▼«.

halfe silke halfe haire the yard x s.

Cheese the hundred weight coni cxij ti. - vj s. viij d.

Cherries the hundred weight coni cxij ti. - j ti.

Chesse bord? the dozen - - - j ti.

Chess-men the groce coni xij dozen - - xij s*

of Iron small or middle sort y* peece v ti. of Iron large the peece - - vj ti. xiij s.

| »j'

Chests

iiij d.

of Cipresse wood the nest coni *7

_ ^viij ti.

3 chest?

of Spruce or Danske the nest coni T . ^ 3 chestf - -

.painted the dozen Chimny C small the peece

backes I large the peece

China Pease the pound Chizells for Joyners the dozen Cittemes the dozen

great hundred conteyning 7 ....

xiiij small hundred -

- ij ti. vj s. viij d.

- xiij s. iiij d.

- iij s. iiij d. iiij s.

- iij ti.

the small hundred coni 6 score!

boord? - - - -JXV8‘

the Ring coni two small hundred j ti. x s. the xxmj

Claricord? the payre - - - xiij s. iiij d.

Clokes of Felt the peece - - - ij ti.

Cloth. All manner of Wollen Cloth imported ^.j. ^ x

vocal Silvester or CampeachaT. .... cocheneile the pound - j J 8* v,l

of all sort? of Cochaneile except

Silvester and Campecha Vvj s. viij d. cochaneile the pound - J

Coles of Scotland y* Tonne - - vj s. viij d.

covered wth gilt leather the dozen ij ti. covered wth Velvett the dozen - iiij ti. wth Iron barrs the nest 3 coffers

Clapholt or

Clapboord

pyard

Cochaneile

Coffers.

coni 1 ..

Xljf.

Combes.

xnj s. xvj s. iiij ti. vs. iiij s. X s.

iiij d.

plaine [yel] nest coni iij coffers -, painted the nest coni three coffers Comashes out of Turkey the peece

rfor wool the paire old or new -of bone the pound of box the groce coni xij dozen vocal lightwood combes the groce 7 . ...

coni xij dozen - - j VJ 8f VUJ

of home for Barbors the dozen ij s. of Ivory the pound - - x s.

vocal Horse Combes the dozen iiijs. Comfetts the pound - - - ij s.

( of Iron for Carpenters the 7 .

I dozen V -jlJ8-

I of brasse the dozen ~ iiijs.

for Ships the dozen • - vij s.

"unwrought brickes or plates round or square the hundred I weight coni cxij ti. or rose f x s* Copper - - -J

Chaines the Chaine . ij s.

.purles or plate the marke - vj s.

Copras gTeen the hundred weight coni cxij ti. xv s.

Compasses

Copper.

vjd.

viij d.

12° Cab. II. c. 4

187

Cork

viij d.

Cordage or Ropes tard or untaid the hundred \

weight con! cxij ti. - • - S * * J

Cork* C of Iron the thousand - - vj 8. viij d.

Lof Steele the thousand - - j ti. xiij s. iiij d.

r for Shoemakers the dozen peeces iiij «.

{ of all other sorts the hundred "1 /

weight con! cxij ti - - /

" Wheate imported not ex- *\ ceeding the price of I t s. vjd. the Bushell >v s.

Wheat < at the place of im I portacon by the bushell j

When it shall exceed that*\ . • j

L rate by the quarter T,1J d'

["Imported not exceeding

I the price of iiij s. vj d. j the bushell at the place tiij s* iiij d. Come ^ Rye ^ of imjjortaaSn by the

when it shall exceed 7*1 yg#

.. rate by j* qter - j

'‘Imported not exceeding * the price of iij s. vj d.

Beanes the bushell at y* place Viij ». iiij d.

Barly < of importacon by y*

Mault bushell

When it shall exceed that 1

L rate by y* quart' - J Coverletf of Scotland the peece - - xv s.

Counters of Lattin the pound - - j s.

f Lathes the pound - - viij d.

Crosbowf. J Thred the pound - - ?iij d.

(. Rackes the peece - - x s.

Cruses of Stone w^out covers the C con! five 1

— . . . -fx*'

w* covers the hundred cont J . M yj 4< riij d.

score

Cruses of stone five score

Cushons of Scotland the dozen

Cushon C course the dozen

c*otk# 1 of Tapestry the dozen

Cuttle bones the thousand

D.

Daggs wlh fire lockes or Snaphances the peece

"blades the dozen - -

for children the dozen

of bone for children the dozen

blacke wth velvet sheathes the dozen -

gilt w,h velvett sheaths the dozen "Meabro deales die hundred con! six score

Daggers.

Desks

Dialls

Norway deales the hundred con! Deales . * *>re

vocal ] Bur[g‘]endorp deales the hun-

con! six score Spruce deales the hundred cont six score

"or stayes for bookes the dozen for women to worke upon covered w,h wollen the peece for women covered w01 velvet ^ the peece

{of wood the dozen of bone the dozen Dimitty the yard -

Doggs of earth the groce con! xij dozen

f-w1* caddas the peece con! xv yards w* silke the peece con! xv yard? wlh woll the peece con! xv yards w* thred the peece con! xv yards French making the ell _ French making the yard Dudgeon the hundred peeces con! five score Durance or j wth thread the yard Dumty f w<b *Uke the yard

X s.

ij ti. x s.

iiij ti. x s.

j ti. vj. s. viij d.

jii.

j ti. vj a. viij d. iiij s. ij s.

iiij ti.

Jiiijfi.

i-

jxijfi.

I XV ii.

iiij s.

}■

b

vs.

Dornix

• x s.

iijs. xijs. iij s. iiij ti. jti. xs. ijti. j ti. vs. j«.

ij s. vj d. ijs. j«.

vjs. viijd. xs.

Dutties the peece - - - j to.

Accacia the pound - iiij s.

Accorus the pound - - j $.

Adyanthum Album the pound - viij d.

Adianthum Nigrum the pound - yj J.

Agaricusor Agarick trim’d or pared 1... thenound -

Druggs*

vocaf

J»-

j

yj s. viij d. iiij u

vs

- IJ*.

the pound - - J

Agaric us rough or untrimbd y* pd Agnus Castus seeds the pound -Alkanet rootes the pound

Alkernes j Sirupe the pound -I Cornett to the ounce

Aloes Sicotrima the pound

Aloes Epatica the pound

AJlum Romish or Roch the hun- 'i dred conteyning one hundred Sc > j ti. twelve pounds - - J

Ambergreece black or gray the *1 ..... ounce Troy - - J Tl*

Ameos seed the pound - viij d.

Amomy seed the pound - viij d.

Anacardium the pound - iij s. iiij d,

Angellica the pound - - j s.

Antimonium crudum the hundred 1 weight con!cxij li - .j) "*

Antimonium Sparatum or Stibium 7 ...

the pound - -jv,Jd

Argentum Sublime or limum the pound or Quicksilver

Aristolochia longa & rotunda the 7......

pound - - -$J»- ,uJd

Arsnicke white or yellow or Rose- 7 .... , alger the pound - - J u,j

Asatum rootes the pound

Aspalathus the pound

Assafoetida the pound

Almondf bitter the hundred con! cxij ti

Alumen plume the pound

Balastium the pound

Balsamum artificial! the pound

Balsamum naturaJl the pound

Baybenries the hundred Sc xij ti

Barley hul’d or French barley the

cxij ti

be "I ..

. j nJ 8*

- J

- j s. vj d.

• j s. ij d.

1'} ‘jfi-

* j»-

- ij *. vj d. iij 8. iiij d. x s.

- xiijs. iiij d.

!}itL

vjd.

be ] ..

Bdellium the pound - - jj s.

Ben album or rubrum ye pound - ij s.

Benjamin of all sorts the pound - vs.

Bezor stone of the East India the ounce Troy

Bezor stone of the West India the 7 ounce Troy - - 5 *

Blacke lead the cxij ti - - j ti. x s.

Blatta Bizantia the pound - ij s.

Bolus edmunis or Armoniacus the 7 . ...

hundred weight 9! cxij ti - J #* VUJ

Bolus verus the pound or fine Bole viij d.

Borax in past or unrefined cdmonly 7......

called Tinkull the pound - J *" IUJ

Borax refined the pound - xiij *. iiij d.

Bunkins or Holliworsles or pisto- 7 ..

lachia the pound - - j *J s* VJ

Callamus the pound viij d.

Camphire refined the pound vs.

Camphire unrefined the pound - ij $. vj d.

Cancri occulus the pound iiij s.

Cantharides the pound V 8.

Carraway seeds the cxij ti j ti. iiij s.

Cardamons the pound iij s.

Carpo balsami the pound iiij s.

Carrabe or Succinum the pound - J9-

Carthamus seeds the pound viij d.

Cassia fistula the pound of ali sorts j ». vj d.

-Cassia lignea the pound j s. viij d.

1 interlined.

188

12° Cab. II. c. 4

A.D. 1660.

Drugs

roca?

fCastorium or Bcver cod? y• pound x s.

Cerussa the hundred 8c xij ti - j ti. x s.

China rootes the pound - vj s. viij d.

Cicere8 white 8c red the pound - vj d.

Ciprus long us 8c rotundus the cxij ti j ti. xiij s. iiij d.

Ciprus Nut? the pound - - viij d.

Civett the ounce Troy - - ij ti.

Coculus Indiz the pound - ij s.

Coloquintida the pound - ij s.

Corail white or red in fragment? I.......

foT phisicall uses the pound - j llJ 8* M,j

Corail whole the pound - j ti.

Coriander seed? the cxij ti - j ti.

Cortex quaci the cxij ti - iij ti.

Cortex Caperum the pound - j s.

Cortex Tamerisci the pound - viij d.

Cortex Mandragorz the pound - ij 8.

Coscui dulcis and amarus the pound j B. viij d.

Cubebs the pound - - j s. iiij d.

Cumin seed the cxij ti - j ti xiij s. iiij d.

Cuscuta the pound - js.

Cyclamen or pan is porcinus the

pound b J1)

Citrago the pound - j8;

Cetrach the pound - js.

Cinabrum or Vermillion the pound ij 8. vj d.

r white the hundred 8c' ^ijti.

Copra J twelve pound * J blew of Dansk or Hun-

v gary the cxij ti JXIJB.

Cambogium or Gutta Gambz y* pound - - • J’iijs. iiij d

Christall in broken peeces for phi-' iij s. iiij d.

sicall uses the pound

Carlina the pound - j

Carolina the pound - iiij d.

J Cortex winteranus the pound - viij d.

Daucus Creticus the pound - iiij B.

Diagredium or Scamony the pound j ti-

r leaves the pound . js.

Diptamui. rootet the pound - j 8. vjd.

Doronicum the pound - ij s. vj d.

Eleborus albus 8c niger y* pound viij d.

Epithemum the pound - js.

Eb ustum the pound - j 8. iiij d.

Euphorbium the pound - viij d.

Fennell seed? the pound - vj d.

Fenugreekc the cxij ti - XV 8.

Flory the pound - ijs.

Folium Indiz the pound - V. 8.

Fox lungs the pound - iij 8.

Frankincense of France or Par rosin 1 Hi•

the cxij ti

Galbonum the pound • j ». vj d.

Gallanga the pound - j 8. vj d.

Generali the pound - j s. iiij d.

Gentiana the pound - vjd.

Guiny pepper the pound - js.

Grana Pinz the pound - js.

Green ginger the pound ijs.

Gum Animi the pound . js.

Gum Armoniack the pound JS-

Gum Caranns the pound iiij 8.

Gum Tragagant the pound j.s.

Gum Elemni the pound x d.

Gum Hederz the pound iiij 8.

Gum Lack the pound js.

Gum Opopanax the pound vj s. viij d.

Gum Sarcocol the pound j s. vj d.

Gum Serapinum the pound Segapemum "3 jj*. vjd.

Gum Tacchamahaccz the pound iiij 8.

Druggs

vocat

‘Grana Tin&orum the pound - ij •. vj d. GrainesofGuiny or FrenchGraines I ... the cxij ti - - 3 ? ’

Gum Arabeck or Gum Seneca the!. ^ cxij ti - - - j ^ '

Gum Sand rack or Gum Juniperi \

X 8.

XB.

the cxij ti

_ j j ti. wiij b.

Gum Guiaci the pound - iiij 8.

Gum Caramen the pound - vjd.

Hermoda&ilus the pound - ijs.

Hypocistis the pound - ij b.

Hornes of Hart? or Stage? the 7 .

hundred _ jj n. x 8.

Incense or Olibanum the cxij ti - v ti.

Ireos the cxij ti - ijti. xs.

Isinglass the cxij ti - vli.

Juj ubes, the pound - j».

Jolop the pound - iiij 8.

Juniper berries the cxij ti - j«.

Labdamum or Lapadomum the 1

pound

Lapis Calaminaris the cxij ti - xvj 8. viij <3

Lapis Hematitis the pound - j«*

Lapis Judaicus the pound - j*-

Lapis Lazuli the pound xs.

Lapis Tutiz the pound - j*-

rof Roses the pound - j®.

Leaves \ of Violet? or Flowers 1 ..

the pound _ fvuja.

Lintiscus or Xilobalsamum i the 7 . ...

pound _ j j 8. vuj d.

Lignum Aloes the pound xs.

Lignum Asphaltum the pound - js.

Lignum Rhodium the cxij ti - x 8,

Lignum vitz the cxij ti - XI.

Lithrage of gold the cxij ti - xij 8.

Lithrage of silver the cxij ti - xs.

Locust the pound - j s. iiij d.

Lupines the cxij ti - XB.

Lentills the pound - iij d.

Lapis contragerva the ounce - vs.

Lignum Nepheticum the pound - iiij 8.

Madder Rootes or Rubea Tine-1

torum the pound ./J8-

Manna the pound - ijs. vjd.

Marmalade the pound - j®-

Masticke white the pound - iij 8. iiij d.

Masticke red the pound - js.

Mechoacan the pound - ijs. vjd.

Mercury sublimate the pound - iij s.

Mercury przcipitat the pound - vj s. viij d.

Methridate Venetiz the pound - X 8.

Millium solis the pound - js.

Mirabolons dry the pound - i8-

Mirabolons condited the pound j s. viij d.

Mertle berries the pound - js.

Mummia the pound - j®.

Muske the ounce Troy - ijti.

Musk Codd? the dozen - ij ti.

Mirrha the pound -• "j

Nigella the pound - viij d.

Nitrum the pound - ij8-

Nutmegs condited the pound - iiij s.

Nux de Benn the pound - js.

Nux Cupressi the pound - viij d.

Nux Indica the peece - vjd.

Nux Vomica the pound - viij d.

Nux Pini, or Grana Pini y« pound j s.

Nardus Celtica or Spica Romana 7 .

the hundred and twelve pound jvn. xij s.

Opiam the pound - X 8.

Olibanum or Incense the cxij ti - v ti.

Osipium Huirredum the pound - vj d.

12° Car. II. c.4.

189

Drugs

vocal

"Orcant or Almiet the pound Oringe f Oyntment the pound Rower \ Water the gallon Origanum the pound Ossa de Corde Cerri the pound Oyle of Amber the pound Oyle of Rosemary the pound Oyle de Bay the cxij ti Oyle of Mace orNutmeg? y* pound Oyle de Benn y* pound Oyle of Spike the pound Oyle of Almond? the pound Oyle of Scorpions the pound Oleum Petrolium the pound Oleum Turpentine the pound Orabus the pound Oipement Auripigmentum hundred Sc twelve pound

i*-

ij s. yj d.

V 8.

viij d.

X s. viij 8. ij ti. vjs.

yj s.- viij d. j 8. viij d.

j8-

ij s. viij cl* j s. viij d. vjd. yj d.

Panther the pound - - iiijti.

Panis porcinus vid. Cyclamen.

Pearle beaten the ounce Troy iij s. iiij d.

Pellitory the pound vjd.

Pepper long the pound js.

Perrosin vid. Frankincense

Pyony seed? the pound viij d.

Pistachias or Nux Pistachiz the1 Vis.

pound r

Pix Burgondiz the cxij ti XV s.

Polium Montanum the pound viij d.

Polipodum the pound iiij d.

Pomegarnet pills the cxij ti ijti.

Poppy seed the pound viij d.

Precipitate vid. Mercury pcipitate

Psyllium the pound viij d.

Prunellais or Pruans of Brunolia* lu

the pound r

Quicksilver vide Argentu vivum

Raponticum the pound xiij s. iiij d.

Radex Esule the pound j

Red lead the cxij ti xvj s. viij d.

Rhabarbarum or Rubarb y* pound jti.

Rosalger the pound vide Arsenick

Rosset the pound yj d.

Radex contra yerva the pound iij s. iiij d.

Radex Score ionera the pound iij s. iiij d.

Radex Peonm the pound viij d.

Sal Alkali the pound iiij s.

Sal Armoniacum the pound j s. viij d.

Salgem the pound viij d.

Sal Niter the pound j 8. vj d.

Sandracha or Gum Sandracha or 1

Gum Juneperi the cxij ti - j ti. viij s.

Sandiver the cxij ti xs.

Sanguis draconis the pound iij s. iiij d.

Sarsaperilla the pound iij s. iiij d.

Sarsafrax Wood or Rootes j* cxij ti in

Saunders white the pound j«-

Saunders yellow the pound ij 8.

ti.

Saunders red alias stocke the hundred Sc twelve pound Scamony vide Diagredium Scincus Marinus the peece Scordium the pound Scorpions the peece Sebestines the pound Seed? for Gardens of all sort? y*\ ^.j. j pound - - - J ’ ’

Seise Montan us the pound - viij d.

Semen Cucumeris Cucurb citfon\ ... . melon the nound - . f V,J

. iiijcL

- vjd.

- iij d.

- js.

melon the pound Sena the pound

■ J - ijs.

vj d.

Drugg

vocal

~Sordonella the pound viij d.

Sperma cacti fine the pound - vs.

Sperma cacti course oylv the hun-1

dred 8c twelve pound . j Mli

Spica celtica vide Nardus Celdca

or Spica Romana.

Sanguis Hirci the pound - js.

Spicknard the pound vj s. viij d.

Spodium the pound - js. vjd.

Spunges the pound • iij s. iiij d.

Squilla the cxij ti - j ti. vs.

Squinanthum the pound - iij s. iiij d.

Stecadoes the pound - x d.

Staphisager the cxij ti - ij tL

Stibium vide Antimonium j^>; aratu

Storax Calamita the pound - vs.

Storax Liquida the pound - js.

Succus Liquoritiz the pound - js.

Sulphur vivum the pound - viij d.

Tamarindes the pound - xd.

Terra Lemnia the pound - vs.

Terra Sigillata the pound - iij s.

Thlaspii semen the pound - j s.

Torasal the pound - viij d.

Torcisci de Vipera the ounce Troy v s.

Triacle comon the pound - ijs.

Triacle of Venice the pound - X ft.

Turbith the pound - vs.

Turbith Thapsiz the pound - ij s.

Turmericke the pound - js.

Turpentine of Venice Sdo Ciprus y* pound

Turpentine Comon the cxij ti

Talke white the pound

Talke green the pound

Verdigrece the pound

Vemish the cxij ti

Vermillion vid, Cinabrum

Vitr[i‘]olumRomanum the pound

Umber the hundred weight coot) . K cxij ti - - -jJh-

Viscus quercinus the pound

White lead the cxij ti

Wormeseed? the pound

Zedoaria the pound

Xilobalsamum vide Lentiscus

All Drug? imported directly from the place

of theire groweth in English built Shipping to

bee rated one third part of what is charged in

the Booke of Rates Sc no more,

*J>js. viijd.

- X 8.

- vjd.

- ijs.

- j s. viij d.

- ij*.

!»•

tllj s.

jii.

iij s. iiij d. iij s. pij d.

- jti.

- jti.

£.

Earlingf the Groce coni xij dozen

Brickstones by the thousand Flaunders Tile to scower the thousand

Earthen I Gally Tile* the Foote . j ».

Ware. \ Paving Tiles the ioooo. - iij ti.

Tiles called Pann Tiles the thou- \ ....

.and - - -r"jh-

All other sorts of Earthen Ware^v not particularly mentioned to I. . j

pay for every twenty shilling? jJ * value - - -J

Egg? the hundred conteyning six score - j s. viij d.

Elephant? teeth the hundred coni cxij ti - iiij ti.

Emery stones the hundred weight coni one ) .... hundred Sc xij ti - -

Ebony wood the hundred weight coni a hun- 1. dred Sc twelve pound? - - - J J

3C

190

12° Car. II. c. 4.

J.2X1660.

F.

Fanns

- vj s. viij d.

- yj s. viij d.

Frenchlijti.

Flax.

VOC

{For Come the peece of Paper the dozen for women and children

making the dozen - - 3

ffor bed? the hundred conf cxij ti yj ti.

I To££stridge, or Ostridge Feathers 1.

Feathers < undrest the pound - - V

I Estridge or Ostridge drest y* I -

L pound - - - 3

Feather bed? old or new the peece - ij ti. xiij s. iiij d.

Felt? for Cloakes French making three yard? •'t & halfe long one yard & halfe broade the >iiij ti.

Felt - - -J

Fiddles for Children the dozen - - iiij s.

Fire shovells the dozen - - xiij •. iiij d.

Fire shovell plates the hundred weight conf 1 j

one hundred and twelve pound - - 3 J

Figuretto the yard - - - viij s. iiij d.

Files the groce coni xij dozen - - ij ti.

"Codd fish the barrell - - xiij s. iiij d.

Codfish the last conteyning xij \ .»^ barrel Is - - -3 '

Codfish the hundred coni six score ij ti. vj s. viij d.

Cod shea of the barrell - - iij s. iiij d.

Cole fish the hundred coni 6 score j ti.

fPimper Eeles the barrell j ti.

Shaft Kine or Dole Eeles \

the barrell _ j-j n. x».

Spruce Eeles the barr0 - ij ti.

Stubb Eeles the barru - ij ti. vj s. viij d.

Quicke Eeles the Shipps 1____

lading -

Gull Fish the barrell - - vj s. viij d.

Haddockes the barrell - vj s. viij d.

"white full or shot ten 7 ... ...

the barrell ...jd,

white full or shotten 1

j€ last coni xij bar11? 3 v

red the cade coni five 7 ..

hundred . } •- .»J

rede*«$lMt conl "jyiijti. yj».

Lamprills the peece - - j s.

Lingf of all none the hundred conf 1 .jj . f d six score - - j J *

"fish small the hundred 1 coni six score - 3

Spruce Moscovy 8c all Flax undrest^ the hundred weight conteyning >j ti. cxij ti - J

drest or wrough flax the hundred 7 cent cxij ti - - j fc*

Fleames to let blood the peece - - ij d.

Flockes the hundred weight coni cxij ti r ij ti.

Flutes course the groce coni xij dozen - j ti. Freeze of Ireland the yard - - ixd.

Frizado the peece coni twenty four yards - viij ti.

Annins the Timber coni forty skins ij ti.

Fish

voc

Eeles a voc

Herrings 4

d.

viijd.

Newland

fish middle sort the ! . ^ hundred conf 6 score 3 J fish great the hundred 1 . x # - coni 6 score - 1 J l*

Salmon

coni 6 score f the baru f Girles the bar11 Seale fish the fish

r

Stock fish voc

• ijti.

• XV 8.

xiij s Jxiija.

{the hundred coni 6 score the last con teyn-1 . ^ ing a thousand 3

{the hundred 7 • k « coni six score 3 J " J * the last coni a 7 ... thousand -rUjh- 7J<

{the hundred conf six score the last coni a 7 ..... , ..

thousand . j "J vj »• d.

Whiting? the barrel! - iij s. iiij d.

Note That all Sort? of Fish English taken and brought in English Ships ought to pay noe Custome as by Staf 50 Eliz. Reg.

. iiij d. iiij d.

xiij s. iiij d. viij d.

8. viijd. vj s. viij d.

Flannel 1 the yard

covered wu* leather the dozen Flashes J covered wth velvett the dozen I, of home the dozen

j s. viij d. vs.

ijti.

vj s. viij d.

skins

Beaver

IJS.

ijti.

vjs. viijd. js. viijd.

the dozen 7 . A

vj u. vj s. viij a.

xs.

Budge

Badger skins the peece Bare f black or red the peece -I white the peece

{skins the whole peece -wombs the peece 'white tawed the hundred |K coal five score skins 3 ^ black tawed skins

untawed the hundred |... j.

conf five score skins 3 Poules the fur coni 1. ^ four panes - -3

Naveme the hundred' leggf coni five score

Rumny the hundred! . ^ d.

leggf coni 5 score - 3 3 3

'untawed the timber con- 7 ..

teyning forty skins 3

tawed the timber coni 7 ...

forty akin. - -jTUJ *’

seasoned the paine - j ti. stag the paine - - xij s. vj d.

‘skins the hundred coni 7 .. *• five score -

r the hundred!... poults < coni 5 score 3 ^ "

'-the mantle - yj s. wombs the panes or * mantle

vuj 8. luj d.

Calabers

Furrs

voc

Cattf

iij d. iij d.

Dokerers the timber conteyning j # y.j

coni

/ort^ } x"i • lVli

Foxes. 4

Foynes

forty skins

rthe timber Fitches < skins

'-the pane or mantle "the blacke Fox skinn -the ordnary skinn the pane or mantle wombes, poules or peeces the paine -

backes the dozen tailes the pane or mantle wth tayles the peece wthout tailes the peece raw the peece Poult f the hundred 1 . .. coni 5 score - 3 J

Wombs seasoned the 1 . .* pane or mantle - 3 J 1

Wombes stagg the paine

or mantle - - 3

r untawed the timber coni 7 ..

J 40 skinns - - J

j tawed the timber coni 7 .. forty skinns . j *9

{blacke raw the skinn - xij s.

blacke seasoned the skin xyj

grey raw the skinn - iij s.

grey seasoned the skin iiij s.

Tawed the Timber coni! ... fourty skinns - 3

Untawed the Timber coni forty skinns

Leopardf \8kin* Ae

I wombf the paine

Lewzeraes skins the peece

xij s. vj d.

xii.

j a. iiij d.

XV s.

[xa.

xiij s. iiij d. xij s. vj d. iij s. iiij d. iiij s. js.

vjs.

Vjs.

▼iij d. viij d.

► xv s.

Grays

Jennets.

Letwis

iiij d.

vj d.

vjd.

viij d.

s. iiij d.

I} ri

- j !i. V 8.

- V ti.

• ij ti. x 8.

12° Car. II. c. 4.

191

Furrs

vo£

Fustians

vocal

The timber conf3 .

40 skins - J * the pane or mantle ix ti.

Pout? the pane or 3 Mjfr'Jroos ^ mantle - -3

Gils the timber 1 .

conf 40 skinns - 3 s#

Tailes the hundred 3 .... conf five score j '

Miniver the mantle - - xiij 3. iiij d.

{untawed the timber conf I ..... forty skinns - -j 1

tawed the timber conf 3

forty skinns - jh‘

Mole skins the dozen - - vj d.

Otter skins the peece - -vs.

Ounce skins the peece - - xij s. vi d.

Sables of all sort? the timber conf 3

forty skiirns - - u

Weazell skinns the dozen Wolfe f tawed the peece skins I ^tawed the peece Wolverings the peece "Amsterdam Holland or Dutch

fustians the peece conf two halfe I ... *. peeces of fifteen yards^the halfe j * peece -J

Barm ill ions the peece conf two 3 ..

halfe peece - -JTOjb-

Cullen fustians the peece conf two 3 ». ^ halfe peeces - - 3 '

Holmes and Bevemex fustians the ] bale conf forty five halfe peeces J

Holmes 8c Bevemex fustians the 3 ..

peece conf two halfe peeces - 3 8*

Jeane fustian the peece conf two 3 ....

halfe peece. - -Jml,TIJs-

Millian fustians the peece conf 3 ....

two halfe peece. -Naples fustians tript or velure 3 plaine the halfe peece conf seven I iiij ti. yard? and a halfe - - J

Naples fustians tript or velure 3 ... .. plaine the peece conf 15 yard? 3 Vl1^ *’

Naples fustians tript or velure 3 plaine the yard - - 3 X 8*

Naples fustians wrought vocal"

Sparta velvet, the halfe peece conteyning seven yard? and an halfe

- iiij d.

- j ii. x s.

- jli. iija.

- xij s. vj d.

. Ixxx ii.

h

X s.

wrought or Sparta velvet y* yard xvj s. Osbro or Augusta fustians y* peece 3 .... j.

conf two halfe peeces - - J

w01 silke the yard - - viij s.

of Weazell the peece conf two 3 ... .. halfe peece. -Fusses of Cloves the pound - - iij s. vj d

G.

viij d.

Garnet

Gadza of all sort? w,kout gold or silver the yard ij s.

Gadza stript wtfc gold or silver the yard - vs.

Gaily dishes the dozen - - - ij s. vj d.

{small rough the pound - j ii.

small or great cut the pound - iij ii. Gantlet? the payre ... iiij $.

GcnSs of silke French making the dozen payre iij ii. Gaules the hundred [weight1] confcxijii. ijii. Gimlet? for Vintners the dozen - - viij

-of cruell the grocc conteyning xij 3 .

dozen - - - j J * J

of leather the groce cofi 12 dozen iij ii. vj s.

Girdles

of silke the dozen

of velvet the dozen

of wollen the dozen

of counterfeite gold _ dozen

iiij d. viij d.

- ij li.

- - iiij ti.

- j ti. xij 8. silver the J

Glasses

for j Windows ^ vocal

Drinking

glasses

voS

Glasses

voc

'Burgundy white the chest - iij ti. xvs. Burgundy coloured the chest * v ti. v s. Normandy white the case - j ti. x a* Normandy coloured the case - iij ti. xv s. Renish the weigh or webb conf 3 .....

sixty bunches - *s.

Muscovy glasae or slude the 3 .

L pound - - - 3 *"

* Venice drinking glasses the dozen xvii j s.

Flanders drinking glasses the' hundred glasses

Scotch and French drinking 3 glasses the hundred conf 5 score j *

course drinking glasses the dozen iij s.

Burning glasses the dozen - iij s.

Balme glasses the groce conf xij 3 j. . , dozen - - - J J • J

Violl? the hundred conf 5 score xv s.

Water glasses the dozen - xij s.

Halfe penny ware the groce coni 3 xij dozen - - - 3

Penny ware the groce conf xij dozen

of Steele small the dozen - xiij s. iiij d. of Steele large - j ti. vj s. viij d.

of Christall small the dozen under 3 .,

No .6.- -

of Christall middle sort the dozen 3 ....

No. 6. - . -r,jh-

of Christall the dozen No. 11. 1 a. xlv ti.

I of Christall small the dozen 7:8:;

L 9: 10:

{of Flaunders making course the 3 ..... groce conf xij dozen - - 3 11

of Flanders making the dozen fine j ti. of Venice making the dozen - iij ti.

Glasse stone plates for spe&acles rough the 3 . dozen - - - - - -V‘

'of Christall small under No. 6. 3 . *-the dozen - - - V

of Christall No. 6. the dozen - ij ti.

of Christall No. 7. 8. 9. 10. the dozen of Christall No. 11. dozen

r Glasse pipes small the pound - vij s. vj d.

Looking

glasses

XV) s.

Hower

glasses

dozen

Glass plates or nght? for^ looking ^ glasses unfiled

Glass

I*.

b!} »'j

jxxxfi.

pipes 1 great the hundred weight conf |^..j.

r

Gloves.

All other glass Manufactures not above parti- 3 .

cularly rated except glass Bead? rated at p ti 3

Glew the hundred weight conf 112 ti - j ti.

Globes. J,mallthePaJre - * "J

* large the paire - - vi ti.

I -of Bridges or French making the 3 j. ^ groce coni xij dozen - - 3 "

of Canary Millane or Venice un- 3 . ^ wrought the dozen payro - j ^ u of Canary MillaneVenice or French *3 wrougnt w* gold or silver the I iiij ti. dozen pair - - J

of Vaudon the dozen paire - x s.

of silke knit the dozen payre - ij ti.

lof Spanish plaine y* dozen paire - xv s.

‘Bridges gold 8t silver the pound 3 ... . ....

coni. 16 ounces Arordu^iz . j XUJ *’ wi d' Cap gold & silver the pound conf 3

16 ounces Avordepoiz - V

Copper gold 8c silver upon quills 8c 3 rolles or in sk[a'line the pound Us. conf 16 ounces Avordepoyz - J Cullen gold & silver the mast con- 3

teyning two pound 8c a halfe at > j ti. vi 1 twelve ounces to the pound - J French copper gold 8c silver the *3 marke conf eight ounces Avoir 3 vs. clu poiz -J

Lyons copper gold & silver double 3 gilt the marke conf eight > ti. vj s. viij d. _ ounces Haber de poiz - J

Gold and Silver thred counter, feite voc. 4

is. viijd.

12° Cab. II. c. 4.

A.D. 1660

Gold & silver thred right vocal

xij

_^vj 8. viij d.

_ xiij s. iiij d.

- viij d.

- vj s. viij d.

"Venice Florence or Millane gold*v

& silver y* pound coni xij liijti. vj s. viij d ounces Venice weight - J French and Paris gold & silvers the marke coni eleven ounces >.

8c Venice weight

Gold foile the small groce coni dozen -

Gold paper the small groce coni i: dozen -Granies French or Guiny the pound

{or Scarlett powder the pound of Sevill in berries 8c granies

of Portugall or Rotta the Viij s. iiij d. pound - -J

Grindle stones the chaldron - - j ti. vj s. viij d.

Almond f the hundred weight coni 7 . cxijK - -

Anniseedf the hundred weight 7 ... coni cxij - . j w3

Cloves the pound - x s.

Currans the hundred weight coni 7

cxij ti - -

Dates the hundred weight coni |

of the East Indyes y* 7 ... pound - - j ll38*

the West Indyes ye 7 . pound - - j 3 8‘

Licoras the hundred weight con 7 .«

natt - - -\)Yi

Maces the pound - - j fi.

Nutmegs the pound - - viij 8.

Pepper the pound - - iij s. iiij d.

Pepper imported directlj from the 7

place of its growth in English >js. viijd. built shipping the pound -j

Cinomom the pound - - vj s. viij d.

greatthe hundred weight ) • x g

coni cxij ti -V

of the Sun the hundred 1 .. weight coni cxij ti 3 *3

rblacke the hundred 7 . *• weightcont cxij ti

nima I

Grocery

Wares

vocal

cxij

Ginger

f.

r.

lit d.

iiij

XI.

fg

Raisins

Smijna ) ted the hundred weight ij(j V coni cxij ti -3 J

Figgf the hundred coni cxij ti - j ti. xiij s. iiij d. Prunes the hundred weight coni 7 cxij ti - - -i

"Candy browne the hun- 7 ^ dred weight coni 112 ti j x Candy white y« hundred 1 w K# weight coni cxij ti - 3 Muscovados the hundred

weight coni one hun- Viiij ti. dred 8c twelve pound J

Suger

Refined double & single

in loves the hundred > xvij ti. weight coni cxij ti - )

S* Thome 8c Panneils y*\ hundred weight coni >ij ti.

cxij ti

whitethehundredweight 7 vj: coni cxij ti - 3

white Sugers from the^v English Plantaofins the I ^ hundred weight coni f cxij ti - - J

browne Sugers 8cMus-*\ covadoes from y* I English Plantations >jti. xs. the hundred weight coni cxij ti -J

All Spicery except Pepper imported direfiily from the place of its groweth in English built shipping to bee iated one third part of what is charged in the Booke of Rates 8c no more

Grogrames Turky the yard - - iij s. ix d.

«. r Calervers the peece - -vs.

ns voc I j^ugjtct^ fa peece - - xs.

{Serpentine the hundred weight 1 ^ coni cxij ti - - 3

Come powder the hundred 7 ... K weight coni cxij ti - 3 ™3

Halberd' f l*«*

l ungilt the peece

vj s. viij d.

h.

- xiij s. iiij d. ungilt the peece - - iij s. iiij d.

{wth wooden handles or wtkout the \; dozen -vocal Horsemens hlmers dozen -Hankirchirs the dozen Harness Roses the thousand

Corsletf compleate the peece Curattf the peece

Morians or head peeces graven 7 , the peece - - 3

Morians or head peeces plaine |

Harness

vocal

the peece

- iij ti.

- js.

- jti.

- xij s.

J" X 8.

[vB.

iiij d.

Hatts 4

Harp strings or Catlingf the groce coni twelve 7 dozen - - - j

Hatbandf the groce conteyning xij dozen - v ti.

"of beaver wool or haire die hatt x ti. of Bridges the dozen - - x ti.

Duch feltf or hattf made of wool 7 ... the peece - - -p"’

Spanish or Portugall feltf the 7 dozen - - - 3

of silke French making the dozen iij ti.

of straw ndt Bast

of Venice the dozen - - iij ti.

of wool or worsted trimd the

dozen ..

"Falcons the Hawke

Goshawkes the Hawke

Jerfalcons the Hawke

Jerkins the Hawke

Lanners the Hawke

Lannaretf the Hawke

Tassels of all sorts the Hawke -

Hawkes hoodf the groce coni xij dozen

Hawkes

vocal

• vti.

jujii.

iiij H. iij ti. vja. iiij ti. xs. iij ti. yjs. iiij ti. ij ti. ij ti. j K. VJ t,

viijd.

viijd.

Haire bottomes for sives the groce coni twelve 7 dozen - - -

{CamelIs haire the pound - - iij s.

Elkes haire for saddles the hundred 7 .. weight coni cxij ti. - - 3 8* VJ

Goates haire the pound - -is. ij d.

Headingf for pipes hogshedf or barrells the 7......

hundred coni «iz score - - -)TJ •"9

Heath for brushes the hundred coni cxij ti j ti.

'Hemp short drest the hundred T

weight coni one hundred 8c > viij ti. twelve pounds - - - j

Cullen 8c steel hemp 8c all others HcnlP J sorts of drest hemp the hundred lx ti. voc weight coni cxij ti. - - J

Spruce Muscovia 8c all other rough 7

hemp the hundred weight coni I xiij s. iiij d. cxij ti. - - J

"Buffe hides the hide - - x s.

Cow hides of Barbary and Muscovia { the hide

Cow or horse hides tanned the 7 peece ... - Jx*'

India hides the hide - - iiij s. ij d.

Cow or horse hides in the haire the 7 .

peece ..

Losh hides the peece - -vs.

All other hides In the haire or undrest halfe the custome

viijd.

Hides

voS

ij •« vj d.

12° Cab. II. c. 4.

19?

Hides Bed or Moscovia hides tanned coloured 1 . A or uncoloured the hide - . _p»- ™Ja-

Htftf for swords or daggers the dozen - ij ii.

j the barrel - . . t the tonne ... - ijfi. - xij ti.

f of iron for pipes or hogshedf Hoopes < hundred weight coni cxij ii. jti. vj s. viij d.

■ for Coopers the thousand - jti. vj s. viij d

Hops the hundred weight coni cxij ti. - xv ti.

Horses or mares the horse or mare - x ti.

Hoee of cruell voc Mantua hose the pa ire - X 8.

L Jett the pound .... • •« J - nj s. nq d.

Jews Trumps the groce coni xij dozen - xs.

Inke for Printer, the hundred weight conf 1.. 4i cxijii - -Ptl-

Imperlingf blew or red the dozen - jti. xs.

lnyK>ms f the groce coni twelve dozen - iij ti.

I of hrasse the dozen - xij s.

f unwrought the pound - ij s. vj d.

* . J wrought the dozen pound - - viij ti.

J Rowles the dozen peeces coni 36 7 v: *: [ yards the peece - - - j

I'

I iij «. iiij d.

- i*<

lie )

.}j«-

Instrum^ for Berbers & Chirur-geons vocal

of Turkey of the West Indyes or rich Indico the pound Indico dust the pound - - j s. viij di

Indico of English Plantations the pound

Bullet scrues the dozen - iiij a. Incision sheeresthe dozen - vs.

Setts the bundle conteyning 1 .

sixteen - - - J

Paices or Tooth drawers the "I dozen - - - J

Plulicanes the dozen -..Trepans the dozen "Amis Spanish Spruce and Swedish 1 .. the Tonn - - - -jjh‘

chimnyes small the

►vs.

- X 8.

L.

dozen yards

Cruell lace the small twelve dozen

Lace

voc

'"Bone lace of thred the dozen yards iiij tL

Brittaine lace the grace coni twelve 1 .« dozen vardf - - - j ™

groce conf

Gold & Silver lace the pound coni 1 .. ^ xij ounces Troy - - - j

Gold & Silver lace the ounce Tray j ti.

Pomet lace the groce coni xij dozen 1.. y yards - - - -

Purle or antlet lace of thred the' groce coni xij dozen

Silke bone lace the pound coni' sixteen ounces Silke lace of all other sorts the j x

. pound coni xvj ounces - )

Ladles voc melting ladles the hund : weight con iia ii. -

Lapis magnata [falce1 ] the pound - - iij s.

{blacke Lattin the hundred weight 1.. *• coni a hundred & xij ii. - j

th* hU"dred Weight}iijti. rj*. Tiijd.

Lead oare the Tonne Leomons pickled the Pipe Lemon f the Tonne - - - - x ii. xiij s. iiij d.

1 the Gallon -

"BaziH leather the dozen -

water

Leather

vocal

- iiij ii

Iron

Backes for peece Backes for peece Bands for

chimneyes large the

-}

vj 8. viij d. iiij d.

xiij s.

hundred 7 .

kettles the weight coni cxijii.

Fire Irons the groce coni 12 dozen z s.

Hoopes the hundred weight coni') . v

*»- n

Stones the peece Juice of Lemons the pipe Ivory the pound

viij d.

- vii.

- iiij ii.

- xs.

K.

jii.

Key knopt the groce coni xij dozen -

~ Almanie Bohemia & all other course 1 knives the dicker conteyning tenn > iij s. knives - - - - J

Butchers knives the dicker coni tenn ..

kit ires - - - -5,J

Carving knives the dozen - - iij ii.

Collen knives the groce coni xij J

Knives.

dozen

French knives the groce coni xij 7 jy. ^ dozen - - - - 3 J

Glovers knives the bundle oonteyn-1 . ^ x f ing six knives - v

Pen knives the groce coni xij dozen j ii. xs.

Sker knives the dicker coni io 7 ... a knire. - - - - J J

Stock knives ungilt the dozen 7 ...

stock?. - . . - j,j

Stocke knives gilt the dozen stockes yj ii.

Linnen . cloth or.

viij d.

j s. iiij d. v s. vj d.

V s.

j ii. x s.

X f.

- iiij ii.

- iiij ii.

- x ii. xiij s.

- xjd.

- xx ii. Spanish leather or Cordivant the

dozen skinns Hangingf gilt the peece ^ Spruce or Dansk leather dozen skinns Leather for Maskes the pound vj s. Turkey 8c East India Cordivant 7 the dozen - - -Jj

Leaves of Gold the hundred leaves coni five score - - - - - - 3

Lcwers for Hawkes the peece Lime for Dyers the barrell Lines of Hambrough for ships the peece Lin-seed the bushell ..

Linnes blew or red the dozen

"Callicoes fine or ; course j* peece

Callicoes. the 1

Cambrickf. ^ six

the peece coni 13' ells

Dutch Barras 8c Hesaens-x Canvas the hundred f.. ells contayning six score

French or Normandy-"

Canvas & lyne narrow browne or white the hundred ells,conteyning one hundred and twenty -

French Canvas 8c line*) broade for tabling being an ell 8c halfe I y quarter 8c upwardf f the hundred ells coni I six score - -J

Packing Canvas guttings

8c Spruce Canvas the I •. y }

100 ells conteyning |

6 score - J Poledavies the bolt coni 1 . x-xxviij ells - - V

ri

Canvas

voc.

ip* i*

XS.

Spruce Elbing or Quins-'t brow canvas the bolt >xvs. coni twenty eight ells J Stript or tufted canvas "t w* thred the peece Vij ii-conl xv yards - J

3D

194

12° Car. II. c. 4.

AJ).1660-

Linnen cloth or

Canvas

roc

Vth silke the coni fifteen

di

Jjuijii.

lls Ivti. for'j

the iiij ti.

n-|Tj«.

Damask

* j-iij

xvj«

Stript tufted or quilted' canvas peece yards

Strip t canvas w* copper "j the peece coni xv Viiijti. yards -J

Vandolose or Vittry can- '

▼as the hundred ells coni cxx. working canvas cushons narrow ioo ells coni iao -J working canvas broaden the ioo ells conteyn- I j. ing one hundred 8c [ twenty -J

working canvas of the' broadest sort the hun-- dred elJs coni iao

'Tabling of Holland 7 . ^ making y yard - V Towelling 8e napken-*\ ing of Holland I vij 8. making the yard - J

Tabling of Silesia *kUi.s making y yard - J 3 Towelling 8c napken-1

ing of Selisea Ij s. iiij d. making the yard J

"Tabling of Holland \ jx j making y* yard -J Towelling 8c napkeningl of Holland making y« 1 yard

Napkins of Holland"

DuPer < making y dozen

T»blingofSeli»i» making J Uj $ d

Towelling & napkening"!

of Slesia making the >j s. iiij d. .yard - - -J

fthe I peece cont\ y..

6 ells \- ./"J"*

the peece coni 13 ells vj ti.

C*peece laW"* *! } j «. *j d. viij d.

French lawnes the 7 . *.

peece - - V

Slesia lawnes y peece 1 coni betwixt 4 & Ixs.

8 yards - - J

'"Flemish cloth Gcntish cloth Isingham cloth Flaunders Overisils cloth Holland * Rowse cloth cloth I Brabant cloth ^ eU v

Embden cloth Freeze cloth Bag Holland Browne Holland.

Brittish the 100 ells coni 5 score

Cowsseild cloth or platts the ell

Drilling & pack ducke y* 100 ells* coni 6 score

Elbing or Danske cloth double ) . ...

ploy the ell - - v.y d.

Hambrough 8c Slesia cloth broade 'j the 100 ells coni 6 score white >x ti. or browne - - J

Hambrough cloth narrow the hun-' dred ells coni 6 score Hinderlandf middle good

Headlake & Muscovia linnen ..

narrow the 100 ells coni six J * J 8* score -J

Irish cloth the 100 ells coni 67.... score - -

Lawnes

xs.

vj ti. xiij s. e J j s. viij d. Is\.. v

iiij d.

;}riijti.

iiij d.

Linnen cloth or

Lockrams

vocal.

Treager great & nar-^ row or efimon dowlace y peece 1 coni 106 ells Broad dowlace the peece coni 106 ells

►v ti.

Minsters the roll coni 1 <00 ells. 1. . « ......

at 5 score to the hundred Ij,v>"J »* "J d-

Ozenbrigf the roll coni 1500 7. .. ells, at 5 score to the hundred 3 iX

Soulthwitch the hund : Ells coni 61 —. « score ... ->"*J*

Polonia Ulsters Hanovers Lubecke" narrow Slesia narrow Westphalia narrow Harford, plaine napkening & all other narrow 1 .... .. cloth of nigh Dutchland 8c the ^UIJ "*

East Countrey white or browne not otherwise rated the 100 ells , coni 6 score -All Linnen of Germany or high Dutchland 8c Silesia not above $ 8c a halfe broade shalbee accompted narrow linnen 8c all above that breadth shalbe accompted broad 8c pay accordingly.

{Strawsbrough or Hambrough 7 ... linnen the ell - - 3

Twill 8c Ticking of Scotland the 7...». hundred ells coni cxx - J*

All linnen shall pay one full Moytie over 8c above what is before rated for w* additional! duty the importer giveing security at the Custome house shall have twelve monthes time for paym* of the same from the time of y< Importacon, or in case such Importer shall pay ready mony hee shall have 10 p Cenl of the said Duty abated to him, And if any of the said Linnens for w* this said Duty is paid or secured at the ImportaaSn be exported wthin 12 mo. after the Importations, then the aforesaid Duty shalbe wholy repaid, or the Security vacated, as to what shall bee exported.

Lockers or Chapes for Daggers the groce 7 ...........,

comeyning twdre dozen - - . j «>j •. ui| d.

r Budgetf or hanging lockes small 7 ..

J the groce coul xij dozen - j ITl*

il 7 ..... jujh.

Lockes

voc

xs.

Lutes.

Lute

strings

J the groce con? xij dozen - j

J Hanging lockes large y• groce coni ^ xij dozen

{Cullen making w* cases y*dozen viijli. Venice making wth cases the dozen xxiiij ti.

{Catlingf y* groce coni 12 dozen 7........

knoif - - - - j U8- ™Jd-

Minikins the groce con 1% dozen 7

knote - - -

Litmus the g weight conteyning cxij ti. - j ti.

M.

’"Crop Madder 8c all other bale'}

Madder the hundred weight coni I j ti. x s. one hundred 8c xij ti. - - J

Fatt Madder the hundred weght 7 ...

coni cxij ti. - - 6 . *• vnj d.

Mull Madder the hundred weight 7 . coni cxij ti. - - -p*

Magnus the hundred weight coni cxij ti. - j ti.

Mapps printed the Re&me - - iiij ti.

Maskes S Velvett the dozen - - iijti.

( of Sattin the dozen - - ij ti.

rfor ships small the mast - iij s. iiij d.

®a8ts < middle the mast - - - x s.

V great the mast - - - j ti.

Match for Gunns the pound - - ij d.

Matts of Russia the matt - - - vj d.

viij d.

Madder

voc.

AJ).\660

12° Car. II. c. 4.

195

Mask k Barley vide Come.

Meal* of Wheate or Rye the Last con! xij j ..j

Meeters the basket con! two bushells - x s. U«n«M>i of Ramealea the tonne - - xiij ii.

Messelanes the peece con! 30 yard? - ix ti.

The single peece con! 14 yards of

vjs. viijd.

XVj 8.

ij ti. jti. iiij ti. j s. iiij d. xs.

Metheglin the hogshed Methredate the pound Mocado ends the dozen pound Mortert & Pestells of brass the pound Muster seed the c ti. con! cxij ti.

Mittens of Wadmol the dozen paire - ix s.

N.

‘Chaire nailes the thousand

Copper nailes Rose nailes & Sadlers ' nailes the sum con! ten thousand

Head nailes the barrell

Nailes

* < Harness nailes the sum con! ten TOCaf ) thousand - - -

Small nayles the halfe bar11

Spring nailes the sum con! thousand ..

.Tenter hookes the thousand Napkins French making the dozen

rTongues of Russia the peece

. .T

L the dozen -Neckerchirs of Flaunders making the dozen

{the dozen thousand

voc Pack needles the thousand voc Sale needles the thousand Nutmcgf pickled the peece Nutts € small Nuts the barrell Yocrf ^ Walnutf the bar"

ten J

xiij s. iiij d. xiij s. iiij d. ▼iij ti. jti.

▼iij ti. vj s. viij d.

▼ s.

xij s. ij d.

X 8.

ij s. vj d.

!? ti:

iij ti.

xiij s. iiij d. vj s. viij d. iiij d. x s.

▼j s. viij d.

o.

Okeham the hundred weight con! cxij ti. - xs.

Oaker the barrell - - - - j ti. vj s. viij d.

Oares. - - - * j».

(the hundred con! 6 score - vj ti.

Oates the quar¥ con! eight bushells - iiij s.

‘Rape and Linseed Oyls y* tonne - lxx ti.

Sivile oyle Majorca oyle Minorca

oyle Apuglia Province oyle and Vxxxij ti. Portugall oyle the tonne - J TO-1 Sallet oyle the gallon - -vs. traine oyle of Greenland y* ton - viij ti.

traine oyle of Newfoundland, & the like sort the tonne

All traine ovle or fish oyle of 1 j

Forraigne fishing the tonn - j Ottrves the hogshed - - viij ti.

€ the barrell - - - - iij s. iiij d.

Onions< the hundred bunches - - xvj s. viij d.

V seed the hundred weight con! cxij ti. iiij ti.

Orchall the hundred weight conteyning an 1 .. *.

hundred and twelve pound£ - - 3

Orranges and Lemons the thousand - j ti.

Orsdew the dozen pound - - - j ti. vj s. viij d.

* } vi

Packthied

P.

rin skenes the hundred pound - iij ti. vocal Bottome thred yc hundred |.

f Dripping pans k frying pans the \ ... ^ Panns voc. hundred weight con! cxij ti. - 3 J

L Warming pans the dozen - iij ti.

X 8.

Papervoc.

vj d.

‘Blew paper the reame - xs.

Browne paper the bundle . iij s.

Cap paper the reame - • vij s.

Demy paper the reame - xij s.

Ordnary printing k copy paper] y* reame

Painted paper the reame - xiij s. iiij d.

Pressing paper the hundred leaves xiij s. iiij d.

Rochell paper as large as Demy 3 • f paper the reame - - 3

iiij s. vj d.

Royall paper the reame - j ii.

Parchment i the dozen con! xij sheetf - vij s.

\ the roll con! 6 dozen - ij ii. ij s.

Past of Jeane the pound - vij s. vj

Peares or a pples dryed the barrell - xs.

Pease the <3 |uar$ con! 8 bushells - iiij s.

Petticotes of silke the peece - iij H.

Penners the groce con! xij dozen - ij ii.

Percer bitts the groce con! xij dozen - jti.

rthe dozen from Christmas

Pheasants \ [ Midsomer

1 ^Poutf fromMidsomer to Christmas ij ti. xs.

Pike heads the peece - - vj d.

Pikes

{wlhout head £ the peece - - iij s. vj d.

wth heads the peece - iiij s.

Pinns the dozen thousand - - - ij ti. x s.

Pincers and plyers the dozen - - iiij 0.

Pintadoes or Callecoe cubbard clothes the' peece - - - -

Pipe or hogshead staves the hundred con! six

score

e 1 . •

_ I vj s. viij d.

J vj s. viij d.

Pipes

Pitch

vocal

:} u «-

Plate.

j* for Tabors the dozen - - iiij s.

\ for children the groce con! xij dozen viij s.

{Small band the Last con! xij barrells ij ti. x s.

Great band the Last con! xij baru£ ij ti. x s. Plaister of Paris the mount conteyning three 1 • thousand weight - - 1

Plaine irons the dozen - - - ij a.

Plankes of Ireland the hundred foote con! five J ..

score - - - - 3 > * V1

{Silver white or ungilt the ounce - iiij s. of silver parcel I gilt the ounce - iiij • vj d. of silver gilt the ounce - -vs.

‘single white or blacke the hundred 1 - j.

plates - - , 3 x J • J

double white or blacke the hundred j . ^ ^ g

single white or black the barrell 1 .. ^ con! 300 plates - - - j

double white or blacke the barrell I con! 300 plates - - - 3 11J

Hamesse plates or iron doubles the ' plate -Harness plates or iron doubles the 1 g bundle con! ten plates - - J X

Playing Tables of Walnut tree y* paire - vj s.

‘of thred the great groce con! twelve 1 . j.

small groce - - -3

of capiton the great groce con! xij J ~

Plates

voca!

viij d.

Points

h

xs.

lllj

ii d.

small groce

fine silke the small groce con! j . ^ twelve dozen - - - V

Pomistones the tonne - - - xiij s

Pomegametf the thousand - - - ij ii.

{the side - - -vs.

the tonne - - - vj ii.

Potatoes, the hundred weight con! one hundred 3_. ...

& twelve pounde - - - .)*]«•

‘of Earth or Stone covered the hun- 1. j. dred con! five score - - 3

of Earth or Stone uncovered the^\

Porke

Potts.

vj s. viij

id.

hundred cast conteyning a gallon I .... to every cast whether in one pott or more J

voca! Gaily potts the hundred con! \ .. five score - - j

x s.

196

12° Car. II. c. 4

A.D. 1660.

A'vocal Melting potts for Goldsmiths I ..

Pott, J the hundred - - -H*'

I of Iron French or Flemish making 1... *. ^ the dozen - - - j

f vocal Pullyes of Iron the groce coni 1 j.

1 xij dozen - - - - 3

Pulhes. < q£ Brasse the dozen - - iiij s.

I of Wood the groce conteyning *3.

L twelve dozen - - - J*

Pun sons Sc Gravers for Goldsmithes the pound j s.

Quailes the dozen - - - - viij s.

Quills vocal Goose quills the thousand - ij s.

{French making the dozen - iiij ii. xvj s.

Quiks < of Callico the peece - - ij b.

\ of Sattin or other silke the peece - vj H. xiij s. iiij d.

Quinces the hundred - viij s.

R.

viij d. iij ii. jb.

Rashes

voc

Rattles

viij d.

Racketf the peece - -

Rape of grapes the tonne -Rape Seed the quarter -

"Bridges or Leyden Rashes the single 1 .... j. peece con 15 yards - - 3 ’

Bridges or Leyden Rashes the double 1^.. ^ peece coni two single peecf - /

Cloth Rashes the peece - - xviij ii.

t for children the groce coni xij dozen j ii. vj s.

[ w* Bells the dozen Razers the dicker conteyning tenn Record*! s the set or case coni 5 Recorders -Ribbon of silke of all sorts the pound Rice the hundred weight conteyning an hun- j . ^ j

dred & xij ii. - - - - ,jj • J • J

Rosen the hundred weight coni cxij ii. - vj s. viij d.

i Irish Rug? the peece - - xiij s. iiij d.

Rugs voc p^jgh Rugf the peece - j ii.

Rims for Sives the groce coni xij dozen - vj s.

"for Keyes the groce coni xij dozen ix s. for Curtaines the pound - - j s. iiij d.

of Wyre the groce coni twelve dozen iiij s.

VjS.

jii.

}}}•

iiij ii.

Rings

voc

Sackcloth

of Brass Copper or St. Martins gilt 1 . the groce con xij dozen - 3 J

small the Box conteyning two groce 1 twelve dozen to each groce - j x

of Haire the groce coni twelvie dozen iij s.

S.

‘the 100 ells coni six score - viij ii. of single thredf the peece coni 1

j*-

j «. vj d. jii.

fifteene yards w* white thredf the yard jw* silke the yard Saddles of Steele the peece Saffora vide Barillia.

Safflora the pound - - - j s.

Saffron the pound - - - jii. xs.

"white or Spanish Salt ye bushell - viij d. white or Spanish Salt the way coni 1 ..

forty bushell, -Bay or French Salt the bushell - vj d.

Bay or French Salt the way coni *3..

forty bushells - - -JJ

Salt peter the hundred weight coni *1 .

one hundred & xij ii. - *’

Hand sawes the dozen - - vj s. viij d.

Tenant sawes the dozen - - xiij s. iiij d.

Whip sawes the peece - -vs.

Legg sawes the peece - - vj s. viij d.

Salt voc.

viij d.

Saws

voc

Says 4

Double Sayes orFlaunders [Serges1] 1^ the peece coni xv yards - / n*

Double Say or Serge y* yard - xij s.

Mild Sayes the peece - - vj ii.

Hounscot Say the peece coni four^.

& twenty yards Scamoty the yard -Scamoty the peece coni seven yards 8c \ Scissers the groce coni 12 do :en Sea holly rootes the hundred weight cofi cxij ii. Sea morse teeth the pound - -

Serge.

ii

Shearcs<

of Athens the yard

Florence the yard

for Shearmen new the paire

for Shearmen old the paire

for Glovers the paire

for Seamesters the dozen

vocal Forceps the groce coni xij dozen

for Taylers the dozen

js.

vij s. vj d. iij ii. jii. iij s. ijs. jii. j«. xiij s. js.

iij s. iiij d.

® xiij s. iiij d. - xvjs.

iiij d.

Silke

voc

c

XV 8.

Sheepe imported from Ireland to England by the score - - -3

Shubs of Callaber the peece or shub - ij ii.

Shumacke the C weight coni cxij ii. - xiij s. iiij d.

Shruff or old Brasse the C weight coni an I ». ^ hundred & twelve pound - - j

Syder the tonne - iiij ii.

"Bridges silke the pound coni xwj *¥ j. ounces - - - - J J

Ferret or Floret silke y* pound coni 3 . j.

sixteen ounces -

Fillozell or Paris silke ye pound*' contayning sixteen ounces

{Silke blacke the pound coni six-3 ...j. teen ounce, - -/

Silke in colours the pound coni 3 »j. ^ sixteen ounces - - J

Silke blacke the pound coni J ounces - - - -J

J Silke in colors the pound sixteene ounces "Orgazine [silke *] the pound coni

16 ounces & all throwue silke >xvjs. viijd. in the gum - - J

Pole & Spanish silke the pound 3 coni 16 ounces - - J

Raw China silke ye pound con 3 ..

24 ouncf - - -/J*1-

Raw Morea silke the pound coni 3 24 ounces - - - J

Raw long silke of all sorts (except"!

China) ye pound coni 24 ounces j Raw short silke or Capiton y*\ . ...

pound coni 24 ounces J d’

Satin silke y* pound con 16 ounces ij ii.

Sleave silke course ye pound oi 16 3 ......

J r y > xiij s. uij d.

Naples

>a}u«.

xs.

Silk voc

► X 8.

xs.

Xllj 8. Ulj i

ounces

Sleave silke fine or Naples sleave 3 .... the pound coni 16ounces -j u

Silke Nubbs or Huskf of silke y«3 .. pound con 21 ouncf -j 8#

Throwne silke the pound dyed coni 1 ,.

.6 ounce - - -)vh-

'Imported in ships English built*3 directly from the East Indyes Ixvs. the pound weight coni 16 ounces J

of the Manufacture of Italy im--\

ported from thence in English I. ..........

built ships the pound weight P "* XIIJ #* tu3 con 16 03s - - -J

wrought ] Imported from the East Indyes ini

other bottomes the pound weight sj ft. coni6ounces - - J

from Italy - - - - ij b.

from any other parts of y* World 1 j- jj the pound weight coni xvj ounces j

Provided That all forraigne Silkes wrought exported wthin oneYeare from the Importacons

Silk

12° Car. II. c. 4

shall hare J of the aforesaid Rates repaid at the Custome house.

All Silke wrought shall pay one full Moity over Sc above what it stand £ rated in this Booke for Vth addifiSoall Duty the Importer ghretng Security at the Custome house shall have xa mo. Time for Payin' of the same from the Time of the Import*66ns Or in case such Importer shall pay Ready Mony he shall have ioti. p Cent of the said Duty abated to him. And if any of the said Silkes for wA the said Duty is paid or secured at the Importa66n, be exported w*in xij Months after theire Import? €5n then the foresaid Duty shall be wholy retorned or y* Security vacated, as to what shalbe [so1 ] exported.

" Bucks (in the haire y* skin Shi*1* \ drest the skin Calve f of Ireland raw y« dozen skins \ tanned -

Skins

▼oc

IjS. V s.

vjs,

xs.

vjd.

Vllj

Cordivant of Turky East Indyes or 7 . *. ...

Scotland y« do*: - .|jh. t,«. T..,d.

Dog fish skins for Fletchers the* dozen -

Goate

skins

Kidd skins ]

!}Tid-

Fox skins drest the dozen - xvj s.

Gold skins the skinn - - vj d.

-of Barbary [or1] y*East*\

Country m y« haire y« > j ti. dozen skins - J of Scotland Sc Ireland in 1 . ...

y* haire the dozen - J

..tanned the dozen - ij ti. Husse skins for Fletchers the skinn yj d. r in the haire the hundred "I.

coni five score - - j

drest the hund con 5 score ij ti. Portugal] skins the dozen - ij ti.

Seale skins the skipn Shamway skins the dozen Sheep skins in j* woll the skinn Spanish Civill or Cordivant skins 1 ,.

V dozen -

Spruce skins tawed the dozen Skcetf for Whitsters the Skeet Slip the bar"

Smaitf the pound Snuffers of all sorts the dozen 0 r Castle or Venice the c weight coni 7 ... *. ^ { inti. - - -}*;

'-Flemish the barrel! - - iiij ti

Spangles of Copper the thousand - - j s.

Spam small the hundred coni 6 score - j ti. Spe&ades w^ut cases the groce coni xij |. ,.

dozen....................................J,n‘

Spoones of borne the groce coni xij dozen - xvj s. Sponges vide Drugf

{of Wood the dozen of Brasse the dozen covered Vth Leather gilt the peece vocafPocketStandishes the dozen Starch white the c weight con cxij ti.

Stares C Barrell staves the c con 6 score I Firkin staves y* c coni 6 score

j s. viij d. j ti. vj 8. viij d. iij d.

ij ti.

j®*

iij 8. iiij d. j». vjd. vj s. viij d.

rnj s. xijs.

vj s. viij d.

Steele

vod

rLong steel, Wisp steel Sc such like ] . < the c' weight con cxij ti.

ijti. t ti.

iij s. iiij d. ijs.

Ijjti-*8-

'-Gad steele the £ barrn - - xti.

Stockingf of Wadmol the paire - - j s.

Stone birds or Whistles the small groce coni 1...

Zij dozen - 8

rBlood stones the pound - xv s.

Stones J Cane stones the tonne - - xv s.

I D°gg stones the Last coni 3 paire I • to the last - - -

{£"■

{Mill stones the peece - x ti.

Queme stones small the Last - ij ti. v s.

Queme stones large the Last - iiij ti. x s.

Slick stones the c coni 5 score - xv s.

- - - j ti. xs.

cagg - - - xv s.

Stufff of all sorts made [of * ] or mixt v*11 .«.

woolpyard - -

Succade wet or dry the pound - - iij s.

Sword f of y«ice Turky or fine blade, y. j

blades ) dozen -

'-courseof Flaund'f making y*dozen j ti.

T.

Table 1 course the dozen - - - x s.

bookes. 3 sing dozen - - j ti.

Tables f playing Tables of Wainscottaud all 1 toc. I other sorts, course the payre - 3 T 8* Tackes of Iron the thousand Tallow the g weight coni cxij ti.

Tannetf of Cruell the yard

~wth haire the Flemish ell wm Caddas the Flemish ell Tapistry ^ w* silke the Flemish ell

w01 Gold or Silver ye Flem : ell wu» Wool the Flemish ell Tarras the Barrell -Tarr J 8ma^ band ^-a8t c0" x*j barrells f great band the Last coni 12 barn£

Tazells the thousand - -

Thimbles the thousand -

‘Bridges thred the dozen pound

Thred. 4

vj s. viij d. xvj s. viij d.

Tl®*

ij s. viij d. viij s.

xiij s. iiij d. viij ti. iiij s.

vj s. viij d. ij ti. x s. ijti. xs. vs. iij ti. ij ti. v s.

Thrums

Crosbow thred the hundred pound I .. .. . ..

conteyning five .core - - J m h* TJ

Lyons or Paris thred the bale coni 7 .

looboltc ..

Outnall thred the dozen pound Peering thred the dozen pound Sisters thred the pound Whited browne the dozen pound

{of linnenor Fustian the pound of

Tikes

vocal

Tobacco

voc

Wollen the pound r Brizel Tikes and counterfeite Brizel 7 i the Tike LTumall Tikes the Tike Tilting of the East countrey the yard TikeB of Stoade the Tike Tincall the pound vuF Drugf Tinfoyle the groce coni xij dozen Tinglass the c coni cxij ti.

Tinsell f Copper the yard wlh 1 right gold 8c silver the yard Tinshore the groce coni xij dozen

Spanish Sc Brazill Tobacco or^ any not English planta6ons the > pound - - - -J

Spanish orBrazele tobacco in pud- 3 ding or role the pound - J S' ChrisSs Barbados or any of y* Carib Islands Virginia & Somer Islands tobacco the pound English planl All Tobacco of the English Plantacons shall pay over Sc above the last mentioned rate by the Merchant Importer one penny per ti at nine months after importacon Sc give security for the same,

Provided that such Tobacco as shall bee exported by any person w^in twelve months from the importacon shall have this whole duty of one penny per pound repaid,

And in case any Merchant or Importer shall desire to pay ready mony hee shall have an abatement after the rate of ioti. p cens per ansi.

iij ti. iiij ti. xv s. iiij ti. vj d.

j®-

j ti. X 8.

viij d. j ti. x s.

X s.

iij s. iiij d. iij ti. v s.

- js. Vj

d.

X s.

j s. viij d.

s e

198

12° Car. II. c.

A.D. 1660,

Tooles f Canring tooles the groce con xij 3

voc \ doz. - - - - -

Tow the hundred weight coni cxij ti. - x s.

Trayes of wood the shocke con! 6o Trayes - j ti.

f Flaunders Treakle the bar11 - iiij ti.

X of Jeane the pound • - j 8. iiij

f white sort comon the groce con j ...j g

Triacle.

Trenchers

doz.

i xij

j red or painted y* groce con ia J x*. g

V dozen Treene nailes the thousand Trunnells the thousand Tweezes of France the dozen

- X 8.

- X 8.

- iij ti-

Twine I Hambrough pound - vj d.

* the hundred weight coni cxij ti. - ij ti. x s. Twist for bandstrings the dozen knot? - x s.

V.

Vallances of Scotland the Peece - - viij s.

Vcrditer the c weight coni cxij ti. - - j ti. vj 8. viij (

Verders of Tapistry w01 haire the Flemish ell ij s.

Vellum for Table bookes the skinn - - x s.

Violla the peece - - - xiij 8. iiij d.

Vice harps the dozen - - - ij s.

Vice tongues or hand vices the dozen - xij s.

Viniger the Tonn - - - v ti.

Vizard? the dozen - - - j ti. iiij

w.

Wadmoll the yard

Wainscot? the hundred coni 6 score

- ix d.

- x ti.

Wax I t^le *mn^re<* we'g^lt co" CXU • ij ti*

I voc hard wax the pound - iij 8. iiij d.

Whale Fins of English fishing imported by\

English in English shipping directly from VI ti. the place by the tonne - - - J

Whale Finn not of English fishing by ye Tonn c ti.

Whetstones y* c stones coni five score - xvj s. viij d. Whipcord the pound - - viij d.

Whistles Cockes or Bellows, the groce - j ti. iiij »• Whistles, Cockes or Bird? of Stone y* small 7 .-. 8 groce coni xij dozen - - - -3 3

j C Island? or green woad the Tonn coni 1 J xx hundred weight - -j"

'-Tholose woad y'c weight con cxij ti. j li- xiij*- iiij d. Worme seed? vide Drug?

{vocal S* Omers narrow £ worsted 1 . ^ y* peece - - -

voc Russells worsted or broad 1 .. ^ worsted y« peece - - 3

{Boxwood for Comb, the ioooo|jti xiij iUj d. peeces )

Brazill or Famambuck wood the 1

£ weight coni cxij ti. - V

xv s.

Wood

voc

j»-

■ *jfi-

- vs.

- j d. ob. . xxx ti.

▼iij d.

Braziletto or Gemeaco wood ye c weight cofi 112 ti. -Ebony wood ye c weight coni cxij ti.

Fusticke the c weight coni cxij ti.

Lignum vitx vide Drug?.

Plankes of Ireland the foote Red or Guiny wood the Tonne Speckled wood y* c weight coni 12 ti. xiij s. iiij d.

Sweet wood of West India ye 6 7;*: _.

weight cont cxij ti. - - j J

.Timber of Ireland y* Tonn or loade xiij 8. iiij d. "Beaver woll - - free

Cotten wool not of the growth of 3

the English plantacons p ti. - j

Cotton wool of the English plant- 7 £yCe ac&ns - - - - 3

Estridge wool imported in English^ built Ships the c weight con >free cxij ti. - -J

Irish wool combd the pound - free

Irish wool uncombd the hund weight coni cxij ti.

Woll

voc

- free

Lambs wool the hundredweight coni 7 £ree 112 ti. - - - -j

Polonia wool y* c weight con 112 ti. free Spanish wool for clothing y* c weight j £^c

free

free

Wyer

voc

Ler J

con 112 ti.

Spanish felt wool y* c weight con 1 112 ti. - - j

Red wool the pound .Wool mixt in Stuff? vitT Stuff?

Wrest? for Virginalls, the groce con xij dozen j ti. iiij 8.

-Dagger 8c <^terwyer y* pound - iij s. iiij d.

Iron wyer the c weight con cxij ti. vij ti. x 8.

Lattin wire the c weight coni cxij^ti. vj ti. xiij s. iiij d. Steel wyre the pound - - iij 8.

Strawsbrough wyre the pound - iij. iiij d. .Virginall wyre the pound - vs.

Wine lees the Tonne - - - - iiij ti.

Cable yarne y* c weight con 112 ti. xiij s. iiij d.

Camell or Mohaire yarne y* pound ij s. vj d.

Cotten yarne the pound - - j s.

Grograine yarne the pound - iij s.

Irish yarne the packe con 4 c weight 7 j. at 6 score pound to the hundred - ) ’

Raw linnen yarne Dutch or French 7 . g the pound - - - - J t

Saile yarne the pound - - vj d.

Spruce or Muscovia yarne the cV. *• • . j

r . , r .... 7 vii ti. xui s. 1111 d.

weight cont cxij ti. - - fJ J J

Scotch yarne the pound - - j 8.

Wollen or bay yarne the c weight 7 .............

cont an hunted &xij ti. * - j UJ h* TJ *• d'

Yarne

voc

nur C \

The Subsidy of Tonnage upon all Wines to bee brought into y* Port of London and all other Ports of England

the Dominions thereof by Englishmen.

Gascoigne and French wines brought into the Port of London the Tonn to pay Brought into all other Port? to pay Rhinish wines brought into any Port Awme ... -

} "'j

- iij ti. the \.

-Ph*

Muskadell .Malmeseys 8c other wines of y*

Levant brought into the Port? of London Bristoll or Southampton the Butt or Pipe to pay - -

Brought into all other Port? to pay - j ti. x s.

Sackes Canaryes Male ores Maderaes Romneys Hollocks Bastards Tents & Allicants brought into the Port of London the Butt or Pipe to pay -

Brought into all other Port? to pay . . j ti. x 8.

All Merchant Strangers bringing in any sort? of the said Wines are to pay thirty shilling? in the Tonn over & above the foresaid rates wch the Native payes, including xxs. the Tonn formerlie paid to his Matic by the name of Southampton Duties for Muskadells Malmeseyes and all other wines of the growth of the Levant for wc*» sort? of Wines the Stranger is also to pay to the use of the Towne of Southampton for every Butt or Pipe the sum of tenn shilling?

Moreover the Stranger is to pay the ancient duty of Butlerage w* is two shilling? upon every Tonne

Note that such Wines as shalbe landed in any of the Out Port? 8c Custome paid, 8c afterward? brought to the Port of London by Certificat shall pay so much more Custome as they paid short of y* duty due in the Port of London

A.D. 1660

12° Car. II. c.

THE RATES OF MERCHANDIZE.

RATES OUTWARD.

A.

AlLABASTER the loade - - ijfi.

AUom English the c weight con czij ti. j ti.

Apothecary ind Confe&ionary wares of all \ j. j.

sort? the hundred weight - - - J J

Anrills the hundred weight conf a hundred! g and twelve pound - - - -j

Apples the bushell - - - - j s.

Apples called Pippins the bushell - - j s.

Aquavitjb the hogshead - - - ij ti.

A£LlU Engli,h ^00d,.th* L"t COnlxi|}jH. xiijt. iiijd.

B.

Bacon the flitch - - - - x s.

Bagg? the dozen • - - - x s.

Bandaleirs the hundred collers Beefe the barrell -

Be ere the tonn vide after Merchandize outward Beere Egar the tonne • -

JBell mettall the hundred weight conf cxij ti.

Bellowes the dozen -Billet? the thousand -

Birding peeces the peece vide Iron ware Birdlime the c conf cxij ti. - • j ti. x s.

Boxes voc Tobacco boxes vide Haberdashry f voc stich’t Bodyes w* silke the paire ' I of whalebone the paire vide Garment?

Booes called Oxe bones the thousand - yj s. viij d. Bookes printed unbound or bound the c weight I g [at *]il2 ti. - - - •/

Braase manufactures of all sort? j* c weight [at1] uzti. -

Bridles the dozen - - - j s. viij d.

Brushes English of Heath the dozen - x s.

Buckweed the quarter vide Come Buttons of haire the small groce con xij dozen vj d.

Butter good or badd the barrell - - iij ti.

"Barnstaple course of xx pound \ .

weight 8c under the bay - / J • VJ

Manchester or Barnstaple fine 8c all other single bayes not exceeding >j ti.

34 ti. weight the peece - J

X 8.

iij ti.

jti. iiij ti. vjs. ijti.

jti.

' xvj s. viij d.

Bays

Double bayes the peece in weighty from xxxiiii ti. weight to sixty Iij ti. pound weignt - - J

Minikin bayes conf in weight from 'j 6o ti. weight to 90 ti. weight to V iij ti. pay as three single bayes - j

And if they doe conf above 90 ti. un weight 8c not above 11a u. to pay all duties as for single bayes & no more

c.

Calves skins the dozen of thirty six pound *>.... weight undrest 8c drest * - jU

By strangers - - v ti.

Noe one skinn in any dozen drest or undrest to exceed four pound in weight Cambodium the pound - - - j s. vj d.

CanH^ /,the dozen pound - - vs.

'-the barel con x dozen pound - ij ti. x s.

Capps

vo8

Cards

vo£

V)S.

xij s.

viij s. iiij d.

X s.

jti. iiijs. vs*

X 8.

vjs.

kvs.

- jti.

XV s.

v ti.

Canvas English [tufted1} y* peece conf 30 yard? vide Linnen.

Canvas Shropshire making y* c ells conf 5 score vuf Linnen.

f Monmouth capps plaine the dozen

J Monmouth capps trimd ye dozen

f buttond English making the dozen

'-of Wool blacke the dozen

{Stocke card? the dozen Tow card? new the dozen Woll card? new the dozen Wool card? old the dozen Playing Card? the hundred weight at any hundred 8c twelve pound - - J

Card bord? the small groce conf twelve dozen j ti. Carpet? Northeme the peece - - xj s. viij d.

Catling? or English Hatt makers string? the I

groce conf twelve dozen - - - J ^ 8*

Cheese the c weight con cxij ti.

Cloakes old the peece vide Garment?

Cloke bagg? the dozen -Coaches and Chariot? of all sort? the peece

Sea Coles the Chalder New Castle 'v measure exported by English in I viij ti. English built Bottomes - - J

Sea Coles the Chalder London mea- 'j sure exported by English in Eng- I v ti. lish built Bottoms - - J

Sea Coles of Wales or the West countrey w^ shall be transported into Ireland the Isle of Mann or Scotland to pay xij d. the Chalder water measure

The Offi2s of y* Port? to take good security for the landing of the said Coles respectively

The Merchant Stranger to pay double Custome if hee carry out Coles in a forraigne Bottome, but [if *] in any English Bottoms then xiiij s. the Chaldron

That if any English transport Coles in strange built Bottomes to pay ^Strangers Custome.

Combes of wood bone or horn or any other sort vide Habberdashry.

Cobwebb Lawnes the yard Comfet? the pound vide Confe&ionary Cony haire or Wool blacke or white the pound Copper manufactures of all sort? the hundred 1 weight at one hundred and twelve pound - /

Cordage tard or untard the hundred weighty

- j s. viij d j s. iij d. Curricombes vide Iron ware.

Cushons of Yorkeshire the dozen - - j ii.

Cottons Northeme, Manchester, Tanton and! .

Welch Cot tens the hundred Goades -j-1 Cottons called Welsh plaines the hundred 1 ...

Goades - - - . . -{‘J*1-

"Barley the quarP conteyning eight"»

KiiaKaIIs _ _ f X 8.

Coales

vocaf.

conf an hundred and twelve pound Coverletts

viij d.

vjs.

► xvj s.

► X 8.

viij d.

C of Wool 8c haire the peece Cof Caddace the peece

x 5.

Come

bushells Mault the quarter Beanes the quarter Oates the quarter Pease the quarter Wheate the quarter Rye the quarter Buck wheate the qrter

X 8. XS.

vjs.

XS.

jti.

XS.

XS.

viij d.

200

12° Car. II. c. 4.

A.D. 1660.

D.

- ixd. peece - iij 8. iiij d.

Damix. i Tarc*

I voS Coverlet? English the j

Dice vide Habberdashers ware

Dimitty the yard ----- iiij d.

Doublet? of Leather the peece vide Garment?

Dust of Cloves of Ginger of Lignum vitae of

Mace of Nutmeg? of Pepper of all Spices

and the like are to bee exported Custome

free having paid at y« importacon

E.

Emery Stones the hundred weight con! Ii2ti. iij s. iiij d.

/-Brickes & Tiles of all sort? the\;. ....

thousand - -

All other sort? of Earthen 8c

Stone Ware made in England >iij s. iiij d. the hundred parcells not rated J

Earthen

Ware

F.

j ii. x s.

Fennell seed the c weight coni cxij ti.

rwth Silke or Copper vide Silke Figuretto. J narrow the peece - - xv s.

C broade the peece - - j ti. xs.

Filozelles broade of silke vide silke Fire lockes the peece vide Iron wrought

Fitches the timber coni forty skinns - j ti. xiij s. iiij d.

Flannell the yard - - iiij d. ob.

Flask? of Horne vide Habberdashers ware.

Flax the hundred weight coni cxij ti. - j ti.

Freezes the yard - - - - - vj d.

Fustians of English making of all sorts to goe out free.

Garment? or wearing apparrell of all sort?

[to'] goe out free.

Gartering^ [of] cruell the groce coni ial -.j

dozen - - - - - J J J

Garters of worsted y* groce coni 12 dozen - ij s. vj d. Gelding? or Nagg? vid* Horses For English Plan taco ns vid" Horses

Girdles

r of Leather for men the groce coni 1 . ..

twelve dozen - ,}»J‘-«|d.

for children y* groce con 12 dozen x s. w of Norwich the dozen - - vjs. viijd.

Glasse broken the barrell - - iij s. iiij d.

Glasse for windowes per chest - - x s.

Glasses to drinke in bottles & all other sort? "1......

of glasses the hundred - - -juj8* U1J

Glew English the g weight con cxij ti. - xvj s. viij d.

"plaine of Sheepe Kidd or Lambs 1 ...

Leather the dozen paire - J s*

fringed 8c stitched w* silke the 1 . ...

Gloves ^ dozen payre - - .jvJ8. vu, d.

surd w* Cony wool y« dozen payre vj s. viij d. of Buckes leather the dozen - j ti.

Glovers clipping? the fatt or maund - ij ti.

Goose quills the thousand - - ij s.

Grindlestones the chalder - - - xiij s. iiij d.

Gunpowder the g weight coni uati. - ij ti.

Guttf called Oxe gut? the barrell - - j ti.

H.

fPackthred Inkle Tape Filleting,'

I Buttons of all sort? Hookes Haberdash'* J & Eyes 8c other Haber- 1 .

ware. j dashrv English making not

J pticularly rated, by y« g con

L cxij ti. - -

voc.

Hart? haire the hundred weight coni ^ g

vjti.

Haire cxijli\ ' " ' *J

~ < Horse haire y* g weight coni cxij ti.

I Oxe or Cow hair the hund : weight \ x-L coni cxij ti. - -

Haire cloth the peece Hake fish the hundred coni six score

. iiij d. iiij d.

XIJS.

- XIIJ I

- iij s.

Harness voc Coach hamesse the paire wth \

bridles.................................../JI

Hart? home the c weight coni cxij ti. - j ti* Hatband? of cruel the groce conteyning xij V j dozen - - - /

Hatchet? the dozen vide Iron ware.

rBeavers & Demicasters of English! j. j.

Hatts. < making the dozen - - / '

Felt? & all other hat? the dozen - x s.

Hawkes hood? the dozen - - - ij s. vj d.

Hemp seed the c^ter coni 8 bushells - ij ti.

-packed the barell xiij s. iiij d.

*2 I unpacked or Sea 1

j stickes ye Last V viij ti.

L coni 18 t>aru? -3 -packed the barrell vj s. viij d.

Herring

voc

winter

herrings

white

t<

Herrings

voc

Herrings

voc

Somer

Herrings

shotten

Winter Herrings red full.

Winter Herrings red . Shotten

white

Red.

unpacked or Sea ^ stick? the Last iiiijti.

- con 18 baru? - J

the cade con five} . hundred - _) VJ 8*

the Last coni 20' cades or ten thousand

the cade coni 500 the Last coni 20

Cades or ten thousand

packed the barell - vj s. viij d. packed the Last coni 1 ...

xij bar"f - -W'

unpacked or seastick "j the Last con 18 iiiijti.

. bar11' - -J

the Cade coni 5 C the Last coni 20

Cades or ten thou-* sand

u- Vvjii. 00 iij s. u- i iij ti

iij s.

Hornes voc

u- V iij ti.

- x s.

- jti. xs. • iiij s.

- iiij s.

Holsters the dozen paire Hops the C weight at cxij ti.

"Blowing homes small the dozen of Buckes the hundred Inkhornes ye dozen vide Habber dashry

Homes for Lanthomes y* thousand ! leaves

Oxe homes the thousand -Powder homes the dozen -of Rams the thousand of Sheepe the thousand Shooing homes the dozen Stag? homes y* hundred .Tips of homes the thousand Horselitters 8c Sedans the peece "Stone horses the peece Gelding? or Nags the peece Gelding?^or Nag? to y* English

Horses

/j";

ij ti. xs. iiij s.

in.

iijs. iiij d. viij d. j ti. xij s.

XV 8.

ijti. xs.

lxvj ti. xiij s. iiij d. xx ti.

Planta£5ns - - - jJ

Mares the Mare - cxxvjti. xiijs. iiij d.

Horse tailes w* haire the hundred weight' contayning 5 score Horse collers the hundred coni 5 score - ij ti.

Hoopes for barels the thousand - - xiij s. iiij d.

12° Car. II. c. 4.

201

i.

p.

JcweUi precious stones rod Petries Iron wrought viz. Axes Adzes Hoes Armo*' Bit? Knives, Lockes fowling peeces, Mtuketf Put oils Cissors, Stirrops, k all Carpents k Gravers tooles Jackwork Clocke worke k all Ironmongers wares perfectly manufactured the hundred weight coni cxij li. - - -

free

>x s.

Iron the tonn - - - - - xvj ti.

Old Iron the tonn - - - xvj ti.

Iron Ordnance the hundred weight coni one ) ..v hundred 8c iati. - - -

Irish Mantles the Mantle - - iij s. iiij d.

K.

,r . rShomakers paring knives Sheffeild < knives Cutting knives Lond: TOC C knives, vid. Iron ware.

Parchment the rolle - - - . xiij s, iiij d.

Pas[t1 ] bord? the groce coni xij dozen - xij s. Pictures of English making the hundred I weight printed or painted - - -Jvl*

Pilchers the tonn by strangers - - xx ti.

Point? of Leather the small groce coni xij doz. vj d.

Purles of Broadcloth the peece - - ij d.

Porke the barrell - - - - - iiij ti.

R.

Rape cakes the thousand - - - - x s.

Rape seed the quar? coni 8 bushell - - iij ti.

Rugs (Irish Rugg the yard - - iiij d.

voc \ Irish Rug? for Bed? the Rugg - vj s. viij d.

Russetting for painters the c weight cofi 11 ati. v s. Rashes voc silke Rashes broade or narrow the yard vide Silke ware.

Ribbon vide Silke manufactures.

Lace.

ti

L.

-Lace of gold k silver the pound - j ti. xvj s.

Lace of velvet the pound vide silk Statute Lace the groce coni xij w dozen vide silke Letherage of Lead the hundred weight con-! . • •.

teyning an hundred and xij ti. - - /

Lamprills the thousand - - - j ti. vj s. viij d.

Leather manufactures of any sort not pticularly 1

rated the pound - - - •/

Loomc worke the yard - - - vj d.

Lime the chalder - - - xiij s. iiij d.

Linnen (viz1) all sort? of cloth made of Hemp "1 or Flax fine or course of English manufac- > x s. ture the pecce not exceeding forty ells. -3 Linseed the quarter coni 8 bushells - - iij ti.

Iinsey woolsey vide Stuffe

Lumen shreddy the maund or fatt - - ij ti.

List? of cloth the thousand yard? - - j ti. x s.

Lead cast and uncast the fodder coni 20 hun- \ _ x-dred weight - - - -/XXT,‘

Note that every stranger is to pay for Lead double cnstome.

M.

Maps 8c Sea Cart? of all sort? y« c weight!

connati.........................../*•

Mastered «] seed the c weight coni cxij ti. - x s. Mabuses or Rameales the tonn - - xti.

N.

Nailcs of all sort? the hundred weight coni! an hundred 8c twelve pound? - - j v

Nutt? small the bar11 coni 3 bushell? - vj s. viij d.

o.

Oatmeale.

' the bushell

iijs. iiij d. xs.

’ {the barn coni 3 bushell? -Oyle voc Traine oyle made in England the tonn x ii. Oysters the small barTell in pickle - - j s. iiij d.

Oker yellow or red the hundred weight coni! . *. extf ti............................-

exq 1 Oxen the Oxe

- vj ti. xiij s. iiij d.

v S.

iij s. iij s.

iiij d.

C Great saddles the peece Saddles < All other saddles of all sort? a peece ^Saddle-trees the dozen Sackcloth to make sacks vide Linnen.

Saffron the pound -Salt peter the hund : weight coni cxij ti.

Sea morse teeth the pound -Scabbard? for sword? the dozen

w*thred the yard 1 Linnen r* thred the peece )

ShoreUs. (,ht>d ^ d°Zen * * '

L unshod the dozen

Shred? k peeces of Broad cloth the pound c old the hundred dozen paire Shoes. < aj| new Shoes Bootes and Slippers ? x

the pound weight - - 3

Silke voc English thrown silke the pound cont ! ...

xvj ounces - - - - J * * J

All other [silke1] manufactures made of silke! only or of silke k worsted or of silk k thred > j s. viij d. or haire the pound weight - - J

"Tawed and dyed into! colors the hundred }jii. coni exx

Shag. {;

jti. xs. iiij ti. iij s. iiij d. js. viij d.

iiij s.

iij s. iiij d. vj d. iiij ti.

Cony

skins

Gray stagg the 6 score Grey seasoned con six score

xs.

Grey taweJ six score

ye

c conl

Ae !}j*

c coni')

xiij s. iiij d.

Skims . vocal '

Kid

skins

(In th co Dres 5

Blacke w4 silver haires

or wthout the hundred > ij ti. xiij s. iiij d. coni 6 score - -)

In the haire the hundred I contayning 5 score /

hundred conl j xuj a. iiij d.

voc Morekins untawed!

the hundred coni 6 Vxvjs. viij d. score - - - J

voc Morekins tawed w*!

y* wool the hundred sxvj s. viij d.

______ coni 6 score - - J

skins. ' white or blacke untawed

the hundred coni six >jii. vjs. vnjc score - - J

white or black tawed w0*!

the wool the hundred V j ti. x s. con 6 score - J

, raw the peece - - j s.

tawed the peece - j s. iiij d.

wombs the mantle - x s.

Lambe

iij <i.

Otter

skins

3F

202

12° Car. II. c. 4.

A.D. 1660

Skinns

vocal

Sheep

Lamb < skins

xs.

XV 8.

iij d. jti. vjs. ▼iij d. ij s. vj d. ijs. vjd. jti. vjs.

j*-

ijs. xd.

viij d.

▼iij d.

. x '\iijii,

c conteyning 6 score J J

drest wthout wool the hundred coni 6 score

I Pe,‘<>.the,hundred con- I iij 1i. vjs,

L teyng five score - J J J

Rabbit skins blacke the hundred Hare skins the peece Cats skins the hundred Fox skins the peece Swans skinns the peece Dogs skins the dozen Elke skins the peece raw Wolfe skins tawed the peece Badgers skins the peece ^Squirrel! skins the thousand Sleeves of Leather v. Garraentf

c hard English make the hundred 1 Soape. < conteyning cxij ti. - - j

the barrell - - - - j ti.

{English making the single peece coni 15 yards vide silkf

The double peece coni 30 yards vide Silkes

Spratts the Cade coni a thousand - - j s. viij d.

Starch the g weight conteyning a hundred \ . x-and twelve pound - - - - V

Steel voc Gad steele the hundred weight con- I . »• teyning cxij ti. - - - -V

Irish the dozen - - -vs.

Kersey long the paire - - j s. iij d.

Kersey short the dozen payTe - iij s. ixd.

Leather the dozen vide Garmentf Silk stockings vide Silke manu-Stock- ^ factures mgs Wollen for children the dozen - js. viijd.

Worsted for children the dozen - iij s. iiij d. Wollen for men the dozen - vs.

Worsted for men the dozen - xij s. vj d.

Lower ends of worsted stockings 1 .

the dozen - - - J * *

{Hilling stone the thowsand - iij s. iiij d.

Slate the thousand - - xv s.

'Terpetuanoes 8c Serges in regard of I . ..

the coursnessthe pound weight y* '

All other Stufff made of wool or^i

mixed w* hayre or thred the Vjs. iiijd.

, pound weight - - J

Stigers of all sorts formerly brought into this*\

Kingdome 8c after refined 8c made into I loaves 8c exported by way of Merchandize the hundred coni cxij ti. - - J

T.

Tallow English the hundred weight coni I cxij ti. - - - - - -j’*’

Tapistry or Domix Hangingf of what sort ^ soever made in England whereof any part > x d. of Wool the pound - - - - J

r black the pound - -

blew voc Coventrey blew y* pound-'

Thrums the hundred con five score pound - xiij s. iiij d. Tiking English the peece vide Linnen Tiffany made of Thred the yard vid, Linnen.

Tobacco pipes the small groce coni xij dozen j s.

r English broade the yard Taffktas 1 English narrow the y^d - \vid. Silke Cwth thred the yard - - J

dweig-ht""I}"j*- ’j*- viiid-

J wrough voc Pewter the hundred

conteyning cxij ti. - - 3 V

Stones

vocal

Stuffs

vocal

>xs.

Tynn

Note that every Merchant stranger is to pay for Tynne double custome.

V.

Velules English the single peece coni seven 1

yards..................................3

Velures the double peece conteyning fifteen 1 . *.

yards..................................PT,‘

Viniger of wine the tonne - - ij ti. vj t. viij d.

Virginalls the payre - ~ - j ti.

W.

Watches of all sorts the peece - - x s.

Wadmoll the yard - - - - iiij d. ob.

of Wadmoll the dozen of Cotten the dozen

of Kerseys of Flannell the peece fvid. Garm(f of Worsted knit the peece of Wollen knit the peece -English the hundred weight coni ^ yj yj

• ij*.

Wast

Coates.

Wax.

f -

a hundred and twelve pound English hard wax the pound Weld the hundred weight coni cxij ti.

Whalebone [cut or1] wrought vide Haber dashry

Whale finns the groce coni xij dozen Woad English the tonne Woad nets the hundred coni 5 score - zs '•Redwood the hundred weight coni^. j.

- jti. vs.

ijs.

xv ti.

an hundred & twelve pound Wood ^ Gambray wood the hundred coni

xs.

an hundred and xij ti. -Box wood the tonne

Worsted S narrow £ngli8h the P* C broade English the peece Wine leeze the butt -Wool Spanish free.

j-iiijs. vjd.

iiij ti.

XV 8.

jti.

jti.

Tame vocal Grograine Tame the pound - iiij s.

Tonnage.

Bee re

For every tonn of Beere to be ex- *\ ported in shipping English built, \ i in money - - - J

For

ijs.

>r every tonn of Beere exported 1 . in any other shipping inmony/^1’

Goods Inwards not rated to pay five per Cent

And if there shall happen to be brought in or carryed out of thin Realme any goods lyable to the payment of Custome & Subsidy wch either are omitted in this booke or are not now used to bee brought in or caTryed out or by reason of the great diversity of the value of some goods could not bee rated That in such case every Customer or Collector for the time being shall levy the said Custome and Subsidy of poundage according to the value 8c price of such goods to bee affirmed upon the oath of the Merchant in the psence of the Customer Collector Comptroller 8c Surveyor or any two of them

Directions for the payment of the Subsidy upon Wollen Cloths [or1] ould Drapery

Every English man shall pay for every short'] cloth conteyning in length not not above I xxviij yards 8c in weigh not above lxiiijti. >iij s. iiijd. white or coloured, by him to be shipped 8c cifryed out of this Kingdome 8cc. -Being after y* rate of 2 farthingf & £ a farthing the pound weight

12° Car. II. c. 4.

203

And so after that late for all other sorts of clothes of greater length and weight allowing not above a8 yard? 8c 64 ti. to a short doth, that is to my for every pound weight over 8c above 64 li. a farthingf and halfe a farthing 8c for all other sorts of lesser clothes to be allowed to a short cloth as hereafter is expressed Every stranger shall pay for every Short cloth" coot in length not above xxviij yard? 8c in weight not above lxiiij ii. white or coloured Lvj 8. viij d. by him to be shipped 8c carryed out of this Kingdome ...

besides the old - - - - - j s. ij d.

And so after that rate for all other sorts of cloth of greater length and weight and for all sorts of lesser clothf to bee allowed to a short cloth as hereafter is expressed.

What 8c how many sorts of the lesser Wollen clothf hereafter specified shalbe allowed to a short cloth.

r Dorset 8c SoiSset dozens rudge'

I wash’t -

| Cardinalls ..

j Pin whites ...

Swtn < Struts..............................

Statutes - -

Stockbridges --Tavestockf -

fTauntons Bridgwaters 8c Dunsters I the five not exceeding sixty four Five J pound in weight

I Devon dozens con 1 % or 13 yards L in weight xiij ti.

Four

Three

Two

Ordnary Pennistons or Forrest Whites con between 12 8c 13 yards 8c in weight xxviij ti. Sorting Pennistons coil 13 or 14 yards k 8c in weight xxxv ti. unfrized ("Narrow Yorkshire Kersyet whites 8c reds coh not above 17 or 18 yards 8c in weight xxij ti.

Hampshire ordnary Kersies

Newbery whites 8c other Kersies of

like making coni 24 yards 8c in weight 2811.

Sorting Hampshire Kersies coH 28 yards 8c in weight 32 ti.

C Northern Dozens single sorting

Pennistons coni between 8c L 14 yards 8c in weight 35 ti. fnzed

•hall goe 8c bee

accompted for a short cloth 8c shall pay after the Rate ►of the short cloth before rated 8c for over weight two farthingf 8c half# the pound.

One Northerne dozen double

The new sort [of cloth1] called Spanish cloth otherwise narrow list Westerne broad cloth not exceeding 25 yards in length 8c 43 ti. in weight to be accompted two thirds of y* short cloth before rated.

And for every pound weight exceeding 43 ti. 2 farthingf 8c £ a farthing ye pound weight

Cloth Rashes ats cloth Serges con 30 yards weying 40 ii. to be accounted y of y* short cloth before rated.

And for every pound exceeding 40 ti. weight 2 farthingf 8c halfe a farthing the pound w1.

And for any other sort of wollen Cloth of the old or new Drapery 8c not menconed in this booke to pay 2 farthingf 8c \ a farthing for the Subsidy of every pound weight thereof.

Certaine Rules Orders Direc6ns & Allowances for the Advancement of Trade and incouragem1 of the Merchant, as

also for the Regulating as well of y* Merchant? in making due Entryes & just payment of theire Customes, as

of the Oflic?s in all the Port? of this Kingdome in the faithfull discharge of theire dutie.

I. First EVERY Merchant shall have free libertie to breake Bulke in any Port allowed by the La we, 8c to pay custome and subsidy for noe more then hce shall enter and land, Provided that the Mr or Purser of every Ship shall first make Declaracon upon fftfh before any two principall Officers of the Port of the true content of his Ships lading 8c shall likewise after declare upon [his1] oath before the Customer Collector Comptroller or SurveyoT or two of them, at the next Port of this Kingdome where his Ship shall arrive the quantity 8c qualitie of the goods landed at the other Port where Bulke was first broken and to whom they did belong.

II. All forraigne goods and Merchandizes Except Wines Currans and wrought silkes first imported shalbe againe exported

by any Merchant English wthin twelve monthes or stranger w^n nyne months And such Merchant or Merchantf as shall export any soch forraigne Goods or Merchandize (except before excepted) shall have allowance 8c bee repaid by the Officer received the same the one moy[c‘]tie of the subsidy wch was paid at the first importaam of such forraigne Goods 8c Merchandize or any part thereof so as due prose bee first made by certificat from the Offi?s of the due entry 8c payment of the custome and subsidy of all such forraigne goods 8c merchandizes inwardf together w* the oath of the Merchantf importing and exporting the same affirming the truth thereof 8c the name of his MaUe* Searcher 8c under Searcher in the Port of London, 8c of the Searcher of any other the out Ports testifying the Shipping thereof to bee exported, After all wch duly performed in manner

before expressed the moity of the Subsidy first paid inwardf shall w^out any delay or reward bee repaid unto such Merchant

or Merchantf who doe export such goods 8c Merchandize w^in one month after demand thereof, As also the whole additional! doty of silkes linnen [and Tobacco1] in manner as is before is directed.

IU. And if there be any agreement now in force, was formerly made by the late ComissiorSs of y* Customes and Subsidyes w* the Merchantf Strangers or theire Factors or shall hereafter bee made by any Conis or Fermors of the Customes and Subsidyes or any other power (except by consent of Parliament) w11* any Merchant or Merchantf Strangers or theire Factors for any forraigne goods 8c Merchandize to bee brought into the port of London or any other Port or Haven of this Kingdome of England or principality of Wales 8c to bee exported againe by way of composition, all other Merchantf being his MatiCf subje&f shall bee admitted into the same composition 8c not bee excluded from any other priviledge whatsoever granted to the Stranger by any private agreem* orcomposifiSn under the same conditions 8c wlh the same restri&ions as shalbee made w* the Merchant stranger.

IV. Every Merchant as well English as Stranger that shall ship and export any kind of Wines wrh formerlie have paid all the dutyes of the Tonnage inwardf shall have repaid or allowed unto them all the dutyes of Tonage paid inwards except to the English man twenty •hillingf the Tonne, 8c except to the stranger five 8c twenty shillingf the Tonne, upon due prose of the due entry 8c payment of the tonnage inwardf 8c of the shipping thereof to bee exported to be made in manner as in y* second Article is mentioned 8c expressed.

1 interlined.

204

12° Car. II. c. 4.

A.D. 1660.

V. If any Merchant Denizon or Stranger shall export any Spanish or forraigne wolls hee shall hare liberty so to doe w* this further Condition that such Spanish or other forraigne wools whatsoever bee not exported in any other Ship or Veseell whatsoever intent to bee arrived beyond the Seas out of the Kingdome of England 8c dominyon of Wales then only in English shipping upon paine of Confisca65n.

VI. Every Merchant as well English as Stranger w* shall ship 8c export any Currans formerly were duly entered, and paid the Subsidy and Custome inwardf shall have allowed or repaid unto them respectively all the Custome and Subsidy paid inwardf for the same except eighteen pence for every hundred weight to the English and two and twenty pence halfe penny for every hundred weight to the Stranger, upon due prose of the due entry and payment of the custome, and Subsidy thereof Inwardf, and of the shipping thereof to bee exported to be made in manner as in the second Article is declared.

VII. If any Merchant having duly paid all Dutyes inwardf for forragne goods, and in regard of bad sales shall be infbrced to keepe the same or any part thereof in his hands after the space of a yea re shall bee elapsed in this case hee or any other person is to bee permitted to shipp the same out for the parts beyond the Seas, if they soe thinke fitt w*out payment of any subsidy for the same outwardf upon due prose that y* same was duly entred 8c Subsidy paid inwardf.

Vm. Every Merchant bringing in any sort of Wines into this Kingdome by Way of Merchandize 8c shall make due entryes of the same in the Custome house shall bee allowed twenty p Cent for Leacage

IX. Every Hoghshead of Wine wcfc shall bee run out and not full seven inches or above left therein, and every Butt or Pipe not above 9 inches shall bee accompted for outs, 8c the Merchant to pay no Subsidy for the same.

X. If any wines shall prove corrupt 8c unmarchantable, 8c fitt for nothing but to distill into hott waters, or to make Viniger, then every owner of such wines shall bee abated in the Subsidy, according to such his damages in those wines, by the discretion of the Collectors of the Customes 8c one of the principall Offi2s.

XI. If any Tobacco or other goods or merchandize brought into this Kingdome, shall receive any damage by salt water or otherwise, so that the owner thereof shall be pjjudiced in the sale of such goods, the principall Offices of the Custome house or any two of them, whereof the Collector for the time being to bee one, shall have power to choose two indifferent Merchantf, experienced in the values of such goods, who upon visiting of the said goods shall certify and declare upon theire corporall oaths, first administered by the said Offi2s what damage such goods have received, 8c are lessened in theire true value, 8c according to such damage in relation to the Rates set on them in this booke, the said Offi2s are to make a proportionable abatement unto the Merchant or Owner, of the Subsidy due for the same.

XII. The Merchant stranger, who according to the Rates 8c Values in this booke conteyned doe pay double Subsidy for

Lead Tinne Wollen clothes shall also pay double custome for Native manufactures of wool or part wool, 8c the sayd strangers are to pay for all other goods as well Inwardf as Outwardf, rated to pay the Subsidy of poundage three pence in the pound

or any other duty payable by Charta Mercatoria besides the Subsidy

XIII. That the Merchantf trading into the Port of London have free liberty to lade 8c unlade theire goods at any the lawful!

Keyes 8c places of shipping 8c landing of goods between the Tower of London 8c London bridge, and between Sun rising 8c

Sunn setting from the tenth [day1] of September to the 10th day of March and between the hours of six of the clocke in the

morning and six in the evening from the tenth day of March to the tenth day of September, giveing notice thereof to the respective Offi2s appointed to attend the lading 8c unlading of goods, And such Officer as shall refuse upon due calling to bee jJsent, hee shall forfeite for every default five pounds the one moytie to the King 8c the other moity to the partie agreived and suing for the same

XIV. The Merchantf of Yorke Kingston upon Hull, 8c New Castle upon Tine 8c the members thereof, shalbee allowed free of Custome 8c Subsidy, two of the Northeme Clothes 8c Kersies in tenn to be shipped in those Ports in the names of double wrappers, as formerly hath been [there1 ] allowed them.

XV. The Merchantf of Excester 8c other Westeme parts shalbe allowed free of Subsidy one Perpetuano in tenn for a wrapp, & three Devon dozens in twenty for wrappers the same to bee shipped out of ye Ports of Excester Plymouth Dartmouth Barnstaple Lyme Regis or the members thereof

XVI. All Merchantf transporting any sorts of Wollen whether new or old Drapery, as also Bayes and Cottons shall bee allowed one in tenn for a wrapper free of Custome 8c Subsidy

XVn. Every Merchant shall be allowed upon all other goods 8c merchandize appointed to pay to any the Subsidy of Poundage, according to the rule of this booke, to be imported five in the hundred of all the said Subsidyes of Poundage soe appointed to bee paid.

XVIII. The OffiSs who sit above in the Custome house of the Port of London shall attend the service of theire several] places, from nine to twelve of the clocke in the forenoone, and one Officer or one able Clerke shall attend [w*1] the booke in the afternoone, during such time as the Officers are appointed to waite at the water side, for the better deciding of all controversies that may happen concerning Merchantf warrantf. All other the Offi2s of the out Ports shall attend every day in the Custome house of every respective Port for dispatch of Marchantf 8c Shippers, between the houres of nine of the clocke and twelve in the morning, 8c two and four of the clocke in the afternoone.

XIX. Every Merchant making an entry of goods either inwardf or outwardf shall bee dispatched in such order as hee cometh, and if any Officer or his Clerke shall either for favour or reward put any Merchant or his Servant duly attending by his turne, or otherwise delay any Person so duly attending 8c making his entryes aforesaid, to draw any other reward or gratuity from him then is Unfitted in the A & for Tonnage and Poundage and this Booke, if the Master Officer bee found faulty herein hee shall uppon complaint to the cheife Officers of the Custome house bee strictly admonished of his duty, but if the Clerke be found faulty therein, hee shall upon complaint to the said cheife Offi2s bee psently discharged of his service 8c not permitted to sit any more in the Custome house.

»• interlined.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c.4.

205

IX. The Lord Maior Cominalty and Cittizens of the Citty of London theire Officers or Deputyes for 8c touching the Offices of Paccage, Scavage, Baleage or Portage of any Goods or Merchandize of Aliens, or theire Sonns born wlhin this Kingdome or Unfreemen imported or exported into or out of the Citty of London or the Liberties or Parts thereof, unto, or from the Parts beyond the Seat, for or concerning the receiving or taking of any fees or rates heretofore usually taken, for or in respect of the said Offices or any of them might Sc may receive Sc take the same, Any thing in the Act for Tonnage 8c Poundage or this Booke or any former Act to the contrary ootw^ttanding.

XXI. AH ancient dutyes heretofore lawfully taken by any Citty or Towne Corporate, theire Fermors Deputies or Officers under the name of Towne Custome or the like for the maintaynance of Bridges Keyes, Harbo" Wharfes or the like shall and may bee received Sc enjoyed as formerly Any thing in the said Act or any other Act or Booke to the contrary notwithstanding

XXII. The under Searcher or other Officers of Gravesend having power to visite and search any Ship outward bound, shall not w*out just Sc reasonable cause deteyne any such ship under color of searching the goods therein laden above three tides after her arrival] at Gravesend under paine of losse of theire office Sc rendring damage to the Merct Sc Owner of the Ship And the Searcher or ocher Officer of the Custome house in any of the out ports having power to search Sc visite any ship outward bound, shall not w^tout just Sc reasonable cause deteyne any such ship und*l Color of Searching the goods therein laden above one tyde after the [sd1] Ship is fully laden Sc ready to set saile, under paine of losse of the office of such offender Sc rendring damage to the Merchant & Owner of y* ship.

XXIII. Note That all Timber in Balkes, w«* shalbee of eight inches square or upwardf, that shalbe imported or brought from any part beyond the Sea into the Realme of England Dominion of Wales, Port and Towne of Berwick or any of them shalbe rated according to the measure of Timber the foote square iij d. for the Value thereof. Sc according to that Rule shall pay for Subsidy twelve pence in the pound according to poundage, Sc all under eight inches square Sc above five inches square, shall pay for Subsidy according to the Rates mentioned in this Booke of Rates for middle Balkes, Sc all of five inches sqare or under shall pay according to the Rate of small Balkes.

XXIV. For avoiding [of1] all oppressions by any of the OffiSs of the Customes in any Port of this Kingdome, in exacting unreasonable fees from the Merchant by reason of any entrye or otherwise touching the shipping or unshipping of any Goods Wares Sc Merchandize: It is ordered, that noe Officer Clerke or other, belonging to any Custome house whatsoever shall exact require or receive any other or greater fee of any Merchaut or other whatsoever then such as are or shalbee established by the Comons in Parliament assembled, If any Officer or other shall offend contrary to this order, hee shall forfeite his Office Sc Place Sc bee for ever after uncapable of any office in the Custome house

XXV. All Fees appointed to bee paid to the Customer Comptroller, Surveyo7 or Surveyor Generali in the Port of London for any Cocquet or Certificat outwardf shalbe paid altogether in one sum to that Offi2 from whom the Merchant is to have his Cocquet or Certificat above in the Custome house, and after the Merchant hath duly paid his Custome Sc Subsidy Sc other duties above in the Custome house as is appointed by this booke of Rates, hee is to be Mr of Sc keep his owne Cocquet or Certificat untill hee shall ship out his goods so entred, when as hee is to deliver the same to the head Searcher, or his Ma*"* under Searcher in the Port of London or other Ports together w* y* marke Sc number of his goods.

XXVI. The Officers of the Custome house for the time being shall allow Sc make good, unto all Persons all such monyes as are or shall bee due unto them, for the halfe subsidie, and also the Algier duty of Forraigne Goods formerly exported now due Sc unpaid.

XXVII. The duties Sc sums of mony appointed to bee paid by the Act of Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage passed this Parliament Sc by the Booke of Rates therein mentioned 8c noe other shall bee paid to his Matie# Officers during the continuance of the said Act upon Goods imported or exported Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding Nevertheles it is declared, That prizage of Wines the duty called Butlerage Sc the duty of Twelve pence upon every Chalder of Sea Coles exported from Newcastle upon Tyne to any other Port or Ports of this Realme shalbe continued.

Har : G rims ton Barronet Speaker of the House of Commons.

1 interlined.

30

12° Car. I. c. 5—7.

J.ZM660.

Rot. Pari, i a C.//.

I. «i. 5.

Excise Duties continued;

to be collected by the Rules, &c. as the same were payable the 24th April last.

n.

Certain Goods, imported after ,24th July 1660, free from Excise.

Rot. Parl. 12 C. II. p. I. nu.6. 23H.VIII. c.5.^1. recited.

Commissioners of Sewers to be made, by the Lord Chancellor, and others, before the 23d October next ensuing.

Their Power.

II.

23 H. VIII. c. 5. not repealed.

HI.

The King's Assent not to determine this Parliament.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for continuing the Excise untill the twentyeth of August One thousand six hundred & sixty.

BEE it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majesty and the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled that the imposition called Excise shall continue to be collected leavied and paid together with all arreares therof (not pardoned) to the Comissioners who now collect the same, and their deputyes from the twenty fowerth of June inclusively in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty untill the twentyeth day of August in the same yeare according unto, and after the rates rules and proportions and upon the same goods and merchandizes as the same was payable and collected the twenty fowerth day of Aprilt last past.

Provided that all sorts of Oyls Wines Tobaccoes of the English Plantations Silks Tapes Inckles IJnnens Tiles called Pan-Tiles, Playing Cardf Girdles of all sorts. Cabinets of all sorts, Copperice, Hops, all sorts of Lace, and all commodities made of Earth Glasse or Stone imported after the twenty fourth of July One thousand six hundred and sixty shall be thenceforth discharged of the duty of Excise.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for the present Nominating of Commissioners of Sewers.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the Three and twentyeth Yeare of the Raigne of King Henry the Eighth It is enacted That Commissions of Sewers shall be directed in manner as in the said Act is expressed to such persons as shall be named by the Lord Chauncellour and the Lord Treasurer of England, and the two Cheife Justices for the time being or by three of them, wherof the Chauncellor to be one. And whereas our Soveraigne Lord the King hath not as yet beene pleased to make or constitute any person to be Treasurer of England, or Cheife Justice of either Bench. In default wherof noe Commissioners of Sewers can at this present time be named according to the appointment of the said Statute. And now great Damages haveing lately happened in many parts of this Realme by Inundations of Waters which are likely to increase to the greater dammage of the people unlesse speedy remedy be in this behalfe provided Bee it therefore enacted by this present Parliament that Comissions of Sewers shall and may at any time before the three and twentyeth day of October next ensueing and not after be directed according to the manner and forme expressed in the said recited Statute, to such persons as the Lord Chauncellor, the Lords Comissioners of the Treasury, the Chauncellor of the Dutchy of Lancaster, the Lord Cheife Barron of the Exchequer and the Justices of either Bench for the time being, or any three of them, whereof the Lord Chauncellor to be one; shall nominate and appoint, Which said Commissioners which shall be soe nominated shall have full power to doe and execute all matters and things as fully in all respeds as any Comissioners of Sewers at any time heretofore named by the Lord Chauncellor Lord Treasurer, the two Cheife Justices or any three of them ever had, or might have by vertue of the said Statute, or any other Law now in force, the said recited Statute or any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes that this Act or any thing therin contained shall not extend to repeale or make void any Clause, Article, Sentence or Power expressed or comprised in the said Statute made in the three and twentieth Yeare of King Henry the Eighth touching Sewers from and after the three and twentyeth day of October next ensueing, but that the same shall be of full power force and vertue as if this Act had never beene made.

Provided alsoe and it is declared that His Majesties Royall Assent to this Act doth not, nor shall determine this present Session of Parliament.

CHAPTER Vn.

£15. An Act for restoreing unto James Marquesse of Ormond all his Honours Mannours Land and Tenements in Ireland whereof he was in possession on the 23* of October 1641 or at any time since.]

[This Act has been called Chap. VII. in the various printed Editions of the Statutes, but it is not entered on the Roll; the Title is entered on the Roll amongst the Titles of Private Acts in the above manner, and is herein inserted in order to keep up the usual arrangementt of Chapters.]

12° Car. II. c.8,9.

20T

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act for continuing of the Excise till the five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and sixty.

BE it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty and the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled that the imposition called Excise shall continue to be collected leavyed and paid (together with all arrears thereof from Farmers since the twenty fifth day of March One thousand six hundred fifty seaven and [from Merchantf & other p6ons since the twenty fifth day of March 1658)*] by and to Nathaniell Manton Benjamin Goodwin Thomas Lenthall and Edward Wingate Esquiers Commissioners hereby appointed for the Grand Excise and their Deputyes from the twentyeth day of August inclusively in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty undll the five and twentyeth day of December in the same yeare according unto and after the rates rules and proportions and upon the same Goods and Merchandizes as the same was payable and collected the five and twentyeth day of Aprill One thousand six hundred and sixty, And Sir Richard Browne Sir William Doyley John Birch William Prinne Edward King and Robert Scawen Esquiers hereby appointed Commissioners for appeales, and regulating the Excise, the aforesaid Commissioners for Excise their Sub-Commissioners and other Officers respectively under the regulations and rules in all matters and things in that case provided, and as it was used and collected the said five and twentyeth day of April are hereby authorized and required to a & accordingly.

Provided that all sorts of Oyles Wines Tobaccoes of the English Plantationf [Tapes Silkes1] Incles Linnens Tiles called Pan tiles Playing Cards Girdles of all sorts. Cabinets of all sortes, Copperice Hopps all sorts of Lace imported after the twenty fourth of July One thousand six hundred and sixty shall be thence[forth1 ] discharged of the Duty of Excise.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of this Kingdome both by

Land and Sea.

WHEREAS the present raising of great sumes of money for the speedy disbanding of the forces both by Land and Sea is a matter of vast consequence and urgent necessity soe that not onely the happines and peace of his Majesty es Kingdomes, but alsoe the well being and prosperity of them dependf upon it, which said summes of money cannot be soe suddainely raised as the pressing occasions doe require without some extraordinary meanes used, to the which all his Majesty es subjects in this visible exigence of the Kingdome will heartily and cheerfully submitt seeing it is to free themselves from soe great a burthen and dayly increesing charge May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majesty and by the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same that all and every person and persons who at the time of the execution of this Act shall be of the severall rankes and degrees hereafter mentioned shall to the purpose afforesaid contribute and pay the severall summes of money hereafter in this AS sett downe and appointed that is to say Every person of the degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome shall pay the summe of one hundred pounds. Every person of the degree of a Marquesse of any of the said Kingdomes inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome shall pay the summe of fowerscore pounds. Every person of the degree of an Earle of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting or residing within this Kingdome the summe of threescore pounds. Every person of the degree of a Viscount of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome the summe of fifty pounds. Every person of the degree of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting or residing within this Kingdome the summe of forty pounds. Every eldest sonne of a Duke of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting or residing within this Kingdome being of the age of one and twenty yeares the summe of threescore pounds. Every eldest sonne of .a Marquesse of any of the said Kingdomes and inhabiting or residing within this Kingdome being of the age of one and twenty yeares the summe of fifty pounds. The eldest sonne of an Earle of any of the said three Kingdomes, and inhabiting or residing within this Kingdome being of the age of one and twenty yeares the summe of forty pounds. Every eldest sonne of a Viscount of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting or residing within this Kingdome being of the age of one and twenty yeares the summe of thirty five pounds. Every eldest sonne of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdomes, and inhabiting or residing within this Kingdome being of the age of one and twenty yeares thirty pounds. Every person of the degree of a Baronet of any of the said three Kingdomes or of Nova Scotia and inhabiting or residing within this Kingdome the summe of thirty pounds. Every person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath inhabiting or residing within this Kingdome the summe of thirty pounds. Every person who is a Knight Batchelor inhabiting & residing within this Kingdome the summe of twenty pounds. Every Sergeant at Law the summe of twenty pounds. Every person of the degree of an Esquire, or soe reputed, inhabiting and residing within this Kingdome and above the age of one and twenty yeares the summe of ten pounds. Every Widow respectively according to her husbands degree, shall pay the third part [by this A6t3] rated [by this AS'] upon that degree of which the husband of such Widdow was in his life time.

Rot. Pori. 1 a C. II.

/.a. m.5

Excise continued.

Persons to whom the same to be paid.

Commissioners

named.

n.

Certain Goods imported discharged horn Excise.

Rot. Pori. is C.II. p. 1. mm. 8.

The Reasons for pasting this Act

Noblemen and their eldest Sons of the Age of ai.

A Baronet.

A Knight of the Bath.

Knight Batchelor.

King*s Sergeant. Esquires.

Widows rated at One* third according to Rank of Husbands.

12° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1660.

II.

Parsons.

Doctors in Law. Advocates.

Judges, &c. in Courts of Admiralty, 2cc.

Doctors in Physic.

III.

Lord Mayor Aldermen, &c. of London.

Masters, Wardens, Liver)* Men, and Yeomen of Companies in London.

Hackney Coach Masters.

MerchantStrangers. Alien Traders.

English Merchants and Factors of London.

Aldermen of any

City.

IV.

Officers of the Courts of Chancery and King’s Bench.

Warden of the Fleet.

Officers of the Courts of Chancery.

Officers of the Court of Common Pleas.

And Bee it further enacted and ordained that all and every person and persons of the severall rankes and degrees hereafter in this Act mentioned shall to the purpose aforesaid contribute and pay the severall summes of money hereafter in this Act sett downe and appointed, that is to say Every Parson or Vicar being possessed of a Parsonage or Vicarage or other Estate of the cleare yearely value of one hundred pounds the summe of forty shillings. Every Doctor in the civill, or canon Lawes and every Advocate the summe of five pounds. Every person who is a Judge or Comissioner in the Courts of Admiralty or of the probate of Wills the summe of twenty pounds. Every person who hath praftised as a Proctor in either of the Courts aforesaid the summe of five pounds, Every Doctor of Phisicke the summe of ten pounds.

And Bee it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid that all and every person and persons of the severall degrees and qualities hereafter mentioned shall to the purpose aforesaid contribute and pay the severall summes of money hereafter mentioned and sett downe in this Act, that is to say The Lord Maior of the Citty of London shall pay the summe of forty pounds. Every such person who [either1] is now Sheriffe or Alderman of the said Citty of London, or hath fined for Sheriffe or Alderman of London the summe of twenty pounds. Every person who hath beene or now is Deputy to any Alderman within the said Citty ten pounds. The Towne Clarke [of1] London twenty pounds. Every person who is of the Common Councell of the said Citty the summe of five pounds. Every person who hath beene or now is Master of any of the twelve first companies of the said Citty, or hath fined for Master of any of the said twelve companies the summe of ten pounds. Every person who hath beene or now is Warden of any of the said twelve first Companies of the said Citty, or hath fined for Warden of [any of1] the said Companies six pounds thirteene shillings and sower pence, Every person who is of the Livery of any of the said twelve first companies the summe of five pounds. Every person who is of the Yeomanry of either of the said twelve first companies three pounds. Every person who is or hath beene Master of either of the companies of Diers Brewers Leather Sellers Girdlers Stationers Wood mongers Upholsters Pothecaries Pewterers Tallow-Chandlers Armorers or Sadlers the summe of six pounds. Every person who hath beene Warden of either of the said Companies five pounds. Every person who is of the Livery of any of the said Companies three pounds. Every person who is of the Yeomanry of the said Companies one pound. Every person who hath beene or is Master of any of the companyes of Barber Chirurgions White Bakers Wax Chandlers Cutlers Butchers Carpenters Painters Cordwayners Coopers Scriveners Browne Bakers Turners or Inholders the summe of three pounds. Every person who is or hath beene Warden of any of the said Companies two pounds. Every person who is of the Livery of any of the said Companyes one pound. Every person who is or hath beene Master of either of the Companies of Founders Curryers Masons Bricklayers Joyners Plaisterers Weavers Fruterers Marblers Imbroyderers Poulterers Cooks or Plumbers the summe of one pound. Every person who is or hath beene Wardon of any of the said Companies fifteene shillings, Every person that is of the Livery of the said Companies ten shillings. Every person who is or hath beene of the Livery of either of the Companies of Bowyers Fletchers Blackesmithes Botlemakers Woolpackers Farriers Paviers Loriners Glasiers Clerks or Watermen five shillings. Every person who is a Freeman of any Company within the Citty of London the summe of one shilling. Every person that keepeth one or more Hackney Choaches shall pay for every Hackney Choach and paire of Horses that he soe keepeth the summe of ten shillings. Every person who is a Merchant Stranger if he be of the degree of a Knight the summe of forty pounds, if below that degree and he be a Merchant trading to Sea the summe of ten pounds, if trading within the Land the sume of five pounds. Every person being an Alien borne and useing or exerciseing any trade, mistery, or manuall occupation within any of the Cittyes or Corporations of this Kingdome being a Housekeeper the summe of ten shillings. Every person who is an English merchant inhabiting and residing in or about the said Citty of London, and not free of the said Citty the summe of ten pounds. Every English Factor residing within the said Citty the summe of forty shillings. Every’person who is or hath beene an Alderman in any City within this Kingdome if he be below the degree of a Knight or Esquire the summe of five pounds.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all and every such person and persons who is possessed of any of the severall Offices or Places hereafter mentioned in their owne rights shall pay the severall summes hereafter sett downe that is to say The Prothonatary of the Court of Kings Bench the summe of One hundred pounds. The Clerke of the Crowne of the Court of Kings Bench aforesaid twenty pounds. The Custos Brevium of the said Court forty pounds. The Marshall of the Kings Bench fifty pounds. The Master of the Rolls threescore pounds. The Clerke of the Crowne in the Court of Chauncery forty pounds. The Clerke of the Rules in the Kings Bench ten pounds. The Warden of the Fleet fifty pounds. The Clerke of the Hannaper forty pounds. The Master of the Subpena Office forty pounds. The Clerks of the Inrollment ten pounds apeice. The Usher of the Court of Chauncery thirty pounds. Every one of the Six Clerks in the said Court of Chauncery forty pounds. Every Cursitor of the said Court ten pounds. Every Clerke of the Petty Bag five pounds. Every Examiner of the said Court ten pounds. The Cheife Register in the said Court of Chauncery twenty pounds. Every Under Register the summe of ten pounds. Every person that is admited as an Underclerke in any of the Offices of the Six Clerks in Chancery the summe of three pounds. The Clerks of the Chappell of the Rolls three pounds apeice. Every Prothonotary of the Court of Common Pleas the summe of fifty pounds. The Custos Brevium of the said Court fowerscore pounds. Every Philezerof the said Court ten pounds. The Master of the Fine Office thirty pounds. The Clerke of the Warrants ten pounds. The Clerke of the Outlawryes twenty pounds. The Clerke of the Kings Silver Office twenty pounds. The Clerke of [the1] Statutes twenty pounds. The Clerke of the Treasury ten pounds. The Clerke of the Habeas Corpora Office ten pounds. The Exigenter of the Citty of London forty pounds. Every other Exigenter in the Common Pleas five pounds. The Kings Remembrancer in the Court of

AJ).1660.

12° Car. II. c. 9.

209

Exchequer die summe of forty pounds. The Lord Treasurers Remembrancer in the said Court the sflme of ten pounds. Every of the Tellers of the Court of Exchequer twenty pounds apiece. Every Attourney of the Court of Exchequer belonging to the Office of the Kings Remembrancer ten pounds. Every Attourney of the Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer ten pounds. The Remembrancer of First Fruits and Tenthes in the said Court the sGme of twenty pounds. The Clerke of the Pipe in the said Court the summe of forty pounds. The Forraigne Opposer in the said Court the summe of twenty pounds. The Clerke of the Estreates in the said Court the summe of twenty pounds. The Clerke of the Pleas in the said Court the summe of thirty pounds. The Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer the summe of forty pounds. The Clerke of the Pell in the receipt aforesaid thirty pounds. The Usher of the said Court of Exchequer the summe of twenty pounds. Every Attourney in the Office of Pleas in the said Court of Exchequer ten pounds. Every Auditor in the said Court ten pounds. The Clerke of the Court of the Dutchy of Lancaster ten pounds. Every Auditor of the said Court ten pounds. Every Clerke of the Privy Seale ten pounds. Every Clerke of the Signet ten pounds. Every Attourney at Law of any of the Courts at Westminster or in the Courts of Law or Equity within any of the Countyes Palatine of Chester Lancaster or Durham or Marches of Wales the summe of three pounds. Every person in any Office or place under his Majesty (except his Majestyes Household Servants in ordinary) who receiveth the yearely fee of ten pounds the summe of ten pounds. The Leiutenant of the Tower of London fifty pounds. Every person that can dispend in Lands Leases Money Stocke or otherwise of his or her owne proper estate one hundred pounds per annum the summe of forty shillings and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser estate provided it extend not to persons under five pounds yearely. Every person being a single person and above the age of sixteene yeares the summe of twelve pence. And every other person of what estate or degree soe-ever he or she be within his Majesty es Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales not rated before in this present A&, nor receiving Alms, and being above sixteene yeares of age shall pay six pence. And all the severall persons of the severall degrees ranks and qualityes before sett forth in this Bill shall pay the severall proportions and rates appointed by this Bill [in manner & forme1] to be disposed of as in this present AS hereafter is expressed that is to say Every person of the severall degrees ranks and qualityes before mentioned within the Citty of London and ten miles from the same shall within six dayes after proclamation made of this Act in the accustomed places within the said Citty, and the severall Countyes within the said distance respectively pay the severall rates appointed by this Act to be paid by them, and every person of what degree ranke or quality soe-ever throughout the Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales within twelve dayes after proclamation made of this Act in the accustomed places of the severall Countyes shall pay the severall rates appointed by this Act to be paid by them.

Amo Be it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid that for the better assessing, ordering and leavying of the said summes of money soe limitted and appointed by this Act to be paid as aforesaid all and every the persons hereafter named, shall be and are hereby appointed constituted and authorised to be Commissioners for the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweed hereafter mentioned.

Bedford

For the County of Bedford Lord Russell, Robert Lord Bruce Sir Roger Burgon Sir Thomas Alston Sir Humphry Winch Sir Samuell Luke Knight Sir William Palmer (*) Sir Beauchamp S* John Knight, Samuell Browne Sergeant at Law, Henry Chester Esquire William Becher Esquire Oliver Luke Esquire William Boteler Esquire John Keeling Esquire John Vaux Esquire Thomas Snagg Esquire Humphrey Monoux Esquire Richard Tayler Esquire George Bloundell Esquire Stephen Anderson Esquire Walter Rolt Esquire, S* John Tompson Esquire S* John Chamock Esquire James Biverley Esquire John Harvey Esquire Sir Robert Nappier Sir John Duucombe John Neale Esquire John Nappier Esquire Thomas Cobb Gen! Peter Mallory Gens.

Berks

For the County of Berks Sir Edmond Sawyer Sir Richard Braham Richard Aldworth William Barker William Hide William Trumball John Whitfeild Anthony Barker Henry Hen William Backhouse The Maior of Windsor for the time being Richard Palmer of Ockingham Sir Thomas Draper Knight and Baronet Christopher Monck Thomas Garret Thomas Dolman John Elwes, The Maior of Reading for the time being Philip Weston John Davis Roger Palmer Doctor Hungerford of Reading John Harison of Beachill Alexander Baker Robert Mason Edward Keat Paul Colton Sir George Stonehouse Sir Robert Pye Robert Packer Mr Edward Dunch George Purefoy Senior John Southby George Purefoy junior Thomas Fettyplace junior Francis Peacock John Peacocke junior Francis Pigot Thomas Holt James Heron Richard Broadrick Barth: Yeat George Hide Thomas Saunders Thomas Rich John Blagrave The Maior of Abingdon for the time being, The Maior of Wallingford for the time being. Richard Powle Henry Profior William Tayler William Bowls Leonard Bennet.

Bucks

For the County of Bucks Sir Richard Temple Sir Anthony Chester Sir Toby Tirrell Sir John Burlace Sir William Bowyer Baronets Sir Richard Pigot Sir Heneage Proby Sir Ralph Vemey Thomas Tirrell Richard Winwood Richard Hampden Tho: Lee Richard Ingolsby William Parsons Charles Cheney John Dormer William Burlacy Edmund Petty Richard Greenvill William Terringham Francis Ingolsby Thomas Risley Edw: Greenvill Henry Andrewes Tho: Duncombe of Broughton Bret Norton Thomas Farrer of Brafield William Salter Tho: Proby Gab: Ipesly Edmund Waller of Gregories Tho: Stafford Francis Saunders Wil: Abraham Wil: Fleetwood Wi: Penne Edw : Russell of Abbots Aston Edm: West Bernard Turney, The Bailiffe of Buckingham The Maior of Wickham Robert Lovet, George Tashe Nich Grice.

1 interlined on the Roll. * Knl 0.

Officers of the

Treasury,

Exchequer,

Duchy Court, &c.

Attornies at Law.

Officers in His

Majesty's

Household.

Single Persons above 16.

All other Persons not before rated nor receiving Alms.

The said Rates to be paid in London, and within tornile* within Six Days after Proclamation of AA.

In all other Counties, &c. within Twelve Days.

V.

Commissioners

named.

3h

210

12° Cab. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1660.

Cambridge

For the County of Cambridge Sir Will: Compton Knt Sir. Dudley North KKt of the Bath Sir Fran: Russell Sir Tho: Hatton Sir John Cotton Sir Tho: Willis Sir John Cuts Baronets Tho: Chichley Sam Thor[n ']ton Tho: Wendy Isaac Thor[n']ton Esquires, Sir Will: Russell Knt Wil: Russell Esquire Wil: Legat John Millecent Hum: Gardner Sam: Fortry Wil: Willis Thomas Ducket junior Rob: Hamond Hen Pickering Tho Story Esquires John Nordon Mr. Bing of Grancester Wil: Barns Mr John Pearson Mr Pigot of Abington Jeofrey Nightingal Esq> Dudley Pope.

For the University and Towne of Cambridge.

The Maior of Cambridge Roger Pepis Recorder John Jenkinson John Rant Esquires Christopher Rose Alder. Doctor Pepis Tho Crouch Esquire Doctor Eade Doctor Pormant, Tho: Tifford Aid Rowl: Simpson Tho French Alder: [ Richard Timms Alderman' ] Mathew Barlow Doctor of Phisick Thomas Gearing Mr Goslin Mr Sammes Mr Gore Mr Smithes.

For the Isle of Ely

Anthony Hamond Wil: Colvil Wil Fisher Rob Balaam Anthony Fisher Tho March [Tho1] Towers Edw Partridge Rob Twells George Clapthorne Rob Clapthome Tho Stewart Esquires John Wilson Tho Pearson Nicholas [Stanford3] Gen?.

Chester

For the County of Chester Cha les Lord Viscount Kilmorey William Lord Brerton Sir George Booth Baronet Sir Rich Grosvenor Baronet Sir Philip Egerton Knight Roger Grosvenor Esquire Peter Venables Esquire Rich: Legh Esquire Thomas Legh Esquire' ] Tho Marbury Esquire Tho Manwaring Esquire. JohnArdem Esquire Tho: Cholmondeley Esquire Henry Bunbury Esquire Peter Leicester Esquire Rog Wilbraham of Derford Esquire Jonathan Brewen Esquire Henry Brooke Esquire Edward Hide Esquire Roger Wilbraham of Napwich Esquire [William Massey Esqs.4] Edward [Legg5] of Gayton Esquire William Lawton Esquire. (6)

Citty of Chester

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester John Johnson Maior John Racliffe Recorder Charles Walley Wil: Edwardf Tho Thrope Rob Harvey Tho Cooper Wil: Ince Edw. Bradshaw Rich: Bradshaw Wil: Crompton Wil: Bennet Rich: Bird William Wright Peter Leigh Rich Minshal Gerard Jones Aldermen.

Cornwall

For the County of Cornwall John Trelawney Knight and Barronet Pierce Edgecomb Esquire Wil Scawen Esquire, George Keckwich Esquire Henry Spoore Esquire James Bond Esquire John Moil Esquire Tho Wills Esquire Edw Elliot Esquire Tho: Blight Esquire John Lampen Esqs Edmond Fowel Esq^ Sir Chichester Wrey Baronet John Arundel of Dulo Esqs Charls Grills Esquire Rich Martin Esqs Walter Langden Esq^ Nicholas Glin Esquire Tho: Waddon Esqs Edm: Philips Esquire Henry Spoor junior Es<q George Hele Esq Fra Nichol: Esqs John Pierce Esq Wil: Cotton Esq Cha Rostcarrock Esq William Spry Esq Tho Kestel Esq Sir Wil Godolphin Knight Sir James Smith Knight Tho Treffrey Esq John Nichol of Trewayne Esq Sir Peter Courtney Knight Jonathan Rashley Esq John Carew of Pen warden Esq Oliver [Scawle7] Esq Walter Kendal of Pelin Esquire Charles Trevanion Esq Charles Boscowen Esquire John Polwheel Esq Christopher Cooke Esq Na: Mohun Esq James [Pead8] Esq Sir Peter Killigrew Knight John Gregor Esq Rich Carter Esq Edmond Prideaux Esquire Peter Jenkin Esq John Vivian Esq Tho Hoblin of S‘ Ennodei Esq Sir John Arundel Knight Humphry Noy Esq Rob : Hoblin Esq Nich Arundeli Esq John Basset Esq Wil: Godolphin Esq Francis Jones Esq Ezekel Arundel Esq Wil Harris Esquire Sir Rich: Vivian Kn1 Wil: Pendarves Esq Rich Erisey Chr Bellot Esq Jo Thomas (9) Anthony Chineweth (lo) Fra Godolphin [ Esquires'1] John Arundel of Sythuy Wil Painter (11) John Benithon of Cartlew [ Esquires13] John Carnson Esq John Pendarvis junior Esquire Wil: Trevissa Esq Tho Hoblin of Sl Stephens Hugh Trevanion of Gerans Esq Nath Trevanion Esq.

Cumberland

For the County of Cumberland Col Cha Howard Sir Philip Musgrave (14) Sir Patr: Curwin (*3) Sir Edw. Musgrave (,6) Sir John Lowther (*7) Sir Wil Dalston (,B) Sir George Fletcher [Baronets*9] Sir Tho Dacres (*°) Sir Wilfrid Lawson (*) Sir Wil: Carleton [Knights,*] Wil: Brisco (*J) Rich Tolston (*) Wilfir Lawson (*5) Wil: Pennington (*) John Lamplugh (*7) Francis Salkeld (*) Dan:Fliming (*) Joseph Patrickson (3°) Tho Wibergh (•) Henry Tolson (J1) Lau Fletcher (J3) Leon Dikes (34) Wil: Orfure (33) Tho Lamplugh (*6) Chr Richmond (S7) John [Seanhouse of Nether Hall (38) John Hudson (39) Robert Heymore (4°) John1] Barwis (4I) Rich: Lamplugh (*) Wil Mawson (43) Wil: Laiton (") Anth. Latus (43) Ar: Skaiffe, (*) Ar: Foster (47) Jo Studart (48) Peter Norman [Esquiers,49] The Maior of Carlisle for the time being, John Caplenby Anthony Bouch.

1 interlined on the Roll. * John 0. * Sanford 0. 4 0. omits. 4 Glegg 0.

0 William Massey Esq 0. 7 Sawle 0. • Prade 0. * Esq, 0. l0 Esq 0.

11 Esq 0. 17 Esq 0. 13 Esq 0. 14 Barronett 0. 13 Barron* 0.

Barronet 0. 17 Barronet 0. ,# Barronet 0. '» Barr* 0. Kn* 0.

" Kn* 0. " Kn4 0. •3 Esq 0. « Esq 0. w Esq 0.

« Esq 0. 47 Esq, 0. M Esq 0. •» Esq, 0. 30 Esq 0.

31 Esq 0, 71 Esq, 0. 33 Esq 0. 74 Esq 0. 3> Esq 0.

36 Esq 0. ■i Esq, 0. 38 Esq 0. 7* Esq 0. 40 Esq 0.

41 Esq 0. 44 Esq 0. 43 Esq 0. 44 Esq 0. 43 Esq 0.

46 Esq 0. 47 Esq, 0. 43 Esq 0. 47 Esq 0.

12° Car. II. c.9.

211

Derby

For the County of Derby Henry Viscount Mansfeild Anchedll Grey (») Geo Pierpoint [Esquiers*] Sir Tho Greasley Sir Francis Burdet Sir John Harper Sir John Curson Sir Edw Cooke Sir Hen Every Sir Wil Boothby Baronets Sir John Harper Sir Sa: Sleigh Knights John Fretchvil German Pole John Ferrers John Gell John Stanhop John Munday Ri Cooke John Mil ward Walter Horton Geo Vernon Cha Agard Henry Kendall Gilbert Thacker Wil: Fitz-herbert Cha Cotton Henry Gilbert Ni Wilmot Robert Eyre Ja Abney Jem Bennet Geo Sitwel Godfrey Clarke Edw Peg: sen Roger Allestry John Dalton Wil Woolley Esquiers J Spateman Henry Buxton Gen!, The Maior of Derby for the time being Thomas Sleigh Wil Willot Tho Yowl Aldermen there, The Maior of Chesterfeild for the time being.

Devon

For the County of Devon Sir Wil Morris Knight Secretary of State Sir Edw Seymour Sir Peter Prideaux Sir George Chudleigh Sir Courtney Poole Sir Tho: Heale Sir Hugh Pollard Sir Fra Drake Sir Coplestone Bampfeild Sir John Northcoat Sir John Chichester Sir John Davy, Sir William Courtney Baronets, Sir Edmond Fowel Sir John Young Sir John Chichester Sir Thomas Stukeley Sir John Drake Sir John Clobery Knightf Arthur Northcot Arthur Basset Peter Prideaux John Roll William Stroud John Fowel Walter Young Edward Wise Thomas Reynal Josias Calmady William Martin William Morris Thomas Southcoat Robert Fortescue Francis Drew, Richard Duke Robert Cary John Heale John Willoughby Mathew Heale John Gifford William Fry Arthur Upton Henry Norley Servington Savory Henry Worth Richard Coffin Thomas Carew John Tuckefeild Edmond Parker John Bury John Arsecot Thomas Drake Nicholas Ducke William Bastard John Wollacomb Henry Ford Henry Walter Thomas Bampfeild Thomas Clifford John Quick John Champners John Davy of Canon Ting John Hale Christopher Clobery Robert Shapcot Samuel Trelawney Richard Beavis Robert Savery Nicholas Dennis Arthur Fortescue Edmund Fowel Thomas Bear Jonathan Sparke Esquiers, The Maior of Plimouth for the time being. The Maior of Dartmouth for the time being, The Maior of Totnes for the time being. The Maior of Bamestable for the time being, The Maior of Tiverton for the time being.

Exon

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Exon The Maior for the time being, Sir Thomas Mallet Justice of the Kings Bench Christopher Clarke Simon Snow Robert Walker James Marshal Nicholas Brooking, Ralph Herman Esquiers Alderman Martin Alderman Crossing, Richard Evans, Henry Gaudy John Mane Thomas Westlacke John Aikland Walter Holditch Edmond Star.

Dorset

For the County of Dorset Denzill Holies Esquire Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper Baronet Sir John Strangewayes Knight Sir Gerrard Nappier (3) Sir Hugh Windham [Baronets4] Sir Walter Earle (3) Sir Ralph Banks [Knights6] John FitzJames Esquire Robert Coker (7) John Stroud [Esquiers*] Sir Francis Holies Knight John Trigonwel of Milton (9) John Trigonwel of Anderston, (IO) Giles Strangewayes (u) Edward Hooper ('*) Thomas Freke, (,J) Robert Cullyford (l4) John [Hanman'5] John Whiteway (,6) Thomas [Bynard ,?] William Thomas ('*) Bullen Reymes (*9) Edmond Hull, (*) George Fulford(,j Maximilian Mohun (w) James Gold (13) William Constantine, (l4j Robert Freke (*3) James Smith (*) Winstine Churchill (l;) Peter Hoskins (*) Michaell Harvey (*>) Thomas [Chafe30] William Fautleroy (Jl) John Abington (J1) Thomas Freke of Hinton (31) George Pitt [Esquiers34] George Stile Gent George Hussey (,3) Wolley Miller (36) Robert Lawrence, (37) William Oakeden of Churchill (3*) Arthur Radford J39) Henry Butler (4o) John Dolling [Esquiers41] Anthony [Estrick4*] Gen!, John Rogers (43) George Trenchard (*) John Troublefield (45) John Jefferies (*) Thomas Moore (47) Henry Henley f4*) Edmond Holies (49) Thomas Hussey of Yenson (*°) Thomas [Fawnes51] Henry Whitaker (5*) Robert Seymor (SJ) Mathew Davis (i4) William Chaldecot (w) John Saint Low (36) John Still (37) Richard Swaine (*) Robert Napier (S9) Humphrey Bishop (6o) John Browne (6l) William Floyer (te) Robert Tiderley i6j) John Ellesden (64) John Mitchell [Esquiers63] Arthur Hooks (66) Henry Harbin (67) William EUesdon [Gentlemen,6*] The Maior of Dorchester, The Maior of Weymouth Edmond Butler, The Maior of Shaston, The Bailiffes of Bridport.

Poole

For the Towne and County of Pool Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper Sir Walter Earle William Constantine Esquire Recorder Haveland Hely Collonell William Skut Maior, George Skut, Richard Dolbery Moses Dunnell, Lawrence Giggar, The Maior for the time being, Aaron Durel Robert Cleeves.

Durham

For the County of Durham Collonel Charles Howard, Sir Thomas Widdrington Sir William Darsey Sir George Vane Sir Nicholas Cole, Sir John Conyers Sir Ralph Delavall Sir Francis Anderson, Sir William Blackston of

* Eft)0. > E«) 0. s Barrone t 0. 4 Barronett 0. 4 Kn< 0.

• Kn> 0. * E«)0. • Esc) 0. • Esq 0. 10 Esq 0.

" E«) 0. '• E«) 0. 11 Es<) 0. 14 Esq 0. 14 Hannam Esquier 0.

'• Ea<) 0. Baynard Eft) 0. " E«) 0. >• Esq 0. •° Esq 0.

E«) 0. "Esc) 0. * Es<) 0. 44 Esq 0. 44 Esq 0,

" Ei) 0. *» Es<) 0. * Eft) 0. * Esq 0. 40 Chasse Esq 0.

*> Em) 0. 54 Eft) 0. * E«) 0. 44 Esq 0. 44 Esq 0.

*• E«) 0. E«) 0. »• Eft) 0. 5? Esq 0. 40 Esq O.

«• Gentt. 0. " Etericke 0. 43 Ks<) 0. 44 Esquier 0. 44 Esq 0.

«• E*^0. «» Es<) 0. * Esq 0. 4® Esq 0. 40 Esq 0.

»' Fownes Esquier 0. »* Es<) 0. 33 Esq 0. 44 Esq 0. 44 Esq 0.

"Ei)0. " Es<) 0. »• Esq, 0. *9 Esq 0. 40 Esq 0.

• Eiq 0. « E»c)0. « E«) 0. f4 Esq 0. *4 Esq 0.

" Gear 0. « Gen! 0. «• Gent 0.

212

12° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1660.

Newton Knight, John Hilton of Hilton, Thomas Davison Thomas Dalavall Francis Wreen George Lilburne Thomas Bowes of Streattam Henry Lampton of Lampton James Clavering Robert Elleson Nicholas Frevell Anthony Bierley. Thomas Bonner Thomas Shadforth, William Strother of Grindonrig Ralph Davison Thomas Lilburne John Heath John Tempest Thomas Lampton The Maior of Durham, The Maior of Berwicke William Blakiston of Pitdngton Cuthbert Carr Thomas Fetherston Esquire, Clement Fulthorp Esquire, Richard Raw Cuthbert Pepper Henry Eden, James Cole Gent John Shaw Gent Thomas Swinburne, Nicholas Chayter, Robert Shafto Esquiers.

Yorke

For the West Riding in the County of Yorke Thomas Lord Fairfax Lord Castleton Sir Thomas Widdrington Sir George Savill Sir John Dawney Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir George Wentworth of Wowley Sir John Kay Sir John Goodrick Sir Thomas Osbume Sir Richard Tankard Sir William Inglesby Sir Richard Maliverer Sir Solomon Swale Sir John Armitage Sir John Lewis Sir Henry Cholmeley Henry Arthington William Adams Francis Nevil William Lowther William Stockdale Edmond Jenings John Stanhop Thomas Stringer Richard Hutton Sir Thomas Wentworth John Bright William Spencer Thomas Yarbrough of Campsall Sir Christopher Clapham Walter Calverley Brian Cooke Henry Fairfax Sir Miles Stapleton William Fairfax Alexander Johnson John Ashton Sir Ralph Knight John Otway Sir John Yorke John Vincent Godfrey Copley Henry Atkison Thomas Lister John Bines Sir Francis Fane William Farrar Sir Thomas Beaumont Charles Tanckard of Whixley James Moyser George Payler William Lister Francis Goodrick John Riccard Sheffield Clapham, The Maior of Pontefradl for the time being, The Maior of Doncaster for the time being, The Maior of Rippon for the time being, The Alderman of Leedf for the time being.

Yorke North Riding.

For the North Rideing in the County of Yorke Sir Francis Boynton Sir David Fowlis Sir Roger Langley Sir William Cholmeley Sir William Strickland Sir Robert Strickland Sir Christopher Wivell James Darcy Conyers Darcy Sir Henry Cholmeley John Dodsworth George Marwood William Thornton William Weddall John Hutton Sir William Dalton James Medcalfe Leonard Westall John Gibson Robert Layton Sir Henry Franckland William Wivel Thomas Lassels of Allerton Sir Henry Stapleton Barrington Bourcher Sir John Dawney Charles Tanckard Henry Bethel James Moyser Sir John Yorke Metcalfe Robinson Sir Jordan Crosland Mr Danyel Mr Francis Driffeild Mf Jackson of Cowling, The Alderman of Richmond for the time being, William Aiscough William Thompson Nicholas Bethel, Charles Allison.

Yorke East Riding

For the East Riding in the County of Yorke Sir Francis Boynton Sir Watkinson Psiylor Sir John Hotham Sii William Strickland Sir Thomas Rudston Sir Mathew Apleyard Sir Robert Hilyard Sir Thomas Remington Sir Thomas Norcliffe Sir Francis Cob Sir Hugh Bethel of Rise, Sir Philip Mounkton Sir Hugh Bethel of Ellerton Sir Henry S* Quinton, Sir Thomas Heblethwaite William Gee Durant Hotham John Anliby Sandford Nevil Richard Robinson Richard Darley John Legard William Osbaldeston Michael Wharton John Ramsden Tobias Jenkins Mathew Alered John Alured Edward Wingate Ralph Thorpe, John Vavasor William Hursler Hugh Lister William Wise Edward Barnard William Grimston, Thomas Grantham John Pierson John Stapleton John Heame William Lister Robert Orm Robert Southby Stephen Thompson Arthur Noel Thomas Swann Thomas Crompton Christopher Legard Gregory Creyk.

Beverley

For the Towne of Beverley in the county of Yorke Edward Gray The Maior of Beverley William Wade William Forge William Colson William Dunne John Standliffe Timothy Gray Robert Fotherby William Newcombe Josias Acklam Edward Gray the elder John Tod William Nelson Edward Gray the younger William Garthwaite Abraham Burnet Thomas Gossupe George Davis William Hunter Robert Richardson Thomas Bucke Jeremy Hudson Thomas Johnson.

Headon

For the Towne of Headon in the County of Yorke Elizeus Boufrey Maior Mr Burstal Mr Nathaniel Norris Mr Richard Suthick Mr Banchard Mr Oumbler Mr Bam Mr Burton Aldermen Robert Burstal Mr. Davyson Bayliffes

Kingston upon Hull

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull Mr William Ramsden Maior William laker Recorder Thomas Raiks Henry Barnard Francis Dewick Richard Wood John Rogers William Dobson Leonard Barnard Robert Ripley Robert Berier William Foxley William Maister Christopher Richardson Aldermen Hugh Lister Esquire Christopher Legard (1) Esquires Mr Edmond Popple Mr Robert Moore John Ramsden Andrew Marvel Esquiers.

Citty of Yorke

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke Christopher Topham Lord Maior of Yorke Thomas Lord Fairefax Sir Thomas Widdrington Sir Thomas Harison Metcalfe Robinson Esquire William White Esquire Henry Thompson Robert Homer Brian Dawson William Tayler Leonard Thomson Richard Paget Ralph Chater George Monklin Aldermen Sir Miles Stapleton Sir Thomas Slingsbey Thomas Hutton Nicholas Blackebeard Robert Scot Cressey Burnet Henry Thomson junior, William Ramsden Edward Gale Mr Squire Mr Elcock Mr Loftus.

1 Robert Legard O.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 9

213

Essex

For the County of Essex Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet Speaker of the House of Commons Edward Russel Esquire Sir John Barrington Knight and Barronet Sir Henry Apleton Sir Benjamin AyloflF Sir William Hicks Sir William Wiseman of Canfeild Sir Andrew Jennour Sir William Luckin Sir Richard Everard Sir Martin Lumley Sir Thomas Abdy Sir Robert Abdy Sir Henry Wright Baronets, Sir William Wiseman Knight and Baronet Sir John Terrell Sir Robert Kempe Sir Thomas Bowes Sir Capell Luckin Sir Richard Wiseman Sir Anthony Browne Knights John Brampston Edward Turner James Altham Roger Palmer Thomas Smith Charles Fitch Gamaliel Capel William Kempe Carew Harvey Mildmay Thomas Fanshaw Charles Maynard Thomas S' George Anthony Luther Oliver Reymond Moundeford Bramster one of the Maisters in Chancery John Atwood John Paschal Edward Harris of Much Baddow Tristram Conyers, John Shaw Henry Wollaston Thomas Argali Peter Soame William Glascocke of Fameham Henry Pert John Eldred senior George Walton John Godbolt Robert Josselyne Thomas Luther Thomas Midleton Richard Sames John Josselyne Thomas [Gamball *] Thomas Gardiner William Umfrevil James Silverlock Benjamin Wright Thomas King Francis Finch Esquiers, The Maior of Colchester for the time being John Eldred junior Thomas Talcot Esquire John Radhams Thomas Reynoldf, The Bayliffes of Maulden for the time bring John Stevens Samuel Plume Ruben Robinson The Maior of Harwich John Hunter Richard Smart.

Gloucester

For the County of Gloucester Henry Lord Herbert Sir Henry Fredericke Thynne Knight Sir Edward Bathurst Baronet Thomas Master Esquire Henry Powle Esquire Andrew Barker Esquire William Bourchier Esquire John How senior Esquire John How junior Esquire, Thomas Escourt Esquire John Stephens Esquire Stephen Fowler Esquire Silvanus Wood Esquire Richard Atkins Esquire Sir Hugh Midleton Baronet, Sir Robert Poyntz Knight of the Bath Sr William Ducy Baronet Sir Richard Ashfeild Baronet Sir John Seymour Knight Edward Stephens Esquire Thomas Stephens Esquire John Fettiplace Esquire Richard Stephens Esquire John Codrington Esquire Samuel Codrington Esquire John Smith Esquire Robert Pleydel Esquire William Dutton Esquire, Sir Thomas Overbury Knight William Leigh Esquire Robert Atkins Esquire John Chamberlaine Esquire Gabriel Lowe Esquire Thomas Chester Esquire Edward Rich Esquire Christopher Guise Esquire Sir Baynham Throckmorton Knight William Cooke Esquire Henry Capel Esquire Richard Dowdeswel Esquire William Dowdeswell Esquire Evan Seyes Sergeant at Law Walter Rawlrigh Esquire John Barrow Esquire Thomas James Esquire Thomas Hodges Esquire Richard Cooks Esquire Richard Baugh Esquire The Bailiffes of Tewksbury for the time being William Wilson Gent David Williams Esquire Edward Fust Esquire William Thorpe Esquire Jones Esquire Bernard Turn.

Citty of Gloucester

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester The Maior for the time being William Singleton William Capel Luke Norse Dennis Wise Thomas Pury senior Lawrence Singleton James Stephens Robert Tenther Robert Paine Aldermen William Cock, Silvanus Wood William Selwin John Robbins Christopher Giese Esquire Sir Edward Massey Knight.

Hereford

For the County of Hereford Francis Pember Esquire High Sheriffe of the County Wallop Brabuzon Esquire Sir John Kirle Baronet Sir John Scudamore Baronet, Sir Edward Hopton Knight Sir Henry Lingen Knight Collonel Edward Harley Esquire William Hinson ats Powel Esquire Roger Bosworth Doctor in Phisicke Herbert Westfailing Esquire Robert Harley Esquire Job Charleton Esquire James Pitts Esquire, Collonel John Birch Esquire Herbert Awbrey Esquire Thomas Thompkins Esquire Bennet Hoskins Esquire Richard Hopton John Bamaby Herbert Perrot John Price Thomas Price Roger Vaughan Robert Kirle William Dawsey John Skipp Francis Uvet Humprey Cornwell (*) John Scudamore James Scudamore Thomas Cox Rudehall Guillym Humphrey Tayler Humphrey Haworth John Scudamore junior Walter Pye Francis Uvet John Cholmeley John Vaughan Thomas Rodd Thomas Whitney Humphrey Baskervile Thomas Geers Fulke Walwin John Hawford Thomas Baskervile Richard Wigmore Thomas Wigmore Richard Rodd Thomas Harley William Gregory Richard Reed Thomas Carpender William Bridges John Nourse [Frances3] Pember Timothy Coles Robert Crofts Esquires Edward Mathews John Vaughon Thomas Delahay Robert Davis Gent Priamus Davis Thomas Blaney Henry Milburne Charles Milbume Robert Stratford Ambrose Elton Ralph Darnell Robert Miners Esquiers Andrew Greeneley Arthur Cockram John Bridges Esquire.

Citty of Hereford

For the Citty of Hereford John Hill Maior Roger Bosworth Doctor of Phisicke Herbert Westfayling Esquire William Gregory Esquire Thomas Alderae Doctor in Lawes Nicholas Philpots David Bowen Thomas Paynard Jerom Addis Humphrey Diggs Richard Lyde Robert Symondf Thomas Homes John Smith.

Hertford

For the County of Hertford Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet Speaker of the House of Commons Hugh Lord Coleraine William Cedll Esquire William Willoughby Esquire Sir Thomas Leventhorpe Sir Brocket Spencer Baronets Sir Richard Adkins Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Franklin Baronet Sir Thomas Fanshaw Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Dacres Sir Thomas He wit Sir John Gore Sir John Watts Sir Francis Boteler Sir Rowland Lytton Sir Henry

3

12° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1Sm.

214

Cesar Sir John Hale Sir Henry Conesby Knights Philip Boteler Thomas Fanshaw Richard Jenings Thomas Dacres John Cesar Humphrey Gore Ralph Freeman Thomas Dockwraw Robert Slingsbey Humphrey Shalcrosse Ralph Baesh Thomas Conesby James Cooper Arthur Sparke William Priestley John Heyden Edward Gardiner Robert Hale William Glascocke Esquiers Richard Goldston Edmond Smith Edward Wingate William Hale Graveley Norton Erasmus Harby Robert Sadler Edmond Feild Edward Briscoe Thomas Coppyn,. John Halsie, The Maior of Hertford for the time being.

S* Albanes

For the Borough of S* Albanes Sir Harbotle Grimstone Baronet Speaker of the House of Commons The Maior for the time being Richard Jenings Esquire Robert Robotham Esquire John Pemberton Robert Pemberton Thomas Oxton Robert Ivory John Gape Robert New Gen!.

Huntington

For the County of Huntington Robert Viscount Mandeville Sir Edward Mountague Knight of the Gaiter Francis Compton Esq, Sir Thomas Cotton Baronet Sir Thomas Leventhorpe Baronet Sir Richard Stone Knight Sir Robert Bernard Knight John Cotton Esq, Sir John Hewet Baronet Henry Cromwell Esquire John Bernard Esqs Nicholas Pedley Esquire Robert Appreece Esquire John Heron Esquire Richard Draper E«qs Lawrence Torkington Esqs John Simcots Doctor of Phisicke Lionel Walden Gen! Robert Vinter Geni.

Towne of Huntington

For the Towne of Huntington The Maior of the Towne for the time being Sir Robert Bernard Knight John Bernard Esquire Nicholas Pedley Esquire Lawrence Torkenton Esqs Richard Weaver Gen! Gervasse Fulwood Gen! Thomas Ashton Gen!, and Lyonel Walden Gen!.

Kent

For the County of Kent Philip Viscount Strangford Richard Spencer Esquire James Herbert Esquire Sir Thomas Peyton Sir John Baker Sir Roger Twisden Sir Edward Hales Sir Edward Moneins Sir Henry Palmer Sir Francis Vincent Sir Howland Roberts Sir Edward Deering Sir Thomas Stiles Sir Charles Sidley Sir Nordn Knatchbull Sir John Tufton Sir John Sydley Sir Richard Hardresse Sir Stephen Leonard Sir Heneage Finch Sir BazO Dixwell Baronets Sir George Sondf Knight of the Bath Sir William Man Sir Robert Honywood Sir Anthony Anchor Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir John Darel Sir William Wheeler Sir Edward Filmore Sir Christopher Harfleet Sir Arnold Braines Sir Robert Moyle Sir Thomas Ingham Sir John Boys Sir Theophilus Bidolph Sir Francis Clarke Sir John Marsham Sir Henry Oxenden Sir William Leech Sir Robert Austin Knights [ John Knathbul *] Robert Bamham Richard Masters John Wroth John Boys of Fredvile Nicholas Toke Thomas Flud James Brockman Humphrey Miller William Cage Thomas Lambert, Edward Honywood George Newman Maurice Diggs Edward Hales Edward Finch Phineas Andrewes James Thurbame Peter Pett Thomas Peake George Curteys Richard Amherst William Boys Thomas Lake Thomas Henman Anthony Hamond Richard Wilkinson John Horsemanden William [Heuson1] Philip Packer George Polehill Henry Crispe John Roberts Norton Curteys Henry Paramore Thomas Broadnix Henry Sanford John Smith James Newman Charles Toke Henry Honywood Laurence Rooke, Charles Wheler Robert Luckenor Peter Heyman [HenryJ] Thomehill Henry Deering Cranmer Harris Thomas Bret Esquires, Francis Bamham Alabaster Flud John Cage Francis Twisden William Buggins John Henden Robert Watson Richard Marsh John Golder Walter Franklin John Alin Maximilion Dallison William Maddox John Mun Zouch Brockman Esquiers Increased Collins Robert Oliver The Maior of Rochester,

[And for the Cinque Ports their Members and the two aundent Townes (that is to say) For the Towne and Port of Dover with the Members thereof The Maior for the time being Richard Jacob John Goulder John Loome Jurats James Newman Henry Petit Gen!, For the Port and Towne of Sandwich The Maior for the time being Tobias Clere Thomas Browne Jurats James Thurbane Towne Clerke For the Port and Towne of New Romney Robert Wivel Maior Stephen Bret Thomas Shalcroft Jeremiah Stanfort Jurats For the Port and Towne of Hithe John Finch Maior Elias Basset James Pashley John Basset Jurats, For the Towne of Folkstone The Maior for the time being William Jenkins Jurat, For the Towne of [Feathersham4] The Maior for the time being John Trout, John Upton John Knoller Jurats For the Towne of Lid The Bailiffe for the time being Peter Godfrey Gen! For the Towne of Tenderden The Maior for the time being Edward Finch [ Esquire3] Peter Short William Stretton Jurats For the Towne and Port of Hastings The Maior for the time being Denny Ashbumham Esquire William Lovel Herbert Lunsford Jurats For the Port and Towne of Winchelsea The Maior for the time being Samuel Gott Esquire John Sampson George Sampson Gen! For Rye with the Members thereof The Maior for the time being William Hay Gen! Marke Thomas Gen! Thomas Palmer Jurat, For the Towne of Pevensey The Bayliffe for the time being Edward Peake Thomas Andrews George Eastman Jurats For the towne of Seaford The Bailiffe for the time being Thomas Beane Thomas Harison Peter Guard Jurats.5]

Citty'of Canterbury

For the Citty of Canterbury and County of the said Citty Mr Squier Beverton the present Maior Francis Lovelace Esquire Recorder Israel Jacob Sheriffe Sir Anthony Aucher Knight Sir William Man Knight John Boys Flsquire William Stanley John Leigh Henry Twyman Richard May William Turner Edward Andrewes Aldermen Thomas Hardresse Thomas Peake John Best Paul Barret Anthony Aucher Paul Epps Leonard Spratling Esquiers George Mills senior Gen! Thomas Courtop Esquire.

1 Knatchbull 0.

• Hugheson 0. * interlined on the Roll.

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 9.

215

Lancaster

For the County of Lancaster 'William Stanley William Spencer Esquiers Sir Richard Houghton Sir Ralph Ashton Sir Robert Bindlosse Baronets Sir Gilbert Ireland Sir Roger Bradshaigh Knights Richard Leigh Richard Shutleworth Ralph Ashton Richard Holland Richard Standish Thomas Norris William Farrendon Richard Kirkby Robert Holt Thomas Preston Thomas Greenalgh William Hulton Edward Fleetwood Roger Nowel Nicholas Towneley of Royle Lawrence Rawsthorn Thomas Braddell Hugh Dickinson John Starky Edward Rigby Alexander Rigby of Preston Robert Rawlinson John Lightbown Robert Booth Nicholas Moseley William Banks junior Pierce Leigh Thomas Ashton James Duckenfeild Cuthbert Ogle John Entwisle Henry Porter William West Nathaniel West Thomas Whittingham Alexander Rigby of Layton Richard Fleetwood of Rosse Hall Thomas Cole William Radley John Rishley Christopher Parker John Case John Cunljffe Butler of Kirkland Esquires William Wall Gens, The Maior of Lancaster

for the time being, The Maior of Preston for the time being The Maior of Wiggan for the time being, The Maior of Leverpoole for the time being, The Bayliffes of Cliderow for the time being.

Levcester

For the County and Burrough of Leicester Thomas Lord* Beaumont Viscount Swords John Lord Roos Bennet Lord Sherrard Anchetill Gray Esquire John Gray Esquire Sir George Villiers Baronet Sir Charts Sidley Baronet Sir Thomas Cave Baronet Sir Wolston Dixy Baronet Sir John Hartop Baronet Sir Thomas Halford Baronet Sir Erasmus de la Fountaine Knight Sir Thomas Hartop Knight Sir William Hartop Knight Sir John [ Petty man ’] Baronet Thomas Merrey Mathew Babington George Faunt Richard Lister Beaumont Dixy Edward Smith William Quarles William Whaley Varney Noell Casibilan Burton Theophilus Cave John Cave Henry Hudson William Boothby George Pochin William Jervis William Wollaston John Stafford Richard Roberts Thomas Stanley Richard Brudinel John Barwel Thomas Bradgat William Burrow James Winstanley Thomas Chamois Thomas Armston Thomas Hood John Needham Thomas Goddard Richard Halford Walter Rudings John Chamberline John Danvers John Hacket Thomas Caldecot Thomas Allecock John Turvil Richard Orton Ferdinando Sacheveril Esquiers John Cley Maior of Leicester William Ward Dannet Abney Alexander Baker Daniel Deacon Thomas Henshaw Francis Noble Aldermen Francis Smaley Gens, John Boardman Gens.

Lincoln

For the parts of Linsey in the County of Lincolne Gilbert Lord Haugton George Viscount Castleton William Pierpoint Henry Howard [ Esquire,*] Sir John Munson Sir Phillip Terwhit Sir Robert Bollis Sir Thomas Williamson Sir William Hickman Sir William Wray Sir Thomas Ellis Baronets Sir Charles Bolls Sir Markham Lister Sir Robert Barkeham Sir Edward Rossiter Sir Edward Aiscough Sir Thomas Meeres Knights Stephen Anderson Philip Terwhit John Munson William Oldfeild Edmund Anderson Charls Pelham senior Charles Pelham junior Charles Hall Cedi Terwhit William Whichcot Edward Maddison Adrian Scroope Henry Massenbeard [Drayner Massmgbeard3] Edward Nelthorp William Marwood William Wooley William Broxholme John [Nelthorp4] Theophilus Hart Theophilus Hamesse Marmaduke Dorrel senior Marmaduke Dorrel junior Francis Goodrick William Bard John Barnard William Andersoil Robert Christopher Richard [Nelthorpe4] Esquiers George Hely Esquire The Maior of Grimsby for the time being Thomas Newton Alderman William Beardshaw Alderman Frands Finch Esquire, For the parts of Kesteven in the County of Lincolne John Lord Rosse Robert Lord Willoughby Sir Thomas Hussey Sir Michael Arinin, Sir John Brownlow Sir William Trollop Sir Richard Earle Sir William Thorold Sir Robert Markeham Sir William Brownelow, Sir Frands Fane Knight of the Bath George Sherrard Richard [Browneley5] Anthony Thorold Thomas Hatcher Charles Hussey Robert Pierpoint Edward King Christopher Nevil Esquiers Sir Christopher Clapham Erasmus Deline John Hatcher Thomas Hall John Newton Edward Skipwith Charles Dimock John Buck John White Mollinex Desney John Teigh Frands Wingfeild Thomas Welby William Hide Charles Halford John Saunders William Dolman Francis Hatcher William Sevil Thomas Randf Humphrey Walcot John Icy William Tompson Mathias Browne Esquiers Thomas Ellis Esquire James Ashton Thomas Audley Adam Cleypoole Esquire Richard Coney Esquire William Blith Esquire Henry Hall Esquire Redman Burrall Esquire Sir Christopher Clapham Knight John Mason Daniel Thoroughgood Gens, The Alderman of Stamford Philip Eaton Esquire Francis Finch Esquire, For the parts of Hollond in the County of Lincolne Sir Anthony Irby Knight Thomas Ogle Thomas Hall Anthony Oldfeild junior Henry Harne Mathew Woolmer Esquires John Empson John Tilson John Atkin Walter Johnson Adlard Pury Gens Joseph Moore Doctor of Phisicke Thomas Welby Frands Finch Esquiers Anthony Oldfeild senior Gens John Jay Esquire, The Maior of Boston for the time being, The Alderman of Grantham.

Citty of Lincolne

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne The Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Meeres Knight John Mounson F^ Robert Marshall John Becke Thomas Dawson William Hall Stephen Fowler Aldermen Robert Marshel the Younger Esquire William South Gens William Bishop Gens Richard Kyet Gens, Mr Miller Mr Robinson of Branston Mr Lodinton Alderman Henry Morley Gens.

London

For the Citty of London Sir Thomas Alleyn Lord Maior, and the Sheriffes of the said Citty for the time bdng Sir Thomas Adams Sir John Langham Sir James Bunch Sir Richard Browne Sir John Robinson Knights and Baronets, Sir William Tomson Sir John Frederick Sir John Lawrence, Sir William Wale Sir Anthony Bateman Knights Tempest

216

12° Cab. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1660.

Milner Richard Eng William Bolton Edward Backwell Aldermen Sir Theophilus Bydulph Sir William Vincent Sir Richard Ford Sir Thomas Chamberlaine Sir Thomas Bloodworth Sir Lawrence Bromfeild Knights John Joyliffe Maximilian Bard Thomas Gower Peter Midleton Henry Dunster Esquirs Leiutenant Collonell Thomas Cox Leiutenant Collonell John Alsop Major Edward Storey Major William Har[dJ]ley Collonel Cleggat Collonell Allot Deputy Abraham Johnson Deputy Thomas Min Deputy Robert Hanson Deputy Staine John Saunders George Smith Thomas

Pearle Nicholas Pening John Browne Peter Mills Lawrence Blomely James Noel Richard Cliff John Mascall Richard Rives John Bathurst Henry Hamson Geoffrey Norley Thomas Eng James Aberthawitt Andrew Mildlenon.

Midlesex

For the County of Midlesex Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet Speaker of the House of Commons, Sir Edward Nicholas Principall Secretary of State Arthur Annesly Esquire one of his Majestyes Most Honourable Privy Councell, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper Baronet one of his Majestyes Most Honourable Pryvy Councell, Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronet Sir John Potts Baronet Edward Russell Esquire James Shefield Esquire Sir Jeromy Whitchcot Baronet Sir Solomon Swale Baronet Sir William Waller Sir Thomas Ingram Sir Henry Row Sir Thomas Allen Sir Thomas Rowe Sir Henry Wroth Sir Thomas Hewet Sir Thomas Reynall, Sir Robert Fen Sir Edward Walker Sir John Poole Sir William Wheler Sir Francis Gerrard Sir Philip Warwick John Carey John Glyn Sergeant a*: Law John Maynard Sergeant at Law, Gilbert Gerrard Thomas Allen Henry Mildmay George Pitt William Roberts Nicholas Ranton John Huxley Allen Broderick John Mainard Ralph Hawtrey Challoner Chute Henry Murrey John Browne Richard Peacock William Domvile Thomas Hinshaw Thomas Harrison James Hawley Henry Barker Richard Powel Edwin Rich Edward Rich William Jessop Joseph Ash John Page Robert Page Doctor Thomas Cox Daniell Pro6tor Christopher Eyres John Robinson William Dier George Day John Lane John Hutchinson John Rives Robert Nelson Christopher Abdy William Northey William Gouldsbury Edward Peeke Richard Sherwin Michael Holman John Millet John Hawtrey William [Greenvil '] John Bourchier John Norwood James Norffolke Edward Roberts Captaine Buckner of Isleworth Sir Lancelot Lake Sir Richard Franckling John Bennet John Baldwin M* William Glascocke.

Westminster

For the Citty of Westminster and Libertyes thereof Thomas Lord Fairefax Sir Edward Nicholas and Sir William Morrice principall [Secretaries *] of State John Lord Viscount Scudamore Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir William Waller Sir Thomas Hewet Sir Anthony Irby Sir John Trever Sir Philip Howard Sir Thomas Clergis Sir Francis Gerrard Sir William Poultney Sir William Plater Sir William Wheeler Alexander Popham Henry Slingsby James Palmer George Mountague Gilbert Gerrard Richard Everard John Browne Richard Sherwin Esquires James Parcall Thomas Morris William Oxton Henry Kem Emery Hill Edmond Waters Brian Bamiby Robert Maure Gent Henry Peeke John Pye Esquire Francis Lucy Francis Bacon Ralph Hall Thomas Tayler Ambrose Scudamore John Throckmorton Edmond Warcup Henry Murrey Esquires John Clendon John Breden William Baker John Tong Robert Brough Thomas Darling George Greene Gen! Richard Knightley [John AnsleyJ] Esquiers D'Baber John Chase Humphrey Grove Samuel Smith John Browne Anthony Hall [Edmond PattisonJ] Laurence [Cuthesen4} Simon Pardue Thomas Stephens of Westminster Gent Griffith Bodurda Esquire Kelway Guidert Henry Field, Thomas Brompstead Edward Bowers William Habberfield Thomas Colchester Richard Downing Gen! John Hooker William Clerke Esquire George Meryfield Thomas Halfepenny Mathew Cely Gen! Thomas Bayles Esqs Richard Everad Esquire.

Monmouth

For the County of Monmouth Henry Lord Herbert Sir Edward Morgan Baronet Sir Trever Williams Baronet, Sir George Probert Knight Thomas Morgen of Maughen Esquire William Morgen of Maughen Esquire Charles Vaune Esqs Walter Rumnsey senior Esquire Henry Probert Esquire John Milbume Esquire Edmond Morgan Esquire Thomas Lewis Esquire William Morgan of Pencreig Thomas Hughs Esquires Edward Kemeis of Kernes Esquire George Gwynn Esquire Thomas Morgan of Lanfore Esquire William Herbert Esquire William Milbume Esquire Roger Williams Esquire Charles Hughes Esquire Henry Morgan Esquire William Jones Esquire Thomas Williams Esq* The Maior of Monmouth for the time being.

Northampton

For the County of Northampton Charles Lord de la Spencer Sir William Farmer Sir Thomas Dacres Sir Thomas Cave Sir Samuel Danvers Baronets Walter Kirkham John Lyn Thomas Dove Sir John Langham Francis Quarls Sir James Langham Maurice Tresham Edward Palmer Oliver S* John of Woodford Lewis Palmer William Tresham of Newton Henry Robinson William Wilmer Thomas Roan Thomas Catesby Toby Chancy Henry Howard George Tresham John Bernard John Sires John Cartwright Richard Samuell the younger Samuel Jonis William Nailer Henry Edmundf Esquiers Sir Henry Yelverton Baronet John Crew Thomas Crew Richard Knightly Richard Saltingston Esquires Sir John Norwich Knight and Baronet William Ward William Langham George Clerke [Brian Janson Robert Clerke1} Edward Farmer [Brian Johnson Robert Clerke5] Robert Pargiter Thomas Blincoe Christopher Thursby Philip Holman Humphrey Orme William Lisle Richard Rainsford George Mountague John Delavale Esquiers The Maiors of Northampton Brackley and Higham for the time being William Selby Joseph Sergeant John Gifford Thomas Mainard and Edward Collis Aldermen of Northampton.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 9.

21T

a

Norfolke

For the County of Norfolke Thomas Lord Richerdson Sir Edmond Bacon Sir John Hobert Sir Philip Woodhouse Sir Charles Mordant Sir Horatio Towneshend Sir Richard Barny Sir Edward Barkeham Sir Nicholas Lestrange Sir John Holland Sir John Palgrave Sir William Paston Sir Ralph Hare Sir John Potts Sir Robert Kempe Baronets Sir William Doyley Sir Thomas Guibon Sir Robert Paston Sir William Hovel Knights John Cooke John Potts James de Gray John Knivet Buts Bacon Nicholas Sdleman [William Hewet ‘] John Windham Thomas Rant Jacob Preston, Humphrey Rant Edward Denny Roger Spelman Edward Walpoole Edward Pepis The Maior of Lin for the time being Brig Fountaine Oliver Neve Thomas Townsend Richard Catlin Francis Cory Lawrence Oxburge Robert Steward Thomas Dearham John Spelman Luke Constable Clement Spelman Samuel Hasnet Robert Long John [Aguish *] Robert Sucklin Philipp Beddingfeild Peter Gleane Robert Keddington John Kendal Robert Buxton Robert Baldock George Towsend William Rant Leonard Shapes Maurice Shelton John Lovel William Crane Henry Reps Thomas Meadowe Edward Barber /Thomas Drury Robert Gansall Thomas Johnson senior Thomas Gooth George Ingland Nicholas Cutting James Simondf James Johnson.

Norwich

For the County and Citty of Norwich The Maior for the time being Adrian Parmenter Henry Watts John Rayly Bernard Church William Bamham John Man Thomas Toft John Salter Samuel Puckle Christopher Jay Roger [Mingley *] William Davy Esquire Joseph Paine Thomas Rant John Hoberd Francis Bacon Thomas Bacon Francis Cory Thomas Cory John Earle Edward Chamberlaine John Norris Esquiers Justinian Lewin Doctor of the Law The Sheriffe for the rime being Richard Wenman Robert Allen John Andrewes Thomas Johnsons William Tooke Nicholas Poynter Robert Holmes Aldermen Robert Gooch [Francis Norris Thomas Norris4] William Trendle Robert Bendish Edmond Cock Augustine Brigs.

Northumberland

For the County of Northumberland Lord Viscount Mansefeild Collonel Charles Howard Sir William Phenwicke Baronet Sir Ralph Delavale Baronet Sir Thomas Widdrington Knight Sir Robert Collinwood Knight Sir George Downing Knight Sir Ralph Knight Knight Thomas Grey of Chillingham Esquire Robert Delaval Esquire Daniell Collingwood Esquire Edward Fenwicke Esquire Robert Mitford Esquire Thomas Foster of Etherston Esquire William Forster of Balmeburgh Esquire William Shafto Esquire William Strother Esquire Richard Forster Esquire Thomas Lorraine Esquire Cuthbert Heron Esquire [William Middleton Esquire James Ogle Esq^ ’] Henry Widdrington of Blacke Heddon Esquire Henry Oagle Esquire Thomas Card of Ford Esqs William Fenwicke of Bywel Esquire Gilbert Swinnow Esquire Richard [Scoal5] Esquire, The Bayliffes of Morpeth for the time being Ralph Grey Esqv.

Newcastle upon Tine

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tine Thomas Bonner Esquire Maior Robert Shafto Recorder Robert Shafto Alderman George Dalson Marke Milbanke Christopher Nicholson John Emerson Henry Rawlin Aldermen James Brigs Sheriffe Robert Ellinson William Calverley Richard [Stot ] Esquire John Cosins Ralph Grey Henry Maddison Ralph Jennison John Buder Thomas Davison Thomas Errington William Blacket William Rutter Robert Rodham Ralph Car William Huntly Miles Man Merchants Robert Car William Wallis Edward Middleton.

Nottingham

For the County of Nottingham Wentworth Earle of Kildare Gilbert Lord Haughton Anchetel Grey William Pierpoint Arthur Stanhop Esquiers Sir William Hickman Baronet William Willoughby of War sop Esquire Sir Thomas Williamson Baronet Robert Pierpoint Esquire Sir Jervis Knifton Knight and Baronet, Sir George Savill Baronet Sir Francis Mullineux Baronet Sir Ralph Knight William Stanhop [ Esquire1] Henry Sucheverell William Willougby Jervas Pigot William Clarkeson William Cartwriht of Sutton [ Esquire7] Robert [Buller*] Esquire Thomas Charleton [ Esquire9] Anthony Air Acton Bushel Francis Leake Francis Stringer William Childers Esquiers

The Towne of Nottingham.

For the Towne of Nottingham and County of the same Arthur Stanhop Robert Pierpoint Esquires The Maior for the time being Charles Hutchinson Esquire William Skevington Esquire John Marton Samuel Sulley Gent John Parker Alderman The Maior of Newarke for the time being, The Bailiffes of Retford for the time being.

Oxon

For the County of Oxon Henry Lord Viscount Falkland Thomas Lord Viscount Wenman Sir Thomas Pope

Knight Sir Anthony Cope Sir Thomas Spencer Sir Thomas Penniston Sir Francis Henry Leigh Sir Thomas

Chamberlaine Sir William Walter Baronets Sir William Waller Sir William Fleetwood Sir William Morton Knights Sir Timothy Tirrell Baronets Sir Thomas Hoard Sir Francis Norris Sir Henry Jones Sir Edmond Bray

Sir John Robinson [Knightlo] James Fiennes Edward Hungerford William Lewis John Clerke of Northweston John

1 interlined on the Roll. • Anguish 0. * Mingay 0. 4 Thomas Norris Francis Norris 0. * Stole 0.

• Stott 0. 1 Es<j». • Butler 0. • 0 omits. •® Kn« 0.

218

12° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1660*

Clerke of Aston John Doyley Edmund Lenthall Esquires Sir John Tiping Knight Francis Wenman Robert Jenkinson Vincent Barry John Osbaldeston William Cope William Stonehouse Thomas Hoard John Fetdplace Litleton Osbaldeston Row Lacy George Berry Compton Read Robert Dormer Charles Hallaway George Chamberlaine Broome Whorwood William Dormer William Shepheard William Cartwright William Draper William Knolles David Walter William Barber Edward Atkins Esquiers Thomas Clayton Doctor of Phisicke James Huxley John Taverner Francis Martin George Crooke Thomas Cobb Esquires.

The University of Oxon

For the University of Oxford Doctor Thomas Clayton Doctor John Mills [Dr Elliot1] DoSor Timothy Baldwin Doctor Richard Lydall Master Charles Halloway Mr John Halloway Mr Edward Aslin Mr Thomas Rowney Mr Thomas Jackson Mr John Crosse M' Francis Bowman Mr John Harlewood Mr Thomas Robinson.

The Citty of Oxford

For the Citty of Oxford Henry Lord Viscount Faulkland The Maior for the time being James Huxley Esquire John Nixon Humphrey Whistler Aldermen Richard Hallaway Esquire Sampson White John Souch John Harris William Potter Francis Haward Thomas Tiping Roger Griffith Gent:

Rutland

For the County of Rutland Bennet Lord Sherrard Philip Sherrard Samuel Browne Esquiers Sir Thomas Hartop Sir Richard Wingfeild Sir Eusebeus Pelsant Alexander Noel Edward Heath Christopher Browne Richard Halford Abel Barker Edward Falkoner Richard Fancourt Ezekiel Johnson Esquires.

Salop

For the County of Salop Charles Viscount Kilmurry William Pierpoint Esquire Sir Thomas Harris Baronet Sir Henry Fredericke Thinne Baronet Sir William Whitmore Baronet Sir Thomas Wolrich Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Lawley Sir Walter Acton Baronets Sir Richard Leveson Knight of the Bath Sir William Owen Sir Richard Prince Sir Richard Otley Knights Henry Vernon Esquire Francis Keniston Charles Manwering Richard Scriven William Fowler Esqrs Timothy Litleton Sergeant at Law Robert Charleton Thomas Whitmore Job Charleton John Walcot William Oakeley Thomas Ketleby Vincent Edwardf Thomas Powis Thomas Crumpe Edmond Waring of Owlebury John Newton Robert Leighton Richard Leister Esquiers Alexander Midleton Gen! Roger Keniston Francis Thornes William Jones Edward Powel Edward Lloyd of Lanvarda Rees Tanat Robert Owen William Owen of Porkington Esquiers, The Maior of Shrewsbury for the time being Timothy Turner Samuel Jones Thomas Jones Roger Owen Philip Prince Thomas Hunt Esquiers Thomas Heyes Robert Forster Gen! Samuel Wingfeild Adam Otley Esquirs Francis Smith Thomas Lockier Gen! Arthur Weaver Thomas Holland James Lacon Philip Eyton Francis Charleton Esquiers Andrew Hill Gen! Thomas Piggot Robert Sandford Rowland Hill William Cotton Esquiers Thomas Lockhard Gen! Edward Ketleby The Baylifis of Ludlow and Bridgenorth Wenlocke and Bishops Castle for the time being Doctor William Child one of the Masters of the Chauncery, Edward Bawdewine Esquire Ambrose Gataker Edward Pulley Gen!.

Stafford

For the County of Stafford Sir Thomas Leigh Knight Sir Harvey Bagot Baronet Sir Richard Leveson Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Litleton Baronet Sir Walter Wrotesley Baronet Sir Francis Lawley Baronet- Sir John Worley Sir John Bowyer Sir Brian Broughton Knights Edward Bagot William Sneyed Gualter Chetwin Henry Grey Gerrard Scrimsher Michael Bydolph John Swinfen Samuel Terrick William Chetwin Rowland Cotten Jonathan Cope Charles Cotten Rowland Oaker Thomas Kinnersley .Thomas Whitgrave John Chetwood Edward Maniwering John Withall George Parker John Lane Anthony Rudyard William Colclough Thomas Crumpton Henry Stone Thomas Fox Richard Piet Esquiers Edward Kellet Gen!: Walter Grosvenor Esq, The Bailiffes of Tam worth.

The Towne of Stafford

For the Towne of Stafford the Maior for the Time being Robert Milward Esquire Edward Wilson Simon Fowler Aldermen.

For die Towne of Newcastle

The Maior for die time being Alderman Burslem Thomas Bagnal Thomas Wood Aldermen Samuel Terick Gens.

Litchfeild

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Litchfeild The Bayliffes for the time being Anthony Dyott John Hill Daniel Watson Michael Bidolph Esquiers Thomas Minors James Allen Gen! William Jessin John Perkins Henry Mott.

AJ).\660,

12° Car. II. c. 9

219

Somerset

For die County of Somerset Lord Hawley Francis Pawlet Esq> Sir John Stowel Sir Thomas Mallet Sir Henry Berkley Sir Charles Berkley Sir Maurice Berkley Sir Thomas Bridges Sir William Windham Sir George Norton Sir George Horner Sir John Warr Alexander Popham Edward Phelips Edward Hungerford Hugh Smith Francis Roll John Harrington John Mallet William Prin George Speake Francis Lutterel John Simes Henry Rogers Samuel Georges Francis Windham William Bull Peregrine Palmer Thomas Warr William Helliar of Cooker Edward Court John Hyppesley Thomas Piggot John Buckland Peter Royner Thomas White John Churchill Henry Bull George Trevillian Richard Jones William Waldrald John Tynte William Basset John Banfeild John Cary George Sidenham Esquiers The Maior and eldest Aldermen of the Citty of Bath for the time being The Maior and eldest Aldermen of the Citty of Wells for the time being, The Maior and eldest Aldermen of the respective Townes of Bridgewater and Taunton for the time being.

The Citty of Bristoll

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Bristol John Locke Alexander James John Guning Richard Vickrls Miles Jackson Joseph Jackson Richard Balman Walter Sandy Arthur Farmer Henry Creswick Nathaniel Calo Robert Aldworth Francis Gleed John Pope John Lawford Richard Grigson John Knight the Younger Robert Can Robert Vickris.

Southampton

For the County of Southampton with the Towne and County Charles Lord S’ John Sir Robert Haward Knight Sir Henry Worsley Sir William Lewis Sir John Norton Sir Robert Dillington Sir William Meux Baronet Sir John Dingley Sir John Leigh Sir Hugh Steilkley Baronet Sir Richard Kingsmill Sir William Kingsmill Sir Thomas Badd Knights Richard Whitehead Richard Norton John Button John Bulkley Thomas Knowles William Oglander Robert Billington Thomas Jerrice John Rkhardf Henry Wallup Henry Whitehead Edward Trussell George Pitt Esquiers Sir Nicholas Stewart Sir Andrew Henley Baronets Leonard Bilson Francis Roll John Hooke Thomas Cole John Trot Lawrence Hyde Philip Leigh Edward Goddard Giles Hungerford Francis Rivet Roger Gallop Frauds Tilney John Lloyd Henry Bromfeild William Pitt Arthur Bold William Collins Edward Norton Richard Goddard John Woulveridge Edward Exton William Wither Robert Richbell William Stanley Edward Worseley Benjamin Ruddiard Edward Hooper Edward Fleming Edward Hooper of Peare Tree John Ford Francis Leigh Henry Tulse Perkinson Odber Edward Hayes Thomas Edmondf Robert Oxenbridge Robert Gosse Richard Love William Knapton William Bishop, The Maior of Winton The Maior of Southampton The Maior of Portsmouth The Maior of Newport Mr William Horn The BaiUffe of Andover.

Isle of Wight

For the Isle of Wight Sir Henry Worsley Sir Robert Dillington Sir William Meux Baronets Sir John Dingley Sir John Leigh Knights Robert Dillington John Richardf William Oglander William Bowreman Esquiers Mr Francis Leigh M Edward Worseley Mr Henry Ringwood Maior of Newport.

Suffolke

For the County of Suffolke Sir Fredericke Comewallis Treasurer of his Majestyes Household Sir Dudley North Knight of the Bath Walter Devereux Esquire Sir Edmond Bacon Baronet Sir Lionel [Talmouth 1 ] Sir Henry Felton Sir John Barker Sir Robert K4mpe Sir Henry Wood Sir John Castleton Sir Henry North Sir Thomas Darcy Sir Jervase Ellis Sir Robert Cordwell Baronets Sir Henry Crofts, Sir Philip Parker Sir Edmond Pooley Sir William Pooley Sir Thomas Beddingfeild Sir Edward Duke Sir Sackevile Glemman Sir William Doyley Sir John Pettus Sir George Reve Sir Robert Brooke Knights Charles Cornewallis John Rouse Robert Brooke Henry Parker Isaac Appleton Thomas Walgrave Thomas Bacon Thomas Cullam Charles Gaudy William Bloys Senior John Knevet Richard Cooke Joseph Brand John Harvey William Bloys junior Peregrine Doyley Esquire Sir Thomas Bemardiston Robert Brumbrick John Beningfeild Edmond Femeley William Gooding Francis Theobald Edward Man Benjamin Culter Joseph Beomont Peter Alderman Nicholas Bacon of [Cussord * *] Nicholas Bacon of Shubland Henry Bacon William Gooch John Garnish [Thomas Terrel Thomas Leman 3] Henry Warren [Henry North of Laxfield Philip ParkorJohn Warner John Hanmer Hamond Claxton Edmond Harvey Thomas Steward Thomas Veze John Thurston Robert Gosnel Thomas Scrivener John Rivet Robert Stile Henry Yaksley senior Robert Mallet Thomas Dade John Dauntry (5) Robert King Jeffery Barwell (6) John Sicklemore Francis (7) Robert Penning Humphrey Moseley Edmond Parker Gardenor Webb Isaac Mothum Thomas Read John Bence Thomas Butts Esquires.

Ipsewich

For the Town of Ipsewich The Baliffs for the time being Nathaniel Bacon Francis Bacon John Smithier Nicholas Philips Robert Sparrow Henry Whiting.

S* Edmondf Bury

For S1 Edmondf Bury The Alderman for the time being William Turner Francis Browne Nicholas Batteley John Sotherby Recorder Stephen Cooke Francis Godfrey

1 TiUmach O. • Culford 0. * Thomas Leman Thomas Tirrell 0. 4 Phillip Parker Henry North of Laxfield 0.

* Robert Nantoo 0. • John Laney 0. 1 Blank in Original.

220

12" Cab. II. c.9.

A.D. 1660.

Sudbury

For the Towne of Sudbury The Maior for the time being William Byat Joseph Man John Warner.

Albrough

For the Towne of Albrough The Bayliffe for the time being William Shipman Richard Browne John Burwood.

Surrey

For the County of Surrey Francis Lord Aungier Sir Francis Vincent Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Lenthal Sir Edmond Bowyer Sir Charles Howard Sir John Evelyn Sir William Haward Sir Daniel Harvey Sir John Maynard Sir Robert Parkehurst Sir Walter Raleigh Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir Richard Sddolph Adam Browne Henry Hilyard Arthur Onslow Nicholas Carew George Chute John Scot John Heale Roger James William Elliot Christopher Buckle George Evelin Marmaduke Gresham Henry Weston Edmond Hoskins John Goodwin Edward Thurland William Hoskins William Wimonsould Richard Delves Edward Lenthrope George Smith Dixy Long Robert Holman Edward Bish Thomas Turgesse George Browne John Floyd Geoige Duncombe Roger Duncombe Vincent Randall John Thynne Roger Heath George Vernon Francis Duncombe John Westbrooke Richard West Doflor Turner Richard Hatton Richard Evelyn Robert Wood John Bromfeild Peter Delanoy James Burton

George Moore Giles Walcop Hugh Currer John Nobbs William Austin Anthony Thomas.

Sussex

For the County of Sussex Sir John Pelham Sir Henry Goreing Sir Charles Shelley Baronets Sir Thomas Dyke Sir Edward Ford Knights Henry Goreing Herbert Springet Herbert Morley John Stapeley Denny Ashbumham George Courtop John Leuknor William Morley George Parker John Byne John Fagg Thomas Midleton Hall Ravenscroft Henry Pecham [George Stewart1 ] Edward Blaker Nisil Rivers Edward Eversfeild John Forrington William Garaway Thomas Bettesworth Thomas Grey Thomas Palmer Allen Carr Esquiers Thomas Peckham Walter Pauley Gent Peter Bettesworth of Fitzales William Baldwin Gent William Gratweek Hugh Petter John Paine Esquiers Thomas Bernard Gen! Christopher Coles George Edmondf Richard Mill Edward Cooke Henry Onslow Edward Mitchel Esquiers Henry Chowne Bre Chowne John Bakshall William Strace John Gratweek of Eatons Edward Paine William Dyke Esquire Francis Selwin Thomas Foster Esquiers John Fuller of Walden Sackvile Groves George Nevil Esquire Walter Henley Anthony Shurley Esquiers Richard Bridger Ambrose Trayton Walter Burrel John Oliver Anthony Stapeley Esquire Anthony Spriget Esquire Thomas Beard Roger Showeswell Esquire Edward English Robert Fowler Edward May Esquire Edward [PetthilP] John Dunk Thomas Sackvil John Dyne Walter Everinden The Maior of Chichester for the time being Richard Shepherd Thomas Gratwicke of Morleyes Thomas Bromfeild the elder William Gratweeke of Jervis Samuel Gott Esquire.

Worcester

For the County of Worcester George Coventree Esquire Sir William Russel Sir Henry Lideton Sir John Packington Sir Thomas Rous Sir Gilbert Cornewall Baronets Sir Ralph Clare Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Herbert [Kn*3] Sir Rowland Berkley Sir John Windford Sir John Talbot Knights Edward Pits Samuel Sandf William Ligon John Egiock Henry Bromley of Holt Thomas Savage of Emley Sherrington Talbot Francis Finch Samuel Sandis junior William Sheldon of Broadway Edward Rous Henry Bromley of Upton Edward Dingley Thomas Foley Thomas Childe Henry Jefferies Richard Dowdeswell Philip Brace John Nanfan Philip Parsons William Washbume George Symondf Richard Greves Edward Pennel Nicholas ASon Edward Vernon John Bearcroft Esquiers, The Maior of Evesham for the time being Theophilus Andrewes Esquire, The Bayliffes of Drotwich for the time being John Allen of Drotwich Esquire Edward Wheeler Esquire The Bayliffe of Bewdley for the time being Edward Carew Edward Bushel Thomas Watson Henry Towneshend Esquiers.

Worcester Citty

For the Citty of Worcester Edward Ashby Maior John Nash Henry Ford Aldermen Edward Solley Richard Carwardine Richard Henning Robert Sollers John Higgins William Smith John Bearcroft Thomas Piercey Thomas Street [die3 ] younger Humphrey Tyrer Gen! Thomas Hall Thomas Streete Esqs

Warwicke.

For the County of Warwicke Kildare Lord Digby George Fane Esquire Charles Leigh Esquire Sir Robert Holt Baronet Sir Richard Temple Sir Henry Puckering Sir Clement Fisher Sir Francis Lawley Sir Edward [Broughton4] Sir John Knighdey Sir John Shugburch Baronets Sir Charles Adderley Knight Sir Francis Willoughby Sir Charles Lee Sir William Underhil Sir George Browne Sir William Palmer Knights Richard Newdegate Sergeant at Law Richard. Lucy William Somervil Thomas Gibbs Clement Throckmorton Thomas Archer Francis Fisher John Lisle Clement Throckmorton junior John Rous Thomas Marriot Thomas Temple William Dilke Charls Bentley John Fetherston Thomas Flint William Booth Humphrey Jenings Thomas Fox Mathew Bridges Esquiers The Bayliffe of Tamworth for the time being.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 9.

221

Coventry

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventy Richard Hopkins Esquire, Basil Feilding William Jesson Robert Beake Maior Thomas Norton Esquires Mathew Smith Alderman.

Warwicke

For the Towne of Warwicke The Bayliffe for the time bang Mathew Holbeck Esq* Roger Redes Gens.

Wilts

For the County of Wilts Denzell Holies one of his Majestyes honourable Privy Councell Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper one of His Majesty es honourable Privy Councel Charles Seymoure Sir Robert Hyde Knight one of the Justices of the Common Bench Sir Walter S* John Sir Seymore Pile Sir George Grobhamhow Sir Hugh Speake Baronets Sir James Thyn Sir Thomas Thin Sir John Granvil Sir John Evelin Sir Thomas Hall Sir Edward Poole Sir John Talbot Knights Edward Tooker Richard Grobhamhow Walter Earneley Alexander Thistlewhait [senior1] Giles Tooker Giles Eyre [senior *] John Bulkley Francis Swanton [Giley*] Eyre [junior3] Seymour Bowman Wadham Windham Edward Manning John Mompesson Thomas Hawles Edward S* Bar be William Swanton Joseph Stockman Edward Top John Low Gilbert Raleigh Rowland Platt John Davenant Thomas Darell Henry Eyre Henry Clerke Alexander Popham Henry Hyde John Earneley [junior3] Ralph Frecke William [Hannell4] John Playdell John Norden Jeffery Daniell John Fkzherbert James Ash William Fisher William Sadler Nevill Maskline John Hawkins Robert Hippesley Edward Carter Duke Stonehouse John Foyle John Collins William Thomas Thomas Gape Francis Wroughton William Yorke Thomas Grub John Kent Robert Nicholas John Long Thomas Gore of Alberton Edward Not Edward Bainton Edward Hungerford of Farley Castle Edward Hungerford of Caddenham Lawrence Washington George Ayloffe Richard Southby Thomas Escourt George Ivy George Lowe Richard Escourt William Jordon John Eyre Anthony Hungerford Richard Lewis William Brownker Henry Long Benjamin Gifford William Willoughby Thomas Mompesson of Corton Thomas Grove Edward Yerbury William Eyre Thomas Bennet Edward Hyde Edward Medlecott John Eliot William Ducket John Escourt James Mountegue John Danvers John Abury Walter Long Henry Hungerford Richard Greene Thomas Bennet of Pithouse John Bennet.

Sarum

For the Citty of New Sarum The Maior for the time being Sir Robert Hyde Knight one of the Justices of the Common Bench Edward Tooker Wadham Windham Francis Swanton John Holt Thomas Chafin Thomas Ovyat Thomas Cutler Edward Edmundf Thomas Ray [senior1] Walter Earneley William Swanton Christopher Batt Thomas Darrel,

Westmerland

For the County of Westmerland Sir Philip Musgrave Sir William Dalston Sir Richard Sandford [Sir John Lowther5] Sir John Lowther [junior 3] Baronets Sir Christopher Clapham Knight Richard Musgrave John Lowther John Dalston Richard Braithwait [junior3 ] Christopher Dudley Thomas Sandford Robert Hilton Lancelot Maitchell Edward Nevison Allen Bellingham Richard Braithwaite Daniel Fleming James Ducket Thomas Braithwait Edward Wilson Henry Wilson John Otway Esquiers, The Maior of Kendall for the time being Thomas Sandf Gent.

Anglesey

For the Isle of Anglesey Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley Thomas Bulkley Esquire Sir Hugh Owen Sir John Carter John Glynn Sergeant at Law Nicholas Bagnell Esquire John Bodnel Pierce Lloyd senior Pierce Lloyd junior Thomas Wood Thomas Robinson William Bolda Richard Mairick Richard Owen Theodore Esquiers Mr John Win Bodywrid Rowland Bulkley John Griffith Rowland White Griffith Bodurda Esquiers Mr John Owen Mathlie Mr Henry Lloyd Mr John Owen Penrose Mr William Lewis Kemlin, The Maior of Beaumaris for the time being Mr Henry Junes MT David Lloyd

Brecon

For the County of Brecon Sir William Lewis Baronet Sir Henry Williams Baronet Herbert Price Thomas Lewis Milbume Williams John Jefferies Henry Williams of Cabalva Esquiers Thomas Williams Recorder of Brecon Edward Williams Walter Vaughan Esquiers William Thomas Bailiffe of Brecon Meridith Lewis James Watkins Hugh Powell James Penry Thomas Bowen John Herbert George Gwin Rowland Lloid Thomas Williams John Sddman Morgan Aubury Esqs.

Cardigan

For the County of Cardigan Sir Richard Price Sir Walter Lloid Sir Francis Lloid James Lewis [senior »] James Lewis [junior3] John Vaughan John Jones James Jones Roger Palmer Robert Birr Reignald Jenkins William Lloid Richard Jones John Lloyd Thomas Powell Thomas Lewis John Lewis John Bowen.

3

222

12° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1660.

Carmarthen

For the County of Carmarthen Arthur Annesley Esquire Francis Lord Vaughan Sir Erasmus Philips Sir Edward Mansil Baronet Sir Sackvile Crow Knight Sir Francis Lloyd Roger Lort Howel Guin John Lloyd Nicholas Williams Rowland Guin of Glanbraen George Jones Sir Edward Rice David Morgan Henry Mansel Thomas Lloyd/ of Duneralt John Vaughan of Llanelly Thomas Lloyd of Lanlauddog Thomas Evans John Powell Charles Guin Thomas Williams Richard Guin Owen Price John Evans John Philips Morgan Lloyd Thomas Guin Lewis Lloyd William Williams Daniell Lloyd Esquires John Vaughen of Golden Grove John Vaughan of Court Francis Jones John Lewis John Powell junior Anthony Mansell Philip Vaughan James Jones Thomas Morgan Humphrey Browne Henry Vaughan of Derwide John Vaughan junior of Whitehouse Owen Brigstocke Esquire Evan Thomas of Langhome Walter Vaughan Gent, Walter Jones Esquire John Hughes Maior of Carmarthen Robert Birt William Slowman Griffith Bynon Daukins Gough Anthony Jones Aldermen John Hughes senior Alderman Feines Walter Thomas Henry Midleton John Harris William Guin.

Camarvan

For the County of Camarvan Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley Sir Owen Win Sir John Owen John Glin Sergeant at JLaw Sir Richard Lloyd Sir Roger Mostin Sir John Carter Richard Wyn John Bodvel Griffith Jones Nicholas Bagnall Sir Griffith Williams William Glyn William Griffith of Lyn William Vaughan Robert Win of Ystquckegid Thomas Win William Hookes Hugh Wyn Robert Williams [John1] Bodurda Edmund Glyn Thomas Vaughan Robert Coitmore Owen Griffith Owen Wyn John Williams Esquiers Mr Hugh Bodurda Nicholas Baley Esq> Mr William Wyn Mr Richard Griffith Mr William Williams Mr John Lloyd of Nangwunable Mr William Spicer Mr William Arthur Mr Evan Lloyd Mr Jeffery Williams.

Denbigh

For the County of Denbigh Sir John Salisbury Sir William Merideth Sir Thomas Powell Sir Evan Lloyd Sir Edward Broughton Baronets Sir Thomas Midleton Sir Richard Lloyd Sir John Trevor Sir John Carter Sir Thomas Trevor Sir Robert Hagborough Knights Thomas Midleton Simon Thelwel John Trevor John Robinson Bevis Lloyd Richard Wynn Charles Salisbury Roger Grosvenor Thomas Terrel John Thelwell John Jefferies Eubal Thelwel! John Edisbury Hugh Wyn of Barthee Richard Midleton William Owen Charles Midleton John Wyn of Whatstey Robert Wyn of Voylas Robert Price of Geeler Thomas Ravenscroft David Maurice of Penybont John Lloyd of [Llanquys1] Edward Maurice of Loran Kenrick Eaton Foulke Midleton Watkin Kiffin Samuell Jones William Price John Wyn of Meley William Parry John Dolben Charles Goodman Thomas Holland Peter Foulks Edward Thelwell of Lanbodar Thomas Price John Puleston Esquiers.

Flint

For the County of Flint Sir Thomas Hanmer Baronet Sir Thomas Midleton Sir John Trevor Sir John Carter John Glin Sergeant at Law Thomas Midleton Roger Mostin of Mostin John Trevor William Price Henry Conway Mutton Davice Thomas Ravenscroft Roger Pulleston Baron Edwardf Robert Davis Mutton Davis John Eaton John Salisbury William Mostin Thomas Lloyd of Halton William Hanmer of Fenns Thomas Humphreys William Glyn Robert Whitley Robert Mostin David Pennant Peter Griffith of Caerust Owen Barton Thomas [Cluchley3] Hugh Pennant Andrew Ellis Peter Foulks Luke Lloyd Thomas Dymocke Richard Young John Lloyd of Farm Esquiers Peter Foulks of Maradocke William Griffith of Panty Loundis Samuell Mostin Eubal Hughes Roger Grosvener Esq*

Glamorgan

For the County of Glamorgan Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward Thomas Sir John Aubrey Baronets Sir Thomas Lewis Sir Richard Basset Knights David Jenkins Robert Thomas William Lewis Edmond Thomas Miles Button William Thomas William Herbert William Basset Esquiers Evan Seyes Sergeant at Law William Basset of Myskin the elder Humphrey Windham Bussey Mansell Herbert Evens David Mathew Thomas Mathew Thomas Stradling senior Robbert Button Gabrieli Lewis Thomas Came Thomas Thomas Richard Lougher John Avon Edmond Gammage John Windham Lambrock Stradling Edward Mathew Walter Thomas Edward Turbervil John Came Henry Basset John Price, Charles Bowen Richard Davies Edward Mansell Henry Hill Richard Seys John Gibs.

Merioneth

For the County of Merioneth William Price William Vaughan William Salisbury Maurice Wyn of Crogan Howell Vaughan of Gian Yllin John Lloyd of Maes Pandi William Vaughan of Caithley Lewis Lloyd Robert Wyn Edmond Meyrick Lewis Owen Richard Anwell John Vaugbon of Keren Bodge Humphrey Hughs Mortice Williams Esquiers.

Mountgomery

For the County of Mountgomery Sir Mathew Price Baronet Sir Thomas Midleton Sir Edward Lloyd Knights Andrew Newport Roger Palmer Thomas Midleton John Purcel John Blaney John Pugh Richard Herbert Richard Owen Francis Bulier John Price of Parke Mathew Morgans William Penrhin Roger Mostin John Blodwell Robert Lee Thomas Wind Edward Evans John Newton William Oakeley Edmond Wareing John Mathewes Thomas Corbet Thomas Morris Brockwell Griffiths Edward Lloyd of Maesmawer Francis Fitzherbert Thomas Jones Esqs John Wittingham David Powell Thomas Jukes Eubald Edwardf Thomas Lloyd of Gtenhaven John [Giffin4] Arthur Weaver John Oakley Samuel Biggs Edward Edwards Edmond Lloyd Gens.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* Lanynys 0.

3 Crutchley 0.

4 Kyflfen O.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 9.

223

Pembrooke

For the County of Pembrooke Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir John Stepney Baronets Sir Hugh Owen Knight and Baronet George Ha ward Rowland Langhome Essex Mericke Roger Lort Arthur Owen Henry White Lewis Barlow Hugh Bowen Hugh Boteler William Philips Herbert Perrot William Scourfeild James Bowen Thomas Parrey John Lort James Lloid Thomas Wogan of Lansdnan John Maltuas Thomas Cosens Isaac Lloid John Elliot the elder Isaac Loyd Esquiers The Maior of Pembrooke for the time being Richard Browne Alderman, The Maior of Tenbigh for the time being, John Proderough Alderman Collonell Edward Freeman.

Haverford West

For the Towne and County of Haverford West Henry Jones Maior Sir John Stepney Baronet Sir Hugh Owen Knight and Baronet Gfeorjje Ha ward Esquire William Philips Arnold Thomas Isaac Lloyd Esquiers William Williams Henry Bowen Thomas Davidf Richard Bateman William Walter William Howell William Davidf Alderman Mathew Prynn John Williams.

Radnor

For the County of Radnor Arthur Annesley Esquier Edward Harley George Guin Robert Harley Richard Fowler Henry Williams Thomas Lewis Esquiers James Price Nicholas Tayler Robert Martin Thomas Corbet Evan Davis Samuell Powell Henry Probert Charles Lewis Griffith Jones Andrew [Phillyes ‘] Herbert Weston Thomas Lewis junior Hugh Lewis John Richardf senior Esquiers.

Berwicke upon Tweed

For the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede The Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Widdrington Knight Edward Gray John Rushworth Esquiers John Sleigh Benjamin Clerke Andrewe Crispe Ralph Salkeild Thomas Watson Stephen Jackson Alderman Roger Armorer Thomas Dickenson Marke Scot James Scot Edward Salkeild Elias Prat Robert Turvon.

And Bee it further enacted and ordained that the [severall1] Commissioners aforesaid shall have full power and authority by vertue of this AS without any further Commission to putt the effeS of this AS in execution and in order thereunto shall in their respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places meete together at the most usuall and common place of meeting within each of the said County es Cittyes Burroughs Townes and Places respectively within foure dayes after the proclayining of this Act, and the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the said first generall meeting or the major part of them may by their consents and agreements sever themselves for the execution of this Act in Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Wards Townes and other places within their limits [in such manner & forme1] as to them shall seeme expedient and shall direct their severall or joynt precept or precepts to such Inhabitants High Constables Petty Constables Baiiiffes and other like Officers and Ministers and such number of them and as in and by this Act is appointed, and at such their appearances the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be therunto appointed shall openly read or cause to be read unto them the said rates in this Act mentioned, and openly declare the effect of their charge unto them, and how and in what manner they ought and should make their certificats according to the rates and summes therof abovesaid, and of all manner of persons as well Aliens and Strangers Denizens or not Denizens inhabiting within this Realme as of such popish Recusants and other persons who be borne under the Kings obeysance chargeable by this Act and after such charge given shall at the discretion of the [sames] Commissioners or any three of them prefix another day and place to the said persons to appeare before the said Commissioners and bring in their certificates under the penalty of forty shillings for every default, and therupon at the said day and place prefixed and limited the said Commissioners shall make their precept or precepts to such Officers or Collectors being able and sufficient men in every Hundred Wapentake towne or [other *] place aforesaid as they the said Commissioners or any three or more of them shall thinke fitt, comprising and containing in diem the names and surnames of all persons presented before them in the said Certificates, of whom or of any of them if the said Commissioners or any three of them in their severall limitts shall have certaine knowledge, or vehement suspect that he or she is of greater value then is upon such person or persons soe certified or specified, that then the aid Comisskmers shall upon examination thereof by good and lawfull meanes without oath set such rate or rates upon every such person or persons as shall be according to the true intent and meaning of this Act, and if any person or persons shall refuse to pay the severall summes and proportions appointed by this Act for such person to pay upon demand made by the Constable or Officer of the said place according to the Estreats delivered to them by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawfull to and for such Constable or Officer for non payment thereof to destnfine the person or persons soe refuseing by his [and4] their goods and chattels, and the distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of sower dayes at the costs and charges of the owner thereof, And if the said Owner doe not pay the said summe of money, due by this Act within the said foure dayes, then the said distresse to be apprised by three or two of the Inhabitants where such distresse is taken and then to be sould by the said Officer for the payment of the said money, and the overplus comeing by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the charge of takeing and keeping the said distresse to be immediately restored to the Owner theirof, and the said Officers and other persons soe deputed to aske take gather and leavy the said summes shall answere and be charged for the portion onely to them assigned and limitted to be leavyed gathered and comprised in the said Writing and estreate soe to them as aforesaid delivered to the persons and uses in this Act expressed, and the said summe in that writing or estreat to be

V.

Commissioners may execute AS without further Commission.

Commissioner* may divide themselves;

and direct Precepts to Inhabitants,

Sec. to appear, and at such Appearance read the said Rates, and charge them how to make their Certificates, See.

and after such Charge prefix another Day and Place for Appearance & bringing in Certificate.

Penalty 40s.

Commissioners to make Precept to Collectors containing Names of Persons presented in Certificate. Commissioners suspecting Value of Estates; to set Rate.

Persons refusing to pay Rate; Officers may distrain.

If Rate not paid within Four Days, Distress appraised and sold for Payment of Rates, Arc. Overplus paid to Owner of Goods.

Officer charged only for his Portion;

12° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1660.

and to pay tame to Commissioners;

Commissioners to pay same to Sheriff;

Sheriff to pay same to Treasurers.

Rates paid in current Money.

VI.

Persons dissuading others from paying Rate, or consenting that any other Person shall be under-rated.

Imprisonment. Except Peers.

VII.

Sums collected to be issued by Treasurers to the Uses in this Act mentioned.

Officers making Default in collecting. See.

accountable before Parliament.

VIII. Persons residing in London or within 15 Miles paying before the time limited to the Persons herein named as Treasurers;

to receive an Acquittance, and taken to be an acceptable Service.

IX.

Persons lending j£ioo. or upwards declared a good Service.

X.

Persons, &c. lending before 1 st Aug. 1660.

Repayment secured with Interest at j£6. per Cent, per Annum.

XI.

Treasurers to repay such Loans out of the Rates received by them, with Interest at g£6. per Cent, per Annum.

XII. Acquittances from Persons appointed for Receipt of Rates a sufficient Discharge to Treasurers.

comprized to pay unto the said Commissioners, or any three of them with all speede and without delay at such day and place as by them shall be appointed, and the said Commissioners to whom the said summes or any of them shall be paid shall with all speede and without delay carry and pay the same unto the Sheriffe or Sheriffes of the said County or Citty respectively wherin the said summes shall or ought to be collected and paid, and every such Sheriffe respectively within the Kingdome of England, and Dominion of Wales shall with all speede and without delay pay or cause to be paid all and every the sumes by him or them received to the Treasurers in this AS named, or any three of them, all and every which said summe and summes of money soe to be paid by force and vertue of this Act shall bee paid in currant money of England,

And bee it further enacted that if any person or persons shall disswade any other person from paying the rates or summes soe to [to ’] bee rated as aforesaid by force or vertue or according to the tenor of this Act, or by corruption shall give consent that any person shall be rated below or under the proportion which any such person ought to pay by the true intent and meaning of this Act, and the said Offences or any of them shall be proved by oath of two Witnesses before any three or more of the said Commissioners who shall have power by this Act to administer the said Oath, shall by the said Commissioners or any three or more of them be committed to the common goale of the same County (except they be Peeres of the Realme) there to remaine till he or she shall be thence delivered by the Justices of Assize, or Justices of the Peace at the Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden for the same County wherein any such offence shall be comitted.

And Be it further enacted that all and every the summes to be collected and raised by and according to the

tenor of this Act shall be paid and issued out by the [Treasurerers*] in this Act named or any two or more of them

respectively to the use and uses in this present Act mentioned and noe other* as by order of the Lords and Commons, or of such persons as they shall authorize therunto shall be appointed and directed and not otherwise, and that all and every the said person and persons who are to be charged or chargable with the receipt of any the said summes in this Act mentioned, which shall willfully [negclet,J] or make default in the collecting lea vying or paying of the severall summes by them or any of them respectively to be received or paid, or in execution of their severall dutyes [according to the tenor4] and true meaning of this Act shall be accomptable for the same to the Parliament, and shall be lyable to such punishment as shall bee thought fitt by the Parliament to be inflicted.

And It is further enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid that if any person or persons of what degree ranke or quality soever inhabiting or residing within the Citty of London, or within fifteene Miles distant from the said Citty shall before the time limitted by this Act pay unto Sir Richard Browne Baronet, Sir John Langham Baronet Sir William Wheeler Knight Sir William Vincent Knight Thomas Rich Esquire and the Chamberlaine of the Citty of London for the time being, (who are hereby constituted and appointed Treasurers for the receiving and

issueing of all & singuler the summes of money by this Act intended to be raised) or unto any two of them, and

shall receive from the said Treasurers or any two of them a Certificate or acquittance acknowledging the receipt of such summes, the said partyes severally shall thereby be discharged of for or concerning the said summes and all such payments shall be taken as an acceptable service to his Majestye and the Kingdome

And it is further enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid that if any person or persons shall lend the summe of one hundred pounds or any greater summe to and for the use and purposes in this present Act mentioned and declared such person shall doe very good and acceptable service to the Kingdome

And bee it further enacted that any person [ or persons4] that shall soe lend and advance such summe or summes of money as aforesaid for this present occasion and shall before the first day of August one thousand six hundred and sixty ensueing pay and deliver the same to such person or persons as are authorized by this present Act to receive the moneyes charged hereby upon the respective Inhabitants of the Citty of London shall be secured by this Act for the repayment of the said moneyes at such time and place as by the lenders of the said moneyes shall be required and agreed upon, and alsoe of the interest and dammage sustained by the forbearance thereof after the rate of six pounds per cent for a yeare and untill such time as they shall respectively have received againe the said summes soe lent and advanced,

And be it further enacted that the said Sir Richard Browne Sir John Langham Sir William Wheeler Sir William Vincent Thomas Rich and the Chamberlaine of London shall and may satisfie pay and deliver unto such person or persons respectively out of the said moneyes soe to be received by them such respective summe and summes of money as shall be soe lent by him or them for the purposes aforesaid together with such other and further summe and summes of money as the interest of, and for the said summe and summes of money respectively shall amount unto after the rate of six pounds per cen? for a yeare from the day and time that the same was advanced as aforesaid, untill they shall respectively have received the said summe or summes soe advanced,

And it is hereby [further4] enacted that the acquittance or acquittances from the persons before apointed for the receipt of these moneyes to the uses and purposes in this present Act expressed or of any three of diem shall be a sufficient discharge to the Treasurers in this Act named for soe much money together with interest for the same as shall be comprehended in such acquittance or acquittances for the issueing out, and payment of the said summe and summes of money respectively,

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 9, 10.

225

BS

And Bee it further exuded, that there shall be allowed and paid by the Comissioners aforesaid unto the respective Collectors of every parish the summe of one penny in the pound for all such summes of money as they shall collect and pay in according to this Act, and the said Commissioners shall likewise allow and pay out of the moneyes soe collected and paid in one penny in the pound unto their Clerks and others imployed by them in this service.

And Bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid that the severall Treasurers in this Act named shall allow and pay unto the respective Sheriffs of the severall Countyes residing fifty miles distant from the Citty of London or upwardf two pence in the pound, and to such respective Sheriffes as shall reside within that distance from the said Citty of London one penny in the pound for all such summes of money as the said Sheriffes shall pay in respectively unto die Treasurers in this Act named, and the said Treasurers in this Act named are hereby further authorized to have and take unto themselves one penny in the pound out of the moneys soe paid in unto them by vertue of this Act to be distributed unto such person or persons as shall be imployed by them in receiving and issueing of the money in and by this Act granted in such manner and proportions as they shall thinke fitt.

Provided alwayes And be it hereby declared and enacted that the severall rates taxed upon the Lords shall be received by a Collector to be nominated by the Peers, which Collector soe appointed by the Peeres shall pay over the said summes to the Treasurers in this Act named to be disposed of to such uses and purposes as by this Act is appointed.

Provided likewise that noe person or persons of what degree or quality soever shall be doubly charged by this Act but that every person shall pay the greatest proportion he or she is charged withall by this Act.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritye aforesaid that all and every the summe and summes of money to be leavyed and raised by vertue of this present Act shall (by the Treasurers in and by this Act appointed) be imployed and disposed for and towards the paying of the arreares disbanding and discharging the respective forces of this kingdome by Land and Sea who were in pay the tenth day of June One thousand six hundred and sixty, and to noe other use or purpose whatsoever, and that an accompt of all the said moneyes shall be given by the said Treasurers to this or the next oi any other succeeding Parliament, or to such person or persons as shall by this or any other succeeding parliament be thereunto appointed.

[Provided that if any of the Peeres be assessed higher then according to his or their ranke or degree perdcularly expressed in this Act, they shall be assessed by George Duke of Albemarle John Marquesse of Winchester Henry Marquesse of Dorchester Algemoone Earle of Northumberland William Lord Paget Philip Lord Wharton John Lord Hunsden and Henry Lord Arundell or any five of them.1 ]

XIII. Allowance to Collectors,

id. io the pound. Allowance to Commissioners* Clerks, id. in the pound.

XIV. Treasurer* to pay to Sheriffs residing 50 Miles or upwards from London ad. in the Pound, ami within that Distance id. Allowance to Treasurers of

id. in the Pound.

XV.

Rates upon Peers t*» be received by a Collector nominated by them, who is to

pay the same to the Treasurers.

XVI.

No Double Charge allowed.

XVII.

Rates received to be employed in paying Arrears, Ac. to the Army and Navy in Pfcy on the 10th June 1660. Account of Rates received to be given to Parliament.

XVIII. Persons assessed higher than their Rank to be asaessed by Persons herein named.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for supplying and explaining certaine defects in an Act endtuled An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of this kingdome both by Land and Sea.

FOR the supplying and explaining of certaine defects in an Act of this present Parliament (endtuled An Act for speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of this kingdome both by Land and Sea) It is hereby enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majesty and by and with the consent and advice of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That every Householder being Master or Mistris of a family shall within two dayes after demand made by any Assesser or other Officer therunto appointed deliver unto such Assessor or Officer of every parish towne or place wherin such Householder being Master or Mistresse shall dwell a true and perfect list of all persons above the age of sixteene yeares as shall be inhabiting or residing in their respective families together with the names sur-names degrees and qualities of such persons and if any such Master or Mistris shall make default of such delivery being therof convicted before any two of the Commissioners in the said Act named, he or she shall forfeit the summe of five pounds to the uses in this Act expressed and for every person ommitted out of such list as aforesaid the summe of ten shillings, the one moyety of such forfeiture to be imployed to the Informer, the other moyety to the uses in the said Act expressed, which forfeitures shall be leavyed by distresse and sale of the offenders goods rendering the overplus to the Owner.

And Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the Commissioners of the severall and respective Countyes Cityes and Places in the said Act mentioned shall at or before the twentyeth day of October next returae into the Court of Exchequer true and perfect duplicates of all summes of money taxed rated and assessed by vertue of the said Act together with the names of the respective Collectors appointed for receiving of the same.

And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the Commissioners in the said Act named and appointed for taxing and assessing of all and every person within the Citty of London and Liberties thereof and the County of Midlesex shall (after the receipt of all and every summe and summes of money paid unto them by the severall Collectors within the said County Citty and Liberties) immediately pay over the same unto the Treasurers in and by the said Act appointed (and not unto the Sheriffes of the said Citty) whose acquittance or acquittances shall be from time to time a sufficient discharge in that behalfe,

r annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Rot. Parl. itC.lt. p. t. 1w. I.

c. 9. ante.

Householders, within Two Days after Demand, to deliver to Assessor, Ac. List of all Persons above 16 residing in their Families.

Penalty and for every Person omitted lot.

II.

Commissioners before aoth Od. next to return into Exchequer Duplicates of Rates and Names of Collectors.

nr.

Commissioners for London and Middlesex to pay Monies received by them to the Treasurers appointed by the said Act, whose Acquittance shall be a Discharge.

3m

12° Car. II. c. 10,11.

A.D. 1660.

IV.

The id. in the Pound allowed

by the said Act to be taken by the Treaiurun at well in Discharge of incident Charges as for rewarding Persons employed by them.

V.

Persons having Estates in one or more Counties, and paying in one for his greatest Proportion in the several Counties, in what case discharged in all the other Counties.

VI.

Commissioners to issue out Warrants under Hand and Seal to Officers to distrain on Tenants for Default of Landlords.

Officers to distrain accordingly.

VII. Stewards, &c. of Peers to deliver Lists of the Families of Peers.

And whereas the Treasurers in the said Act named are authorized thereby to take unto themselves one penny in die pound out of such moneyes paid in by vertue of the said Act to be distributed unto such person or persons as they shall imploy in receiving and issueing of the said moneyes in such manner and proportion as they M thinke fitt, It is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that the said one penny in the pound shall be taken by the said Treasurers as well in discharge of all incident charges as the said Treasurers shall be putt unto for carrying on the said service as for rewarding such persons as they shall thinke fitt to imploy in and about the service aforesaid in such manner and proportion as the said Treasurers shall thinke fitt,

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that if any person have an estate in one or more Counties and shall pay in any one County or place what he shall or can be charged withall as his greatest proportion for his degree or whole estate in the severall Counties and places (if the same shall exceed his degree, and produceing an acquittance or certificate thereof, the Commissioners in the said Act named are hereby authorised and required to discharge such person in all other Countyes and places where he shall happen to be taxed and assessed,

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that the said Commissioners or any three of them are hereby required and impowered to issue out their warrant or warrants under their hands and seales or under the hands and seales of any three of them to the Constables Pettie Constables or other his Majesties Officers Ministers or other persons inhabiting within the severall County es Cittyes Townes and places respectively requireing them or any of them to distraine the goods and chattells of all and every person and persons and every tennant and tennants for and on the behalfe of his her or their respective Landlord, who shall refuse or negcled to pay the respe&hre summes charged upon him her or them by vertue of the aforesaid Act, And the said Constables Petty Constables and other his Majesties said Officers and Ministers and other persons inhabiting as aforesaid are hereby required to make such distresse accordingly

[Provided alwayes That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Peere or Peeres of this Realme, but that the Steward of any of the Peeres or some other servant of the said Peeres shall deliver in the lists of their families to such as are appointed by this Act, and that noe Peere or Peeres shall be assessed otherwise then as in the said recited Act.1]

CHAPTER XL

Rot. Parl. 12 C- II. p. 2. mu. 2.

The Causes and Ends of this Pardon and Indemnity.

The general Pardon.

Treasons and other Offences mentioned since xst Jan. 1637.

An Act of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion.

TIE Kings most Excellent Majesty taking into His Gratious and Serious consideration the long and great Troubles Discordf and Warrs that have for many Yeares past beene in this Kingdome, And that diverse of His Subjects are by occasion thereof and otherwise falne into, and be obnoxious to great paines and penaltyes, Out of a hearty and pious Desire to put an end to all Suites and Controversies that by occasion of the late Distradions have arisen and may arise betweene all His Subjects, And to the intent that noe Crime whatsoever committed against His Majesty or His Royall Father shall hereafter rise in Judgement or be brought in Question against any of them to the least endamagement of them either in their Lives Libertyes Estates or to the prejudice of their Reputations by any Reproach or Terme of Distindion, And to bury all Seeds of future Discordf and remembrance of the former as well in His owne Breast as in the Breasts of His Subjects one towards another And in performance of His Royall and Gratious Word signified by His Letters to the severall Houses of Parliament now assembled, and His Declarations in that behalfe published Is pleased that it may be Enacted, And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled First That all and all manner of Treasons, Misprisions of Treason, Murthers Felonies Offences Crimes Contempts and Misdemeanors Counceled Commanded Acted or done since the first day of January in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred thirty seaven by any person or persons before the [twenty fourth1] day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty other then the persons hereafter by name excepted, in such manner as they are hereafter excepted by vertue or colour of any Command Power

Authoritie Commission Warrant or Instructions from his late Majesty King Charles or his Majesty that now isf

or from any other person or persons deriving or pretending to derive authority mediately or immediately from both or either of their Majestyes, or by vertue or colour of any Authority derived [mediately or immediately3] of or from both Houses or either House of Parliament or of or from any Convention or Assembly called or reputed, or taking on them the name of a Parliament, Or by from or under any Authority stiled or knowne by the Name of The Keepers of the Liberty of England by Authority of Parliament, Or by vertue or colour of any Writ, Commission Letters Patents Instruction or Instructions of or from any person or persons Tituled reputed or taken to be Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions therunto belonging, or Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions and Territories therto belonging, or assumeing the authority or reputed to be Cheife Magistrate of the Commonwealth, or Commander in cheife of the Forces or Armies of this Nation by Sea or Land or by any pretence Warrant or Command whatsoever from them, or any of them, or their or either of their respective Councills or Councill, or any Member of such

Councill or Councills, or from any person or persons whatsoever deriving or pretending to derive Authority from

them or any of them be Pardoned Released Indempnified Discharged and put in utter Oblivion.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. II.

227

And that all atod every the person and persons Acting Advising Assisting Abetting and Counceling the same they their Heim Executers and Administrators (except as before is excepted) be and are hereby pardoned Released Acquitted Indempnified and discharged from the same, And of and from all paines of death and other paines. Judgements Indiftments Con visions Attainders Outlawries Penalty es Escheats and Forfeitures therefore had or given or that might accrew for the same, And that all such Judgements Indiftments Convictions Attainders Outlawries Penahyes Escheats and Forfeitures and every of them, and all Grants therupon made, and all Estates derived under the same be and are hereby Declared and Enacted to be from henceforth null and void, And that all measne profits not yet received by such Grantees shall be and are here hereby discharged: And that all and

every Person and Persons fiodyes Politique and Corporate their and every of their Heires Executors Administrators and Successors shall be, and are hereby restored to all [& everyl] their Lands Tenements and Hereditaments Goods Chattels and other things forfeited, which to his Majesty doe or shall appertaine by reason of any offence herein before mentioned, and not hereafter in this present Act excepted and Foreprised,

And be it further Enacted That all appeales [and all1] personall Actions Suites Molestations and Prosecutions whatsoever for or by reason of any Act of Hostility Trespasse Assault Imprisonment or breach of the Peace Advised Councelled Commanded Appointed Happened Acted or done by reason of the late Troubles or the late Warrs in his Majestyes Dominions or relating therunto, and all Judgements and Executions therupon had before the first day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred fifty & eight stand and be from henceforth discharged; But not to restore to any Person or Persons any summes of money, meane Proffitts or Goods already received or taken upon such Execution, or to give any [accompt1] for the same.

And be it likewise Enacted That all Appeales and all Personall Actions and cause of such Actions Suites Molestations and Prosecutions whatsoever for or by reason of any Act or thing Advised Counceled Commanded Acted or done by vertue or colour of any Authority or Commission granted by his late Majesty or his Majestie that now is, or by vertue or colour of any Order or Ordinance of one or both Houses of Parliament siting at Westminster, Or by any Act or Order made by any Persons assumeing the name of a Parliament, and siting as a Parliament at Westminster after the death of the late King Charles the First, Or by the Authority of the said Keepers of the Libertyes of England, Or by any Ordinance of either of the late Protestors and Councill, Or by or upon any Commission Writt Processe or Warrant by them or any of them, or by Authority derived from them or any of them, And all demands of Arrearages of Rents and meane Profits of Lands Tenements or Hereditaments heretofore incurred or growne due, which have beene paid received or disposed by vertue or colour of any the Authorities or pretended Authorityes aforesaid, other then such Arrearages or meane profits as are or shall be otherwise disposed by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament be from henceforth dbcharged.

And it is further by the Authority aforesaid Enacted in the second place That all and every the Subjects of these his Majestyes Realmes of England and Ireland the Dominion of Wales the Isles of Jersey and Gamsey and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweed and other his Majestyes Dominions the Heires Executors and Administrators of them and every of them, and all and singular Bodyes in any manner of wise corporated Citties Burroughs Shires Ridings Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wappentakes Townes Villages Hamlets and Tythings and every of them and the [Successors and SuccessorJ ] of every of them shall be and are by the authority of this present Parliament Acquitted Pardoned Released Indempnified and Discharged against the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors and every of them of and from all manner of Treasons Misprisions of Treason, Felonies [Offences'] Contempts Trespasses Entryes Wrongs Deceits Misdemeanours Forfeitures Penaltyes and summs of Money Intrusions Meane profits Wardships Mariages Reliefes Liveries Ouster le maines Meane Rates Respits of Homage Fines and Seisures for Alienation without Licence Arrearages of Rents (other then the Arrearages of Rents due from the late Farmers or pretended Farmers of the Excise or Customes respectively, and other then such Arrearages of Rents or meane Profits as are or shall be otherwise disposed by any Act or Acts of this present Parliament) and of and from all Arrearages of Tenths and First fruites Fines post-fines Issues and Amercements and all Recognizances Bonds or other Securities given for payment of them or any of them. Concealments of Customes and Excise Arrearages of purveyance and of compositions for the same and of and from all paines of Death paines corporall and pecuniary and generally of and from all other Things Causes Quarels Suites Judgements and Executions in this present Act hereafter not Excepted nor Foreprised which may be or can be by his Majesty in any wise or by any meanes pardoned before and unto the [twenty fourth4] day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty to every or any of his said Subjects Bodyes corporate Cittyes Burroughes Shires Ridings Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages and Tythings or any of them,

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Grants and Patents since the [twenty fifth5] of March One thousand six hundred forty one touching the Wardship and custody of the Body and Lands, or touching the manage of any Heire within age and all meane profits yet unreceived and demandable by reason therof shall be and are hereby from henceforth Discharged.

And akoe the Kings Majesty is contented That it be further Enacted by authority of this present Parliament And be it Enacted by the authority aforesaid that this His said Free pardon Indempnity and Oblivion shall be as good and effectuall in the Law to every of his said Subjects Bodyes Corporate and others before rehearsed in for and against

1 interlined on the Rod. • ac£6n O. 1 Successor and Successors 0. 4 Fower and twentieth 0. * Fire and twentieth O.

II.

Abettors of such Treasons and other Crimes pardoned.

and restored to their Lands.

III.

Ad Appeals, Personal A&iona, and Suits, Sec. by reason of any Trespass, Ac. pardooed.

VI.

The like by reason of any Commission by the late or present King, or by Colour of any Ordinance of one or both Houses of Parliament, or the late Protector, &c.

V.

Pardon of ad Treasons, &c.

(Except Arrears of Customs, Sec. doe from Farmers.) Tenths, First Fruits, &c.

Pains of Death, Sec.

before and unto 24th June 1660.

VI. Grants of Wardships since ayth M^rch 1641 discharged.

VII.

All things not excepted shall be pardoned by

12° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1660.

general words, as u particularly

Proviso for Exceptions.

VIII.

This Pardon, &c. to be expounded in all Courts most beneficially for the Subject.

IX.

Officer, &c. of the Court of Chancery, &c. Sheriff, &c. issuing Process against or goJhg about to disquiet or trouble any Person pardoned;

Penalty;

and such Process void.

X.

Exceptions of Murder not comprized in the First Clause. Piracy.

Buggery.

Rapes, and wilful taking away any Maid, &c.

Bigamy.

I Jac. I. c. ix. Witchcraft.

Accounts of certain Treasurers and Receivers.

all things which be not hereafter in this present Act Excepted and Foreprized as the same Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion should have beene if all Offences Contempts Forfeitures Causes Matters Suites Quarrels Judgements Executions Penaltyes and all other things not hereafter in this present Act Excepted and Foreprized had beene perticularly singularly especially and plainely named rehearsed and specified and alsoe pardoned by proper and expresse Words and Names in their Kindes Natures and Qualityes by Words and Termes thereunto requisite to have beene putt in and expressed in this present Act of free Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion, And that His said Subjects nor any of them nor the Heires Executors or Administrators of any of them, nor the said Bodyes Corporate and others before named and rehearsed nor any of them be nor shall be sued Vexed [ nor' ] Inquieted by or on the behalfe of the Kings Majesty His Heires or Successors in their Bodyes Goods Chattels Lands or Tenements for any manner of Matter Cause Contempt Misdemeanour Forfeiture Trespasse Offence or any other thing suffered done or committed before the said [twenty fourth *] day of June One thousand six hundred and sixty against his late Majesty King Charles, or his Majesty that now is His Crowne Dignity Prerogative Lawes or Statutes, but onely for such Matters Causes and Offences as be Excepted and Foreprized by this present Act out of the same Any Statute or Statutes Laws Customes or Usages heretofore had made or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, And that all and every the Kings said Subjects, and all and singular Bodyes Corporate and others before rehearsed may by him or themselves or by his or their Deputy or Deputyes or by his or their Attoumey or Attoumeys according to the Lawes of this Realme plead and minister this present Act of Free Pardon for his or their Discharge of or for any thing that is by vertue of this present AS Pardoned Discharged Given or Granted without any Fee, or other thing paying to any person or persons for writing or entry of the Judgements or other cause concerning such Plea Writing or Entry, but onely sixteene pence to be paid to the Officer or Clarke that shall enter such Plea Matter or Judgement for the Partyes Discharge in that behalfe Any Law Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

And furthermore the Kings Majestye is contented and pleased that it be Enacted And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That this his said Free Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion by the generall Words Clauses and Sentences before rehearsed shall be reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken in all manner of Courts of his Highnesse and elsewhere most beneffciall and available to all and singular the said Subjects bodyes corporate and others before rehearsed and to every of them in all things not in this present Act excepted or foreprized without any ambiguity question or other delay whatsoever it shall be, to be made pleaded objected or alleadged by the King our Soveraigne Lord his Heires or Successors or by his or any of their generall Attoumey or Attoumeys or by any person or persons for his Highnes or any of His Heires or Successors.

And furthermore be it enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lord and by the Authority aforesaid That if any Officer or Clerke of any of his Highnes Courts commonly called The Chauncery Kings bench and Common pleas or of his Exchequer or any other Officer or Clerke of any other of his Highnesse Courts within this Realme at any time after the passing of this present Act make out or write out any manner of Writts Processe Summons or other Precepts whereby any of the said Subjects or any of the said Bodyes corporated or others before rehearsed or any of them shall be in any wise arreasied attached distrained summoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or grieved in his or their Bodyes, Lands Tenements Goods or Chattels or in any of them for or because of any manner of thing pardoned or discharged by vertue of this Act of Free Pardon, Or if any Sheriffe or Escheater or any of their Deputy or Deputyes, or any Bailiffe or other Officer whatsoever by colour of his or their Office or otherwise after the passing of this [present3] Ad doe levy receive take or withhold of or from any person or persons any thing pardoned or discharged by this Act, That then every such person soe offending, and therof lawfully convicted or condemned by any sufficient testimony witnesse or proofe, shall yeild and pay for recompence therof to the party soe grieved or offended thereby his or their treble dammages besides all costs of the Suite, and shall alsoe forfeit and loose to the Kings Majesty for every such default ten pounds. And neverthelesse all and singular such Writts Processe and Precepts soe to be made for or upon any manner of thing pardoned or discharged by this present Act of Free Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion shall be utterly void and of none effect.

Except and alwayes foreprized out of this Free and Generall Pardon all murders done or committed by any person or persons other then such which are pardoned and discharged in the first clause of pardon abovementioned. And alsoe excepted and alwayes foreprized out of this Generall and Free Pardon all and every offences of Piracy and Robery done upon the Seas not done in relation to the Differences and Warrs aforesaid, and every procureing or abetting of any such Offenders, and the comforting and receiving of them or any of them or any goods taken by way of such Piracy or Robery upon the Seas as aforesaid, And alsoe excepted the detestable and abominable Vice of Buggery commited with Mankind or Beast, And alsoe excepted all Rapes and carnall Ravishments of Women, And alsoe excepted all Ravishments, and wilfull taking away or marrying of any Maid Widow or Damzell against her will, or without the assent or agreement of her Parents or of such as then had her in custody, and alsoe all Offences of aiding comforting procureing or abeting of any such Ravishment willfull takeing or marrying had committed or done, And alsoe excepted all Offences made Felony by a certaine AS made and ordained intituled An Act to restraine all persons from [Mariages4] untill their former Wives and former Husbands be dead. And alsoe excepted all Offences of Invocations Conjurations Witchcrafts Sorceries Inchantments and Charmes and all Offences of procuring abeting or comforting of the same, and all persons now attainted or convicted of any the said excepted Offences, And alsoe excepted all and singular the accompts of all and every person and persons appointed by any of the Authorityes or pretended Authorityes aforesaid to be Treasurer Receiver Farmer or Collector (other

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c.ll.

229

then the SubcolleSors of the severall Parishes Townes and Hamlets respectively for and concerning their Receipts before the foure and twentyeth day of June in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty nine) who have received or collected any Subsidy Custome Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage Prize-Goods Assesment Sequestration New Impost or Excise or of any the Rents and Revenewes of any Lands or Hereditaments of or belonging to the late King Queene or Prince or King that now is, or belonging [to1] the late Archbishopricks Bishopricks Deanes or Deanes and Chapters Canons Prebendf and other Officers belonging to any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church, or Popish Recusants convict or of persons Sequestred for their Recusancy or other Sequestred Estates received or collected by or paid unto them since the thirtyeth of January in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty two, and of all Moneyes and other dutyes growne due or contracted upon the Sale or Disposition of them or any of them.

Provided that the Heires Executors Administrators or Tertennants of the Lands of any Accomptant within this Exception now deceised shall not be charged with nor lyeable unto any accompt for the matters in this Exception mentioned. Except for such summe or summes of money as remaine due upon any of their accompts already Stated and Determined and are not yet paid in, and that noe Accomptant as aforesaid now liveing shall be lyeable to make accompt of any summe or summes of money paid or disbursed or otherwise allowed or discharged by vertue or colour of any Order or Ordinance of both or either House or Houses of Parliament, or any Convention or Assembly called or Reputed or takeing on them the name of a Parliament, or of Oliver Cromwell pretended ProteClor or of Richard his Sonne while he continued or was stiled or obeyed as Protector, or by any persons acting as a Committee appointed by the said two Houses or either of them, or by any such Convention or Assembly or any Order or Direction of such Committee or Committees or any person or persons acting as a publique Councell, though haveing noe legall authority soe to doe, or by their or any their Order or Orders or Direction.

It being further declared and Enacted, and is Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe person nor persons shall be charged for any Moneyes by him received for the Fees Salaries and Wages then allowed, or for Moneyes by him disbursed upon any publique use or pretence though the Direction or Authority whereby the same Money was issued was not or be not Legall and Warrantable in Law.

And be it further provided That noe Military or Commissioned Officer of the Armies or Navies or Souldier or Mariner who before the twenty fifth of March one thousand six hundred fifty nine hath received any Moneyes for his owne pay or the pay of other Soldiers, or for any other Contingencies of the Soldiers or Garisons under his command, or by way of reward shall be called to accompt therefore.

And that noe person whatsoever shall be called to [an1] accompt for any the matters in this Exception mentioned after the sower and twenty eth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred sixty and two now next ensueing, And that in case any person who stands accomptable for any Moneyes received since the first of January One thousand six hundred forty (3) two, and before the thirtyeth of January One thousand ax hundred forty (s) eight have beene robbed or plundered by Souldiers or others of the moneyes in their hands, or of any Notes, or Bookes of Receipts or Acquittances touching their ‘payments or discharge, then the Oath or Oathes of such party or partyes of the same respectively shall be a good discharge for soe much of their accompt, And that the Oath of every Accomptant in or betweene the yeares One thousand six hundred. forty two and One thousand six hundred forty eight of what they have paid to any publique use by or according to any publique or pretended Order or Authority whatsoever shall be a good discharge as to soe much of the accompt of such person or persons, And except all First fruites and Tenthes in the hands of any Receiver not having disbursed as in the last Exception k expressed.

Provided That all and every Judgement of Discharge or Quietus est had or given at any time upon any accompt in the publique Exchequer since the yeare One thousand six hundred forty eight be allowed and shall not be avoided except all accompts of the [Revenewes4] of Churches and Viccaridges in Wales and the County of Monmouth and all Judgements of Discharge or quietus therupon obtained And alsoe excepted out of .this pardon all offences of Bribery Peijuries and the Subornation of Perjury [of5] Witnesses and offences of forging or counterfeiting any Deeds Debentures Bills of publique Faith, Escripts Wills or other Writings whatsoever or of any Examinations or Testimonies of any witnesse or witnesses tending to bring any person or persons in danger of his Life Liberty or Estate and the giving the same in evidence and the councelling pr procuring of any such counterfeiting or forgeing to be had or made.

And alsoe excepted all offences in detaining imbezeling or purloyning any the Goods Money [Chattels6] or Jewells of the late King Queene or Prince or any of the children of the late King and Queene other then Shipping Stores and Ammunitions ofWarr and other then such Goods and Chattels as have beene sold or disposed of to 4my of the Servants or Creditors of his late Majesty in or towards satisfaction of their debts or wages.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all Issues Fines and Amerceaments Rents and other publique Dutyes being leavied received or collected by any Shiriffe Undersheriffe Bailiffe Minister or other Officer to or for the use of the late King the Parliament or the said Keepers of the Liberty of England, or any other person stiling himselfe Protector or for his Majesty that now is, and not accompted for and discharged.

XI.

The' Heirs and Lands of Accountants excepted.

Proviso for Accountants in respect of Monies disbursed by them by virtue Ot iny Order, 6cc. of Parliament, or the late Protector.

XII.

Fees and Salaries, &c. not to be accounted for.

XIII. Military or Naval Payments not to be accounted for.

XIV.

No Persons to be called to an account for Matter mentioned in this Exception after the 34th June 1662.

Proviso for Persons who have received Monies since 1 st Jan. 1642, and before 30th Jan. 1648, taking Oath as herein mentioned.

XV. Discharges given in the Exchequer not to be avoided, except Accounts of the Revenues of Churches in Wales, Bribery,

Perjury, Sulk/rnation, Forging Writings or Examinations of Witnesses.

XVI. Exception of Persons embezzling the Goods of the late King, Queen, Prince, Arc.

XVII. Exception of Fines, Amerciaments, arc. received by Sheriffs, &c.

3N

290

12° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1660.

XVIII. Exception of Jesuits and Romish Priests, *7 Eliz. c. a.

XIX. Proviso for Issue of Writs of Capias Utlagatum; and for any Party outlawed suing out Scire* facias against the Plaintiff.

XX. Exception of Persons outlawed upon Capias ad satisfaciendum, &c.

XXI. Exception of Informations and Proceedings concerning High Ways, Bridges, &c. Recognizances by Receivers, See. in the Exchequer.

XXII. Exception of Obligations, &c. not yet forfeited.

XXIII.

Pardon extended to all Acts of Hostility, Injuries, &c. between the King and liis Parliament.

No mention thereof in Judicial Proceedings.

XXIV.

Persons, within Three Years, using any words tending to revive the Memory of the late Differences j if a Gentleman, or above.

Penalty j£io; if under that Degree,

Penalty 40s.

XXV. Exception of Persons plotting or designing the Irish Rebellion,

16 Car. 1. c. 33.

Proviso for Marquis of Ormond and others.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all and every offence and offences committed or done by any Jesuit Seminary or Romish Priest whatsoever contrary to the tenor or effect of the Statute made in the Seaven and twentyeth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth intituled An Act against Jesuits Seminaries Priests and other disobedient persons or of any part therof and all outlawries proceedings judgements and executions for the name offences or any of them.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for all and every Clerke and other Officer of the Courts at Westminster to award and make Writs of Capias Utlagatum at the suite of the party plaintiffe against such persons outlawed as be pardoned by this Act to the intent to compell the defendent or defendents to make answere to the plaintiffe or plaindfies at whose Suite he or they were outlawed, and that every person soe outlawed shall sue [out'] a Writt of Scire facias [againt1] the party or partyes at whose suite he or they were soe outlawed before this pardon in that behalfe shall be allowed [to1] him or them soe outlawed.

Provided and be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That this Act of generall pardon shall not in any wise extend to pardon any Outlawries upon any Writt of Capias ad satisfaciendum untill such time as the party soe outlawed shall satisfie or otherwise agree with the party at whose suite the same person was soe oulawed or condemned.

And alsoe excepted out of this pardon all informations and other proceedings depending concerning any common Highwayes or Bridges and all issues returned upon any processe concerning the same since the thirtyeth of January One thousand six hundred forty eight, Except alsoe all Recognizances Obligations and other Securityes given or entred into since the five and twentyeth of March One thousand six hundred and forty by any Receiver Reeve Bailiffe Collector or other accountant in the Court of the publique Exchequer and their suretyes and their accounts respectively

Provided alwayes and be it Enacted that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to pardon or discharge any Recognizance Obligation or Bond which is not yet forfeited.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid that all acts of Hostility and Injuries whether betweene the late King and the Lords and Commons then in Parliament assembled, or betweene any of the people of this Nation which did arise upon any action attempt assistance councell or advice haveing relation unto, or falling out by reason of the late troubles or in the late warrs [and4] publique differences betweene the late King and Parliament or betweene His now Majesty or any of his Subjects, and which are not in this Act excepted That the same and whatsoever hath ensued therupon whether trenching upon the Lawes and Liberties of this Nation or upon the Honour of His Majesty or upon the Honour or Authority of the Parliament or to the prejudice of any perticular or private person shall in noe time from and after the foure and twentyeth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty be called in question whatsoever be the quality of the person, or of whatsoever kinde or degre dvill or criminal 1 the Injury is supposed to be, And that noe mention be made therof in time to come in Judgement or Judi&all proceedings.

And to the intent and purpose that all names and termes of distin&ion may [likewise bes] putt into utter Oblivion Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons within the space of three yeares next ensueing shall presume malitiously to call or alledge of, or object against any other person or persons any name or names, or other words of reproach any way tending to revive the memory of the late Differences or the occasions thereof. That then every such person soe as aforesaid offending shall forfeit and pay unto the party grieved in case such party offending shall be of the degree of a Gentleman or above ten pounds, and if under that degree the summe of forty shillings to be recovered by the party grieved by Action of Debt to be therefore brought in any of His Majesty es Courts of Record [where6] noe Essoigne Protection or wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more then one Imparlance soe as the same Action be commenced or prosecuted within six monthes [next3] after the Offence committed, And if the Jury swome to try any Issue or Issues that shall be joyned in such Action shall finde for

the plaintiffe they shall likewise give to every such plaintiffe forty shillings damages over and above the penalty

aforesaid.

Provided alwayes that this Act or any thing therin contained shall not extend or give any benefit unto any

person or persons who have had any hand in the plodng contriving or designing the great and heinous Rebellion

of Ireland mentioned in one Act passed in the Parliament begun at Westminster the third day of November in the sixteenth yeare of King Charles intituled An Act for the speedy and effectuall reduceing of the Rebells in His Majestyes Kingdome of Ireland to their due obeidience to His Majesty and Crowne of England Or in aiding assisting or abeting the same, [(Other then such as by another Act intended hereafter to be passed shall be therin named mentioned or expressed to be pardoned)7] nor to enure to restore to any person or persons bodyes politique or corporate (other then the Marquesse of Ormond Lord Steward of his Majestyes Household and other the Protestants of Ireland [and their Heires and such other person and persons as in and by an Act intended [to be3] hereafter passed shall be therin named mentioned or expressed in that behalfe7 ] any Estate Libertyes Franchises or Hereditaments in England or Ireland sold or disposed of by both or either Houses of Parliament, or any Convention assumeing the Stile or name of a Parliament, or any person or persons deriving authority from them or any of them, or which was approved or confirmed by them or any of them, nor to the meane profits rents or contingencies of advantage of the same.

1 0. omits.

* be likewise 0.

* against O. * interlined on the Roll. ♦ or O.

6 wherein 0. 7 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

JJ).1660.

12" Car. II. c. 11.

231

And it is further provided and enacted That every person or persons hereby pardoned may plead the generall XXVI.

Issue without special! pleading of this pardon, and give this A d of Pardon in evidence for his discharge, and that the

shall be therupon allowed and the advantage thereof had as folly to all intents and purposes as if the same general

had beene folly and well pleaded. And in such manner as any Justice of the peace Constable or other Officer questioned for matters acted by them as Officers or in execution of their Offices may have advantage of the matter of their Justification upon the generall Issue by them pleaded by the Lawes and Statutes of this Kingdome,

Provided alsoe That this A d nor any thing therin contained shall extend or be interpreted to extend to pardon any person or persons whatsoever for any Theft or Stealing of any Goods or other Felonies since the fourth day of Thefts and Felonies Blanch in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred fifty and nine, Any thing in this Act contained to the ^4th March contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe that neither this Act nor any thing therin contained shall extend to acquit or discharge any person or persons from makeing restitution of all such Rents summes of Money Horses Cattle or other Goods which by a certaine Ad or pretended Ad lately made entituled An Act for repeale of two Acts for Sequestrations are required to be restored to those from whom they were taken. Nor shall this present Act be construed to disable or barr the respective owners or proprietors of and from their severall and respective Actions or Suites at Law or in equity, for or by reason of the said or any other Rents Moneyes Horses Catle or Goods which since the five and twentyeth day of July One thousand six hundred fifty and nine have beene by any person or persons wrongfully received or taken away, and for which the said wrong-doers are not in any wise Indempnified by the said [Ad,1] or any other Act of Repeale.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe person or persons who by vertue of any Order or Warrant mediately or immediately derived from his late Majesty or his Majesty that now is, or by vertue of any Ad Ordinance or Order of any or both Houses of Parliament, or any of the authorityes aforesaid, or any Committee or Committees acting under them or any of them have seised sequestred leavyed advanced or paid to any publique use or into any publique Treasury within this Kingdome any Goods Chattels Debts Rents summe or summes of Money belonging to any person or persons whatsoever shall hereafter be sued molested or drawne into question for the same, but that they and every of them shall be discharged against all persons for soe much and noe more of the said Goods Chattels Debts Rents summe or summes of money as their severall and respective orders of discharge or acquittances extend unto

XXVIII. Exception of Goods to be restored under an Act for Repeal of Two Acts for Sequestrations.

XXIX.

Ad extended to Persons in reaped of Goods, Stc. sequestrated and actually paid into any public Treasury by virtue, &c. of any Order of the late or present King or Parliament.

Provided alsoe That noe thing herein contained shall extend to discharge any person or persons who have XXX. beene by private order or instrudions imployed and intrusted or have undertaken the imployment to receive any R^venTo? summe or summes of money for the Kings Majestyes Service or Supply since the yeare one thousand six hundred forty and eight from making their accompts for the same.

for his Majesty's Supply, since 1648.

XXXI.

Provided alsoe that this Act shall not extend to pardon or discharge from account to the Kings Majesty any person or persons for any summe or summes of money received for that Illegall Tax of Decimation, or upon the ^tped

accompt of any Militia setled or acted in, since One thousand six hundred forty and eight, and not accompted °f Monies received for, or paid over or discharged to, or by any that had authority or pretended authority to discharge the respective i^madon. Receivers of the same.

Provided alsoe that if any person or persons being his Majestyes Mesniall Servant or Servants, or haveing or pretending to have received perdcular Instructions or Directions from his Majesty have dureing the time of such his or their relation [un*]to his Majesty, or whilst he or they were acting or pretending to act for His Majestyes Interest, in pursuance of the said Instructions or Directions wilfully malidously and traiterously held Intelligence with any forraigne Prince or Princes State or States or with any person [or psons*] usurping Supreame authority in this Kingdome or other his Majestyes Dominions or with their or either of their Ministers or Agents and without his Majestyes license and to the intent to betray his Majestyes person or Councells, or have received any summe or summes of money or pention for such Treachery, that then such person and persons as to the offence in this provisoe mentioned shall be and is hereby [accepted3] out of this Act, Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding soe as such person or persons be outlawed or [otherwise1] legally convicted of such offence or offences within the space of two yeares from the five and twenty eth day of Aprill one thousand six hundred and sixty.

XXXII. Exception of Persons that hare had Dtre&oos from His Majesty, and have traiterously held Intelligence with Foreign States, &c. or otherwise.

Limitation of Proceedings.

Provided that this Act of Generall Pardon or any thing therin contained shall not extend to the pardoning or XXXIII.

discharging of any Debts or Summes of money due to, or for the Excise of any Goods or Merchandize wherof JutjwofExcise

any Entryes have beene made in the Custome house which have growne due since the twenty fifth day of Biarch once 15th March

one thousand six hundred fifty and eight, or to the pardoning or discharging of any Debts or Summes of money of Debt" due

due to the Farmers, or pretended Farmers of Excise since the twenty fifth day of March one thousand six hundred to Excise since ^ 25th March 1657.

titty and seven.

Provided alsoe that this Act nor any thing therin contained shall extend to pardon discharge or give any XXXIV. other benefit whatsoever unto [John Lisle William Say Sir Hardresse Waller, Valentine Wauton Thomas Harrison wh^wen

Edward Whalley William Heveningham Isaac Penington Henry Martin John [Barstead4] Gilbert Millington Edmond ^cera^mthe Ludlow Sir Michael Livesey Robert Tichbome Owen Row Robert Lilburne Adrian Scroop John Okey John Charles 1°. *

12° Car. II. c. 11

AJ).1660.

and of the two Persons who appeared disguised upon the Scaffold.

XXXV.

The Execution of certain Persons that appeared and rendered themselves suspended.

XXXVI. Exception of Oliver Cromwell, &c. deceased.

XXXVII. Exception of the Lands and Goods of certain deceased Persons.

XXXVIII. Exception of certain Persons as to Penalties not extending to Life.

XXXIX.

The like Exception as to Sir Arthur Hasilrig.

XL.

Certain Persons made incapable of any Offices. Penalty on Francis Lassels of one Year’s Rent.

XII. Exception of Sir Henry Vane and John Lambert.

Hewson William Gosse Cornelius Holland Thomas Challoner John Carew John Jones Miles Corbet Henry Smith Gregory Clement Thomas Wogan Edmond Harvey Thomas Scot William Cawley John Downes Nicholas Love Vincent Potter Augustine Garland John Dixwell George Fleetwood Simon Meyne James Temple Peter Temple Daniel Blagrave Thomas Wait John Cooke Andrew Broughton Edward Dendy William Hewlet Hugh Peters Francis Hacker Daniel Axtell'] nor any of them, nor to those two persons [nor *] either of them who being disguised by Frocks and [VizardfJ] did appeare upon the Scaffeld erected before Whitehall upon the thirtyeth of January one thousand six hundred forty [and *f] eight. All which persons for their execrable Treason in sentencing to death, or signing the Instrument for the horrid Murder, or being instrumentall in taking away thepredous Life of our late Soveraigne Lord Charles the first of glorious memory are left to be proceeded against as Traitors to his late Majesty according to the Lawes of England and are out of this present Act wholly excepted and foreprized,

[But in regard the said Owen Row Augustine Garland Edmond Harvey Henry Smith Henry Martin Sir Hardresse Waller Robert Tichbome George Fleetwood James Temple Thomas Wait Simon Meyne William Heveningham Isaac Penington Peter Temple Robert Lilburne Gilbert Millington Vincent Potter Thomas Wogan and John Downes have personally appeared and rendered themselves (according to the Proclamation bearing Date the sixth day of June one thousand six hundred and sixty to Summon the persons therin named who gave Judgement and assisted in the said horrid and detestable murther of our said late Soveraigne to appeare and render themselves) and doe pretend thereby to some favour upon some conceived doubtfull words in the said Proclamation; Be it Enalted by this present Parliament and [the5] Authority of the same (upon the humble desires of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled) That if the said Owen Row Augustine Garland Edmond Harvey Henry Smith Henry Martin Sir Hardresse Waller Robert Tichbom George Fleetwood James Temple Thomas Wait Simon Main William Heveningham Isaac Penington Peter Temple Robert Lilburn, Gilbert Millington Vincent Potter Thomas Wogan and John Downes or any of them shall be legally attainted for the horrid Treason and Murther aforesaid, that then neverthelesse the Execution of the said person and persons soe attainted shall be suspended untill his Majesty by the advice and assent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament shall order the Execution by Act of Parliament to be passed for that purpose, ' ]

Except alsoe out of this present Act Oliver Cromwel deceased Henry Ireton deceased John Bradshaw deceased and Thomas Pride deceased,

Provided That noe thing in this Act contained shall extend to discharge the Lands Tenements Goods Chattels Rights Trusts and other the Hereditaments late of the said Oliver Cromwell Henry Ireton John Bradshaw and Thomas Pride, or of Isaac Ewer deceased Sir John Danvers deceased Sir Thomas Maleverer Baronet deceased, William Purefoy deceased John Blakiston deceased, Sir William Constable Baronet deceased Richard Dean deceased Francis Alleyn deceased Peregrine Pelham deceased John Moore deceased John Aldred ais Alured deceased Humphrey Edwardf deceased Sir Gregory Norton Baronet deceased John Venn deceased Thomas Andrewes Alderman deceased Anthony Staply deceased Thomas Horton deceased John Fry deceased Thomas Hamond deceased Sir John Bourchier deceased of and from such paines penaltyes and forfeitures as by one other Act of Parliament intended to be hereafter passed for that purpose shall be expressed and declared,

And alsoe except out of this present Act William Lord Mounson James Challoner Sir Henry Mildmay Sir James Harrington John Phelps and Robert Wallop All which persons did ad and sitt in that traiterous Assembly which in the moneth of January one thousand six hundred forty (6) eight acted and proceeded against the life of our late Soveraigne King Charles the first of blessed Memory and are therefore reserved to such paines penalties and forfeitures not extending to Life as by another Act intended to be passed for that purpose shall be imposed on them.

And alsoe except Sir Arthur Hasilrig for and in respect onely of such paines penaltyes and forfeitures not extending to Life as [by5] one Ad intended to be hereafter passed for that purpose shall be inflicted and imposed.

Provided alwayes that John Hutchinson Esquire and Francis Lassels shall be and are hereby made for ever incapable to execute any Place or Office of Trust Civill or Military within this Kingdome, And that the said Francis Lassels shall pay unto our Soveraigne Lord the King one full yeares value of his Estate, Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

[Provided alwayes that this Act or any thing therin contained shall not extend to the pardoning or to give any other benefit whatsoever unto Sir Henry Vane John Lambert or either of them, but that they and either of them are and shalbe out of this present Act wholly excepted and foreprized.

XLII. Certain Persons accepting any Office.

Penalty.

Provided that if William Lenthall William Burton Oliver Sl John, John Ireton Alderman Collonell William Sidenham Collonell John Desbrow John Blackwel of Moreclak Christopher Packe Alderman Richard Keeble Charles Fleetwood John Pyne Richard Deane Major Richard Creed Philip Nye Clerke John Goodwin Clerke, Sir Gilbert Pickering [Colloner7] Thomas Lister and Collonel Ralph Cobbet shall after the first day of September One thousand six hundred and sixty accept or exercise any Office Ecclesiastical Civil or Military or any other publique imployment within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede that then such person or persons as doe soe accept or execute as aforesaid shall to all intents and purposes in Law stand as if he or they had beene totally excepted by name in this Act.']

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. « or 0. 9 Vizors 0. 4 0. omits.

* interlined on the Roll. • and 0. 1 Colonel 0.

A.D.X660

12? Car.II. c. 11.

233

[Provided likewise That all those who since the fifth of December one thousand six hundred forty eight did XLlli.

L . Exception of

give sentence of death upon any person or persons in any of the late Illegal! and Tyrannicall High Courts of Person* that gtrc

Justice in England or Wales, or signed the Warrant for Execution of any person there condemned (except Collonel

[Richard1] Ingolsby and Collonel Mathew Thomlinson) shal be and are hereby made incapable of bearing any Office Court* of Justice

Ecclesiastical 1 Civill or Military within the Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales, or [as*] serving as a Member Inception.

in any Parliament after the first day of September one thousand six hundred and sixty,1]

XLIV.

Provided alsoe and it is Enacted That all and every the persons appointed Trustees in a late [pretend4] Act or Person* intrusted

Ordinance made in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty nine for & concerning Tithes appropriate, Ordinance 1649

_^ concerning 1 kiki

Oblations, Obvendons Pensions, Portions of Tithes appropriate Offerings Fee forme Rents issueing out of the Tithes accountable, therm mentioned. First fruites and other things and enacted or mentioned to be enacted to be vested setled adjudged or deemed to be in the actuall seizin or possession of such person and persons in the said pretended Act

or Ordinance mentioned and their heires shall accompt for and be responsable for all Rents and Profits of the

premisses which came to their hands and have not beene by the said Trustees or their order disbursed disposed or imployed for the maintenance of Ministers or other uses according to the said pretended Act or Ordinance or some other Act, Order or Ordinance made in the yeares [of our Lord'] one thousand six hundred & fifty, one thousand six hundred fifty sower and one thousand six hundred fifty six by any assembly called or reputed a Parliament, or assuming the power of Parliament according to the intention of such Act Acts or Ordinances, and the Agents and Receivers under the order of the said Trustees and the occupiers and tenants of the premisses [who have taken the pVnisses ‘ ] or proffits therof into their hands without agreement to pay Rent therefore, and have made noe accompt or satisfoftion to the Trustees aforesaid, or to some other by their order, and alsoe the persons who have held the same or taken the proffits therof under any agreement to pay rent or money for the same and have not paid the same shall respectively accompt pay and make satisfoftion for soe much of the premisses and profits of the premisses as are unsatisfied or unaccompted for as aforesaid, and pay such arrearages of rents or money as by such agrement remaineth unpaid by them, all which payments and accounts shall be made to such persons and in such manner as in Parliament shall be directed, Neverthelesse it is not hereby intended that any Minister Schoolemaster or other Proviso for person for whose benefit or maintenance the said pretended Aftf or Ordinances were made shall be accomptable or lyeable to make satisfoftion for any proffits rents or summes of money paid to, or taken by them respectively the said Ordinance by vertue or colour of any order or appointment of the said Trustees or any of them, or otherwise.

was made.

XLV. Exception of Bonds in His Majesty* Name before May 164a for Securities of Receivers.

Order of House of Commons of 36th May 1641. Farmers of the Customs paid jgif o,ooc at the Desire of the said House.

Provided alsoe That this Act doe not extend to pardon any Bond taken in his late Majestyes Name before the moneth of May one thousand six hundred forty two for secureing the proper Debt of any Servant or Receiver of the Revenew of his said late Majesty that hath not [been *] paid to, or by order of some lawful or pretended authority,

And whereas by an order of the Six and twentyeth day of May in the yeare One thousand six hundred forty (*) one the then House of Commons in Parliament did accept the summe of One hundred and fifty thousand pounds as a composition from the Farmers of severall Customes voted to be illegally taken, and some of the said Farmers did procure and pay the said whole summe of One hundred and fifty thousand pounds at the desire of the said House of Commons, and upon their Declaration that such of the said Farmers as did not pay their proportions should not be pardoned but proceeded gainst, and out of their Fines satisfoftion should be made to those who had paid the said One hundred and fifty thousand pounds, and in pursuance therof did on the first of June then next following resolve That the Estates of such persons living or dead as have by colour of any Patent received moneyes from the Subject under pretence of such Customes or have beene Undersharers with the Patentees ought to be made lyeable to restitution. It is therefore provided That this Act shall not extend or bee construed to extend to pardon or indempnifie any person or persons their heires executors administrators or assignes who have not paid their proportions of the said One hundred and fifty thousand pounds, or ought to (6) beene contributory therunto from or against misdemeanours or offences relating to the said Customes, or from payment of their proportions But that the Estates of the dead as well as the (7) liveing of such who ought to have beene contributory [in whose possession soever1] (Purchasers bona fide and upon valuable considerations onely excepted) shall continue and be charged and chargeable with the payment of their proportions to all intents and purposes as if this Act had not beene made, Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe That this Act or any thing therin contained shall not extend or be construed to pardon or discharge any summe or summes of money due, and arreare for Excise of Beere Ale or other Native or Inland Arrears of Excite

Exception of Payments upon Proportions of <£150,000 upon the Customs.

XLVI. Exception of

Commoditye since the [twenty fowerth8] day of June One thousand six hundred fifty [and9] nine.

upon Beer and Ale since 34 June 1659

XLVII. Exception of Monies due for

Provided alsoe That noe thing in this Act contained shall extend to the pardoning or discharging of any sume or summes of money due from any Officers or Souldiers to any of the Subjects of this Kingdome for free quarter since the second day of July One thousand six hundred fifty [and9] nine, or to discharge any moneys borrowed by any Officers for preventing of free quarter.

Provided alwayes And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Conveyance Assurance Grant Bargaine proJ^jY*II. Sale Charge Lease Assignement of Lease Grants and Surrenders by Copy of Court roll Estate Interest Trust or Purchasers boni Limitation of any Use or Uses of any Mannours Lands Tenements or Hereditaments not being the Lands nor ot^tlumafW Hereditaments of the late King, Queene Prince or of any Archbishops Bishops Deanes, Deanes or Chapters, nor King or Church, bong Lands or Hereditaments sold or given or appointed to be sold or given for the delinquency or pretended

• interlined on the Roll. • of 0.

* and O. • have 0.

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 4 ^tended O.

7 of 0. * sower and twentieth 0. * 0. omiti.

30

234

12° Car. II. c. 11,12.

A.D. 1660.

and for Statutes, kc. suffered, &c. before 29th Sept, 16J9,

and for Conveyances, kc. before 15th April 1660 n Trust.

XLIX.

Rot. Parl. 12 C. II. p.i. an. 7.

Certain Acts and Proceedings not to be avoided.

II.

Recital that since the Death of the late Kina Tines had been levied

delinquency of any person or persons whatsoever by vertue or pretext of any Act order or ordinance^ or reputed Ad order or ordinance since the first day of January One thousand six hundred forty and one, Nor any Statute Judgement or Recognizance had made acknowledged or suffered to any person or persons bodyes politique or corporate before the nine and twentyeth day of September One thousand six hundred fifty and nine by any of the persons before in this Act by name excepted or their Heires, or by any other person or persons clayming by from or under diem or any of them other then the wife or wives child children heire and heires of such person and persons or any of them for money bona fide to them or any of them, paid or lent, nor any conveyance assurance grant or estate made before the five and twentyeth day of April One thousand six hundred and sixty by any person or persons to any such person or persons excepted by Name as aforesaid, in trust and for the benefit of any other person or persons Bodyes Politique or Corporate not excepted by name as aforesaid shall be impeached defeated made void or frustrated hereby, or by the attainder or conviction of any such excepted Person or persons but that the same shall be held and enjoyed by the Purchasers Grantees Lessees Assignees Cestuy que use Cestuy que trust and every of them their Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes respectively as if this Act had not beene made, and as if the said person or persons had not beene excepted attainted or convicted Any Law Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary therof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall not extend to Indempnifie any person or persons whatsoever who have entred into any Messuages Lands Tenements or Hereditaments called Fabrick Lands or possest themselves of any Rent or Revenues given for the repaire of any Cathedrall or other Church, or who have Sacreligiously enriched themselves by converting the Plate [and1] Utensills and Materialls of or belonging to such Churches to their owne private use and advantage for or in respect of the said Crimes onely.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for Confirmation of Judiciall Proceedings.

BEE it Enacted and it is enacted by His Majesty and the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That noe Fines nor finall Concordf Chirographs nor Proclamations of Fines nor any Recoveries Verdicts Judgements Statuts Recognizances nor Inrolments of any Deeds or Wills or of any such Fines Proclamations Recoveries Verdicts Judgments Statutes or Recognizances, nor any Exemplifications of them nor any of them, nor any Inquisitions Indictments Presentments Informations Decrees Sentences, Probats of Will, nor Letters of Administration, nor any Writts nor Actings on, or Returns of Writts, Orders or other Proceedings in Law or Equity had, made, given, taken or done or depending in the Courts of Chauncery, Kings Bench Upper Bench Common Pleas and Court of Exchequer, and Courts of Exchequer Chamber or any of them sitting at Westminster or in the Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, the Courts of any Countyes Palatine or Dutchy of Lancaster or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweed, or in any other inferiour Courts of Law or Equity, or by any the Judges Clerks Officers Sheriffes Coroners or Ministers or others A'ding in Obedience to them or any of them, or by any the Courts of Admiralty Delegats Justices of Assize, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer Goale Delivery Justices of the Peace Commissioners of Sewers Banke-rupts or Charitable Uses, nor any Adings, Processe, Proceedings npr Executions therupon had, made, given done or suffered in the Kingdome of England since the First of May One thousand six hundred forty two shall be avoided for want or defect of any Legall Power in the said Courts Judges Commissioners Justices or any of them, or for or by reason that the Premisses or any of them were commenced. Prosecuted, had, made, held or used in the Name Stile or Title of the late King, or in the Name Stile Title or Test of Custodes Libertatis Anglie Authoritate Parliament^ Or in the Name Stile Title or Test of the Keepers of the Liberty of England by Authority of Parliament, Or the Name Stile Title or Test of Oliver Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions therunto belonging, Or of Oliver Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions and Territories therunto belonging, Or the Name Stile Title or Test of Richard Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions and Territories therunto belonging, or for or by reason of any alteration of the said Names Stiles or Titles, Or for that the said Fines Recoveries Processe Pleadings Proceedings and other things before mentioned, Or the Entry and inrolment of them, or any of them were in the Lattaine or English tongue, But that all and every such Fines Recoveries and other things abovementioned and the Adings Doeings and Proceedings therupon shall be of such and of noe other Force Effect and Vertue then as if such Courts Judges Justices Commissioners Officers and Ministers had Acted by vertue of a True Just and Legall Authority, and as if the same and the Entry and inrolment therof were in Latin, and as if the severall Acts and Ordinances or pretended Acts or Ordinances made by both or either Houses of Parliament or any Convention assembled under the name of a Parliament, or by Oliver Cromwell late stiled Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions therto belonging, and his Councell Warranting or Directing such proceedings had beene Good True and Effeduall Acts of Parliament.

And whereas since the death of the late King severall Fines have beene Leavied without any Entry or due Entring of any summe paid pro licentia concordance commonly called the Kings Silver and without Entry, or due Entry of any summe given to the party for the Concord. And alsoe whereas in the Terme of Saint Michael

1 or O.

AJ).\660.

12° Car. II. c. 12

235

last past severall Fines were Leavyed and Recorded in the Court of Common Pleas before one Judge onely of the said Court, Bee it Enacted That the said Fines and Proclamations therupon and every of them shall be good and eflfe&uall notwithstanding the defers aforesaid.

And be it alsoe further Enacted That all Fines Proclamations of Fines Recoveries and other Judidall proceedings in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster since the death of His late Majesty King Charles the First had Leavyed or Suffered of any Lands lyeing in the County Palatine of Durham shall be good and effectuall notwithstanding the said Lands were lyeing in the said County Palatine.

Provided That this A & or any thing therin contained shall not be Construed Deemed or Adjudged to make good allow confirme or countenance any the Proceedings in the late Illegall and Unwarranted High Courts of Justice or soe called or any of them.

And whereas since the first day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty one, and before the five and twentyeth day of Aprill in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty there were diverse Persons that Adheered to both Houses of Parliament who for or in respect of such their adherence were Indicted Charged or Impeached of Treason, And whereas since the said first day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty one, and before the said five and twentyeth day of April in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty diverse persons who adhered to His Majestie or to the late King were for such their adherence Charged Impeached or Indicted of High Treason, Bee it further provided and Enacted That the said Charges Impeachments Indi&ments and all Exigents Outlawries Convictions and Attainders therupon, and all Letters Patents and Grants therupon made of any Mannours Lands Tenements or Hereditaments Escheated or forfeited by reason of such Attainder, and all Title to any measne Profits by reason of such Conviction Outlawry Attainder or Grant be from henceforth repealed and discharged. And that all Escheats Forfeitures and Confiscations by reason of such Outlawries Conviction or Attainder Be and are hereby restored unto such Persons soe Outlawed Convicted or Attainted their Heires Executors and Administrators respectively as if noe such Attainder had beene.

Provided Neverthelesse And be it Enacted That this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend to avoid or confirme any Sales or Estates made by vertue or pretence of any Act Order or Ordinance or reputed Act Order or Ordinance of Parliament since the first day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty two, nor any Confirmation therof made, or to be made therof in this present Parliament, but that such Sales stand and be in the same plight and condition as they should or might have done if this Act had not been made.

without Entry, or

coocordandi.

Such Fine* good.

III.

Proviso for Fine* and Recoveries of Land* in Durham.

IV.

The illegal Proceeding* of the High Courts of Justice not allowed.

V.

Recital that Adherents of the Parliament and of the King had been indicted:

Such Indi&ments, &c. and all Grants thereupon, made void;

and all Escheats, See. restored.

VI.

Sales made by Ordinance of Parliament since i st May 164a not avoided or confirmed.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Recognizances Obligations or other Securities made or given to the Keepers of the Libertie of England by Authoritie of Parliament, or to Oliver Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions therunto belonging, or to Oliver Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions and Territories therunto belonging, or to Richard Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions and Territories therunto belonging, and not pardoned or discharged by any Act passed or to be passed this present Parliament or otherwise [other then such Recognizances Obligations and Securities as have beene made or given (to any the pretended powers or persons aforesaid, or to any deriving or pretending to derive Authority from them) by any person or persons for or by reason of their adherence to His Majesty or his said late Royall Father, or relating to, or ariseing onely upon or in respect of the late Troubles, All which are hereby declared to be void and to be delivered up to be Cancelled,'] And all Judgements Extents Inquisitions Executions and Seizures had for the said Keepers or Protectors or any of them, and not likewise pardoned or discharged other then as aforesaid shall and may be had and prosecuted in the name and to the use of His Majesty His Heires or Successors, [and alsoe excepting all Obligations Bonds or Recognizances entred into to the said Keepers or Protectors or any of them by any person or persons by Order or Direction of any Councell of State, Committee of Safety Major Generalls Derimators or any Officer or other person under them, or any other Military power, all which Obligations Bonds and Recognizances are hereby discharged and declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes/]

VII. Recognizances, Obligations, &c* to the late Protectors.

Exception.

Judgments, See. for the said Protectors may be prosecuted in the Name and to the Use of the

King-

Exception.

Provided alsoe and be it Enacted That this Act nor any thing therin contained shal not extend to continue after the eighth day of May in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty any Justice or Justices of one Bench or the other or Barons of the Exchequer Sergeants at Law Commissions of Sewers Commissions of Bankerupts or of charitable uses made or constituted by or in the Name or Stile of any the late pretended powers or authorities,

VIIL Justices, Sergeants, Commissioners of Sewers, &c. of the late Powers not continued.

Provided alwayes That it shall and may be lawfull to and for every person and persons who shall finde themselves greived or damnified by any Judgement Fine Recovery Decree or Sentence given made leavied granted or pronounced in any of the said Courts to proceed in due forme of Law either by Writt of Error, Bill of Review Appeale or other lawfull remedy for the Reverting Annuling or Revoking of the same in such manner as they might at any time heretofore have done if the said Courts had beene established by lawful! Authoritie other then for those Errors and Defects which are remedied or provided for by this Act.

IX.

Writs of Error miy be brought by Persoos grieved by Judgments of the late Courts.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

12" Car.II. c. 12, 13.

A.D. 1660.

X. ^ Proviso retpeChng Noo-ckun upon Fine* of Lanas sold, ftc. by Ordinance of Parliament since the lit May 164a, and before the »5th April 1660.

XI.

The late Government declared to be usurped.

Recognition of His Majesty’s justTitle.

XII.

Indictment* of Persons for levying Wars against Oliver Cromwell, &c. made void.

Provided allwayes And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Non-claim upon or after any Fine or Fines hereby made good or confirmed shall extend or be construed to Bar or Prejudice any person or persons their Heires or Successors or their Feoffees or Trustees (other then the partyes to the said Fines and their Heires generall and speciall and his and their Trustees) as concerning such Right Claime and Interest as they had in, or to any Lands Tenements or other Hereditaments which by colour of any Act Order or Ordinance of both or either Houses of Parliament or any Convention sitting at Westminster under the Name or Stile or assuming the Name or Stile of a Parliament since the first day of May, in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty and two, and before the five and twentyeth day of Aprill in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty were Sold Conveyed or Disposed as then or late the Lands Tenements [and1] Hereditaments of the King Queene or Prince or of Archbishops Bishops Deanes, Deanes and Chapters or other Ecclesiasdcall persons, or as the Lands Tenements [and1] Hereditaments of any other persons for their Adherency to the late King or His Majesty that now is, or for any their A&ings relating to, or in respefl of the late Troubles, soe alwayes that the said [person or*] persons aforesaid their Heires or Successors pursue their Title Claime or Interest by way of Action or

lawfull Entry within five yeares next after the nine and twentyeth day of May in the yeare of our Lord one

thousand six hundred and sixty.

And although in this Confirmation of Judidall Proceedings it was necessary to mention Diverse pretensed A&S and Ordinances by the Names and Stiles which those Persons then Usurped who tooke upon them to passe the same Namely some by the Stile and Name of the Keepers of the Liberty of England by authority of Parliament, and others by the Name and Stile of Protestors of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions and Territoryes therunto belonging, Yet this present Parliament doth Declare, and it is Enacted by Authority of the same That the Names and Stiles aforesaid and every of them are most Rebellious, Wicked, Trayterous and Abominable Usurpations Detested by this present Parliament as opposite in the Highest Degree to His Sacred Majestyes most Just and undoubted Right to whom and to His Heires and Lawfull Successors the

Imperiall Crownes of the Realmes of England Scotland and Ireland with their and every of their Dominions and

Territoryes doe of Right appertaine and as violating and Infringing the just Rights and Priviledges of Parliament and of both Houses therof now Assembled or that hereafter shall be called and assembled.

Provided alwayes and be it Enabled That all and every pretended Indictment or Indictments [Outlawes1] Inquisitions and all Proceedings theron of High Treason against any Person or Persons whatsoever for Leavying Warr against the late Tirant Oliver Cromwell, the pretended Keepers of the Liberty of England or any other usurped Power shall be from henceforth void, and of none effect in Law. And that all Grants Conveyances Leases Devices Assurances Statutes Recognizances and Judgements for Debt, Damages heretofore Had Made or Suffered by any person or his Heires whose Conviction, Utlagary or Attainder is by this Act discharged or made void shall be of the same force and effect as if noe such Conviction Outlawry or Attainder had beene.

Rot. Pari, 12 C. IL p.2.nu.i.

Recital that Abatement of Interest is advantageous to Trade.

Reasons for passing this Act.

None to take above Six Pounds for a Hundred Pounds.

All Securities, on which higher Interest reserved, void.

Persons taking. See. by any Shift higher Interest;

Penalty.

CHAPTER XIIL

An Act for restraining the takeing of Excessive Usury.

FORASMUCH as the Abatement of Interest from Ten in the Hundred in former times hath beene found by notable experience benefidall to the Advancement of Trade and Improvement of Lands by good Husbandry with many other considerable advantages to this Nation, especially the reduceing of it to a nearer proportion with Forraigne States with whom wee traffique, And wheras in fresh memory the like fall from Eight to Six in the Hundred by a late constant practise hath found the like Successe to the generall contentment of this Nation as is visible by severall Improvements. And whereas it is the endeavour of some at present to reduce it backe againe in practice to the allowance of the Statute still in force to Eight in the Hundred to the great discouragement of Ingenuity and industry in the Husbandry Trade and Commerce of this Nation. Bee it for the Reasons aforesaid Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestye and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled That noe person or persons whatsoever from and after the twenty ninth day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty upon any Contract shall from and after the said twenty ninth (4) of September take directly or indirectly for Loane of any [Money5] Wares Merchandice or other Commodity es whatsoever above the value of Six Pounds for the Forbearance of one Hundred Pounds for a Yeare, and soe after that Rate for a greater or lesser Summe or for a longer or shorter time, And that all Bonds Contracts and Assurances whatsoever made after the time aforesaid for payment of any principall or money to be lent or covenanted to be performed upon or for any Usury, wherupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the Rate of Six pounds in the Hundred as aforesaid shall be utterly void, And that all and every person and persons whatsoever which shall after the time aforesaid upon any Contract to be made after the said twenty ninth day of September take accept and receive by way or meanes of any corrupt Bargaine Loane Exchange Cheivesaunce Shift or Interest of any Wares Merchandise or other thing or things whatsoever, or by any deceitfull way or meanes or by any covin, engine or deceitfull conveyance for the forbearing or giveing day of payment for one whole yeare of and for their Money or other thing above the Sume of Six pounds for the forbearing of One hundred pounds for a yeare, and soe after that Rate for a greater or lesser Summe or for a longer or shorter Terme shall forfeit and loose for every such offence the treble value of the Moneyes Wares Merchandize and other things soe Lent Bargained Sold Exchanged or Shifted;

1 or 0. • interlined on the Roll. s Outlawry es 0. 4 Day 0. s Moneyes O.

y ^yvutui^e^ ^ t^tiiC^grvive'iiv^dn $* uuio <tu^ taJC-ui

ty*i

Lfct^ 9<k^j)

"or*fmvvC&

~o(e> o^/4(C v^toiu.^ ft*»>':&igrS>o»tv£

freu i*\\P5fct&we \&fb 6W3 ofi *CCtfi* fiojGfr ^ta* t"

y UiU» ftwfr' ioi^W^f tiflJJi<P mo^t &^(£*at1^<He

'R0 — 0^7 y V c> Yy

ftu!^ -vm# ®c^»v3eao-Ci i^e> ■fcau<>-'

ftufr «tXC Co^ftCC jaGitct

VJT^utc/ stT ^ii^Ofcu^ fti«S> i ^oiumion^ t^CA^uuto ute^e#'

Wr

\o^UiC&to i^b ftctntfc(E jpo^100- ft-ie^ O^ ofi wto m»$-ouGte^,(:?«.at^itAX^ <t«

etacif Voitc.^ ctt4^iu\u« aoOt taAvfcc.?,OU-O "0\9 v

yQj ^ Y"\3> 6 ] Cj C v

etGC* ouV fa.bitted, Cea^t

f> /v . *____

O IMUkiUUiOHb^ w

X/V.

t* tact pafc 237 of Vel. V of the Statute*.

fMfc‘’ ft? uv ftCC »u>ft-^pC©iftvC£ toa^J^covuT-o

£W Oj^tjljVW^' to tu9

Urmfr^ Go-ftyta> *tw y ^u.OitvGyfc*Utt> Uv fttt

to temo, et t»^ lUfcvcf^ 2ifc^ ^Pfethf*

\vduvc»u0’

soytoaCHoe' m\g^v etuwuetCCp rtCoGyfct* g)«* y^ttuetC

meuuit^ ttfe*o!vJ^?J t^eia iu»A«nu3^«^t^ ws.

uGCl<^w^ t^c^Ou. to ^Cuvi^tV d^O^Svt^ OivO^Oittt-

etuB- Q«itci Uv At tupjr Huottt tc*yt^vjuftiv —

-ptUTCu^tto Coa^vt^T ^ct*vu*$ <t»t^ rou^i£«^ oti^tuv w^ou^ t^"*utojVio^iiCC 9^? ^~*btuftt*# ^‘^O'^iUgr^1

iwojV t^t«(Ceal^<ht|\^ Co^j etu^<^OwMi» ou/T* iu^ tfjCo-’ w \u4r jpw(Vftm4iUr ft|V)»vGCft^ (tu^ t^4» etat^oiltVjcf-? . jltm& t$to\r ft4£ ft»t$- ^vaffuCft^ (V\CiU(,tV^7 m 4&o5j xio

i»

i&" UW OUCXO

ivj'uftC jJtWt© p|? &iwn<> oe^iuto ft^Zo 0^2 ^ ‘ ^ '

Lucy'CWuS'"tatir <c?omuvtouo w«oh MU'-'^uy

futt*(^ ^*fc€C tV «u Outtu^vM^-'^wT fc*\mi&uy^ tefeGytt* tGo t&tuty mttttf frfcy }oh Uafrv Gy >ta^ii«r -tffeU Geeextv

fWy* i^vl^»Uvv^acto uCu^t^ySo

ftu^ d"<ZCut^vmt to«T^ceiu4^<fcu& uv\cj^t>£j fLcto^&ou&> t^'tXtOtt' ftMd' dtcC<fcy*Nx)& <Ttan<b to 6tCC t^o y>toy>Co tf)4yfc ffc^V»uCCfc&' t^4» -V5^»o^fctvou^ £«,t to to\vvt> t^ett ^o«> t(jcy^ vufit^ jc^au.^fcv^\>

jVuui, Q^»(o aetuU) etCc>iv4> pT cv^tltcuti 0n\&(yi6^ wvout t^«> ^ttauiuT. «-

tw-tetto^ tfiftt ftwS- a»u^p yttO>*v ftuJ' iuj?v

wit^uv tf^CO' £uwc^<&o\vv«> etu^-V0C> ^ovvcUu-ou^ t^cjjwuto GtCowgiiMj-'

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 13, 14.

237

And be it farther Enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Scrivenor and Scrivenors Broker and Brokers Sollidtor and Sollidtors Driver and Drivers of Bargaines for Contracts who shall after the said twenty nmeth day of September take or receive directly or indirectly any Summe or Summes of Money or other reward or thing for Brokage Sollidting Driving or Procureing the Loane or forbearing of any Summe or Summes of Money over and above the Rate or Value of five shillings for the Loane, or forbearing of one hundred pounds for a yeare and soe rateably, or above twelve pence for [the1] making or renewing of the Bond or Bill for the Loane, or for forbearing thereof, or for any Counterbond or Bill concerning the same shall forfdte for every such Offence twenty pounds and have Imprisonment for halfe a yeare; The one moyety of all which forfeitures to be to the King our Soveraigne Lord His Heires and Successors, And the other moyety to him or them that will sue for the same in the same County where the severall Offences are committed and not elsewhere by action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information, in which noe Essoigne Wager of Law, or protection to be allowed.

II.

Scriveners taking above 51. for the Loan of £ioo for a Year, or above 1 ad. for making, &c. Bonds, &c.

Penalty £to and Imprisonment.

Rot. Parl.xtC.il.

p.t. an. 4.

His Majesty's Restoration on His Birth-day.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for a Perpetuall Anniversary Thanksgiveing on the nine and twentyeth day of May.

F)RASMUCH as Almighty God the King or Kings and sole Disposer of all Earthly Crownes and Kingdomes hath by his Alswaying Providence and Power miraculously demonstrated in the view of all the World his transcendent Mercy Love and Gratiousnes towards His most Excellent Majesty Charles the Second by his espedall Grace of England Scotland France and Ireland King Defender of the true Faith and all his Majestyes Loyall Subjects of this his Kingdome of England and the Dominions therunto annexed by his Majestyes late most wonderfull glorious peaceable and joyfall Restauration to the a&uall possession and exercise of his undoubted hereditary Soveraigne and Regall Authority over them, (after sundry yeares forced extermination into Forraigne parts by the most Traiterous Conspirides and armed power of usurping Tirants and execrable perfidious Traiters, and that without the least opposition or effusion of blood through the unanimous cordiall loyall Votes of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and passionate desires of all other his Majestyes Subjects, which unexpressible blessing (by Gods owne most wonderfull dispensation) was compleated on the twenty nineth day of May last past, being the most memorable Birth day not onely of his Majesty both as a man and Prince but likewise as an a&uall King, and of this and other His Majesties Kingdomes all in a great measure new borne and raised from the dead on this most joyfall day wherin many thousands of (*) Nobility [Citizens Gentry3] and other his Lieges of this Realme conducted His Majesty unto His Royall Cittyes of London and Westminster with all possible expressions of their publique Joy and Loyall Affections in fa it greater triumph then any of His [most4] victorious Predecessors Kings of England returned thither from their Forraigne Conquests, and both His Majestyes Houses of Parliament with all Dutyfall and Joyfall Demonstrations of their Allegiance publiquely received, and cordially congratulated His Majestyes [most happy4] Arrivall and Investiture in His Royall Throne at His Pallace of Whitehall., LTpon all which considerations, this being the day which the Lord himselfe hath made and crowned with soe many publique Blessings and signall Deliverances both of His Majestie and His People from all their late most deplorable Confusions Divisions Warrs Devastations and Oppressions To the end that it may be kepte in perpetuall Remembrance in all Ages to come, and that his Sacred Majesty (*) with all His Subjects of this Realme and the Dominions thereof and their Posterities after them might annually celebrate the perpetual memory therof by sacrificeing their unfeigned hearty publique Thanks theron to Almighty God with one heart and voice in a most devout and Christian manner, for all these publique benefits received and conferred on them upon this most joyfall day, Bee it therefore Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That all and singular Ministers of Gods Word and Sacraments in every Church Chappell and other usuall place of divine service and publique prayer which now are or hereafter shall be within this Realme of England and the respective Dominions therof and their Successors shall in all succeeding Ages annually celebrate the twenty ninth day of May by rendering their hearty publique Praises and Thanksgivings unto Almighty God for all the forementioned Extraordinary [Merces6] Blessings and Deliverances received, and mighty Acts done thereon and declare the same to all the People there [assemlled7 ] and the Generations yet to come that soe they may for ever praise the Lord for the same, whose Name alone is Excellent, and his Glory above the Earth and heavens,

And bee it farther Enacted That all and every person and persons inhabiting within this Kingdome and the ^ p H* Dominions therunto belonging shall upon the said day annually resort with diligence and devotion to some usuall retort to some Church Chappell or place where such publique thanksgivings and praises to Gods most Divine Majesty shall be rendered, and there orderly and devoutly abide dureing the said publique Thanksgiveings Prayers Preaching Singing that Day. of Psalmes and other service of God there to be used and ministered.

The t g/th May to be annually celebrated.

And to the end that all persons may be put in minde of their duty theron, and be the better prepared to 111.

discharge the same with that piety and devotion as becomes them Bee it further Enacted That every Minister shall give Notice to his Parishioners publiquely in the Church at morning prayer the Lords day next before every such Lord’* Day next twenty ninth day of May for the due observation of the said day, And shall then likewise publiquely and distin&ly reade this present Act to the people.

1 O. omits. • the 0.

* Gentry Citizens 0.

4 interlined on the Roll.

* will 0. • Mercies 0. 1 assembled 0.

3P

12° Car. II. c. 15.

A.D. 1660.

Pot. Par/. 12 C.IL p, 2. nu. io.

Reasons for passing

this a a.

The Army in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and the English Forces in Scotland,disbanded. Exception.

II.

Commissioners named for the above Purpose.

III.

The present Treasurers at War, and the Treasurers under c. 9. ante, to issue Money for the above Purpose.

As to the Manner of Commissioners proceeding.

As to Arrears of Pay.

As to the disbanding the Duke of York’s Regiment and others.

As to the disbanding Garrisons.

As to continuing Troops in Scotland.

Commissioners to send to Treasurers named in c.o. ante, to certify to them what Monies are in Hand.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for the speedy disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdome.

WHEREAS the people of this Kingdome lye under a great burthen and charge in the maintenance and

V y payment of the present Army. Now to the end the same may be disbanded and the Country eased and the Officers and Souldiers who were in the Army [on1] the five and twentyeth day of April One thousand six hundred sixty appearing by the Musters taken the seaventh of May following (being under God instrumental! in the just and happy restitution of his Majestye to the exercise of his government and the people to their lawes and libertyes) may be satisfied their just arreares Be it enabled by the Kings Most Excellent Majestye with the advice of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoride of the same that the said Army and all the respective Regiments Troops and Companies Officers and Souldiers whether in field or garrison within this kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede together with all the English Forces now in Scotland except such as are in the following rules excepted be with all convenient speede disbanded and discharged.

And it is further enacted that his Royall Highnes the Duke of Yorke, The Duke of Albemarle The Lord Great Chamberlaine The Lord Steward The Earle of Leicester and The Lord Roberts, Sir Richard Browne Sir William Doyley John Birch William Prynne Edward King and Robert Scawen Esquiers or any three or more of them whereof one of the Commissioners named by the House of Lords and one of the Commissioners named by the House of Commons to be two shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for that purpose and shall act therm according to the rules orders and instrudions hereafter exprest, or such other directions and rules as shall hereafter be made on that behalfe by the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled,

And be it further enacted that the present Treasurers at War, The Treasurers named in one Act of this present Parliament entituled An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of this kingdome both by land and sea shall issue and pay such respective summe and summes of money as shall be appointed and directed by the said Commissioners or any three or more of them as aforesaid, and all other persons concerned in the rules and instructions hereby given, are to give obedience accordingly.

(*) Rules Orders and Instructions for disbanding the Army.

1. The Commissioners hereby appointed for disbanding the Army and respective forces shall proceed therein in manner following (that is to say) the name of the Officer in cheife of each Regiment and Garrison within this Kingdome (except such as are hereafter excepted) shall be written in a paper which paper shall be close rolled and sealed up, and put into a glasse, and left with the Speaker of the House of Commons sitting the Parliament, or with the Lord Chancellour in the intervall of Parliament, and when the aforesaid Commissioners shall be ready to disband any the forces, they shall when the House of Commons is sitting, or in the intervall when his Majestyes Councell [is1] sitting draw forth a certaine number of names not exceeding three and haveing there publiquely reade the names proceed forthwith to disband them, and soe from time to time untill the whole be disbanded, yet soe as foure Companyes in Hull, foure Companies in Berwicke and two Companyes in Carlisle of such as are now in the said Garrisons respectively, or such as shall be therunto appointed by the Kings Majestye be last disbanded.

2. All generall Officers [of the Army4] who were in service the five and twenty eth of April One thousand six hundred (5) sixty appearing by their Commissions, and all other Officers and Souldiers who were in service the five and twentyeth of April One thousand six hundred and sixty and are found upon the Muster Rolls taken the seaventh of May then next following and have not beene since discharged for refuseing to take the Oaths of alleigiance and supremacy shall have and receive upon their disbanding their just arreares from the fourteenth of March One thousand six hundred fifty eight defaulking for quarters by them oweing for such time for which arreares shall be to them due and payable before the said five and twentyeth of April or since.

3. That the Regiments of their Royall Highnesses the Dukes of Yorke and Gloucester and Lord Gene rails Regiments of Horse and Foote shall be last disbanded except the foure companyes in Hull, the foure companyes in Berwicke and the two companyes in Carlisle aforesaid.

4. That all Garrisons within this Kingdome or Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey shall be with all convenient speede in respect of their fortifications and walls and numbers of men putt into the same condition they were in, in the ye&re one thousand six hundred thirty seaven, and the souldiers in them disbanded and discharged except such of them or any other as his Majestye shall thinks fitt otherwise to dispose and provide for at his owne charge.

5. That if his Majestye shall thinke fitt to continue in Scotland three regiments of fbote and one troope of horse of the English forces now there they are not to be paid and maintained at the charge of this kingdome.

6. That the Commissioners by this Act appointed doe send to the Treasurers named in one Ad of this present Parliament entituled (An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of this kingdome both by land and sea) who are hereby required from time to time to certifie the aforesaid Commissioners what moneyes remaines in their hands, or which they know to be in the hands of any Sheriffe or any Commissioners of the respective Countyes when the Commissioners for the disbanding the Army shall have occasion for it, and desire it.

1 0. omits. * annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * are 0. 4 interlined on the Roll. * and O.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 15.

239

7. That the said Commissioners shall direCk the said Treasurers from time to time to grant assignations (who are hereby required to give obedience thereunto) for such and soe many summes of money on the respective Sheriffes or Commissioners for raising money by the aforesaid Act in the several 1 Countyes Cittyes or places where they understand any of the said money lyes, [and'] the Commissioners for disbanding the Army or any three or more of them as aforesaid shall direct and appoint to such persons and in such manner as the said Commissioners or any three or more of them as aforesaid shall direct and appoint.

d. That for the better stating of the accompts of the Officers and Souldiers of the Armies and Garrisons within this

Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales Arthur Sprey William Jessop Ralph Darnel Samuel Atkins Richard Kingdon and Bartholimew Fillingham Esquiers shall be and are hereby appointed constituted and authorized to audit and cast up the accompts of the aforesaid Armies and Garrisons and shall respectively before they enter thereon take an Oath in these words following (I doe sweare that to the best of my skill and judgement I shall examine and truely state all such accompts as shall be committed to my care and trust by the Commissioners for disbanding

the Army or any three or more of them, and shall and will [make*] to the best of my knowledge true certificates

of all such accompts to the said Commissioners or any three of them, Soe helpe me God, which said Oath the Commissioners appointed for disbanding and pay of the Army or any three of them as aforesaid are hereby authorized to administer accordingly, which accompts soe certified by the said Auditors or any three of them, the said Commissioners or any three of them shall have power and authority, and are hereby authorized and impowered to issue out Warrants from time to time to the respective Treasurers aforesaid for the payment of the several 1 summes soe audited and due as aforesaid, which Warrants together with the acquittance or receipt of the persons to whom the same is payable therupon shall be to the said Treasurers respectively a sufficient warrant and discharge.

9. If it shall appeare upon the examining and stating the arreares of any Regiment Troope Company or Garrison that any moneyes have beene paid them by Warrant upon accompt, and not by such Warrant applyed to any Muster or taken up without warrant of the Assesmefits or any other publique moneyes that then and in all such cases the Auditors appointed by this Act or any three of them shall be and are hereby authorized and required to place such moneyes soe received (by warrant upon accompt or taken up without warrant) towards pay of all the Officers and souldiers of such Regiment Troope Company or Garrison upon such Musters as in course succeed the Musters upon which such Regiment Troope Company or Garrison was last paid and not otherwise, and in all other cases concerning the Musters or receiving any money therupon or transposeing altering modeling or reduceing of any Regiments Troops Companies or Souldiers, or where any doubt shall arise concerning the just arreares due to any Officer or Souldier the said Auditours shall state and reporte the case to the Commissioners for disbanding the Army, who, or any three of them as aforesaid are hereby authorized and impowered to sett downe and give such orders rules and directions as they shall judge reasonable and meet which orders rules and directions [the said Auditors*] are hereby required and authorized to observe accordingly.

10. That forasmuch as severall forces have since the second of July One thousand six hundred fifty nine taken free quarter in severall parts of this Kingdome and Dominion of Wales and severall Officers of the Army have borrowed money of severall townes parishes and places and of private persons for discharge of such quarters since that time which are yet unpaid, the Auditors aforesaid in that case shall receive the severall and respective obligations of such Officers who are now to be disbanded under their hands and seales to satisfie and pay upon demand the respective quarters or summes of money soe oweing, or such part as ought to be paid by any Officer or Souldier of any Regiment Troope or Company to whom any arreares are now paid.

11. That upon the disbanding of any part of the forces of this Kingdome, all foote Souldiers shall deliver up

all their Armes (except swords) and the Horse shall deliver up their defensive Armes for his Majesty es service

to such persons as shall be appointed by the Commissioners to receive the same who are hereby authorized and

impowered to give such orders and directions for the delivering receiving portage and secureing of them, and in soch manner as they shall thinke necessary, [and that noe private souldier (being disbanded) shall (after fourteene dayes from the time of his disbanding) ride or travell with any fire armes upon paine of losing his said Armes and of imprisonment dureing his Majesty es pleasure.3]

12. That if any Officer or Souldier hereby appointed to be disbanded shall refuse to give obedience therunto, or diswade others from disbanding he or they shall be forthwith secured by the Lord Generali, and forfeit their whole arreares and be proceeded against as Mutineers.

13. That in case upon the Muster, hereafter to be taken in order to the disbanding of the Army, any Officer shall make any false Muster, or shall muster any souldier by a false name such Officer shall forfeit his or their respective arreares.

14. That all moneyes that shall be issued after foureteene dayes pay appointed for present supply of

the Army shall be onely for and towards the disbanding of the Army and other necessary charges therunto

belonging, [except onely a fourth part of the money to be raised by the Poll Bill which shall be imployed to the paying off of the five and twenty Shipps come in from sea, and after for paying of such other shipps as the summes will further extend unto.3]

Commissioners to direct Treuurfn to grant A Migrations for Monies on Sheriff* or Commissioners for raising Money by the aforesaid

a a.

Auditors of Account* of Officers and Soldiers appointed, to take an Oath before entering upon Duty.

Form.

Commissioners may administer Oath.

On Accounts certified. Commissioners to issue Warrants for Payment. Discharge to Treasurers.

Directions to Auditor when it appears that Monies have been paid and not applied to anr Muster, or taken up without Warrant, 5cc.

As to Auditors taking Security of Officers disbanded to pay Quarters owing.

As to Troops, Horse and Foot, delivering up their Arms.

As to Officers or Soldiers refusing to be disbanded 5 Penalty.

Officers making false Muster; Penalty.

As to Application of Monies issued.

' as 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

J annexed to the Original Rules in a separate Schedule.

240

12° Car. II. c. 15.

A.D. 1660.

Present or lite Commissary General of Musters to assist Auditors.

15. That the present or late Commissary Generali of Musters or their deputyes doe from time to time and as often as the Commissioners for disbanding the Army shall require it assist and attend the Auditors appointed by this Act in order to the drawing up and perfecting the accompts of arreares now to be stated, who are alsoe hereby required to bring in all, or any the Muster Rolls of the Army as they shall bee thereunto ordered by the Commissioners aforesaid.

Commissioners for disbanding Army may issue their Warrant for pay of Salaries, &c. to Auditors.

Discharge to Treasurers.

Commissioners empowered to employ and pay Clerks, Accountants, See. and to defray contingent Charges;

and may give Directions to Sheriffs, See. to assist in disbanding the Army.

Proviso for Captains, &c. who have served under General Monk, and have disbursed Money in Relief of Soldiers.

Chief Officer of the Navy to deliver to Commissioners a List of 25 Ships intended to be discharged, and the Names of the Officers and Men.

Directions to Commissioners as to paying off the said Ships.

Treasurers under C. 9. ante, and c. 20. post,to issue Money for the Discharge of the said Ships.

16. That the Commissioners for disbanding the Army or any three or more of them as aforesaid be and are hereby authorized and impowered out of any moneyes within the receipt of the respective Treasurers aforesaid to grant their Warrant or Warrants for pay of such salaries and Allowances to die aforesaid Auditors for their

encouragement paines and charge in the affaire by this Act committed to their trust as shall by the said

Commissioners for the disbanding the Army or any three of them as aforesaid be agreed and thought fitt:

and the [Warrant1 ] of the said Commissioners or any three of them as aforesaid for payment of the said Auditors or pay of any other the salaries and contingent charges in this Act mentioned together with the receipt of the person to whom the same is payable shall be to the said Treasurers respectively a sufficient Warrant and discharge.

17. And the said Commissioners for the disbanding the Army or any three or more of them as aforesaid are hereby authorized and impowered to nominate appoint and imploy such Accomptants Clerks Agents Messengers and Servants and to make and [to1] give unto them such Salaries Allowances and satisfactions as they shall thinke fitt, and to provide such Bookes Paper Inke Pens Wax Candles convenient houseroome and all other necessaries, and to give their Warrants for payment of any summe or summes of money for the uses aforesaid as they shall finde necessary, as alsoe for defraying of charges for portage of Arms and all other contingent charges relating to this service.

13. That the Commissioners for disbanding the Army or any three of them as aforesaid shall and may give directions from time to time that all Sheriffes and all other his Majestyes Officers in every County be ayding and assisting to such person or persons as they shall imploy for disbanding of the Army and forces, and shall take care to see them truely mustered and paid off on the place, and their quarters satisfied.

19. Provided alwayes that if any Captaine or other cheife Officer of any troope or company of the Army who was in service under the command of Generali Monk on the seaventh day of May One thousand six hundred and sixty and marched with him out of Scotland into England in January last shall by his Oath, which the said Commissioners or any three [or morel] of them as aforesaid are hereby impowered to administer and by his pay booke make appeare that he hath disbursed any summe or summes of money for the releife of any souldier or souldiers of his Troope or Company before the seaventh day of May aforesaid, which souldier or souldiers are not capeable of receiving his or their arreares by the rules in this Act mentioned, then and in such case the Commissioners aforesaid for disbanding the Army or any three of them as aforesaid shall have full power, and are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid unto the said Captaine or cheife Officer as aforesaid such summe or summes of money soe by him disbursed as aforesaid, Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding, Provided that the Commissioners aforesaid doe not allow in the whole for such disbursements above the summe of eight thousand pounds.

[ao. That the cheife Officer of His Majestyes Navy doe with all convenient speede deliver in unto the Commissioners appointed for disbanding the Army a List of the names of the twenty five ships now in the River which are intended to be discharged with a perticular accompt of the moneyes due to every ship, and the names of the Officers and sea men to whom it is due, to the end that soe soone as any competent summe of money shall be received that is hereby appointed for that service, the said ships may be paid off and discharged accordingly.

a i. That the Commissioners for disbanding the Army or any three of them as aforesaid soe soone as they shall finde soe much money to be in cash appointed for the Navy as will pay off and discharge one or more of the aforesaid Ships, shall appoint a short day for that purpose and give notice thereof to the cheife Officers of his Majestyes Navy who are to attend that service and pay off and discharge upon the place such ship or ships in the presence and by the consent of any two or more of the Commissioners appointed for disbanding the Army who

are to take an accompt of the money soe issued, and all charges relating to that service and present the same fairely

written in a booke together with the accompt of moneyes paid for disbanding [of1] the Army to this or the next succeeding Parliament.

22. That the Treasurers for the money ariseing by one Act of Parliament (endtuled An Act for the speedy

provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of this Kingdome both by land and sea) and for the

money ariseing upon one other Act for two moneths assesment, (intituled An Act for raiseing seavenscore thousand pounds for the compleat disbanding of the whole Army and paying off some part of the Navy) are hereby required to [issue &J] pay from time to time such summe and summes of money, and to such person or persons for the discharge of the shipps aforesaid and such others as the money therunto appointed will extend unto, as they shall by warrant under the hands of any three or more of the Commissioners as aforesaid for

1 Warrants 0.

• 0. omits.

3 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 15,16.

241

disbanding the Army be appointed and directed, which Warrant or Warrants the said Commissioners for dkhamting OmmyAmm to die Army or any three of them as aforesaid are hereby authorized and impowered (as they shall see cause) to grant accordingly.

03. That the Commissioners nominated by the House of Commons (that is to say) Sir William Doyly, Sir Richard Allowance to Browne, John Birch Edward King William Prynn and Robert Scawen Esquiers shall have and receive for their charge in and about this service one penny in the pound and noe more out of all such moneyes as shall be issued on hlooies issued, by vertue of this Act, and for the uses therein exprest, which the Treasurers for the aforesaid moneyes are hereby CDaUed and required to issue and pay accordingly. *]

CHAPTER XVI.

An Act for inabling the Souldiers of the Army now to be disbanded to exercise Trades. Rat. Pari, is C./L

p. 2. am. II.

*1"Y WHEREAS there are diverse Officers and Souldiers now in the Kings Majestyes Service under the Command Redtil that there M of his Excellency George Duke of Albemarle Captaine Generali of His Majestyes Armies who have beene instrumentall by the blessing of Almighty God to the Happy Restitution and Restoration of his Sacred Majestye iactrumental in Unto His Kingdomes and People, and to His Just Right of Government in the Kingdome of England and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging. Some of which are men that used Trades, others that were [ Apprindces *] used Trades i to Trades who had not served out their times, and others who are apt and fitt for Trades, many of which the Warn being now ended would willingly imploy themselves in those Trades they were formerly accustomed unto, or which they are apt and able to follow and make use of for the getting of their Liveing by their Labour and Industry, but are or may be hindred from exerciseing those Trades in certaine Cittyes Corporations and other places but who may be within this Kingdome, because of certaine By Lawes and Customes of those places, and of a Statute made in the fifth yeare of the late Queene Elizabeth prohibiting the use of certaine Trades by any person that hath not served 5 Eli*, c.4.

as an [ Apprintice3] to such Trades by the space of seaven yeares, For remedy wherof And to the end that those

persons who were in a&uall Service under the comand of the said Captaine Generali on the five and twentyeth day of April in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty and were instrumentall to the happy restitution of the Kings Majesty unto his just right of Government as aforesaid, may not be deprived of a meanes of livelyhood May it please your Majestye that it may be Enacted And be it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestye and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority therof That all Soldier* under such Officers and Souldiers who were under the command of the said Captaine Generali on the said five and ^TApri°i66^ twentyeth day of April in the said yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty and have not since Ac. may exercise deserted the Service, or refused to take the severall Oathes of Supremacy and Allegience unto the Kings Majestye ^erred*tWr ttoe°*§ that now is, His Iieires and Successors, and that have heretofore used or exercised any Trade before that time, Apprentice*, &c.

or that were [[Apprindces *] to any Trade though they did not serve out the dme of their [Apprindship,4] or any other

person imployed as aforesaid under the command of the said Captaine Generali at the dme aforesaid that is apt and able to practise any Trade may sett up and exercise such severall and respective Trades Misteries or Occupations wherunto he or they have beene bound [Apprintise3] and served any part of his or their dme or any Handycraft or ocher Trade exercised about Manufactures though he was never bound [ Apprintise3] to the same in manner following (that is to say Such of them as have beene [Apprindces*] as aforesaid may sett up and exercise such severall and Those who base respective Trades wherunto he or they have beene soe bound [Apprindces*] as fully as if they had served out their toenjoy1ailli&f respective termes or times, for which they have beene bound, and shall have and enjoy the same Immunityes as thdr*

they should have had and enjoyed if they had served out their said termes or times. And all others of the said Time.

Officers and Souldiers may sett up and exercise such Trades [as3] they are apt and able for in the severall Townes and

Places within the severall and respective Countyes wherein they were borne without any suite lett or molestation

of any Person or Persons whatsoever for or by reason of the useing of such Trade. And if any such Officer or And in cue of

Officers Souldier or Souldiers shall be sued impleaded or indicted in any Court whatsoever within this Kingdome 1

for useing or exercising any such Trades as aforesaid, then the said Officer or Officers Souldier or Souldiers General Issue.

makeing it appeare to the same Court where they are soe sued impleaded or indicted that they have served the

Kings Majestye under the command of the said Captaine Generali as aforesaid, and that they have severally taken

the said Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance and have not since deserted the said Sendee shall upon the Generali

Issue pleaded be found not guilty in any Plaint Bill Information or Indictment exhibited against them and such

Persons who notwithstanding this Act shall prosecute their said Suite by Bill Plaint Information or Indictment, and

shall have a VerdiCfc passe against them or become Non suite therein, or discontinue their said Suite such Person or

Persons shall pay unto such Officer or Officers Souldier or Souldiers double costs of Suite to be recovered as any Double Con*.

Other costs at common Law may be recovered. And all Judges and Jurors before whom any such Suite Information or Indictment shall be brought, and all other persons whatsoever are to take notice of this present Act and shall conforme themselves thereunto, Any Statute Law Ordinance Custome or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided that noe Officer or Soldier shall have the benefit of this Act that shall not prove his Service as aforesaid either by a Certificate under the Hand and Seale of some Feild Officer and two Commission Officers of the Regiment Soldier may pro?* wherein he served, or some Generali Officer of the Army certifyeing his knowledge of the Service aforesaid, and the said Certificate to be proved by one Witnesse at least to be a true Certificate, or for default of such Certificate by the Oathes of two credible persons at least.

II.

How an Officer or

1 Annexed to the original Rules in a separate Schedule. 1 Apprentice O.

t Apprenticeship Q.

* Apprentices 0.

* 0. omits.

3 Q

12° Cab. II. c. 16, IT.

A.D. 1660.

Ilf.

£k]«A

nvooBug nue

Certifieatei. Imprisonment, &c.

IV.

Officers and Soldiers and other Tradesmen to bear Offices, &c. in Corporations, and labmit to Orders of Companies.

Roi. Pari. 12 C. II. p. 3. nu. i.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Certain ordained Ministers, having been in actual Possession, restored.

The King bound.

The next Avoidance to be in the rightful Patrons.

II.

Voluntary Resignations by Incumbent confirmed.

III.

The former Presentations, &c. shall make no Usurpation.

IV.

How the Persons to be restored are to be qualified.

The Time until when the present Incumbent shall stay in;

Provided alsoe that if any person or persons pretending themselves to have beene Officers or Soldiers within the qualifications aforesaid shall produce a false Certificate to the intent to have the benefit of this Act, and therof be convicted by confession or due proofe of Law shall suffer Imprisonment not exceeding six moneths, and to lose the benefit of this Act. Any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted that the said Officers and Soldiers in this Act mentioned and all other persons exercising or that shall exercise any Trade or Profession in any Citty or Corporation shall be lyeable to beare all Offices in the said respective Cittyes and Corporations, when by the said Cittyes and Corporations they shall be elected thereunto, and shall submit to such Orders of Corporations and Companyes for search of the well and true makeing of their Manufacture, as others free of the said Companies or Corporations are subject unto, Any L&w Usage or Custome to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XVH.

An Act for the Confirming and Restoreing of Ministers.

FORASMUCH as the confirming of some Ecclesiasticall persons and Ministers in possession and restoreing of others who have beene sequestred or ejected and are fitt to be restored in and to their severall Ecclesiasticall Benefices Liveings and Promotions without force or suite of Law will much conduce to the peace and welfaire of this Church and Kingdome. Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestic with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authorise of the same that every Ecclesiasticall person or Minister being Ordained by any Ecclesiasticall persons before the five and twentyeth day of December last past being of the age of sower and twenty yeares and haveing not renounced his Ordination, who hath beene formerly since the first day of January in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty two presented, nominated to, or placed in, and in actuall possession, and takeing the proffitts of any Ecclesiasticall Benefice Rectory Parsonage Viccarage Church Chappell Cure or other Ecclesiasticall promotion with cure of Soules within this Realme of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede which hath become void either by death, voluntary resignation or surrender or other avoydance to the Patron, or any other person pretending to have title to accepte of resignations since the said first day of January and before the said five and twentyeth day of December last past, and was on the said five and twentyeth day of December in possession and received the proffitts thereof being in the gifte donation, presentation collation or nomination of the Kings Majestie that now is, or of his late Royall Father King Charles the first in right of the Crowne, or by reason of Wardship or any other title, or of any Archbishop Bishop Deane, Deane and Chapter Prebend Archdeacon Body Pollitique or Corporate or of any other person or persons whatsoever other then such as are hereby restored shall be and is hereby declared adjudged and enacted to have beene be and continue the reall and lawfull Incumbent Parson Rector Viccar and possessor of the said Ecclesiasticall Benefices Liveings and Promotions respectively to all Intents and purposes whatsoever as if he or they had beene nominated presented collated admitted instituted and indufted thereunto or placed therein in due forme of Law and had read and subscribed the Articles according to the Statute in that case made and provided, and notwithstanding any other matter or thing by him or them done or ommitted to be done. And that as well against the Kings Majesde and against his Heires and Successors as against all and every other person and persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate whatsoever and their respective Successors Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes, Saveing to the Patrons and every of them their just right of patronage donation presentation collation or nomination upon the next avoidance of every such Ecclesiasticall person Minister or Incumbent hereby confirmed as is aforesaid in as full and ample manner as if this Act had not beene made.

And be it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that every voluntary surrender or resignation made by any Incumbent to the Patron of any Benefice, or to any late pretended powers since the said First day of January of any Ecclesiasticall Benefice or Promotion shall be adjudged as an effectuall avoidance of such Benefice or Promotion as if the same had beene made to the competent Ordinary and accepted by him.

And be it further Enacted that noe presentation, collation, or disposition aforesaid, nor confirmation by this Act of any Person or Minister in or to any Ecclesiasticall Benefices Liveings or Promotions aforesaid shall be construed or adjudged to amount to any usurpation in Law to the prejudice of any person or persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate who have or shall have right to present therunto upon the said avoidance.

And be it further Enacted that every Ecclesiasticall Person or Minister formerly sequestred or ejected dispossest and kepte out after lawfull presentation and perception of the proffitts of any of the said Ecclesiasticall Benefices Liveings or Promotions which hath not subscribed any Petition to bring the late King Charles of blessed memory to tryall, or which hath not by writeing preaching printing or any other open Act procured endeavoured, or justified the number of the said late King, or which hath not by preaching printing writeing or constant refusall to Baptize declared his judgement to be against Infant baptisme shall be restored to the same and to the possession thereof at or before the Five and twentyeth day of December next ensueing. And that every Ecclesiasticall person aforesaid who shall be removed shall or may enjoy the Tythes Profits Dutyes Gleebe and Houses therunto belonging untill the said Five and twentyeth day of December next ensueing, and shall then upon such removall peaceably leave, or yeild up the possession thereof, and shall alsoe give his penall Bond to

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 17.

243

the person or Minister soe to be restored to render to him his executors administrators and assignee the full

moyede of the deare proffitts and Tythes or the value thereof (to be ascertained by the Commissioners hereafter

appointed under their hands) from Michaelmas last past to Michaelmas next ensueing, (all Taxes and other requisite charges and expences first dedu&ed and allowed before the removall of the Goods of the person or Minister soe to be removed) or the Tythes or other proffitts from the same at or upon the said Five and twentyeth day of December And the said person or Minister soe to be removed upon his quitting the possession at the time aforesaid shall be and is hereby absolutely discharged and acquitted from all Tythes and proffits received, and all and every arreares thereof, other then the moyede of the proffitts and Tythes secured by Bonds aforesaid before

and untill the said Feast of Saint Michaell next ensueing against the person or Minister soe restored his executors

administrators and assignes and against all other person or persons whatsoever.

Provided alwayes that every minister not scandalous ignorant or insufficient as aforesaid befog proved as aforesaid heretofore sequestred or ejeded out of two or more Ecclesiasdcall Benefices or Livefogs with cure of Soules shall be restored to one of them, and noe more at his Election except where he hath formerly resigned or surrendred any of the said Benefices or Livefogs and therupon the right Patron or any other in his right hath presented collated nominated placed or putt into the same any other Incumbent or Minister as aforesaid in which case the said sequestred or ejeded Minister shall not be restored to such Benefice or Livefog soe resigned or surrendred as aforesaid

Provided alsoe by the Authoride aforesaid that every Minister who by vertue of this Act is confirmed in any Ecclesiasdcall Benefice or Livefog with cure of Soules which shall have more then one Ecclesiasdcall Benefice or Livefog with cure of Soules shall hold and enjoy onely one of them and noe more at his Election, except where he hath formerly resigned or surrendred any of the said Benefices or Livefogs and therupon the right Patron or any other in his right hath presented collated nominated placed or putt into the same any other Incumbent or Minister as aforesaid in which case the Minister soe to be confirmed shall and may retaine and keepe the Benefice or Livefog which he hath not soe resigned or surrendred as aforesaid.

And bee it likewise Enacted that where the Person or Minister formerly sequestred or ejeded shall declare his consent in writefog before the Commissioners appointed by this Act that the present Possessor befog not scandalous ignorant or insufficient shall be and continue in such sequestred Benefice Livefog or Promotion that in such case the present Possessor shall be hereby setled and confirmed therin as the sole and rightfull Incumbent [and Possessor'] therof to all intents and purposes Any former Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding And that every Person or Minister who shall be removed by this Act shall pay all Tenthes not pardoned, and repair or make satisfaction for all wilfull or negligent Dilapidations made or suffered by him of, in or upon the premisses or any of them since the twenty ninth of September last, And shall likewise pay or satisfie all Fifthes or any other summe in lieu of Fifths which were in arreare or unpaid at the Feast of Saint Michaell the Archangell last past due or payable by him, by any order or orders not reversed of any Committees or Commissioners formerly appointed and authorized by any pretended authoritie or authorities whatsoever to grant and sett out the same, or otherwise pay or satisfie all arreares then due of any summe or summes of money payable by agreement of the partyes and not since quitted by like Agreement, the same to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, For payment wherof the Minister soe to be removed before his removall shall alsoe give his penall Bond or Bonds unto the Minister to be restored to pay the same before the Five and twentyeth of December next, And if he shall refuse to give such Bond or Bonds as aforesaid for the payment therof, that then the Minister soe to be restored shall be and is hereby enabled to bring an Action of Debt at the Common Law for the said arreares, and shall recover over and above the said Debt the full value in Damages besides costs of Suite

And it is further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that every Ecclesiasticall Person or Minister now in possession of any Ecclesiasticall Benefice Livefog or Promotion which shall continue and be setled therin by vertue of this Act shall pay all such arreares of Fifths or other summes of money in lieu therof due or payable by him by any such order or orders or agreement as aforesaid, [Or to Master Honywood Parson of Kegworth in Leicestershire who hath beene beyond Sea since the said First of January One thousand six hundred forty two who hath therefore had noe order nor agreement for his Fifths*] as have accrewed due or payable out of such Ecclesiasticall Benefice Livefog or Promotion durefog such time as he hath beene possessed therof to such Person or Minister as hath beene formerly ejeded or sequestred out of the same.

And whereas diverse Fifths or summes of money in lieu therof are in arreare and unpaid by such as have beene formerly possessed of Sequestred Livefogs It is further enacted by Authoritie aforesaid that every Ecclesiasticall Person or Minister now livefog, or the Executors or Administrators of every Ecclesiasticall Person or Minister deceased to whom any fifths or summes of money in lieu therof are or were due or payable by any such order or agreement or to the said [Master3] Honywood as aforesaid and are yet in arreare shall have the said Fifths or summes of money in arreare as aforesaid paid unto them respectively, And they are hereby respectively enabled to recover the same by Adkm of Debt at the Common Law to be brought against every such person or Minister who ought to have paid the same by vertue of any such order or agreement or to the said [Master1] Honywood as aforesaid durefog the respective possession of such Ecclesiasticall Benefice Livefog or Promotion of or for which the

to gm Bowl oo npkonl to pty moiety of rrofits of Living to restored Minister.

Discharge to Minister removed.

V.

No Minister to be restored to above one Beoefice.

Exception.

VL

Further Provision on the above Head.

VII.

The Party to be restored may confirm the present Possessor's Right.

Party removed to pay Tenths, and answer for Dilapidations;

and pay Filths, or money in lieu thereof.

Bond for the same, and on refusal, Action for Minister retored.

VIII. Proviso for Arrears of Fifths, or Mooey in lieu thereof.

Proviso as to Parson Honywood.

IX.

Persons to whom arrears of Fifths due, or their representatives, or Parson Honywood, enabled to recover the same by Action of Debt.

1 interlined on the Roll.

• annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * Mr 0.

244

12° Car. II. c. 17.

A.D. 1660.

Proviso for former Payments.

X.

Persons removed from Livings enabled to bold mesne Profits already received, and to recover Arrears.

XI.

Persons having Benefice, &c. who have petitioned to bring the late King to Trial, Scc. not to remain, and Patron may present.

XII. Justices of Peace dwelling next to the Living, appointed Commissioners to execute this Act without further Suit.

All former Suits made void.

XIII. Certain Leases made by former Ministers confirmed. Exception.

XIV. Ministers refused to be approved by the pretended Approvers settled in their Churches.

Proviso.

said Fifths or summes of money in lieu thereof were or ought to have beene or to be paid, in all which Actions noe Essoygne Wager of Law or protection shall be allowed And that noe person to whom Fifths have beene formerly paid shall be hereafter questioned for the same.

And be it alsoe Enacted That every such Ecdesiasticall Person or Minister that is or shall be by vertue of this Act removed out of or confirmed in any such Benefice Liveing or Promotion which now is, or hath beene possessed as aforesaid his or their Executors Administrators and Assignes shall be and is respectively enabled to have hold and enjoy all the meane proffitts already received and to receive recover collect or compound for, and enjoy all and every the areares of Tythes profits or dutyes thereunto belonging, or which shall belong therunto incurred dureing such time as he was so possessor thereof, and before or untill the Feast of Saint Michael! the

Archangell now next ensueing, and to sue for the same in any Court of Common Law or Equity as if he or

they had beene and were the true and lawfull Incumbent or Possessor of such aforesaid Ecdesiasticall Benefice Liveing or Promotion,

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Minister or other such Ecdesiasticall Person as aforesaid haverng any Ecdesiasticall Benefice or Liveing with Cure of Soules who is before in and by this Act declared adjudged and enacted to continue the reall and lawfull Incumbent thereof which hath petitioned to bring the late King Charles of blessed memory to Tryall, or which hath by writeing preaching printing or any other open Ad procured endeavoured [or1] justified the murder of the late King, or which hath by preaching

printing writeing or constant refusall to baptize declared his judgement to be against Infant bapdsme, that then

such Minister or other Ecdesiasticall person shall not remaine continue and be or be taken to be the reall and lawfull Incumbent of the Ecdesiasticall Benefice or Liveing, but the same shall become and is hereby declared to be void to all intents and purposes as if the said Minister or other Ecdesiasticall Person were dead, and that the Patron who hath the next and immediate right to present unto the same shall and may present unto the said Ecdesiasticall Benefice or Liveing as in case of vacancy or avoidance by death of the Incumbent. Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

And it is further Enacted That the persons in Commission of the Peace in the severall Countyes of this Realme the Dominion of Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede on the first day of September One thousand six hundred and sixtie within their respective County es Limitts and Precincts or any Five or more of them liveing or dwelling next to the Church or Liveing to which any [such'] Person or Minister is to be restored, or from which any such Person or Minister is to be removed and who are noe wayes interested as patrons or party es in the Patronage, or Tithes of the said Church or Liveing or any part thereof shall be and are hereby constituted appointed and authorized to be Commissioners to execute all and singular the Powers and Authorityes hereby granted within their respective Countyes and Precincts for and concerning the removeing and restoreing of such Persons and Ministers as aforesaid, and all other the premisses, And finally to determine all differences touching the same untill the Five and twentyeth of December next, And that all Suites and Actions in Law or Equity, and all proceedings and verdiCls thereupon had or to be had for, touching or concerning the premisses or any of them shall be, and are hereby stayed barred annulled and avoided.

Provided alwayes and be it Enacted That all Grants and Leases made for a valueable consideration paid or given of any Copyhold or Freehold Lands belonging to any Sequestred Liveing or Redory (excepting the Glebe and Tythes) for three Lives or Twenty one yeares according to former usage wherein the auntient Rent is reserved made by any Minister or Ecdesiasticall person possessed of the said Redory or Liveing by any reall or pretended Authority before the five and twentyeth of December One thousand six hundred fifty nine shall continue as good and effectuall in Law to all Intents against the Ejeded and Sequestred Incumbent to be restored and all others as if they had beene made by the proper Incumbent.

Provided alwayes and be it further Enacted That if any rightfull Patron hath heretofore presented his Clerke to any Benefice with Cure of Soules being then void unto those persons who were stiled Commissioners for approbation of publique preachers sitting at Whitehall or the Committee for plundred Ministers who sate in the yeare One thousand six hundred fifty and nine, and the same Clerke soe presented was refused to be admitted without any lawfull cause That then such Clerke shall be taken and is hereby Enacted to be [the1] perfect Incumbent of such Benefice to all intents and purposes Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding Unlesse such Patron have since presented another Clerke to such Benefice who is now possessed thereof, or unlesse such Clerke soe presented and refused as aforesaid be since presented to, and setled in some other Benefice.

XV. Provided that this Act nor any thing therein contayned shall not extend or be construed to confirme or

wW^dcscrted^bcir continue any person in any Benefice or Ecdesiasticall Liveing or Preferment which hath since the said Five and Lfriogi. twentyeth day of December last voluntarily yeilded up & left the possession of the said Benefice or Ecdesiasticall

Liveing or Preferment and is still out of possession thereof, or which by any writeing executed under his Hand and Seale hath agreed to yeild up and leave the possession thereof.

XVI.

Agreements made respedin^ Fifths

Provided alsoe and it is hereby declared That where there hath beene any agreement betweene the persons concerned in this Act for the acquittall of the Minister who ought to have paid Fifths of and from the same or any part therof That in such case noe Fifths or satisfaction for Fifths shall be claimed or paid contrary to the said agreement.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 17.

245

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That all and every person and persons who have paid or satisfied by XVII. composition or otherwise any Tythes Pensions Oblations Obventions Rents or other Ecclesiasticall Dutyes belonging thr

to any Redory Viccaridge or other Ecclesiasdcall Benefice or Promotion to any person or persons being in pi^f°^fOMcaaort pomrrtiion or receiving the proffitts thereof by colour or pretence of any Authoritie or to their Assignee or any others claiming from by or under them shall be and are hereby discharged of and from the same Tythes Pensions Oblations Obventions Rents and other Ecclesiastical! Dutyes against all and every person and persons whatsoever,

Provided aQwayes That neither this Act nor any thing herein contained shall extend to confirme or establish the possession of the Redory of Ewelme in the County of Oxon with Thomas Cole or any other person or persons, who have lately by vertue of any pretended Title entered info the same, But that the said Redory be restored to Robert Saunderson Doctor in Divinity and Regius Professor in the University of Oxon to be enjoyed by him and his Successors according to a Grant made thereof by the late King James unto the Regius [Proversor1] of Divinity for the time being and his Successors for ever,

XVIII. Proviso as to Ewelme Redory.

Provided alsoe that noething herein contained shall confirme or establish the Possession of the Redory of Somersham in the County of Huntington with any person who hath by vertue of any pretended Title entered into the same, But that the said Redory be restored to Doctor Anthony Tuckney the present Regius Professor of Divinity in the University of Cambridge to be enjoyed by him and his Successors according to a former Grant therof made unto the Regius Professor of Divinity for the time being and his Successors for ever. Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XIX. Proviso as to Somersham Redory.

Provided [alwayes*] that this Act or any thing therin contained shall not extend to confirme or restore any Ecclesiasticall Person or Minister in or to any Benefice Liveing or Ecclesiasticall Promotion that shall refuse to take the Oathes of Alleigiance & Supremacy being tendered unto such Ecclesiasticall Person or Minister by the said Commissioners or any three of them, which said Commissioners and every three of them are hereby enabled and enjoyned to Administer the said Oathes accordingly

Provided alwayes and be it enacted that this Act or any thing herein contained shall not prejudice the Title of any person or persons to any Ecclesiasticall Liveing Benefice or Promotion with cure of Soules in this Act mentioned who have beene and shall be presented to such Benefice or Promotion by his Majestye under the Great Seale of England betweene the first day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty and the Ninth of September in the same yeare, but that such Presentees soe presented by his Majesty as aforesaid shall and may from and after the said Twenty ninth day of September enjoy the same Benefices and Promotions respectively as if this Act had not beene made.

Neverthelesse it is Declared and Enacted that such persons as upn the Twenty fifth day of December One thousand six hundred fifty nine were the possessors of such Benefices or Promotions shall not be charged by such Presentees of his Majestie with or for any proffitts by them or any of them received before the [said1] twenty nineth day of September but shall hold and enjoy the proffitts of such Benefices and Promotions respectively untill the said twenty ninth day of September.

Provided alsoe that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to confirme any person in the Viccaridge of Kidlington in the County of Oxford But that the said Viccaridge shall remaine as formerly annexed to the Redorship of Exeter Colledge in Oxford, Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

Provided alsoe that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to confirme any person in the Redory of Garsmgton in the County of Oxford but that the said Redory shall remaine as formerly annexed to the Presidentship of Trinity Colledge in Oxford, Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe that this Act or any thing therein contayned shall not extend to confirme any person in the

Redory of Castor in the County of Northampton but that the said Redory shall remaine as formerly annexed to the Bishoprick of Peterborough Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to confirme any person in the

Vkaridge of Cudsden in the County of Oxford but that the said Vicaridge shall remaine as formerly annexed to the Bishopricke of Oxford, Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

Provided alwayes that this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to the confirming or setleing any person in a Liveing that hath malitiously printed any Treatise, or preached against his Majestye that now is, his Right or Succession to the Crownes of these Realmes soe as the same be proved by the Oathes of two credible Witnesses before the Commissioners appointed by this Act (who have hereby power to administer the same) and soe adjudged by the said Commissioners before the Five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and six tie.

Provided alsoe That if any Minister who shall by this Act be adjudged to be removed shall not give up the pci—cation according to the Order of the said Commissioners then the said Commissioners or any Five of them shall grant their Warrant to the Sheriffe of the County to put such person adjudged to be restored into possession according to the true intent and meaning of this Act, which said Sheriffe shall execute the same accordingly and in default of such Warrant the Sheriffe of the County for the time being shall be, and is hereby enabled and required to give possession accordingly.

XX.

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy to be taken by Persons restored.

XXI. Proviso for Presentations under the Great SeaL

XXII. Proviso for Possessor* of Livings on aytn Dec. 16C9 as to Charge for Profits received before 29th Sept. 1660.

XXIII. Proviso for Kidlington Vicarage.

XXIV.

Garsington

Redory.

XXV. Castor Redory.

XXVI. Cudsden Vicarage.

XXVII. Persons having printed or preached against the King's Right to the Crown not to be restored.

XXVIII. Sheriff to give Possession to restored Ministers.

3»

12° Car. II. c. 17, 18.

A.D. 1660.

xrvin.

None to be restored who with Arms opposed the Restontion and a free Parliament.

XXIX. Proviso for A Aon ReAory.

XXX. Proviso for Peers presenting within Six Months from ist Sept. 146a

XXXI. Proviso for Presentees by the King before 9th Sept. 166a

Protidxd That this Act shall not extend or be construed to confirme any Ecclesiasticall person that did appeare in Arms and march in a Troope in opposition to the intended restoring of his Majestie and a free Parliament since the First day of August in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred fifty and nine soe as the same be proved by the Oathes of two credible Witnesses before the Commissioners appointed by this Act (who have hereby power to administer the same) and soe adjudged by the said Commissioners before the Five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and sixty.

[Provided alsoe that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to confirme any person in the Redory of Adon in the County of Midlesex, which Redory his Majesde before the Six and twenty eth day of August hath granted under his Signe Manuall to one of his Chaplins.

And lastly it is Declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid that all and every the Peeres of this Realms according to their severall and respective Titles and Interests may at any dme or times within the space of six Kalender moneths from the First day of September in this present yeare One thousand six hundred and sixty present and nominate their respective Clerke or Clerks unto any Ecclesiasdcall Benefices Liveings or Promotions of their respective Patronages, or whereunto they had right or ride to present or nominate at any time since ths First of January One thousand six hundred forty two, And that the said Presentees shall be thereupon admitted instituted and inducted, and after have and enjoy and sue for and recover the possession, and from thenceforth take the whole and entire profits of the said Benefices Liveings and Promotions, and shall be accounted and shall be full and perfect Incumbents of the same to all intents and purposes as fully and amply as if they had beene presented and placed therein within six moneths next after the first Avoydances notwithstanding any Lapse or other Title by reason of Lapse incurred or devolved to his late Majesty, or to the Kings Majesty that now is, or to any other person or persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate, Any thing in this present Act or otherwise to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided that such Presentees as have beene or shall be presented by his Majesty as aforesaid before the said Nineth day of September in this present yeare One thousand six hundred and sixty by Title of Lapse or otherwise as aforesaid shall [or1] may enjoy the same Benefices and Promotions respectively, the last mentioned Clause or any other thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. *]

Rot. Pari 12 C. 1L

p‘ 2. ft*. 6.

No Goods shall be imported to or exported fromAsia, Africa, or America, but in English Ships, and Master and Three-fourths of Mariners English.

Penalty.

Admirals, &c. empowered to seize and bring in as Prize all Snips offending.

Proceedings in case of Condemnation.

n.

Aliens exercising the Occupation of Merchants or FaAors in Plantations. Penalty.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Act for the Encourageing and increasing of Shipping and Navigation.

FOR the increase of Shiping and incouragement of the Navigation of this Nation, wherin under the good providence and protection of God the Wealth Safety and Strength of this Kingdome is soe much concerned Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty and by the Lords and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and the Authoritie therof That from and after the First day of December One thousand six hundred and sixty and from thence forward noe Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be Imported into or Exported out of any Lands Islelands Plantations or Territories to his Majesty belonging or in his possession or which may hereafter belong unto or be in the possession of His Majesty His Heires and Successors in Asia Africa or America in any other Ship or Ships Vessell or Vessells whatsoever but in such Ships or Vessells as doe truely and without fraude belong onely to the people of England or Ireland Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, or are of the built of, and belonging to any of the said Lands Islands Plantations or Territories as the Proprietors and right Owners therof and wherof the Master and three fourthes of the Marriners at least are English under the penalty of the Forfeiture and Losse of all the Goods and Commodityes which shall be Imported into, or Exported out of, any the aforesaid places in any other Ship or Vessell, as alsoe of the Ship or Vessell with all its Guns Furniture Tackle Ammunition and Apparell, one third part thereof to his Majesty his Heires and Successors, one third part to the Govemour of such Land Plantation Island or Territory where such default shall be commited in case the said Ship or Goods be there seised, or otherwise that third part alsoe to his Majesty his Heires and Successors, and the other third part to him or them who shall Seize Informe or sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bill Information Plaint or other Action wherin noe Essoigne ProteCHon or Wager of Law shall be allowed, And all Admiralls and other Commanders at Sea of any the Ships of War or other Ship haveing Comission from His Majesty or from his Heires or Successors are hereby authorized and strictly required to seize and bring in as prize all such Ships or Vessells as shall have offended contrary hereunto and deliver them to the Court of Admiralty there to be proceeded against and in case of condemnation one moyety of such Forfeitures shall be to the use of such Admiralls or Commanders and their Companies to be divided and proportioned amongst them according to the Rules and Orders of the Sea in [cases3] of Ships taken prize, and the other moyety to the use of his Majesty his Heires and Successors.

And be it Enabled that noe Alien or person not borne within the Allegiance of Our Soveraigne Lord the King his Heires and Successors or Naturalized or made a free Denizen shall from and after the First day of February which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty one exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or Factor in any the said places upon paine of the forfeiture and losse of all his Goods and

1 and 0.

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* Case 0.

A.D. 1660.

12° Cab. II. c. 18.

247

Chattcb, or which are in his possession, one third to his Majesty his Heires and Successors, one third to the Governour of the Plantation where such person shall soe offend, and the other third to him or them that shall informe or sue for the same in any of his Majestyes Courts in the Plantation where such offence shall be

committed, And all Governours of the said Lands Island? Plantations or Territories and every of them are hereby

strictly required and commanded and all who hereafter shall be made Governours of any such Island? Plantations or Territories by his Majesty his Heires or Successors shall before their entrance into their Government take a •olemne Oath to doe their utmost that every the aforementioned clauses and all the matters and things therm contained be punctually and bona fide observed according to the true intent and meaning therof. And upon complaint and proofe made before his Majesty his Heires or Successors, or such as shall be by him or them therunto authorized and appointed that any the said Governours have beene willingly and wittingly negligent in doeing their Duty accordingly, that the said Governour soe offending shall be removed from his Government*

And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid that noe Good? or Commodityes whatsoever of the growth production or manufacture of Africa Asia or America or of any part therof, or which are discribed or laid downe in the usuall Maps or Card? of those places be Imported into England Ireland or Wales Island? of Guernsey or

Jersey or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede in any other Ship or Ships Vessell or Vessels whatsoever, but in such

as doe truely and without fraude belong onely to the people of England or Ireland, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or of the Land? Island? Plantations or Territories in Asia Africa or America to his Majesty belonging as the proprietors and right owners therof, and wherof the Master and three fourthes at least of the Mariners are English under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such Good? and Commodityes, and of the Ship or Vessell in which they were Imported with all her Guns Tackle Furniture Ammunition and Apparell, one moyety to his Majesty his Heires and Successors, and the other moyety to him or them whoe shall Seize Informe or Sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bill Information Plaint or other Action wherin noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed.

And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid that noe Good? or Commodityes that are of forraigne growth production or manufacture and which are to be brought into England Ireland Wales, the Island? of Guernsey & Jersey or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede in English built shiping, or other shiping belonging to some of the aforesaid places, and navigated by English Mariners as abovesaid shall be shiped or brought from any other place or Places, Country or Countries but onely from those of their said Growth Production or Manufacture, or from those Ports where the said Good? and Commodityes can onely or are or usually have beene first shiped for transportation and from none other Places or Countryes under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such of the aforesaid Good? as shall be Imported from any other place or Country contrary to the true intent and meaning

hereof, as alsoe of the ship in which they were imported with all her Guns Furniture Ammunition Tackle and

Apparel, one Moyety to His Majesty His Heires and Successors and the other Moyety to him or them that shall seize informe or sue for the same in any Court of Record to be recovered as is before exprest,

And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That any sort of Ling Stockefish Pilchard, or any other kinde of dryed or salted fish usually fished for and caught by the people of England Ireland Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, or any sort of Codfish or Herring, or any Oyle or Blubber made or that shall be made of any kinde of Fish whatsoever, or any Whale fines or Whale bones which shall be imported into England

Ireland Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede not haveing beene caught in Vessels truely and properly

belonging therunto as Proprietors and right Owners therof and the said Fish cured saved or dryed, and the Oyle and Blubber aforesaid (which shall be accompted and pay as oyle) not mhde by the people thereof, and shall be imported into England Ireland or Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede shall pay double Aliens custome.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from henceforth it shall not be lawfull to any person or persons whatsoever to Load or cause to be Loaden and carryed in any Bottome or Bottomes Ship or Ships Vessell or Vessels whatsoever wherof any Stranger or Strangers borne (unlesse such as [shall1] bee Denizens or Naturalized) be Owners part Owners or Master and wherof three Fourthes of the Mariners at least shall not be English any Hah Victuall Wares Good? Commodityes or [Good?1] of what kinde or Nature soever the same shall be from one Port or Creeke of England Ireland Wales Island? of Guernsey or Jersey or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede to another Port or Creeke of the same or of any of them under penalty for every one that shall offend contrary to the true meaning of this branch of this present Act to forfeit all such good? as shall be loaden and carryed in any such Ship or Vessell together with the Ship or Vessell and all her Guns Ammunition Tackle Furniture and Apparel, one moyety to His Majesty His Heires and Successors and the other moyety to him or them that shall Informe

Seize or Sue for the same in any Court of Record to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That where any Ease Abatement or Priviledge is given in the Booke of Rates to good? or Commodityes imported or exported in English built Shiping that is to say shiping buik in England Ireland Wales Island? of Guernsey or Jersey or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, or in any the Land? Island? Dominions or Territories to His Majesty in Africa Asia or America belonging or in his possession. That [it*] is alwayes to be understood and provided that the Master and three fourthes of the Mariners of the said

Ships at least be alsoe English, And that where it is required that the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners

be English that the true intent and meaning therof is that they should be such dureing the whole Voyage unlesse in case of Sicknesse Death or being taken Prisoners in the Voyage to be proved by the Oath of the Master or ocher cheife Officer of such Ships

1 0. omits. * Things O. 3 interlined on the Roil.

Governors of Plantations to take Oath to perform the aforementiooed Clauses.

Negle&tag so to do, removed.

III.

Goods of Africa, Asia, or America not to be imported but in English Ships, and manned as aforesaid.

Penalty.

IV.

Goods of foreign Growth or Manufacture to be imported only from the Places of their said Growth,

or from those Ports where they have been usually first shipped.

Penalty.

V.

All ling, Stock Fish, &c. OH, See. Whalefins, See. imported, not caught in Vessels of roe Proprietors themselves, Ate, shall pay double Aliens Custom.

VI.

No Goods to be carried from ooe Port of England to another in the Vessel of any Alien.

Exception,

Penalty.

VII. Abatement, &c. in the Book of Rates allowed only where the Master and Three Fourths of the Mariners be English.

12° Car. II. c. 18.

A.D.X660.

VIII.

Goods of the Growth or Manu-failure of Muscovy or Russia, and of the Turkish Empire, and other Goods herein mentioned, to be imported in English Ships, and manned as aforesaid.

Exception.

Penalty.

It.

What Goods deemed Aliens' Goods, and pay Aliens’ Duties.

X.

In what Case and by What Means Foreign-built Ships shall be deemed English Ships.

Oath of Purchase of such Ship for a valuable Consideration, and other Particulars.

On Oath taken, Certificate under Hand and Seal of Officer.

Officer to keep Register of Certificates, and return Duplicates to Customs in London.

XI. Officers of the Customs allowing Privilege to any Foreign-built Ship until Certificate or Proof, &c.

And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Goods or Commodityes of the Growth Production or Manufacture of Muscovy or of any the Countryes Dominions or Territories to the Great Duke or Emporer of Muscovia or Russia belonging, As alsoe that noe sorts of Masts Timber or boardf noe forraigne Salt Pitch Tar Rozin Hempe or Flax Raizins Figs Prunes Olive Oyles noe [sorti] of Come or Graine Sugar Pot-ashes Wines Vinegar or Spirits called Aqua-vite or Brandy Wine shall from and after the First day of Aprill which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty one be imported into England Ireland Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede in any Ship or Ships Vessel or Vessels whatsoever but in such as doe truely and without fraude belong to the people therof or of some of them as the true Owners and proprietors therof, and wherof the Master and Three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English, and that noe Currants, nor Commodityes of the growth production or Manufacture of any the Countryes Islands Dominions or Territories to the Othoman or Turkish Empire belonging shall from and after the first day of September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty one be imported into any the forementioned places in any Ship or Vessel, but which is of English built and navigated as aforesaid and in noe other, except onely such forraigne ships and vessels as are of the built of that Country or place of which the said Goods are the growth production or Manufacture respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods can onely be or most usually are first shiped for transportation, and wherof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are of the said Country [[and1] place under the penalty and forfeiture of Ship and Goods to be disposed and recovered as in the foregoeing Clause.

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the prevention of the great fraudf dayly used in colouring and concealing of Aliens Goods all Wines of the growth of France or Germany which [from &3] after the twentyeth day of October One thousand six hundred sixty shall be Imported into any the Ports or places aforesaid in any other Ship or Vessel then which doth truely and without fraude belong to England Ireland Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and navigated with the Marriners therof as aforesaid shall be deemed Aliens goods and pay all Strangers Customes and dutyes to His Majestye His Heires and Successors, as alsoe to the Towne or Port into which they shall be imported, And that all sorts of Masts Timber or Boardf, as alsoe all forraine Salt Pitch Tar Rozin Hempe Flax Raizins Figs Prunes Olive Oyles all sorts of Come or Grane, Sugar Pot-ashes Spirits commonly called Brandy Wine or Aqua vite Wines of the growth of Spaine the Islands of the Canaries or Portugall Madera or Westeme Islands and all goods of the growth Production or Manufacture of Muscovia or Russia which from and after the first day of April which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One

thousand six hundred sixty one shall be imported into any of the aforesaid places in any other then such shiping,

and soe navigated and all Currants and Turky Commodityes which from and after the first day of September One

thousand six hundred sixty one shall be Imported into any the places aforesaid in any other then English built

shiping and Navigated as aforesaid shall be deemed Aliens Goods and pay accordingly to his Majesty his Heires and Successors and to the Towne or Port into which they shall be imported.

And for prevention of all Fraudf which may be used in colouring or buying of Forraine Ships Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid And it is hereby Enacted That from and after the first day of April which shal be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty one noe Foraine built ship or Vessell whatsoever shall be deemed or passe as a ship to England Ireland Wales or Towne of Berwicke or any of them belonging or enjoy the benefit or priviledge of such a Ship or Vessel, until such time that he or they claiming the said Ship or Vessel to be theirs shal make appeare to the cheife Officer or Officers of the Customes in the Port next to the place of his or their

aboade that he or they are not Aliens, and shall have taken an Oath before such cheife Officer or Officers who

are hereby Authorised to administer the same. That such Ship or Vessel was bona fide and without fraude by him or them bought for a valueable consideration expressing the summe as alsoe the time place and persons from whom it was bought and who are his Partowners (if he have any) all which Partowners shall be lyeable to take the said Oath before the cheife Officer or Officers of the Custome house of the Port next to the place of their aboade, and that noe Forainer directly or indirectly hath any part interest or share therm, and that upon such Oath he or they shall receive a Certificate under the Hand or Seale of the said cheife Officer or Officers of the Port where such Person or Persons soe making Oath doe reside, wherby such Ship or Vessel may for the future passe and be deemed as a Ship belonging to the said Port and enjoy the priviledge of such a Ship or Vessell,

And the said Officer or Officers shall keepe a Register of all such Certificates as he or they shall soe give and

returne a Duplicate therof to the cheife Officers of the Customes at London for such as shall be granted in England Wales and Berwicke and to the cheife Officers of the Customes at Dublin for such as shall be given in Ireland, together with the Names of the person or persons from whom such Ship was bought and the summe of money which was paid for her as alsoe the Names of all such persons who are part owners of her if any such be.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any [Officers4] of the Customes shall from and after the (1) first day of April allow the priviledge of being a Ship or Vessel to England Ireland Wales or Towne of Berwicke or any of them belonging to any Forraigne built Ship or Vessel, untill such Certificate be before them produced, or such Proofe and Oath taken before them or if any Officer of the Customes shall allow the priviledge of an English built ship or other Ship to any the aforesaid places belonging to any English or Forraine built Ship comeing into any Port and makeing Entry of any Goods untill Examination whether the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners be English, or shall allow to any Foraigne built Ship bringing in the Commodities of the Growth of the Country where it was built the priviledge by this Act to such Ship given untill Examination

A.D. 1660.

249

12° Car. II. c. 18.

and Proofe whether it be a ship of the built of that Country, and that the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners are of that Country, or if any Person who is or shall be made Govemour of any Lands Islands Governors of Plantations or Territories in Africa Asia or America by his Majesty His Hares or Successors shall suffer any Forraine Foreigii-

built Ship or Vessell to load or unload any Goods or Commodityes within the Precincts of their Governments built Ships to load, untill such Certificate be produced before them, or such as shall be by them appointed to view the same, and Certificate j Examination whether the Master and three Fourthes of the Mariners at least be English, that for the first offence Penalty, such Officer of the Customes and Govemours shall be put out of their places Offices or Governments.

Provided alwayes That this Att or any thing therin contained extend not, or be meant to restraine and prohibite the Importation of any the Commodityes of the Straights or Levant Seas loaden in English built shipping of the Streighti or & whereof the Master & three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English from the usuall Ports or Places for lading of them heretofore within the said Straights or Levant Seas though the said Commodityes be not of the very growth of the said places.

Provided alsoe That this Act or any thing therin contained extend not or be meant to restraine the Importing ProTi|oXf^1, of any East India Commodityes loaden in English built shipping, and wherof the Master and three Fourths of Importation of East the Mariners at least are English from the usuall place or places for lading of them in any part of those Seas Cor^oditie* to the South-Ward and Eastward of Cabo bona Esperanza although the Ports be not the very places of their growth.

Provided alsoe That it shall and may bee lawful to and for any [of] the people of England Ireland Wales . XIVQoodf Islands of Guernsey or Jersey or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede in Vessels or Ships to them belonging, and imported from wherof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English to load and bring in from any of the Ports of Spaine or Portugall, or Westeme Islands commonly called Azores or Madera or Canary Islands all sorts or Canary Islands, of Goods or Commodityes of the Growth Production or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of either of them respectively.

Provided That this Act or any thing therin contained extend not to Bullion nor yet to any Goods taken ^ . xv*

. . - P • || * a ot • ii • i i t i i Proviso for Bouton}

or (1) that shall be bona fide taken by way ot Reprisall by any Ship or Ships belonging to England Ireland or and Good* taken Wales Islands of Guernsey or Jersey or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and wherof the Master and three by way of Reprisal. Fourths of the Mariners at least are English haveing Commission from His Majestie his Heires [and5] Successors.

Provided alwayes That this Act, or any thing therin contained shall not extend or be construed to extend ^ . XVI. to lay Aliens dutyes upon any Come of the growth of Scotland, or to any Salt made in Scotland, nor to any Cor^SahTand^ Fish caught saved and cured by the People of Scotland, and Imported directly from Scotland in Scotch built Fish of Scotland; Ships, and wherof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners are of His Majestyes Subjects, nor to any Seale and for Seal Oil Oyle of Russia Imported from thence into England Ireland Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede in shiping °* bona fide to some of the said places belonging, and wherof the Master and three Fourths of the Mariners at least are English.

Provided alsoe and it is hereby Enacted That every Ship or Vessell belonging to any the Subjects of the French King which from and after the twentyeth day of October in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred [&4] sixty shall come into any Port Creeke Harbour or Roade of England Ireland Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, and shall there [laid5] or unlade any goods or Commodityes, or take in or sett on shore any Passengers shall pay to the Collector of His Majesties Customes in such Port Creeke Harbour or Roade for every Tun of which the said Ship or Vessell is of burthen to be computed by such Officer of the Customes as shall be therunto appointed the summe of five shillings currant money of England, And that noe such Ship or Vessell be suffered to depart out of such Port Creeke Harbour or Roade untill the said Duty be fully paid.

And that this Duty shall continue to be collected leavyed and paid for such time as a certaine Duty of Fifty Solis per Tun lately imposed by the French King or any part therof shall continue to be Collected upon the duping of England lading in France and three moneths after and noe longer.

And it is further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the first day of Aprill which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty one noe Sugars Tobaccho Cotton Wool Indicoes Ginger Fustick or other dyeing wood of the Growth Produdrion or Manufacture of any English Plantations in America Asia or Africa shall be shiped carryed conveyed or transported from any of the said English Plantations to any Land Island Territory Dominion Port or place whatsoever other then to such (6) English Plantations as doe belong to His Majesty His Heires and Successors or to the Kingdome of England or Ireland or Principallity of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede there to be laid on shore under the penalty of the Forfeiture of the said Goods or the full value therof, as alsoe of the Ship with all her Guns Tackle Apparel Ammunition and Furniture, the one moyety to the Kings Majesty His Heires and Successors, and the other moyety to him or them that shal seize informe or sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bil Plaint or Information wherin noe Essoyne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

And be it further Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That for every Ship or Vessel which from and after XJX. the [five and twentyeth7] day of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty shall set EMland^Ire aaile out of, or from England Ireland Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede for any English Plantation in ™ Wales to English

0 J 0 Plantation*, bound

XVII.

The Duty payable upon Goods in French Ships, and on their taking in and setting on Shore Passengers.

How long to continue.

XVIII. Sugar*, Tobacco, See. of the Growth of America, Asia, or Africa, to be shipped only to English Dominions;

Penalty.

VO L.V.

3s

12° Car. II. c. 18—20.

A.D. 1S60

according to Tonnage with Sureties, to bring Goods there loaded into England, &c.

Ships coining from any other Port to the Plantations, Governors to take such Bond, or Certificate that such Bond has been given in England;

Penalty.

Governors to return Bonds taken Twice yearly to Customs in London.

Rot. Parl. 12 C.II.

р. 2. nu. 7.

c. 4. ante.

Persons conveying away Goods without Entry and Agreement for the Custom;

Penalty.

Officer to break and enter Houses •uspe&ed.

n.

Limitation of Entry.

III. Continuance of Act.

IV. Damages and Costs arainst false Informers.

Rot. Parl. 12 C.II.

p. 2. nu. 8.

per

Month for Two Months assessed

under the same Commissioners (Exception) and

America Asia [or*] Africa sufficient bond shall*be given with one surety to the cheife Officers of the Custome house, of such Port or place from whence the said Ship shall set saile to the value of one thousand pounds if the ship be of lesse burthen then one hundred Tuns, and of the sume of two thousand pounds if the Ship [glial1]be of greater burthen, That in case the said Ship or Vessel shall loade any of the said C5modityes at any of the said English Plantations, that the same Commodityes shall be by the said ship brought to some Port of England Ireland Wales, or to the Port or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and shall there unload and put on shore the same, the danger of the Seas onely excepted, And for all ships coming from any other Port or Place to any of the aforesaid plantations who by this Act are permited to trade there, that the Govemour of such English plantation shall before the said Ship or Vessel be permited to loade on board any of the said Comodityes take Bond in manner and to the value aforesaid for each respective Ship or Vessel, That such Ship or Vessell shall carry all the aforesaid Goods that shall be laden on board in the said ship to some other of His Majesty es English Plantations, or to England Ireland Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, And that every ship or vessel [that*] shall loade or take on board any of ’the aforesaid Goods until such Bond given to the said Govemour or Certificate produced from the Officers of any Custome house of England Ireland Wales or of the Towne of Berwicke that such bond have beene there duely given, shall be forfeited with all her Guns Tackle Apparel and Furniture to be imployed and recovered in manner [as1 ] aforesaid, And the said Govemours and every of them shall twice in every yeare after the first day of January One thousand six hundred [and1] sixty returne true Copyes of all such Bonds by him soe taken to the cheife Officers of the Custome in London.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Act to prevent Fraudes and Concealments of His Majesty es Customes and Subsidyes.

BEE it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled That if any person or persons at any time after the first day of September One thousand six hundred and sixty shall cause any Goods for which Custome Subsidy or other dutyes are due or payable by vertue of the Act passed this Parliament Entituled (A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes of money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported) to be landed or conveyed away without due entry therof first made, and the Customer or Collector or his Deputy agreed with, That then and in such case upon Oath thereof made before the Lord Treasurer or any of the Barons of the Exchequer or cheife Magistrate of the Port or Place where the offence shall be committed, or the place next adjoyning therunto, it shall be lawfull to and for the Lord Treasurer or any of the Barons aforesaid or cheife Magistrate of the Port or Place where the offence shall be commited or the Place next adjoyning therunto to issue out a Warrant to any person or persons thereby enableing him or them with the assistance of a Sheriffe Justice of Peace or Constable to enter into any House in the day time where such Goods are suspected to be concealed, and in case of resistance to breake open such Houses, and to seize and secure the same goods soe concealed. And all Officers and Ministers of Justice are hereby required to be aiding and assisting therunto.

Provided alwayes That noe House shall be entred by vertue of this Act unlesse it be within the space of one moneth after the offence supposed to be commited.

Provided alsoe That this Act shall continue in Force [until4] the end of the first Session of the next Parliament and noe longer.

Provided alsoe That if the Information wherupon any House shall come to be searched shall prove to be false, that then and in such case the party injured shall recover his full damages and costs against the Informer by Action of Trespasse to bee therefore brought against such Informer.

CHAPTER XX.

An Act for raising seavenscore thousand pounds for the compleate disbanding of the whole Army and paying off

some part of the Navy.

TOE Commons assembled in Parliament doe give and grant unto your Most Excellent Majestye the summe JL of seavenscore thousand pounds to be raised and leavyed in manner following and for the uses and purposes hereinafter declared, and Doe therefore humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in thh present Parliament assembled that the summe of threescore and ten thousand pounds by the moneth for two [monenthes*] begining from the first day of November One thousand six hundred and sixty shall be assessed taxed collected leavyed and paid in the severall County es Cittyes Burroughs Townes and Places within England and Wales and [the *] Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to such rates rules and proportions and by the same Comissioners (excepting such as stand disabled by a certaine Act passed this present Parliament intituled An Act

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c.20.

251

of Indempnity free pardon and oblivion) and with like powers and authorityes as in and by a certaine Ordinance *>yd* R'de*, intituled An Ordinance of the Lords and Commons for an assesment of seaventy thousand pounds by the moneth Oniinance herein upon England for three moneths for the supply of the present occasions of the Kings Majesty, and for and towards phoned, and the payment and satisfaction of the Armies and Navies continued for the defence of this Kingdome, and for other the necessary and urgent occasions thereof together with a certaine A A passed this Parliament intituled An Act hr putting in execution an Ordinance mentioned in the said Act, are expressed declared and appointed, which said The CommUsionera Commissioners shall meete on or before the sixth day of November One thousand six hundred and sixty, and are execute*

hereby enabled to use and execute all and every the like rates rules proportions powers and [and1] authorityes as in the said Rules and by the said Ordinance and AA are mentioned and expressed as folly and amply as if the same had beene *ccordin&1y-perticularly inserted in this present Act.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that all and every the summes to be collected and raised [I-

by vertue of this present Act shall be paid at the Guildhall of the Citty of London unto Sir Richard Browne Sir collected to be paid John Langham Sir William Wheeler Sir William Vincent Thomas Rich and the Chamberlain of the Citty of London for the time being who are appointed Treasurers of the money to be raised by vertue of another A A passed this Treasurers under present Parliament intituled An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the forces c‘ 9‘ anle * of this kingdome both by land and sea, and the acquittance of them or any three of them shall be a sufficient whose Acquittance discharge for soe much money as shall be received by vertue of this Act to any person or persons who shall to * * D"cl"rg*’ pay in the same.

And be it further enacted that the Treasurers by this Act appointed shall receive for them and those to be imployed under them in this service one penny in the pound in such manner as they ought to receive by the AA last before mentioned.

III. Allowance to Treasurers of id. per Pound.

And be it further enacted that all and every the summes of money which by vertue of this present Act shall be paid to, or received by the Treasurers aforesaid shall from time to time be issued out according to such Warrants and Directions onely as they or any three of them shall receive from the Commissioners named in one AA of this present Parliament intituled An Act for the speedy disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdome who are hereby required and enjoyned at their perrils to take care and provide that the moneyes soe as aforesaid to be issued out be applyed onely to the uses intents and purposes hereafter following and to noe other use intent or purpose whatsoever that is to say principally and in the first place for and towards the totall disbanding of the present Army untill that worke be folly perfected and compleated according to such rules and instructions as touching the disbanding [of2] the Army in the said Act last mentioned are contained, and after the Army shall be wholly disbanded, then the residue of the moneyes to be raised by vertue of this present Act shall be imployed for and towards the paying off such part of the Fleet and Navy that shall be returned into Harbor on or before the eighth day of September One thousand six hundred and sixty according to such rules orders and instructions as touching the payment off of the Navy are in the said last mentioned AA contained and not otherwise.

IV.

Treasurers to Mine Monies received by them according to Warrants from the Commissioners under c. 15. ante, who are to take Care that the said Monies are employed first

in disbanding the Army, and then in paying off a certain Part of the Nary.

And Bee it further enacted that an accompt of all the moneyes by vertue of this Act to be received shall be given by the said Treasurers, to this or any other succeeding Parliament which shall require the same or to such person or persons as by this or any other succeeding Parliament shall be therunto appointed,

V.

Account of Monies received to be given by Treasurers to Parliament.

And be it further enacted and declared that if any person or persons shall lend unto the Treasurers aforesaid any summe or summes of money to and for the uses and purposes in this present Act mentioned, such person shall doe very good and acceptable service to the King and Kingdome and shall likewise be repaid the same with consideration for the forbearance thereof after the rate of six pounds per cent out of the first moneyes which after such loane shall come in upon this present Act, and the said Treasurers or any three of them shall be and are hereby enabled to repay the said moneyes accordingly to the party soe lending the same, whose acquittances shall be unto them a sufficient discharge, and the money soe advanced by way of loane shall be imployed to the uses in this Act mentioned and not otherwise

VI.

Persons lending Money to Treasurers do a good Service to the King and Kingdom.

Repayment secured with Interest at s£6 per Cent. Money to be employed to the Purposes aforesaid.

And be it further enacted that this whole and intire summe of seavenscore thousand pounds intended by this Act to be raised shall be folly paid in and compleated upon or before the twenty fifth day of December One thousand six hundred and sixty. And that the Commissioners for the said monethly assesment or any two or more of them in their respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughs Townes and Places within England and Wales and the towne of Berwicke upon Tweede shall signe and seale a duplicate of the said assessments and the same before the said five and twentyeth day of December shall certifie into the Guildhall of the Citty of London unto the Treasurers aforesaid together with the names of the respective Receivers Generali who shall be appointed to receive the same.

VII.

The whole Money to be paid on ayta Dec. 1660. CommiMionen to sign and seal Duplicate of Assessment, and certify to Treasurers with the Names of Receivers General.

1 0. omits.

* interlined on the Roll.

12° Car. II. c. 21.

A.D. 1660.

Rot. Pari• 12 C.IL p,2. nu, 9.

Ordinance for an Assessment of *£70,000 recited.

c. 2. ante recited.

£7 0,000 for One Month from 29th Sept. 1660 assessed under the same ] Commissioners (Exception) and by the same Rules, See. as by the said Ordinance.

Commissioners to meet 5th O&/1660, and execute Authorities accordingly.

II.

The Monies to be paid into the Exchequer 1 st Nov. 1660 by Receivers General.

Commissioners to sin and seal Duplicate of Assessments, and certify into the Exchequer with the Names of Receivers General.

CHAPTER XXI.

An Act for the speedy raising of Seaventy thousand pounds for the present Supply of his Majestye.

WHEREAS in the absence of his Majestye an Ordinance of both Houses of Parliament was made entituled An Ordinance of the Lords and Commons for an Assesment of seaventy thousand pounds by the moneth upon England for three moneths for the supply of the present occasions of the Kings Majesty and for and towards the satisfaction of the Armies and Navies to be continued for the defence of this kingdome, and for other the urgent and necessary occasions therof, which said assesment was to continue for three moneths to be accompted from the twenty fourth of June One thousand six hundred and sixty. And whereas it was afterwards enacted by this present Parliament that all and every of the clauses powers and provisoes in the said Ordinance mentioned should be put in [full1]] execution, We your Majestyes loyall and obedient Subjects the Commons in Parliament assembled takeing notice of your Majesty es urgent occasions whilst your Majesty es Revenue stands unsetled, and your just rights and prerogatives in point of tenures and the use of the Court of Wards are forborne and withall acknowledging your Majesties great goodnes to us your subjects in the many gratious Alts passed and other the Messages received this present Parliament Doe pray your Most Excellent Majestye to accept this our present grant of seaventy thousand pounds to be raised and leavyed in the manner following, And that it may be enacted And be it enacted by your most excellent Majestye by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled that the summe of threescore and ten thousand pounds for one moneth onely begining from the twenty nineth of September One thousand six hundred and sixty shall be assessed taxed collected leavyed and paid in the severall County es Cittyes Burroughs Townes and places within England and Wales and towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the severall rates rules and proportions and in such manner and forme and by the same Commissioners (other then such as are disabled by the Act of generall pardon indempnity and oblivion) as in and by the same recited Ordinance are sett downe nominated limited and appointed Which Commissioners shall meete on or before the fifth day of October One thousand six hundred and sixty, and are hereby enabled to use and execute all and every the powers and authorityes as in and by the said Ordinance and ASt are mentioned and expressed as fully and amply as if the same rates rules proportions powers and authorityes had beene [ pticulerly 1 ] inserted in this present AS.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all and every the summes of money charged by this Act upon the severall Countyes Cittyes Townes Burroughs and places aforesaid shall be leavyed and raised and paid into his Majestyes receipt of the Exchequer upon or before the first day of November One thousand six

hundred and sixty by the severall Receivers Generali that shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, and the

said Commissioners or any two or more of them in their respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughs Townes and Places within England and Wales and the towne of Berwicke upon Tweede are hereby ordered [& required'] to signe and seale a duplicate of the said assesments and the same before the same first of November to cerdfie into

his Majestyes Court of Exchequer at Westminster together with the names of the respective Receivers Generall

who shall be appointed to receive the same.

ITEM quedam peti£6es privatas psonas concementes in se formam Actus continentes exhibits fuerunt f?dco DBo

Regi in Part $>dcf quap tituli subsequuntur viz

PRIVATE ACTS

1. An Act for naturalizing Peter De la Pierre ais Peters and John De la Pierre alias Peters.

2. An Act for the necessary maintenance of the Worke of draining the Great Level of the Fenns.

3. An Act for restoring unto Morough alias Morgan Earle of Inchequin all his Honours Mannours Lands and Tenements in Ireland whereof he was in possession [on1] the three and twentyeth of October One thousand six hundred forty one, or at any time since.

4. An Act for restoreing unto William Marquesse of Newcastle all his Honours Mannours Lands and Tenements in England whereof he was in possession on the twenty eth day of May One thousand six hundred forty two or at any time since.

5. An Act for the setting of the Priory of Watton and other Lands belonging to the Earle of Winchelsey in the County of Yorke in the hands of Trustees for the payment of debts.

6. An Act for restoreing of Sir George Lane Knight to the possession of the Manours of Rathclive and LisdufF and other Lands in Ireland.

7. An Act for the regulating of the trade of Bay makeing in the Dutchy Bay Hall in Colchester. (*)

8. An Act for restoreing to Charles Lord Gerrard Baron of Brandon, all his Honours Mannours Lands Tenements and Heredi taments whereof he was in possession on the twenty eth day of May One thousand six hundred forty two or at any time sithence.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* This Act received the Royal Assent in the Form of a Private Act, viz* " Soit salt come il est desire *" and is in the bundle of Private Acts at the Parliament Office •, but as it is inrolled on the Third Part of the Rolls of this Year, nu. 1. and is printed as Chapter XXII. in former editions, it is printed in this Collection in its usual place.

A.D. 1660.

12" Cab. II. c.22.

253

9. An Act for restoring of John Lord Culpeper sonne and heire and sole executor to Thomas Lord Culpeper Baron of Thorsway and Master of the Rolls, deceased, All the Honours Mannours Lands and Tenements Leases not determined and Hereditaments whatsoever whereof the said John Lord Culpeper was in possession on the twentyeth day of May One thousand six hundred forty two, or at any time after, which have not beene since sold, or aliened by the said John late Lord Culpeper by Acts or Assurances to which himselfe was party and consenting.

10. An Act for restoring of the Marquesse of Hertford to the Dukedome of Somerset.

11. An Act for enabling Augustine Skinner and William Skinner to make sale of some Lands for payment of debts.

ia. An Act for the incorporating of the Master and Wardens of the Company of Haberdashers London to be Governors of the Free schoole and Alms Houses in Newport in the County of Salop, of the foundation of William Adams, and for setling of Lands and Possessions on them for maintenance thereof and other charitable uses.

13. An Act for the naturalizing of Dorothea Helena Countesse of Derby Wife of the Right Honourable Charles Earle of Derby, and Emilia called Countesse of Ossory, wife of the4Right Honourable Thomas Butler called Earle of Ossory sonne and heire apparent of the Right Honourable James Marquesse of Ormond and Earle of Brecknocke, and Margaret Lady Culpeper Wife of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Culpeper Baron of Thorsway, and the Right Honourable Charles Kirkhoven Lord Wotton and Dame Emilia his sister, children of Katherine Stanhop Countesse of Chesterfeild by John Kirkhoven Lord of Hemflett.

14. An Act for enabling Sir George Booth Baronet to make Leases and Sales of part of his Estate.

15. An Act for restoreing unto James Marquesse of Ormond all his Honours Mannours Lands and Tenements in Ireland whereof he was in possession on the 33th of October 1641 or at any time since.

CHAPTER XXII.

An Act for the Regulating of the Trade of Bay makeing in the [Dutchy1] Bay Hall in Colchester. (*)

A 7UEREAS by the speciall Favour of Queene Elizabeth there was a Congregation of Dutch people tolerated vv to practise the Art and Trade of Bay and Say makeing in the Towne of Colchester in the County of Essex, and for the upholding the Credit of the said Trade, and for the avoiding and punishing all Unjust and Fraudulent dealings therm, there have beene diverse Good and Laudable Orders and Constitutions made which were confirmed by Letters Patents under the Great Seale of England in the tenth yeare of King James and by severall Orders made by the late Kings Privy Councell the Strict and Exact Execution of which said Orders and Consitudons by the Govemours of the [Dutchy 1 ] Bay Hall, there hath brought that kinde of Drapery into high Credit not onely at home but alsoe in Forraigne parts, and that by reason of the said Trade many thousands of poore people both within the nid Towne of Colchester and places thereabout are dayly Imployed and Sett to Worke, Notwithstanding which said Orders, and the care of the Govemours of the said [Dutchy'] Bay Hal lmany fraudulent and deceitfull Commodities and slight and naughty Bays have beene and dayly are by the secret and crafty practices of some men made in the said Towne, and are weekely brought and conveyed to London by certaine persons useing the Trade of buying and selling of Colchester Bayes before such time as the said Bayes have beene viewed searched measured and sealed by the swome Officers of the said [Dutchy1] Bay Hall, which said Bayes soe deceitfully and fraudulently made are transported beyond the Seas under the name and oftentimes with the Seale of Colchester Bayes whereby the Bayes there made are not of that Credit and Esteeme as formerly, For the preventing [of1] which said practices and deceits Bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the assent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That the Govemours of the said [Dutchy1] Bay Hall in Colchester, and the Dutch people there liveing shall and may from henceforth peaceably and quietly use and exercise the free Trade of makeing Bayes Says and other forraigne Draperies within the said Towne of Colchester and be permited to goverae the said Trade in their Assemblyes and Congregations with all such libertyes priviledges (*) immunityes and in as full and ample manner as they have at any time heretofore enjoyed the same by vertue of any Order Grant or Toleration to them made by Queene Elizabeth King James or the late King Charles of blessed memory or any of them

Rot. Pari 1 a C.II. mm. I.

Queen Eli*. Dutch Bay and Say Makers at Colchester were tolerated, and confirmed by Letters Patent 10 Jac. I.

Benefits resulting from the Constitutions of the Dutch Bay Hall there 5

and that Grievances had arisen by false Commodities.

Confirmation of the Privileges of the Dutch Bay Hall.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons whatsoever from and after II.

the twentyeth day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixtie shall weave or cause to be woven within the said Towne of Colchester or the Libertyes therof any Bay knowne by the name of fewer carried to the Bajr and fifty es Sixty es Sixty eights. Eighty es and hundred Bayes, and shall not within two dayes after such weaving carry 111 #ctrc or cause such Bay to be carryed to the [Dutchy1] Bay Hall called the Raw Hall there to be viewed and searched to the intent it may appeare whether the same Bay be well and substantially wrought before as the said Bay shall

3T

254

12° Car. II. c. 22.

A.D.m 0.

Fuller, &c. working any Bays not stamped;

Penalty 40s.

How applied where Bay made by English Maker; where by Dutch Maker.

Second Offence, £S-

Third Offence, disabled.

III.

No Bays to be carried out of the Town until searched and stamped.

Penalty.

IV.

Counterfeiting Corporation Seal {

or unduly affixing Seal to Bays.

First Offence, Penalty j£ao.

Second Offence, Pffiory.

Third Offence, Felony and Forfeiture of Bays.

V.

Power to GoTernors to search Carts and Packs

to search Houses, &c. with a Constable, and seize.

Deceitful Bays forfeited.

VI.

Power to make By-Laws.

VII. Who are to approve of them.

be carryed to be scoured and thicked, or if any Fuller or Thicker or other person usemg the Art or Trade of Fulling or Thicking of Bayes shall receive any such Bay to be fulled and thicked before such time as the said Bay hath beene carryed to the said Raw Hall, and there stamped and marked as by the Orders of the said Hall it ought to be. That every such Weaver that shall soe convey the said Bay, and every such Fuller or Thicker that shall receive such Bay before the same be stamped and marked as aforesaid shall forfeite for the first offence the summe of Forty shillings to be leavyed by distresse and sale of the Offenders goods, returning the overplus, the necessary charges of destraining being first dedu&ed, and such Forfeitures, in case such Bay be made by an English Master maker, then the same to be accounted for to the Maior and Commonalty of the said Towne for the benefit of the poore of the said Towne, and in case such Bay be the Bay of a Dutch Master maker then the same to be disposed by the Govemours of the said Dutch Bay Hall for the use and benefit of the poore of the said Dutch Congregation, and for the second offence shall forfeit the summe of five pounds to be leavyed and disposed in manner abovesaid and for the third offence not to be permitted to worke any more within the Towne of Colchester or Libertyes thereof.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons shall buy any of the aforesaid Bayes or convey or carry or cause such Bay to be conveyed or carryed out of the said Towne of Colchester before such time as the said Bay hath beene viewed searched stamped sealed and measured as aforesaid by the sworne Officers of the said [Dutchy1] Bay Hall therunto appointed that in such case the said Bay soe bought or carryed, or offered to be carryed or conveyed away as aforesaid shall be confiscated, the one moyede to him or them that shall seize the same, and the other moyety to the poore of the Parish where the said Bay shall be taken and seized.

And be it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That if any person or persons whatsoever shall from and after the said twentyeth day of September counterfeit or cause to be counterfeited any of the seales used by the Corporation or Congregation of the Dutch Bay Hall in Colchester, or shall, not being the Officer thereunto by the said Corpora£6n appointed, and in the place by them thereunto appointed affix any such seale or seales to any Colchester Bayes whether counterfeited or not counterfeited that every person soe offending, being therof lawfully convicted shall for his first offence forfeit and pay to the use of the said Governours of the said Dutch Bay Hall the summe of twenty pounds to be recovered in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record or in the Towne Court of Colchester by any A£tion of debt bill plaint information or otherwise, wherin noe essoygne protection or wager of the Law shall be allowed, and for the second offence being convicted as aforesaid shall stand in the Pillory in the Market or most publique place where such offence shall be committed for the space of one houre, and for the third offence being as aforesaid convicted shall suffer as a Felon, and if any Bayes shall be taken carrying or carried out of Colchester without the marke of the maker that all such Bayes shall be forfeit.

And for the better discovering finding out and punishing of the firaudes and deceits aforesaid Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for the Govemours of the said Dutch Bay Hall or their Officers, or any of them from time to time in the day time to search any Cart Waggen or Packe wherein they shall have notice, or susped any such deceitfull Bayes to be, and alsoe from time to time with a Constable, who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to them to make search in any house shop or warehouse where they are informed any such deceitfull Bayes to be, and to secure and seize the same, and carry the same to the said Dutch Bay Hall, and that such Bay soe seised and carried to the said Hall shall be confiscate and forfeit to be disposed in such manner as the forfeitures herein before mentioned to be paid by the Weavers and Fullers are herein before limitted and appointed.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the better managing and regulating of the said Art or Trade of makeing the Bayes aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Govemours of the said [Dutchy'] Bay Hall from time to time to make constitute and appoint such Orders, By-lawes and Constitutions as to them shall seeme meete and reasonable.

Provided That noe such Order By-Law or Constitution to be made either in diminution of the Kings Prerogative or the Lawes of this Kingdome be used or executed untill the same Orders By-Lawes and Constitutions have beene examined and approved by the Lord Chauncellour, Lord Treasurer of England, or Cheife Justices of either Bench or any three of them, or before both the Justices of Assize in their Circuit or Progresse in the said County of Essex, upon paine of forfeiture of twenty pounds for every time they shall doe the contrary. This Act to begin and take effect from the twentyeth day of September One thousand six hundred and sixty.

1 Dutch 0.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 23.

255

CHAPTER XXIII.

A Grant of certaine Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for the encrease of His Majestyes Revenue

dureing His Life.

rTTOE Commons assembled in Parliament in gratitude for an humble acknowledgement of your Majestyes great JL Grace and Favour to us Your Commons beyond Example of any Your Royall Progenitors expressed in many publique Acts and Declarations to the great rejoyceing and generall satisfaction of all Your people which they desire to answere with returnes suitable and exceeding the Examples of any of [there'] Auncesters for the encreasing of Your Majestyes Revenue dureing Your Majestyes Raigne (which God long continue) Doe therefore give and grant unto Your most Excellent Majestye the rates and dutyes Impositions Charges and summes of money herein after following, And doe beseech your Majestye that it may be Enacted And be it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled that from and after the twenty fifth day of December One thousand six hundred and sixty there shall be throughout your Majestyes Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede raised levyed collected and paid unto your Majesde dureing Your Life for Beere Ale Sider and other Liquors herein after mentioned the severall Rates Impositions Dutyes and Charges herein after expressed and in manner and forme following That is to say

For every Barrell of Beere or Ale above six shillings the Barrell brewed by the Common Brewer or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beere or Ale publiquely or privately to be paid by the Common Brewer or by such other Person or Persons respectively and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity One shilling three pence - -

For every Barrell of Six shillings Beere or Ale or under brewed by the Common Brewer or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out such Beere or Ale publiquely or privately to be paid by the [said1] Common Brewer or by such other Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid, and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity three pence -----

For all Sider and Perry made and sold by retaile upon every Hogshead to be paid by the Retayler

O "jd-’D

‘iij d.

thereof, and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser measure One shilling three pence

For all Metheglin or Meade sold whether by Retayle or otherwise to be paid by the maker therof) ^ ►on every Gallon One halfe penny - - - - - - J

rid-

iijd.*]

upon every Uallon Une halte penny

For every barrell of Beere commonly called Vinegar beere brewed by any common Brewer in any* common Brew house six pence

For every Gallon of Strong water or Aqua vite made and sold to be paid by the maker thereof *) . ^ One penny - - - - - - - -J J

For every Barrell of Beere or Ale Imported from beyond the Seas Three shillings - - iij s.

For every Tun of Sider or Perry Imported from beyond the Seas, and soe proportionably for a greater *)

J

v s.

or lesser quantity Five shillings - - - -

For every Gallon of Spirits made of any kinde of Wine or Sider Imported Two pence - - ij d.

For every Gallon of Strong water perfectly made Imported from beyond the Seas Foure pence - iiij d.

For every Gallon of Coffee made and sold to be paid by the maker Foure pence - - iiij d.

For every Gallon of Chocolate Sherbet and Tea made and sold to be paid by the Maker thereof)

Eight pence - - - - - - - - -)

And be it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid that the severall Rates Dutyes and Charges of Excise or new Impost above mentioned hereby sett or imposed upon all and every the said Forraigne Liquors which shall be Imported or brought into all or any the Ports of this Kingdome and Dominions thereof aforesaid from and after the Five and twentyeth of December next shall be from time to time satisfied and paid by the Merchant or Merchants Importer or Importers of the same in ready money upon his or their entry or entryes made and before the landing thereof

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid that all common Brewers of Beere and Ale shall once in every weeke, and all Innkeepers Alehouse keepers Victuallers and other Retailers of Beere Ale Sider Perry Metheglin Strong water brewing makeing or retaileing the same shall once in every moneth make true and perticular entries at the Office of Excise, within the limits of which the said Commodities and Manufactures are made, of all Beere Ale Perry Sider Metheglin Strong water or other the Liquors aforesaid which they or any of them shall brew make or retaile in that weeke and moneth respectively as aforesaid.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid that all such common Brewers who doe not once a weeke make due and perticular Entryes shall forfeit five pounds, And that every such Inne-keeper who doth not make true and perticular Entryes once a moneth shall forfeit five pounds. And that every Alehouse keeper Victualler or other retailer who doth not once a moneth make due and perticular Entryes shall forfeit twenty shillings,

Rot. Parl. itC.ff. p. 3. mi. 3.

Rates given to His Majesty for Life.

II.

Duty upon Foreign Liauors imported to be paid by Importer in money upon Entry made before landing.

Ill-

Common Brewers to make Entry weekly, and other Retailers of Beer, Ale, &c. monthly.

IV.

Brewers not making I ntry. Penalty ^5. Innkeeper, Penalty .t'5. Retailers, Penalty 2oi.

1 their O.

1 xv d. 0.

• interlined 011 the Roll.

12° Ca*. II. c. 23.

A.V.1660.

V.

Brewer* not clearing off, Penalty.

Retailers,

Penalty.

VI.

No Person compelled to zo further to mate Entries than next Market Town.

VII.

Commissioners, 6cc. for executing Act empowered to appoint Gaugers. Gaugers may enter Houses, &c. to

and to make Return to Commissioners,

and leave Copy of Return with Brewer, &c. which is to be a Charge on Brewer, &c. Brewer, &c. refusing Gauger Admittance.

Proceedings.

Brewer, &c. in such Case selling, not having paid Duty,

Penalty.

VIII. What shall be reckoned a Barrel of Beer.

What a Barrel of Ale.

IX.

Prices to be at the usual Rates.

Proviso.

X.

Allowance for Waste and Leakage.

XI. False Entries;

penalty.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid that every common Brewer who shall not pay and cleere off within a weeke after he made his entry or ought to have made his entry as aforesaid shall pay double the value of the duty [And that every Inne keeper Alehouse keeper Victualer or other Retailer who shall not pay & cleere off within a moneth after he made his Entry or ought to have made his Entry (*) aforesaid shall pay double the value of the duty the said respective forfeitures to be leavied upon theire1 ] Goods and Chattells in such manner and forme as hereafter in this Act is ordained and directed.

Provided that noe such person as aforesaid shall be compelled by the Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners of Excise to travell for the makeing of the said Entryes or payment of the said Dutyes or other cause whatsoever touching or concerning the same if he live in a market Towne out of the said Towne if he live out of a market Towne then to noe other place then to the next market Towne to his habitation in the same County on the market day.

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid That the Commissioners who shall be appointed by his Majestie for the puting this Act in execution, and their Sub-Commissioners in their respective Circuits and Divisions shall hereby have power to constitute under their Hands and Seales such and soe many Gagers as they shall finde needfull, which Gagers and every of them shall at all times as well by night as by day, And if by night then in the presence of a Constable or other lawfiill Officer be permitted upon their request to enter the House Brewhouse Distilling house and all other houses and places [whatsoever1 ] belonging to or used by any Brewer Inne-keeper Victualler or other Retayler of Beere brewing or makeing the same as aforesaid or by any Distiller of Strong waters, or Retailer of other the Liquors aforesaid, and to gage all Coppers Fatts and Vessells in the same, and to take an accompt of Beere Ale Worts Perry Sider Strong waters Aqua vite Metheglin or other the Liquors aforesaid in the said houses places and vessells from time to time brewed or made & distilled and therof to make retume or report in writeing to the said Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise under whose Office and Limits such Brewer Retailer Distiller or maker of the Liquors aforesaid doth dwell and inhabit leaving a true Copy of such Returne in writeing under his Hand with such Brewer Retailer Distiller or makers of the Liquors aforesaid, And such Reports or Returnes of the said Gagers shall be a charge upon the said Brewers makers and Retailers respectively, And if any such common Brewer or Retailer shall refuse to permit any such Gager or Gagers to enter his Brew house or any other place aforementioned, or to gage or take accompt of his brewing vessells or of any such Beere Ale Worts Perry Sider Strong water Aqua-vite Metheglin or other the Liquors aforesaid such Brewer Retailer [or1] Distiller shall be forthwith forbidden by the said Gager or Gagers to sell carry out or deliver to any of his Customers any Beere Ale Strong water Aqua vite or other the Liquors aforesaid. And if any such Brewer Retailer or Distiller of any the Liquors aforesaid after such warning given shall sell carry or deliver out the same or any part therof not haveing paid and cleared the duty of Excise, such person and persons shall besides the forfeiture of double the value forfeit and lose the summe of five pounds as aforesaid for every offence to be leavyed and recovered upon his [and1] their Goods and Chattels in manner and forme as hereafter in this Act is provided;

And for the avoiding of all incertainty & dispute touching the returnes made or to be made by the Gagers of any Beere or Ale soe brewed as aforesaid Bee it Enacted and Declared by the Authority aforesaid That every six and thirty Gallons of Beare taken by the Gage according to the Standard of the Ale quart sower wherof shall make the Gallon remaining in the custody of the Chamberlaines of his Majestyes Exchequer shall be reckoned accounted and returned by the Gager for a barrell of Beare, And every two and thirty Gallons of Ale taken by the Gage according to the same Standard shall be in like manner reckoned accounted and returned for a barrell of Ale, and all other the Liquors aforesaid according to the Wine gallon,

Provided alwayes and be it Enacted and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Brewers or Retailers of Beere and Ale shall take any more in the price thereof upon sale of the same then according to the usuall rates and prizes, saveing that every common Brewer shall and may take and receive of all and every person and persons to whom he shall sell and deliver any [Beere or Ale4] the Excise thereupon due as aforesaid over and above the usuall rates and prizes,

And be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the better incouragement of all common brewers and makers of Beere or Ale to make due entry and payment thereof according as by this Act is appointed, the said common brewer not selling the same by Retaile for and in consideration of waste by fillings and leakage of their Beere and Ale shall have and be allowed out of the said returns made by the Gagers the severall allowances and abatements hereafter mentioned (that is to say) upon every three and twenty barrells of Beere whether strong or small returned by the said Gagers three barrells, and upon every two and twenty barrels of Ale whether strong or small returned by the Gagers two barrels which said allowances and abatements the (5) Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid and their Sub-Commissioners are hereby authorized to allow and make accordingly,

Provided alwayes that where any common Brewer shall wittingly or willingly make a false Entry and be convicted for the same before the Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid or any two of them, or before such other person or persons as are hereafter by this Act appointed, in that case such Brewer or Brewers shall forfeit and lose over and besides the penalty es before mentioned the said allowance soe to be made for six moneths then next ensueing,

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 23.

257

And bee it Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid That noe Beere or Ale shall be delivered in by such brewer or maker thereof to any Victualler or other Retailer thereof untill the rate which by such Victualler or Retailer is to be paid over and above the price of the said Beere or Ale for or in respect of this duty be first paid and satisfied by the said Victualler or Retailer to the brewer or maker thereof, Provided alwayes That if any person or persons shall brew and sell by retaile any small quantities of Beere or Ale in any Faire within this Realme or Dominions aforesaid who is not otherwise any common or usuall Brewer or Retailer thereof and shall before any such selling and retailing thereof well and truely pay and satisfie the duty due for the same to the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners within whose limitts or division the said Faire shall be held or to their Officers thereunto appointed, then such person or persons soe brewing or retailing the same and for soe much and noe more nor otherwise shall be freed and discharged from all penaltyes and forfeitures in and by this Act before mentioned and imposed Any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

Provided neverthelesse That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Commissioners and Sub Commissioners respectively to compound for this Duty with any Innekeeper Victualler Alehouse-keeper or Retayler of Beere Ale and other the Liquors aforesaid within their respective divisions from time to time in such manner and forme as may be most for the advantage and improvement of the receipts thereof, Any thing in this Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And it is further Ordained and Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or such other person or persons as his Majestie shall appoint shall have power, and are hereby authorized and impowered from time to time to treat contract conclude and agree with any person or persons for or concerning the farming of all or any the Rates Dutyes and Charges in this Act mentioned upon Beere Ale Perry Sider or other the Liquors [aforesaid1] in any the respective County es Cittyes or Places of this Realme or Dominions thereof as may be for the greatest benefit and advantage of the said receipt soe as the same exceed not the terme of three yeares

And be it further Enacted that every such contract bargaine and agreement of the Lord Treasurer or Commissoners of the Treasury or other persons aforesaid on behalfe of his Majestye on the one part. And the person or persons forming on the other part shall be good and effectuall in Law to all intents and purposes.

Provided alwayes to the end the aforesaid duty may be paid with most ease to the people It is hereby further Enacted That the Lord Treasurer Commissioners of the Treasury or other persons aforesaid shall not within six moneths after the commencement of this Act treat conclude or agree with any person or persons touching the Farming of this Duty upon Beere and Ale in any the respective Countyes or Places of this Realme or Dominions thereof other then with such person or persons as by the Justices of Peace of the said Countyes or Places or the major part of them at their publique Quarter Sessions shall be nominated and appointed in that behalfe, which person or persons is to have the first refusall of any such Farme respectively and may take the same, Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding:

Provided that the said Duty shall not be lett to any other person or persons then to the person or persons recommended by the Justices under the rate that it shall be tendered to and refused by such person or persons soe recommended.

And bee it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid that all forfeitures and offences made and committed against this Act or any Clause or Article therein contained shall be heard adjudged and determined by such person and persons and in such manner and forme as hereafter in and by this Act is directed and appointed that is to say all such forfeitures and offences made and committed [within the immediate limits of the cheife Office in London shall be heard adjudged and determined by the said cheife Commissioners and Governours of Excise (appointed by his Majestie) or the major part of them, or by the Commissioners for appeales and regulating of this Duty or the major part of them in case of appeale and not otherwise, And all such forfeitures and offences made and committed1] within all or any other the Countyes Cittyes Towne or place within this Kingdome or

Dominions thereof shall be heard and determined by any two or more of the Justices of the Peace resideing neere

to the place where such forfeitures shall be made or offence committed, And in case of negclect or refusall of such Justices of the Peace by the space of fowerteene dayes next after complaint made and notice therof given to the offender, then the Sub Commissioners or die major part of them appointed for any such Citty County

Towne or Place shall and are hereby impowered to heare and determine the same. And if the party finde himselfe

aggreived by the Judgement given by the said Sub Commissioners he shall and may appeale to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions who are hereby impowered and authorized to heare and determine the same whose Judgement therm shall be finall, which said Commissioners for appeales and regulating of this Duty and the cheife Commissioners for Excise and all Justices of Peace and Sub Commissioners aforesaid respectively are hereby authorized and striCtly enjoyned and required upon any complaint or information exhibited and brought of any such forfeiture made or offence committed contrary to this Act to summon the party accused, and upon his appearance or contempt to proceed to the examination of the matter of Fad and upon due proofe made thereof either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible Witnesses (which oath they or any two or more of them have hereby power to administer) to give Judgement or Sentence according as in and by this Act is before ordained and directed, And to award and issue out Warrants under their Hands

XII.

No Ale or Beer to be delivered by Brewer to Retailer before Duty paid. Proviso for Beer and Ale sold in Fairs.

XIII.

Commissioners may compound for Duty with Innkeeper, Retailer, or ViduaUer.

XIV. Rates may be fanned for Three Years.

XV.

9nch Com rafts to be good in Law.

XVI. Treasury not to treat with Persona other than such as shall be nominated by QuarterSesnonsi such Persons to have the First Refusal.

xvir.

Proviso as to Rate of farming.

XVIII. Forfeitures and Offences within tht limits of London, where to be determined.

In any other County or Place^ where to be determined.

Refusal of Justices to determine, then Sub-Commissioners.

Appeals by Parties aggrieved.

Proceedings by Commissioners for Appeals.

Who mayadminister an Oath, and issue Warrants 'for levying Penalties.

3u

258

12° Car. II. c.23.

A.D. 1660.

Proceeding*

thereon.

XIX.

Fines and Forfeitures may be mitigated by Commissioners, he. Such Mitigation a Discharge.

Proviso.

XX.

Hop the Fines and Forfeitures shall be employed.

XXI.

Head Office erected in London to be managed by Officers appointed by the King, who are to be Commissioners and Governors for managing the Receipt of Excise.

XXII. Officers of Excise to take the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the following Oath.

XXIII. Certificates of Oath taken to the next Quarter Sessions.

XXIV. London, Westminster, Southwark, &c. to be under the Management of Head Office. Officers in the Country to be appointed by His Majesty.

XXV.

Hours at which Excise Office to be kept open.

XXVI. Commissioners to pay Monies colieaed into Exchequer.

XXVII. Persons sued may plead the General. Issue.

Double Costs.

XXVIII.

Certiorari.

for the leavying of such forfeitures penaltyes and fine? as by this Act is imposed for any such offence committed upon the Goods and Chattels of the offender, and to cause sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattels if they shall not be redeemed .within fowerteene dayes rendering to the party the overplus if any be, and for want of sufficient distresse to imprison the party offending till satisfaction be made

Provided neverthelesse that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said respective Justices of Peace Commissioners for Excise or any two of them or their Sub Commissioners respectively [from time to time1] where they shall see cause to mittigate compound or lessen such forfeiture penalty or fine as in their discretion they shall thinke fitt, And that every such mitigation and payment thereupon accordingly made shall be a sufficient discharge of the said penaltyes and forfeitures to the persons soe offending soe as by such mitigation the same be not made lesse then double the value of the duty of Excise which should or ought to have beene paid besides the reasonable costs and charges of such Officer or Officers or others as were imployed therein (*) to them allowed by the said Justices Any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

And it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained that all Fines Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this Act, all necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deduded shall be imployed three fourth parts thereof to and for the use of the Kings Majestie, and the other fourth part to the Discoverer or Informer of the same.

And for the better managing collecting secureing leavying and recovering of all and every the said rates and charges of Excise hereby imposed, and sett upon all or any the commodities before mentioned to the end the same may be paid and disposed of according to the intent of this present Act, Be it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid And it is hereby Enacted That one principall Head Office shall be erected and continued in the Citty of London or within ten miles thereof from time to time as long as his Majestie shall thinke fitt for this duty, unto which all other Offices for the same within England and Wales and the Towne and Port of Berwicke shall be subordinate and accomptable, Which said Office shall be managed by such Officers as shall be appointed by the Kings Majestie as aforesaid who, or any two of them are hereby [appointed &1] constituted Commissioners and Govemours for the management of his Majestyes Receipt of the Excise, and to sitt in some convenient place in the Citty of London or within ten miles therof [from time to time'] as long as His Majestie shall thinke fitt.

And be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that noe person or persons shall be capeable of intermedling with any Office or imployment relating to the Excise untill he or they shall before two or more Justices of [the1] Peace in the County where his or their Imployments shall be, or before one of the Barons of the Exchequer take the Oathes of Alleigiance and Supremacy which Oathes they have hereby power to administer together with this Oath following Mutatis mutandis

shall sweare to execute the Office of truely and faithfully without Favour or Affection, and

shall from time to time true Account make and deliver to such person or persons as his Majesty shall appoint to receive the same and shall take noe Fee or Reward for the Execution of the said Office from any other person then from his Majestie, or those whom his Majestie shall appoint in that behalfe,

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that every such Justice of Peace shall certifie the takeing of such Oath to the next Quarter Sessions there to be recorded.

And it is further Enacted that all parts of the Cittyes of London and Westminster with the Burrough of Southwarke and the severall Suburbs thereof and Parishes within the weekely Bills of Mortallity shall be under the immediate care inspection and management of the said Head Office and such and soe many subordinate Commissioners and Sub Commissioners and other Officers and Ministers for the Execution of the Premisses shall be from time to time nominated and appointed by his Majestie in all and every other [the1] Countyes Cittyes Townes and places within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Port of Berwicke as from time to time his Majestie shall thinke fitt

And it is hereby further Enacted that the said Office of Excise in all places where it shall be appointed shall be kept open from eight of the clocke in the morning till twelve of the clocke at noone, and from two of the clocke in the aftemoone till five of the clocke in the aftemoone for the due execution and performance of all and every the matters and things in this Act appointed and required.

And it is further hereby Enacted that the said cheife Commissioners of Excise or the major part of them shall from time to time issue forth and pay such surame and summes of money as shall from time to time be received collected or leavyed by vertue of this Act unto his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer.

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act he or they shall and may plead the generail issue and give this Act in evidence for his defence, and if upon the tryall a Verdict shall passe for the Defendant or Defendants; or the Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes be non suited then such Defendent or Defendents shall have double Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes.

Provided alsoe and be it Enacted that noe Writt or Writts of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any Order or Orders made by the Justices aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceeding shall and may be had and made thereupon, Any such Writt or Writts or allowance thereof notwithstanding,

A.D. 1660,

12° Gar. II. c. 23,24.

259

Provided alwayes and be it further Enacted that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not be prejudicial! to Edward Backwell Alderman of London as to the summe of twenty eight thousand sower hundred and fifty pounds (or any part thereof) by him advanced upon the credit of severall Orders of this present Parliament, and by them charged on the receipt of the Grand Excise, that is to say the summe of five thousand pounds payable to his Majestyes Surveyour Generali for the repaire of his Majestyes houses charged by vertue of an Order of the sixth of September One thousand six hundred and sixty with Interest for the same, the summe of ten thousand pounds advanced to her Highnesse the Princesse Royall being charged with Interest by an Order of the thirteenth of September One thousand six hundred and sixty, the summe of ten thousand pounds payable to her Majestie the Queene of Bohemia being charged together with Interest by an Order of the thirteenth of September One thousand six hundred and sixty, the summe of three thousand sower hundred and fifty pounds payable for Provisions for Dunkirke by Order of the twenty sixth of November One thousand six hundred and sixty, which summe of twenty eight thousand sower hundred and fifty pounds together with Interest for the same according to the tenor of the said Orders after the rate of six per cent shall be paid to the said Edward Backwell or his Assignes out of the Grand Excise and the Arreares thereof in course as is by the said Orders appointed, and in case the same shall fall short in payment by the twenty fifth of December One thousand six hundred and sixty that then the remainder shall continue secured to him out of the whole Excise in course as aforesaid, and that noe other payments be made out of the Excise but what is appointed by this present Parliament in course to precede the same untill the aid Debt due to the said Edward Backwell be satisfied, and that in case any part of the moneyes due to Alderman Backwell be paid out of that part of the Excise which shall grow due to the Kings Majestie that then his Majestie shall be reimbursed the same out of the first moneyes that shall come in of the Arreares of Excise that will be due the said twenty fifth of December.

XXIX. Proviso for £. Backwell, for Payment of £tS+$o.

When and to whom, and for what Purposes, the same advanced.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Act takemg away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for setting a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof.

Rot. Pari, is C.II. A S* *• 4*

WHEREAS it hath beene found by former experience that the Courts of Wards and Liveries and Tenures by Knights service either of the King or others, or by Knights service in Capite or Soccage in Capite of the King and the consequents upon the same have beene much more burthensome grievous and prejudidall to

the Kingdome then they have beene beneficiall to the King, And whereas since the Intermission of the said Court

which hath beene from the sower and twentyeth day of February which was in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty and five many persons have by Will and otherwise made disposall of their Lands held by Knight service whereupon diverse Questions might possibly arise unlesse some seasonable remedy be taken to prevent the same Bee it therefore Enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lord with the assent of the Lords and Commons in Ruiiament assembled and by the Authoride of the same And it is hereby Enacted That the Court of Wards and Liveries and all Wardships Liveries Primer-Seizins and Ouster-le-mains values and forfeitures of Marriages by reason of any Tenure of the Kings Majesty or of any other by Knights service and all meane Rates and all other Gifts

Grants Charges incident or ariseing for or by reason of Wardships Liveries Primer Seizins or Ouster-le-main, be

taken away and discharged and are hereby Enacted to be taken away and discharged from the said twenty fourth day of February One thousand six hundred forty five, any Law, Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary hereof [in'] any wise notwithstanding, And that all Fines for Alienation Seizures and Pardons for Alienations Tenure by Homage and all Charges incident or ariseing for or by reason of Wardship Livery Primer-Seizin or Ouster-le-main or Tenure by Knights service Escuage and also Aide pur file marrier et pur finer fitz Chivalier and all other Charges incident cherunto be likewise taken away and discharged from the said twenty fourth day of February One thousand six hundred forty and five, Any Law Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary hereof [in'] any wise notwithstanding, And that all Tenures by Knights service of the King, or of any other person and by Knights service in Capite, and by Soccage in Capite of the King and the fruits and consequents thereof happened or which shall or may hereafter happen or arise thereupon or thereby be taken away and discharged Any Law Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary hereof any wise notwithstanding, And all Tenures of any Honours Mannours Lands Tenements or Hereditaments of any Estate of Inheritance at the common Law held either of the King or of any other person or persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate are hereby Enacted to be turned into free and common Soccage to all intents and purposes from the said [twenty fourthl] day of February One thousand six hundred forty five, and shall be soe construed adjudged and deemed to be from the said twenty fourth day of February One thousand six hundred forty five, and for ever thereafter turned into free and common Soccage, Any Law Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary hereof [any wise3 ] notwithstanding.

And that the same shall for ever hereafter stand and be discharged of all Tenure by Homage Escuage Voyages Royall and charges for the same Wardships incident to Tenure by Knights service and values and forfeitures of marriage and all other charges incident to tenure by Knights service And of and from Aide pur file marrier & Aide pur faier fitz Chivalier Any Law Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. And that all conveyances and devises of any Mannours Lands Tenements and Hereditaments made since the said twenty

The Reason! for passing this Act.

The Court of Wards and Livens*, Primer-Seisin, &c. taken away.

Fines for Alienation, Sic. taken away.

Tenures by Knights Service, and Tenure* in Capite taken away.

Tenures herein mentioned tuned into free and common Socage.

II.

And discharged of Homage, Escuage, Aide pur file marrier, See.

12° Car. II. c. 24.

A.D. 1660.

Conveyances expounded as if Manors, &c. had been held in common Socage.

III.

32H.VHI.C.46. and 33H.VIII. c. 2 a. repealed.

IV.

All Tenures to be created by the King hereafter to be in fiee and common Socage.

V.

Proviso for Renta certain, Heriots, &c.

VI.

For Fines for Alienation by Customs of Manors. Exception.

VH.

For Tenures in Frank Almoigne.

Tenure by Copy of Court Rolf; and for Honorary Services.

Exception.

VIII.

Fathers may dispose of the Custody of Children during their Minority.

Except Popish Recusants.

Actions of Ravishment of Ward for Guardians.

IX.

Custody of Lands and Personal Estate of Children, in Guardians, who may bring Action, See.

Proviso for London and other Places as to Orphans; and for Apprentices.

X.

Proviso touching Titles of Honour, Fcodal, &c.

fourth of February shall be expounded to be of such effect as if the same Manno&rs Lands Tenements and Hereditaments had beene then held and continued to be holden in free and common Soccage onely Any Law Statute Custome or usage to the contrary hereof any wise notwithstanding

And bee it further Ordained and Enacted by Authority of this present Parliament that one Act made in the raigne of King Henry the Eight intituled An Act for the establishment of the Court of the Kings Wards, And alsoe one Act of Parliament made in the three and thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of the said King Henry the Eighth concerning the Officers of the Court of Wards and Liveries and every Clause Article and matter in the said Acts contained shall from henceforth be repealed and utterly void.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid that all tenures hereafter to be created by the Kings Majesde his Heires or Successors upon any gifts or grants of any Mannours Lands Tenements or Hereditaments of any Estate of Inheritance at the common Law shall be in free and common Soccage, and shall be adjudged to be in free and common Soccage onely, and not by Knight service or in Capite, and shall be discharged of all Wardship value and forfeiture of Marriage Livery Primer-Seizin Ouster le main Aide pur faier fitz Chivalier & pur file marrier, Any Law Statute or reservation to the contrary thereof any wise notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse and be it Enacted That this Act or any thing herein contayned shall not take away nor be construed to take away any Rents certaine Herriots or Suites of Court belonging or incident to any former Tenure now taken away or altered by vertue of this Act, or other Services incident or belonging to Tenure in common Soccage due, or to grow due to the Kings Majesde or meane Lords or other private person, or the fealty and distresses incident thereunto, And that such releife shall be paid in respect of such Rents as is paid in case of a death of a Tennant in common Soccage,

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted That any thing herein contayned shall not take away nor be construed to take away any Fines for Alienation due by perticular customes of perdcular Mannours and places other then Fines for Alienations of Lands or Tenements holden immediately of the King in Capite.

Provided alsoe and be it further Enacted that this Act or any thing therin contained shall not take away or be construed to take away Tenures in Franke Almoigne or [to*] subject them to any greater or other services then they now are, nor to alter or change any Tenure by Copy of Court Roll or any services incident thereunto nor

to take away the honorary services of Grand Sergeantie other then of Wardship Marriage and value of Forfeiture

of Marriage Escuage Voyages Royall and other charges incident to Tenure by Knights Service and other then Aide pur faier fitz Chivalier and Aide pur file marrier.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid that where any person hath or shall have any Child

or Children under the age of twenty one yeares and not married at the time of his death that it shall and may be

lawfull to and for the Father of such child or children, [whether borne at the time of the decease of the Father or at that time in ventre sa mere, or whether such Father be within the age1] of twenty one yeares or of full age by his deed executed in his life time, or by his last Will and Testament in writeing in the presence of two or more credible witnesses in such manner and from time to time as he shall respectively thinke fitt to dispose of the custody and tuition of such child or children for and dureing such time as he or they shall respectively remaine under the age of twenty one yeares or any lesser time to any person or persons in possession or remainder other then Popish Recusants, And that such disposition of the custodie of such childe or children made since the twenty fourth of February One thousand six hundred forty five or hereafter to be made shall be good and effectuall against all and every person or persons claiming the custody or tuition of such childe or children as Guardian in soccage or otherwise; And that such person or persons to whom the custodie of such childe or children hath beene or shall be soe disposed or devised as aforesaid shall and may maintaine an action of Ravishment of Ward or trespasse against any person or persons which shall wrongfully take away or detaine such child or children for the Recovery of such childe or children and shall and may recover damages for the same in the said Action for the use and benefit of such childe or children.

And be it further enacted That such Person or Persons to whom the custody of such Childe or Children hath beene or shall be soe disposed or devised shall and may take into his or their custody to the use of such Childe or Children the proffitts of all Lands Tenements & Hereditaments of such Childe or Children, and alsoe the custody tuition and mannagment of the Goods Chattells and personall Estate of such Childe or Children till their respective Age of twenty one yeares or any lesser time according to such disposition aforesaid, and may bring such Action or Actions in relation thereunto as by Law a Guardian in common soccage might doe Provided alsoe That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to alter or prejudice the Custome of the Citty of London, nor of any other Citty or Towne Corporate, or of the Towne of Berwicke on Tweede concerning Orphans, nor to discharge any [Apprintice1] from his [Apprintiship4].

[Provided alsoe That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall infringe or hurt any Title of Honour Feodall or other by which any Person hath or may have right to sitt in the Lords House of Parliament as to his or their Title of Honour or sitting in Parliament, and the priviledge belonging to them as Peeres. This Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.*]

3 Apprentice 0. « Apprenticeshipp O.

A.D. 166Q. 12? Cab. II. c.24.

261

And whereas by like experience it hath beene found that though diverse good strict and wholesome Lawes have beene made in the times of sundry His Majestyes most noble Progenitors some extending soe farr at to life for Redresse of the grieviances and oppressions committed by the Persons imployed for makeing provisions for the Kings Household Carriages and other purveyance for his Majesde and His occasions. Yet diverse oppressions have beene still continued and severall Countyes have submitted themselves to sundry Rates and Taxes and Compositions to redeeme themselves from such vexations and oppressions And forasmuch as the Lords and Commons assembled In Parliament doe finde that the said Remedies are not fully effectuall, and that noe other remedy will be soe effectuall and just as to take away the occasion thereof especially if satisfaction and recompence shall be therefore made to His Majesty His Heires and Successors which is hereby provided to His Majesty es good likeing and content. His Majesde is therefore gratiously pleased that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Msyestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled That from henceforth noe sumrne or summes of money or other thing shall be taken raised taxed rated imposed paid or leavyed for or in regard of any provision Carriages or purveyance for His Majesde His Heires or Successors And that henceforth noe person or persons by any Warrant Commission or Authoride under the Great Seale or

otherwise by colour of buying or makeing provision or purveyance for His Majesde, or any Queene of England

for the time being [or of any the Children of any King or Queene of England for the dme being1] or that shall be or for his their or any of their Household shall take any Timber Fewell Catle Come Grain Mauif

Hay Straw Victuall Cart Carriage or other thing whatsoever of any the Subjects of His Majesde His Heires

or Successors without the free and full consent of the Owner or Owners thereof had and obtained without menace or enforcement, nor shall summon wame take use or require any [of*] the said Subjects to furnish or finde any Horses Oxen or other [Cattell'] Carts Ploughs Waines or other carriages for the use of His Majesde His Heires or Successors or of any Queene (i)of any childe or children of any the Kings or Queenes of England for the dme being for the carrying the Goods of His Majesde His Heires or Successors or the said Queenes or Children or any of them without such full and free consent as aforesaid Any Law Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XU

Recital that Laws had been patted to remedy the Mischiefs of Purveyance, but that divert Oppressions had * stulbeen continued.

Purveyances and Provisions for the King’s Household taken away.

Purveyances for the King, Queen, Arc. of Timber, Carts, Carriages, See, taken away.

And be it further enacted That noe preemption shall be allowed or claimed in the behalfe of His Majesty or of any His Heires or Successors or of any the Queenes of England, or of any the children of the Royall Family for the time being in Market or out of Market, but that it be for ever hereafter free to all and every of the Subjects of His Majestic to sell dispose or imploy his said Goods to any other person or persons as him iisteth, Any pretence of makeing provision or purveyance of Victuall Carriages or other thing for His Majesde His Heires or Successors or of the said Queenes, or Children, or any pretence of preemption in their or any of their behalfes notwithstanding; And if any person or persons shall make provision or purveyance for His Majesde His Heires or Successors or any the Queenes or Children aforesaid, or impresse or take any such Carriages or other things aforesaid on any pretence or colour of any Warrant aforesaid under the Great Seale or otherwise contrary to the intent hereof It shall be lawfull for the Justices of Peace or such two or one of them as dwell neere, and to the Constables of such Parish or Village where such occasion shall happen at the request of the party grieved, And they are hereby enjoyned to committ, or cause to be committed the party or partyes soe doeing and offending to Goale rill the next Sessions there to be indicted and proceeded against for the same, and that the Officers and Inhabitants of the Village or Parish where such offence shall happen shall be assistant therein, and moreover the party grieved shall have his action or actions against such offender or offenders, and therein recover his treble damages and treble costs, In which Action noe Essoigne Wager of Law Aid Prior Priviledge Protection Imparlance Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be granted or allowed. And if any person or persons shall (after notice given that the Action [depending *]» grounded upon this Statute) cause or procure any addon at the Common Law grounded on this Statute to be delayed or staid before Judgement by colour or meanes of any Order Power Warrant or Authority save onely of the Court where such Action shall be brought and depending, or after Judgement had upon such Action shall cause or procure Execution of such Judgement to be staid or delayed by colour or meanes of any Order Warrant Power or Authority save onely by Writt of Error or Attaint, or Order of such Court where such Writt of Error or Attaint shall be depending, That then the person soe offending shall incurr the paines penalties and forfeitures ordaihed and provided by the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the sixteenth yeare of the Raigne of King Richard the second.

XII.

No Pre-emption to be allowed or claimed in behalf of the King, &c.

Persona making Purveyance.

Imprisonment till next Session, and then Indi&raent.

Action for Inhabitants, &c.

No such Action to be stayed but by Order of the Court where such Action depends.

Premunire. 16R. II. c. 5.

Provided alwayes That this A d extend not to prejudice any [of1] His Majestyes Rights, Titles, or Dutyes of, in XIII. or to, or out of any Tynn in the Stannaries of Devon and Cornwall, nor to prejudice the auntient Dutyes of stMnarioT * Butlerage and Prizage of Wines, but that ,the same shall be in the same plight that the same were m before the guticrage, makeing of this Act, Any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Pristge.

And now to the intent and purpose that His Majesty His Heires and Successors may receive a foil and ample XIV. Recompence and Satisfaction as well for the profits of the said Court of Wards and the Tenures Wardships H^M^ev^rfor Liveries Primer-Seizins Ouster le mains and other the Premises and Perquisits incident thereunto, and for all Arreares the Court of Ward* any way due for the same as alsoe for all and all manner of Purveyance and Provisions herein before mentioned, and intended to be taken away and abolished and all summes of money due or pretended to be due or payable for, and in respect of any compositions for the same. Bee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That

3*

12° Car. II. c. 24.

A.D. 1660.

lUtes of the Exdse.

XV.

Duty upon Foreign Liquors imported to be pud by Importer in Money, upon Entry made, before Landing.

XVI. Entries to be made Weekly by Common Brewers, and Monthly by Innkeepers, &c.

XVII.

Brewer not making Entries,

Penalty j£io. Innkeeper, J£$. Retailers, 20s.

XVIII. Brewer not paying. Ptaalty.

Innkeeper, See.

Penalty.

XIX.

In what Places Entries to be made.

XX.

The Powers of the Commissioners, and Sub-Commissioners to appoint Gaugers. The Powers and Duty of Gaugers.

there shall be paid unto the Sings Majesde His Hares and Successors for ever hereafter in recompence as aforesaid the severall Rates Impositions Dutyes and Charge herein after expressed and in manner and forme following (that is to say)

For every Barrell of Beere or Ale above six shillings the Barrell brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell, or tap out Beere or Ale publiquely or privately to be paid by the Comon Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively, and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity, One shilling three pence - (js.iijd/J

For every Barrell of Six shillings Beere or Ale or under brewed by the Comon Brewer or other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out such Beere or Ale publiquely or privately, to be paid by the said Comon Brewer or by such other Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid, and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity three pence - [ajd.1]

For all Sider and Perry made and sold by retaile upon every Hogshead to be paid by the Retailer thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser measure One shilling three pence - - [xvd.*]

For all Metheglin or Meade sold whether by Retaile or otherwise to be paid by the maker thereof

upon every Gallon One halfe penny - [ob.1]

For every barrell of Beere comonly called Vinegar beere brewed by any comon Brewer [or*] in any comon Brew house six pence - - - - - - - - [yj d.‘]

For every Gallon of Strong water or Aqua-vite made and sold to be paid by the maker therof One penny ----- □ &’]

For every Barrell of Beere or Ale Imported from beyond the Seas Three shillings - - [iijs.*]

For every Tunn of Sider or Perry Imported from beyond the Seas, and soe proportionably for a greater

or lesser quantity Five shillings - - - - - - - [v8-*]

For every Gallon of Spirits made of any kinde of Wine or Sider imported Two pence - - [ijd.f]

For every Gallon of Strong water perfectly made imported from beyond the Seas Fower pence - [iiij d.*][

For every Gallon of Coffee made, and sold to be paid by the maker Fower pence - - [iv d.1]

For every Gallon of Chocolate Sherbet and Tea made and sold, to be paid by the maker thereof

Eight pence . - - [vnjd.*]

And be it further En&Cted and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That the severall Rates Dutyes and Charges of Excise or New Impost above mentioned hereby sett or imposed upon all and every the said Forraigne Liquors which shall be Imported or brought into all or any the Ports of this Kingdome and Dominions thereof aforesaid from and after the five and twentyeth [Day*] of December next shall be from time to time satisfied and paid by the Merchant or Merchants Importer or Importers of the same in ready money upon his or their [Entry or*] Entryes made and before the landing thereof.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all common Brewers of Beere and Ale shall once in every weeke, And all Inne-keepers Alehouse keepers Victuallers and other Retailers of Beere Ale Sider Perry Metheglin or Strong water brewing makeing or retaileing the same shall once in every moneth make true and perticular Entryes at the Office of Excise within the limitts of which the said Commodity es and Manufactures are made of all Beere Ale Perry Sider Metheglin Strong Water or other the Liquors aforesaid which they or any of them shall brew make or retaile in that weeke and moneth respectively as aforesaid.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all such common Brewers who doe not once a Weeke make due and perticular Entryes shall forfeit ten pounds. And that every such Innkeeper who doth not make true and perticular Entryes once a moneth shall forfeit five pounds. And that every Alehouse keeper Victualler or other Retailer who doth not once a moneth make true and perticular Entries shall forfeit twenty shillings.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every common Brewer who shall not pay and cleare off within a weeke after he made his Entry or ought to have made his Entry as aforesaid shall pay double the value of the duty, And that every Innekeeper Alehouse-keeper ViCtualer or other Retailer who shall not pay and cleare off within a moneth after he made his Entry, or ought to have made his Entry as aforesaid shall pay double the value of the Duty. The said respective forfeitures to be leavyed upon their Goods and Chattells in such manner and forme as hereafter in this Act is ordained and directed.

Provided that noe such person as aforesaid shall be compelled by the Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners of [the1] Excise to travell for the makeing of the said Entryes or payment of the said Dutyes or other cause whatsoever touching or concerning the same if he live in a Market Towne, out of the said Towne, if he live out of a Market Towne then to noe other place then to the next Market Towne [to his habitation*] in the same County on the Market day.

And bee it further Enacted [& Ordained*] by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Commissioners who shall be appointed by His Majestie for puting this Act in execution and their Sub Commissioners in their respective circuits and divisions shall hereby have power to constitute under their Hands and Seales such and soe many Gagers as they shall finde needfull. Which Gagers and every of them shall at all times aswell by Night as by Day, and if by Night then in the presence of a Constable or other lawfull Officer be permitted upon their request to enter

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c.

269

Entering Houaet, fte.

Oaagwg Coppen, Blc.

Retarmag Gsufr.

Return to be u Charge oo Brewer, &c. Refuting to permit Gauger to enter;

forbidden bj Gauger to teQ, &c.

Setting, Ac. not haring cleared

Duty.

Penalty.

Ae House Brewhouse Distilling house and all other Houses and Places whatsoever belonging to, or used by any Brewer Inne keeper Victualler or other Retailer of Beene brewing or makeing the same as aforesaid or by any Distiller of Strong Waters or Retailer of other the Liquors aforesaid, And to gage all Coppers Fats and Vessels in the same, and to take an accompt of Beere Ale Worts Perry Sider Strong waters Aqua vite Metheglin or other the Liquors aforesaid in the said Houses Places and Vessells from time to time brewed or made and distilled, and thereof to make Retume or Report in Writeing to the said Commissioners or Sub Comnnssiooers of Erase under whose Office and Limitts such Brewer Retailer Distiller or Maker of the Liquors aforesaid doth dwell and inhabit leaveing a true Copy of such Retume in writeing under his hand with such Brewer Retailer Distiller or Makers of the Liquors aforesaid. And such Reports or Returnes of the said Gagers shall be a charge upon the said Brewers Makers and Retailers respectively, And if any such common Brewer Maker or Retailer shall refuse to permit any such Gager or Gagers to enter his Brew house or any other places .aforementioned, or to gage or take accompt of his Brewing Vessells or of any such Beere Ale Worts Perry Sider Strong water Aqua vite Metheglin or other the Liquors aforesaid, such Brewer Retailer or Distiller shall be forthwith forbidden by the said Gager or Gagers to sell carry out or deliver to any of his Customers any Beere Ale Sfrongwater Aqua vite or other the Liquors aforesaid, And if any such Brewer Retailer or Distiller of any the Liquors aforesaid after such warning given shall sell carry or deliver out the same or any part thereof not haveing paid and cleared the duty of Excise such person and persons shall besides the forfeiture of double the value forfeit and lose the summe of ten pounds as aforesaid for every offence to be leavyed and recovered upon his or their Goods and Chattels in manner and forme as hereafter in this Alt is provided.

And for the avoiding of all incertainty and dispute touching the returnes made or to be made by the Gagers XXI. of any Beere or Ale soe brewed as aforesaid Bee it enacted and declared by [the'] Authority aforesaid That every six and thirty Gallons of Beere taken by the Gage according to the Standard of the Ale quart fewer wherof shall ^Gaugerj of and make the Gallon remaining in the custody of the Chamberlains of his Majestyes Exchequer shall be reckoned or Ale.

accounted and returned by the Gager for a Barrell of Beere, and every two and thirty Gallons of Ale taken by

the Gage according to the same Standard shall be in like manner reckoned accounted and returned for a Barrell of Ale, And all other the Liquors aforesaid according to the Wine gallon.

Provided alwayes and bee it Enacted and Ordained by Authoritie aforesaid That noe Brewers or Retailers XXII.

of Beere and Ale shall take any more in the price thereof upon sale of the same then according to the usuall Rates and Prizes, saveing that every common Brewer shall and may take and receive of all and every person and persons observe the usual to whom he shall sell and deliver any Beere or Ale the Excise thereupon due as aforesaid over and above the * usuall Rates and Prizes.

And bee it enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the better encouragement of all common Brewers XXIII.

or Makers of Beere or Ale to make due entry and payment thereof according as by this Act is appointed, the said ^*5

common Brewer not selling the same by Retaile for and in consideration of waste by fillings and leakage of their Leakage.

Beere and Ale shall have and be allowed out of the said Returnes made by the Gagers the several] allowances and abatements hereafter mentioned (that is to say) upon every three and twenty Barrel Is of Beere whether strong or small returned by the said Gagers three Barrells, And upon every two and twenty Barrel Is of Ale whether strong or small returned by the Gagers two Barrells, which said allowances and abatements the said Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid and their Sub Commissioners are hereby authorized to allow and make accordingly.

Provided alwayes That where any common brewer shall wittingly [and*] willingly make a false Entry and be XXIV.

convicted for the same before the Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid or any two of them, or before such

other person or persons as are hereafter by this Act appointed, in that case such Brewer or Brewers shall forfeit penai^ and lose over and besides the penaltyes before mentioned, the said allowance soe to be made for six moneths then next ensueing.

XXV.

No Beer, &c. to be delivered by Brewer until Duty be paid by the Retailer.

Proviso for Beer and AJe told in Fain.

And be it Enacted and ordained by Authoritie aforesaid That noe Beere or Ale shall be delivered in by such brewer or maker thereof to any Victualler or other Retailer thereof untill the rate which by such Victualler or Retailer is to be paid over and above the price of the said Beere or Ale for or in respect of this duty be first paid and satisfied by the said Victualler or Retailer to the brewer or maker thereof. Provided alwayes That if any person or persons shall brew and sell by retaile any small quantityes of Beere or Ale in any Faier within this Realme or Dominions aforesaid who is not otherwise any common or usuall brewer or Retailer thereof and shall before any such selling and retailing thereof well and truely pay and satisfie the duty due for the same to the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners within whose Limitts or Division the said Fair shall be held, or to their Officers thereunto appointed. Then such person [or*] persons soe brewing or retailing the same, And for soe much and noe more nor otherwise shall be freed and discharged from all Penaltyes and Forfeitures in and by this Act before mentioned and imposed. Any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse that it shall and may bee lawfull to and for the said Commissioners and Sub XXVI. Commissioners respectively to compound for this Duty with any Inne-keeper Victualler Ale house keeper or Retayler for*

of Beere Ale and other the Liquors aforesaid within their respective Divisions from time to time & in such manner their

and forme as may be most for the advantage and improvement of the receipts thereof. Any thing in this Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 O. omits.

* or 0.

* and 0.

.264

12° Car. II. c. 24.

A.D. 1660.

XXVII. Power of Lord Tretturer, fcc. to contract for fanning Dutiet.

XXVIII. Such Cootre&s to be good.

XXIX. Treasury not to treat with Persons other than such as shall be approved by Quarter Sessions.

Such Persons to have the first refusal.

Proviso as to rate of letting.

XXX. Forfeiture and Offences within this Act how to be determined.

In London.

In all other Counties, Cities, &c.

If Justices neglect, then Sub-commisfdoners to determine.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions, final.

Commissioners of Appeal, &c. to examine Witnesses on Oath}

and issue Warrants for levying the Penalties. Proceedings thereon.

XXXI. Power to Justices and Commissioners of Excise to mitigate Penalties; but not to less than Amount of Double Duty.

Costs of Officer.

XXXII. How Penalties to be employed.

AniJ it is further Ordained and Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time bang or such other person or persons as His Majesty His Heires and Successors shall appoint shall have power, and are hereby authorized [and impoured'] from rime to time to treat contract conclude and agree with any person or persons for or concerning the Farming of all or any the Rates Dutyes and Charges in this Act mentioned upon Beere Ale Perry Sider or other the Liquors aforesaid in any the respective Countyes Cittyes or Places of this Realme or Dominions thereof as may be for the greatest benefit and advantage of the said Receipt, soe as the same exceed not the terme of three yeares.

And be it further Enacted That every such Contract Bargaine and Agreement of the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or other persons aforesaid on behalfe of His Majestie on the one part, and the person or persons farming on the other part shall be good and effectuall in Law to all intents and purposes.

Provided alwayes to the end the aforesaid duty may be paid with most ease to the people It is hereby further Enacted That the Lord Treasurer Commissioners of the Treasury or other persons aforesaid shall not within six

moneths after the Commencement of this Act treate conclude or agree with any person or persons touching the

Farming of this duty upon Beere and Ale in any the respective Countyes or places of this Realme or Dominions therof other then with such person or persons as by the Justices of Peace of the said Countyes or places or the major part of them at their publique Quarter Sessions shall be nominated and appointed in that behalfe, which person or persons is to have the first refusall of any such Farme respectively, and may take the same Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Provided that the said duty shall not be let to any other person or persons then to the person or persons recommended by the Justices under the rate thai it shall be

tendred to, and refused by such person or persons soe recommended

And be it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authoritie aforesaid That all forfeitures and offences made

[done13 and committed against this Act, or any Clause or Article therein contained shall be heard adjudged and

determined by such person and persons and in such manner and forme as hereafter in and by this Act is directed

and appointed that is to say all such forfeitures and offences made and committed within the immediate limits of the cheife Office in London shall be heard adjudged and determined by the said cheife Commissioners and Govemours of Excise (appointed by His Majestie) or the Major part of them, or by the Commissioners for Appeales and regulating of this duty or the major part of them, in case of Appeale and not otherwise. And all such forfeitures and offences made and committed within all or any other the Countyes Cittyes [Towne or Place1] within this Kingdome or Dominions thereof shall be heard and determined by any two or more of the Justices of the Peace residing neere to the place where such forfeitures shall be made or offence committed, And in case of negcleft or refusall of such Justices of the Peace by the space of fowerteene dayes next after complaint made and notice thereof given to the Offender, then the Sub Commissioners or the major part of them appointed for any such Citty County Towne or place shall and are hereby impowered to heare and determine the same, And if the party finde himselfe aggreived by the Judgement given by the said Sub Commissioners he shall and may appeale to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions who are hereby impowered and authorized to heare and determine the same, whose Judgement therein shall be finall, which said Commissioners for Appeales and regulating of this duty and the cheife Commissioners for Excise and all Justices of [the1] Peace and Sub Commissioners aforesaid respectively are hereby authorized and strictly enjoyned and required upon any complaint or information exhibited and brought of any such forfeiture made or offence committed contrary to this Act to summon the party accused, and upon his appearance or contempt to proceeed to examination of the matter of fast, and upon due proofe made thereof either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnesses (which Oath they or any two or more of them have hereby power to administer) to give Judgement or Sentence according as in and by this Act is before ordained and directed, and to award and issue out Warrants under their hands for the levying of such forfeitures penalties and fines as by this Act is imposed for any such offence committed upon the Goods and Chattells of the Offender, and to cause sale to be made of the said Goods and Chattells if they shall not be redeemed within fowerteene dayes rendering to the party the overplus, if any be, and for want of sufficient distresse to imprison the party offending till satisfaction be made.

Provided neverthelesse That it shall and may be lawfoll to and for the said respective Justices of Peace Commissioners for Excise or any two of them or their Sub Commissioners respectively from time to time where they shall see cause to mittigate compound or lessen such forfeiture penalty or fine as in their discretion they shall thinke fitt, And that every such mitigation and payment thereupon accordingly made shall be a sufficient discharge of the said penaltyes and forfeitures to the persons soe offending soe as by such mitigation the same be not made les6e then double the value of the duty of Excise which should or ought to have beene paid, besides the reasonable costs and charges of such Officer or Officers or others as were imployed therein, to be to them allowed by the said Justices, Any thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further Enacted and Ordained That all Fines Forfeitures and Penaltyes mentioned in this Act all necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted shall be imployed three fourth parts thereof to and for the use of the Kings Majestie, and one fourth part to the Discoverer or Informer of the same;

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 24.

265

And for the better managing collecting secureing leavying and recovering of all and every the said rates and XXXIII. charges of Excise hereby imposed and sett upon all or any the Commodities before mentioned to the end the same may be paid and disposed of according to the intent of this present A&, Bee it further Enacted and Ordained by Authority aforesaid. And it is hereby Enacted That one principall Head Office shall be erected and One principal Office continued in the Citty of London or within ten miles thereof from time to time as long as his Majestic shall eroded!* London, thinke fitt for this duty, unto which all other Offices for the same within England and Wales and the Towne and Port of Berwicke shall be subordinate and accomptable, Which said Office shall be managed by such Officers Officers appointed as shall be appointed by the Kings Majesde as aforesaid, who, or any two of them are hereby appointed and * Ku>* constituted Commissioners and Govemours for the management of His Majestyes Receipt of [the'] Excise, and to sitt in some convenient place in the Citty of London, or within ten miles thereof from time to time as long as his Majesde shall thinke fitt [for the ends aforesaid *]

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe person or persons shall be capeable of intermedling XXXIV. with any Office or Imployment relateing to the Excise unrill he or they shall before two or more Justices of Qathlof AUcghmce Peace in the County where his or their impioyments shall be, or before one of the Barons of the Exchequer ind Supremacy take the Oaths of Alleigiance and Supremade which oathes they have hereby power to Administer together with o^follovring.^ this Oath following Mutatis Mutandis.

yOU shall sweare to execute the Office of truely and faithfully without Favour or affection, and The Oath.

shall from to rime true Account make and deliver to such person or persons as his Majesrie shall appoint to receive the same, and shall take noe Fee or Reward for the Execution of the said Office from any other person then from his Majestye or those whom his Majesrie shall appoint in that behalfe.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every such Justice of [the1] Peace shall certifie the takeing of such Oath to the next Quarter Sessions there to be recorded

And it is further Enacted That all parts of the Cittyes of London and Westminster with the Borough of Southwarke and [the *] severall Suburbs thereof, and Parishes within the weekely Bills of Mortality shall be under the immediate care inspection and mannagement of the said Head Office, and such and soe many subordinate Commissioners and Sub-Commissioners and other Officers and Ministers for the execution of the Premisses shall be from time to rime nominated and appointed by his Majesrie His Heires and Successors in all and every other the County es Cittyes Townes and places within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Port of Berwicke as from time to time His Majesty His Heires and Successors shall thinke fitt,

XXXV.

To be certified to Quarter Sessions,

XXXVI.

London,

Westminster, ScC. under Management of Head Office. Commissioners, &c. to be nominated by His Majesty.

And it is hereby further Enacted That the said Office of Excise in all places where it shall be appointed shall XXXVII.

be kepte open from eight of the Clocke in the morning till twelve of the Clocke at noone, and from two of OfficeTo*11

the Clocke in the aftemoone till five of the Clocke in the aftemoone for the due execution and performance of be kept open, all and every the matters and things in this Act appointed and required.

And it is further hereby Enacted That the said cheife Commissioners of Excise or the major part of them shall from time to time issue forth and pay such summe and summes of money as shall from time to time be received collected or leavyed by vertue of this A d into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer

XXXVIU.

Commissioners to pay into the Exchequer.

Provided allwayes and be it Enacted That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, he or they shall and may plead the generall issue, and give this Act in evidence for his defence, and if upon the Tryall a Verdict shall passe for the Deffendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes be nonsuite then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes.

XXXIX. General Issue pleadable in any Action upon this Statute.

Double Costs.

Provided alsoe and be it Enacted That noe Writt or Writts of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other proceeding upon any Order or Orders made by the Justices aforesaid in pursuance of this Act but that execution and other proceeding shall and may be had and made thereupon, Any such Writt or Writts or allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XL. No Writs of Certiorari to supersede Proceedings.

Provided That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend in any manner to weaken or invalidate one Ad of this present Parliament Entituled An Act of Free and General Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion, but that every Clause Article Matter and thing therein mentioned & comprized shall notwithstanding this Act or any matter or thing therein remaine good and valid, and be of the same force vertue and effect as if this Act had never beene made

XII. Proviso as to A & of General Pardon, c. ii. ante.

Provided alwayes and be it further Enacted That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not be prejudicxall to Edward Backewell Alderman of London as to the summe of twenty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty pound? (or any part thereof) by him advanced upon the Credit of severall Orders of this present Parliament, and by them charged on the Receipt of the Grand Excise that is to say the summe of Five thousand pound? payable to His Majestyes Surveyour Generall for the repaire of his Majestyes Houses charged by vertue of an Order of the sixth of September One thousand six hundred and sixty with Interest for the same, the summe of tenn thousand pound? advanced to her Highnesse the Princesse Royall being charged with Interest by an Order

XLil. Proviso concerning Edward Backwell as to 3^28,450 advanced by nim on Credit of several Orders of this Parliament.

JY

12° Car. II. c.24,25.

A.D. 166Q.

jo( the thirteenth of September One thousand six hundred and sixty, the summe of ten thousand pounds payable to her Majesde the Queene of Bohemia being charged together with Interest by an Order of the thirteenth of September One thousand six hundred and sixty, the summe of three thousand fbure hundred and fifty pounds payable far Provisions for Dunkirke by Order of the twenty sixth of November One thousand six hundred and sixty, which summe of twenty eight thousand sower hundred and fifty pounds together with Interest for the same according to the tenor of the said Orders after the rate of six per cent shall be paid to the said Edward Backewell or his Assignee out of the Grand Excise and the Arreares thereof in course as is by the said Orders appointed, and in case the same shall fall short in payment by the twenty fifth of December One thousand six hundred and sixty that then the remainder shall continue secured to him out of the whole Excise in course as aforesaid, and that noe other payments be made out of the Excise but what is appointed by this present Parliament in course to precede the same untill the said Debt due to the said Edward Backewell be satisfied, and that in case any part of the moneyes due to Alderman Backewell be paid out of that part of the Excise which shall grow due to the Kings Majesde [that then his Majesty1] shall be reimbursed the same out of the first moneyes that shall come in of the Arreares of Excise that will be due the said twenty fifth of December.

R*.ParL xiC.IL hi-

Persons unauthorised uttering Wine by Retail.

Penalty

II.

His Majesty may issue out Commissions under the Great 8eal to license the uttering Wine by Retail.

Persons appointed byaoch Commisstons may contract for Licences.

III.

His Majesty's Agents for granting Wme Licences may grant Licences not exceeding si years, if the Person so long lire.

Rent Half-yearly reserved, but no Fine to be taken.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Act for die better Ordering the Selling of Wines by Retaile, and for preventing Abuses in the Mingling Corrupting and Vitiating of Wines, and for Setting and Unfitting the Prices of the same.

FOR the better Ordering of selling of Wines by retaile in Tavemes and other places (*) for preventing of Abuses therein Be it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the consent of the Lords and

Commons in Parliament assembled, and by the Authoride of the same That noe person or persons whatsoever

from and after the five and twentyeth day of March one thousand six hundred sixty one unlesse he or they be authorized and enabled in manner and forme as in this present Act is prescribed and appointed shall sell or utter by retaile that is by the Pint Quart Pode or Gallon, or by any other greater or lesser retaile measure any

kinde of wine or wines to be drunke or spent within his or their Mansion house or houses or other place in

his or their tenure or occupation, or without such Mansion house or houses or such other place in his or their tenure or occupadon by any colour craft or meane whatsoever upon paine to forfeit for every such offence the summe of five pounds. the one moyety of every such penalty to be to our Soveraigne Lord the King, the other moyety to him or them that will sue for the same by A£don of Debt Bill Plaint or Informadon in any of the Kings Courts of Record in which Action or Suite noe Essoigne wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed.

And be it further Enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfoll to and for his Majesde his Heires and Successors from dme to time to issue out under his or their Great Seale of England one or more Commission or Commissions directed to two or more persons thereby authorizing them to license and give authority to such person and persons as they shall thinke fitt to sell and utter by retaile all and every or any kinde of wine or wines whatsoever to be drunke and spent as well within the house or houses or other place

in the tenure or occupadon of the party soe Licensed as without in any Citty Towne or other place within die

Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne and Port of Berwicke upon Tweede, and such persons as from dme to dme or at any dme hereafter shall be by such Commission or Commissions as aforesaid in that behalfe appointed shall have power and authority and hereby have power and authority to treat and contract for

Ucence authority and dispensations to be given and granted to any person or persons for the selling and uttering

of Wines by retaile in any Citty Towne or other place as aforesaid according to the rules and directions of this present A&, and the true intent and meaning thereof, and not otherwise, Any Law Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further Enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That such persons as shall be commissioned and appointed by his Majesde his Heires or Successors [as aforesaid1] shall be and be called his Majesties Agents for granting Ucenses for the selling and uttering of Wine by retaile, And his Majesties said Agents are hereby authorized and enabled under their Seale of Office, the same to be appointed by his Majesde to grant Ucense for the selling and uttering of Wines by retaile to any person or persons and for any time or terme not exceeding one and twenty yeares if such person or persons shall soe long live and for such yearely rent as they can or shall agree and thinke fitt, soe as noe Fine be taken for the same But that the rent and summes of money agreed upon and reserved be paid and answered halfe yearely by equall portions duremg the whole terme,

IV.

Licences only to such as personally use the Trade.

Wine Licences not assignable.

And be it further Enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That such License shall not be given or granted but to such who shall personally use the Trade of selling, or uttering Wines by retaile, or to the Landlord and owner of the House where the person useing such Trade shall sell and utter Wine by retaile, nor shall the same be assignable nor in any wise [benefidall or1] extensive to indempnifie any person against the penaltyes of this present Act except the first taker.

12° Car. II. c. 25.

267

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for his Majesde his Heires and Successors to constitute and appoint such and soe many [other'] Officers and Ministers as a Receiver Roister Clerke Comptroller Messenger or the like for the better carrying on of this service as he and they shall thinke fitt, soe as the Salaries and Wages of all such Officers to be appointed together with the Salary or Wages of his Majestyes said Agents doe not exceed six pence in the pound of the Revenue that shall hence arise.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That the Rents Revenues and summes of money hence ariseing, except what shall be allowed for the Wages and Sallaryes of such Officers and Ministers which is not to exceed six pence out of every pound thereof shall be duely and constantly paid and answered into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer and shall not be perticularly charged or chargable either before it be paid into the Exchequer or after with any gift or penson, And his Majestyes said Agents are hereby enjoyned and required to retume into

the Court of Exchequer every Michaelmas and Easter Termes upon their Oathes (which Oathes the Barons of [the *]

Exchequer or any one of them are hereby authorized to administer) a Booke fairely written containing a true and full account of what Licences have beene granted the preceeding halfe yeare, and what rents and summes of [money *] are therupon reserved, and have beene paid, or are in arreare together with the securities of the persons soe in arreare to the end due and speedy processe may be made out according to the course of the Exchequer for the recovery of the same

Provided alwayes That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall not in any wise be prejudiciatl to the priviledge of the two Universityes of [the1] Land or either of them, nor to the Chauncellours or Schollers of the same or their Successors but that they may use and enjoy such priviledges as heretofore they have lawfully used and enjoyed, Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be prejudiciall to the Master Wardens Freemen and Commonalty of the mistery of Vintners of the Citty of London or to any other Citty or Towne Corporate but that they may use and enjoy such Liberties and priviledges as heretofore they have lawfully wed and enjoyed. Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That this Act or any thing therein contained

shall not in any wise extend to debarr or hinder the Maior and Burgesses of the Burrough of Saint Albans in the County of Hertford or their Successors from enjoying useing and exercising of all such Libertyes Powers and Authorities to them heretofore granted by severall Letters Patents under the Great Seale of England by Queene Elizabeth and King James of famous memory es for the erecting appointing and licensing of three severall Wine Taverns within the Burrough aforesaid for and towards the maintenance of the Free schoole there, but that the same Liberty es Powers and Authorities shall be and are hereby established and confirmed and shall remaine [& continue1] in and to the said Maior and Burgesses and their Successors to and for the charitable use aforesaid, and according to the tenor of the Letters Patents aforesaid as though this Act had never beene made Any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe That it shall not nor may be lawfull to or for any Officer or Officers to be appointed by His Majestie for the carrying on of this service to take demand or receive any Fees Reward? or summes of money whatsoever for or in respect of this Service other then Five shillings for a License Fower pence for an Acquittance and Six pence for a Bond under the penalty of Ten pound?, one moyety thereof to the Kings Majestie the other moyety to the pson or peons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe wager of Law Essoigne or Protection shall be allowed, Any thing herein or any other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That noe Merchant Vintner Wine Cooper or other person selling or retailing any wine shall mingle or utter any Spanish wine mingled with any French wine or Rinish wine Sider Perry Honey Sugar Sirops of Sugar Molasses or any other Sirops whatsoever, nor putt in any Isinglasse Brimstone Lime Raisins Juce of Raisins Water nor any other Liquor [nor3] Ingredients, nor any Clary or other Herbe nor any sort of Flesh whatsoever And that noe Merchant Vintner Wine Cooper or other person telling or retailing any Wine shall mingle or utter any French wines mingled with any Rhinish wines or Spanish wines Sider Perry Stummed wine Vitrioll Honey Sugar Sirop of Sugar Molasses or any (4)Sirops whatsoever nor put in any Isinglasse Brimstone Lime Raisons Juce of Raisons Water nor any other Liquor or Ingredients nor any Clary or other Herbe nor any sort of Flesh whatsoever, And that noe Merchant Vintner Wine Cooper or other person selling or retailing any Wine shall mingle or utter any Rhinish wine mingled with any French wines or Spanish wines Sider Perry Stummed wine Vitrioll Honey Sugar Sirops of Sugar Molasses [nor3] any other Sirops whatsoever, nor put in any Isinglasse Brimstone Lime Raisons Juice of Raisons Water nor any other Liquor or Ingredients nor any Clary or other Herbe, nor any sort of Flesh whatsoever. And that all and every person and persons committing any of the offences aforesaid shall incurr the paines and penalties herein after mentioned That is to say Every Merchant Wine-Cooper or other person selling any sort of Wines in grosse mingled or abused as aforesaid shall forfeit and lose for every such offence One hundred pound?, And that every Vintner or other person selling any [sort5] of Wine by retaile mingled or abused as aforesaid shall forfeite and lose [for every such offence'] the summe of Forty pound?, of which forfeitures one moyety shall goe unto die Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors the other moyety to the Informer to be recovered in any Court of Record by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or wager of Law shall be allowed.

V.

The King may appoint Officers aa he shall think fit.

Salaries not to exceed Sixpence in the Pound.

VI.

Revenue to be paid into Exchequer, and not to be charged with Gift or Pension.

Agents to return into Exchequer, in Michaelmas and Easter Terms, what Licences they have granted, and the Rents reserved.

VII. Proviso for the Privilege of the Two Universities.

VIII. Proviso for Society of Vintners of London.

IX. Proviso for the Borough of St. Albans.

X.

Fees of Officers for Licences, Acquittances, and Bonds, Penalty j£to*

XI.

Mixing, &c. Wines and other Things.

Persons selling Wines not to mingle the same.

Mingling or abusing Wines,

Penalty j£ioo.

Retailers offending, Penalty £+q.

12° Car. II. c. 25, 26.

A.D. 1660.

XII.

The Prices of Wine.

Penalty.

XIII. Lord Chancellor, &c. may set the Prices of Wines yearly, or alter the same.

Prices to be proclaimed.

Selling at greater Prices;

Penalty.

Default of Lord Chancellor, &c. setting Prices.

Provided alwayes and be it Enacted That from and after the First day of September One thousand six hundred sixde and one noe Canary wines Muskadel or Alegant or other Spanish or sweet Wines shall be sold or uttered by any person or persons within His Majestyes Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede by retaile for above Eighteene pence the Quart, And that noe Gascogne or French Wines whatsoever shall be sold by retaile above eight pence the Quart, And that noe Rhenish wines whatsoever shall be sold by retaile above Twelve pence the Quart (And according to these Rates for a greater and lesser quantity all and every the said Wines shall and may be sold) upon paine and penalty that every [such1] person and persons who shall utter or sell any of the said Wines by retaile that is to say by the Pint Quart Potle, or Gallon or [by'] any other greater or lesser retaile measure at any rate exceeding the rates hereby limitted doe and shall forfeit for every such Pint Quart Potle Gallon or other greater or lesser quantity soe sold by retaile the summe of Five pounds, the one moyetie of which forfeiture shall be to our Soveraigne Lord the King His Heires and Successors and the other moyety to him or them that will sue for the same to be recovered in manner and forme aforesaid.

Provided neverthelesse That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Lord Chauncellour of England, Lord Treasurer, Lord President of the Kings Councell Lord Privy Seale and the two Cheife Justices or Five Fower or three of them. And they are hereby authorized yearely and every yeare betweene the twentyeth day of November and the last day of December and noe other times to sett the Prises of all and every the said Wines to be sold by retaile as aforesaid at higher or lower Rates then are herein contained, soe that they or any of them cause the Prises by them sett to be written, and open Proclamation thereof to be made in the Kings Court of Chauncery yearely in the Terme time, or else in the Citty Burrough or Towne Corporate where any such Wines shall be sold. And that all and every the said Wines shall and may be sold by retaile at such Prises as by them or any Five, Fower or Three of them shall be sett as aforesaid from time to time for the space of one whole yeare to commence from the first day of February next after the setting thereof and noe longer, and noe greater Prises under the paines and penaltyes aforesaid to be recovered as aforesaid, and afierwardf, and in default of such setting of Prises by the said Lord Chauncellour of England Lord Treasurer Lord President of the Kings Councell Lord Privy Sealer and the two Cheife Justices or Five Fower or Three of them as aforesaid at the respective Rates and Prises sett by this Act, and under the penalties as aforesaid to be recovered as aforesaid.

Rot. Parl. 12 C. //. £.3. mu. 6.

Recital that there are Arrears and Sums of Money upon tbeAssesiment' herein mentioned in the Hands of Collectors, &c.

Commissioners for disbanding the Army to cause Arrears and Sums of Money in Collectors’ Hands to be levied and raid to the late Treasurers at War.

Proviso for certain Disbursements herein mentioned.

CHAPTER XXVI.

An Act for the levying of the Arreares of the twelve moneths Assessment commenceing the sower and twentyeth [day*] of June One thousand six hundred fifty nine, and the six moneths Assessment commenceing the five and twentyeth [day*] of December One thousand sixe hundred fifty nine.

WHEREAS there are severall great Summes of money yet uncollefted and in arreare, and diverse Summes of money in the hands of the Collectors and not paid in, due upon the twelve monethes Assessment commencing the twenty fourth of June One thousand six hundred fifty nine, and upon the six monethes Assessment commencing the twenty fifth of December One thousand six hundred fifty nine for payment of the Arreares of His Majestyes Army now disbanding and to be disbanded notwithstanding all former orders, and His Majesties Proclamation for the speedy levying and collecting thereof. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same that the Commissioners nominated and appointed in the respective Countyes Cittyes and Corporations of this Kingdome, the Dominion of Wales and the Towne of Berwicke in an Act made this present Parliament for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdome both by Land and Sea, doe forthwith cause all the said Arreares to be leavyed and collected by such wayes and meanes as the same was formerly appointed to be levyed and collected, and likewise all such summes of money as remaine in any Collectors hand? to be speedily paid in to James Nelthorp and John Lawson Esquiers late Treasurers at Warr for and towards the speedy disbanding and paying off the said Forces, Provided alwayes that the Summe of five hundred and twenty pounds and twelve shillings disbursed by Robert Quarum Receiver Generali of the County of Cornwall by the desire and direction of the Commissioners of the Assessments and other gentlemen of the said County for the publique Service of the Kingdome. And alsoe the Summe of seaventy pounds disbursed by the Towne of Lyme Regis in the County of Dorset for the same Service shall be and are hereby discharged and allowed unto the said Receiver and Towne of Lyme Regis as if the same had beene actually paid into the Treasurers appointed to receive the same. Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1 interlined on the Roll.

1 0. omits.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 27.

269

CHAPTER XXVII.

An Act for granting unto the Kings Majestie Fower hundred and twenty thousand pounds by an Assessment of three score and ten thousand pounds by the moneth for six moneths for disbanding the remainder of the Army, and paying off the Nay,.

WHEREAS It was well hoped that the Moneyes enacted to be raised by several 1 Acts of this Parliament v v that is to say one AS entituled An Act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdome both by Land and sea, and one other Act endtuled An Act for supplying and explaining certaine defects in an Act endtuled An Act for the speedy provision of money for the disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdome both by Land and Sea, and one other Act endtuled An Act for raising seavenscore thousand pounds for the compleate disbanding of the whole Army and paying off some part of the Navy would have effectually sufficed to have compleately disbanded the Annies and paid off the Navy, but by the slow comeing in of the same moneyes the growing charge being still kepte on the same cannot be effected without further supply, and if [noe*] further supply should be made the growing Charge would become insupportable, The Commons assembled in Parliament doe therefore give and grant unto your most excellent Majestie for the uses herein after expressed and noe other the summe of sower hundred and twenty thousand pounds to be raised and leavyed in manner following, and doe humbly pray your most Excellent Majestie that it may be enacted. And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled that the summe of threescore and ten thousand pounds by the moneth for six moneths begining from the first day of January One thousand six hundred and sixty shall be assessed taxed collected leayed and paid in the severall Countyes Cittyes and Burroughs Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to such rates rules and proportions and by the same Commissioners as in and by a certaine Act past this Parliament entituled Act for raiseing of seavenscore thousand pounds for the compleate disbanding of the whole Army and paying off some part of the Navy, which said Commissioners shall meete on or before the twelfth day of January One thousand six hundred and sixty, and are hereby enabled to use and execute all and every the like rates rules proportions powers and authorities as in and by the said Act are mentioned and referred unto, or expressed as folly and amply as if the same had beene perticularly inserted in this present Act,

And Be it further enacted that the summe of Two hundred and tenn thousand pounds being one Moyety of the six moneths Assessment hereby imposed shall be assessed collected levyed and paid into the Receiver or Receivers Generali who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners upon or before the first day of February One thousand six hundred and sixty, and the other Two hundred and ten thousand pounds residue thereof upon

or before the first day of April One thousand six hundred sixty one,

And Be it further enacted that all and every the Summes to be collected and levyed by vertue of this present Act shall be paid at the Guild hall of the Citty of London unto Sir George Cartwright Sir Richard Browne Lord Maior of the Citty of London Sir James Bunce Sir William Wheeler Sir William Vincent Thomas Rich Esquire and the Chamberlaine of the Citty of London for the time being who are hereby appointed Treasurers for the Receipt thereof, and the Acquittances of them or any three of them shall be a sufficient discharge for soe much as shall be received by vertue of this Act to any person or persons who shall pay in the same,

And whereas there is a present necessity of raising of eighty thousand pounds, Be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that if any person or persons of the Citty of London or any other place who hath or have advanced any moneyes upon the credit of an Act of this Parliament entituled An Act for raiseing seavenscore thousand pounds for the compleate disbanding of the whole Army and paying off some part of the Navy shall continue the Loane of such Moneyes upon the Credit of this Act, and declare, the same under his or their hands unto the Treasurers by

this Act appointed before the one and thirtyeth day of December one thousand six hundred and sixty, and if any

other person or persons shall advance One hundred pounds or upwardf upon the credit of this Act and before the tenth day of January One thousand six hundred and sixty pay the same unto the said Treasurers then every such person & persons soe continuing or advancing as aforesaid shall not onely doe a very acceptable Service but shall alsoe receive from the said Treasurers out of the last one hundred and ten thousand pounds which shall be received upon the second payment appointed by this Act his and their principall money with interest at the rate of ten pounds per Cent per Annum from the time of such declaration and advancement respectively Any Law Act or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding, and the said Treasurers are hereby required to make payment accordingly, and not to receive any more money to be advanced as aforesaid then what with the money soe to be continued will amount to eighty thousand pounds.

And Be it further Enacted that the Treasurers by this Act appointed shall receive for them and those to be imployed under them in this Service one penny in the pound in such manner as they ought to receive by the Act last before mentioned.

R&t.PmrL itC.II. AS-

c. 9. ante, c. io.nu.

c. so. ante.

Reasons for the present GfaS*

Grant of

*04*0,000.

to be paid in Six Months at 46*70^00 per Month.

By the Rules and Commissioners of c. so. ante. Commissioners to meet isth Jan. 1660, to execute Act

II.

to be paid

to Receiver General 1st February 1660* The other Moiety 1st April 1661.

III.

Monies coUeded to be paid at the Guildhall of London to Treasurers hereby appointed.

IV.

Persons who have advanced Money on Credit of c. so- ante, continuing the Loan and declaring the same under their Hand, and other Persons advancing Blooey;

to receive Payment out of the last 4&110,000 of the said Assessment, with Interest at s£io per Cent, per Aon.

V.

Allowance to Treasurers, Ac. id. in the Pound.

And Be it further enacted that all and every the Summes of money which by vertue of this present Act shall be paid to, or received by the Treasurers aforesaid shall from time to time be issued out according to such Warrants and directions onely as they or any three of them shall receive from the Commissioners named in one

VI.

Monies to be issued by Treasurers according to

3 1

12° Car. II. c.27.

A.D. 1660.

Warrant from Commissioner* under c. 15. ante. Monies issued to be employed,' first, in disbanding the Army.

The Residue in paying off the Fleet and Navy by the Rules after mentioned.

Ad of this present Parliament endtuled An Act for the speedy disbanding of the Army and garrisons of this Kingdome, or three of them who are hereby required and enjoyned at their perrills to take care and provide that the moneyes soe as aforesaid to be issued out be imployed onely to the uses intents and purposes hereafter following and to noe other use intent or purpose whatsoever that is to say principally and in the first place for and towards the totall disbanding of the present Army and Garrisons untill that worke be fully perfeded and compleated according to such rules and instructions as touching the disbanding of the Army in the said Act last mentioned are contained. And after the Army shall be wholly disbanded, then the residue of the moneyes to be raised by vertue of this present Act or due or behind on any former Act shall be employed for and towards the paying off of the Fleet and Navy according to such rules orders and instrudions as touching the payment of the Navy are herein after mentioned and not otherwise.

VII. And Be it further enacted that an Accompt of all the moneyes by vertue of this Act to be received shall be

Acyi^of Money given by the said Treasurers to this or any other succeeding Parliament which shall require the same, or to such Parliament. person or persons as by this or any other succeeding Parliament shall be thereunto appointed.

VIII.

Manor*, 8cc. formerly useued, and now in the PoMestion of the King and Queen, or of any Ecclesiastical Person, not exempt from Assessment.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared that noe Mannors Lands Tenements and Hereditaments which were formerly assessed and taxed for and towards former Assessments and Land Taxes and are now in the possession or holding of His Majesde or of the Queenes Highnesse, or of any Ecclesiasdcall person or persons or his her or their Farmers and Tennants shall be exempted from the payment of the severall summes of money in this Act comprised, but that the said Mannours Lands Tenements and Hereditaments shall be rated assessed and taxed for and towards the [said1] severall Summes of money in this Act comprised in such manner and forme as they were of late rated taxed and assessed for and towards the said former Land Rates, Any Law Statute or Custome to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

IX.

Proviso for Peer*.

[Provided alsoe that noe thing herein contained shall be drawne into example to the prejudice of the auntient Rights belonging to the Peeres of this Realme1]

X.

Commissioners

named.

And Be it declared and enacted by the authorise aforesaid that these persons hereafter named shall be added Commissioners for their severall Countyes Places and Prednds respectively and shall exercise the same powers as the other Comissioners intended by this Act are authorized and impowered to doe that is to say

Berks

For the County of Berks Peregrine Hobby Richard Harrison Esq" John Fettyplace of Femham Esqs Samuell Woodcox.

Burrough of New Windsor For the Burrough of New Windsor Andrew Plumpton Richard Fishbome Gens.

Bucks

For the County of Bucks William Tirringham Esquire, Sir Thomas Hampson Baronet, Sir Philip Palmer Baronet Anthony Ratclisse Esquire.

Cambridge

For the County of Cambridge Sir Thomas Dayrell John Bennet Esquire Sir Anthony Cage Levinus Bennet.

Isle of Ely

For the Isle of Ely Roger Jennings Esquire.

Chester

For the County of Chester Sir George Warburton Baronet Edward Warren Esquire Jeffery Shakerley Esquire, Henry Leigh Esquire.

Citty of Chester

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester, The Maior for the time being.

Cornwall

For the County of Comewall Robert Roberts Esquire Sir William Tredingham Joseph Tredingham Thomas Penhallow The Knights and Burgesses that serve for the said County, and James Eirsey Gen?, The Maior of Lostwithell for the time being John Mollesworth Esquire William Williams of Trevythen.

Cumberland

For the County of Cumberland Mr Anthony Bouch Mr Richard Uriah Mr Thomas Croswhat Mr Robert Webster.

12° Car. II. c.27.

271

Devon

For the County of Devon Nicholas Davyes Doctor of Phisicke William Jennens Gen! Edmond Tremaine (■) William Putt (*) John Kellond (') William Bogan (*) George Howard (*) John Kelley (') James Rodd [Esquiers1] Walter Jago Francis Drew Esq" William Walrond Esquire John Blagdon Gen! John Hamm Gen! Henry Newte.

Yorke

For the West riding in the County of Yorke Welbury Norton Esquire Robert Wivell Esquire Richard Roundhill Gen! William Hamond Esquire Walter Hawkesworth Esquire Cuthbert Wade John Preston Gen! Arthur Ingram Esquire Edward Atkinson William Witham Gen! Samuell Sunderland Esquire Thomas Ward Gen! Sir William Ingram Knight Sir John Goodricke Baronet Sir Thomas Wentworth (*) Sir Edward Rodes [Knights*] Godfrey Copley of Sprotsbrough John Clayton Josua Horton Thomas Stringer Esquiers, The Alderman of Leedes for the time being.

Yorke North-rideing

For the North-rideing in the County of Yorke Sir William Caley Arthur Caley Esquire William Wivell Esquire Sir Thomas Gower Baronet Thomas Worseley (*) Charles Tankred [Esquiers1] Sir William Francklin Baronet, The Bailiffes of Scarborough for the time being Tristram Fish Robert Belt (') Thomas Robinson Thomas Scudamore Esquiers.

Yorke Citty

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke All the Aldermen of the Citty of Yorke.

Kingston upon Hull For the Towne of Hull Mr George Crowle.

Essex

For the County of Essex Mr Edward Glascocke Mr Miles Hubbart Mr John Smart Captaine Hunter Dean Tindell Esquire Isaac Wincoll Thomas [Clapton3] Thomas Peek, Peter Johnson Thomas Manby Esquiers

Gloucester

For the County of Gloucester Thomas Freame Thomas Floyd Samuell Shepard Phillip Shepard William Morgan Richard Daston John Tooke Esquiers Robert Lord Tracy Thomas Morgan Esquire Sir Nicholas Throckemorton Knight William Bromage Gen! William Winter of Dimmock Gen! Richard Matchen Gen!, John Winnyatt Gent Thomas Aylway Gen!.

Hereford

For the County of Hereford Sir Herbert Parret Knight, John Bamaby of Brookehampton Esqs Thomas Baskerville of Collington Gen! John Booth of Hereford Esqs.

Citty of Hereford

For the Citty of Hereford Thomas Davies Esquire Maior James Lawrence Gen! Thomas Clerke Gen!.

Hertford

For the County of Hertford Marmaduke Rawden James Willimot junior Gen! Thomas Arras Doctor of Phisicke Richard Combes Esq* Sir Robert Joslin Knight Thomas Cappin Edward Briscoe John Halsey Esq* Mr Fetherstone of Blackeswere Edward Brograve Ralph Gore Thomas Brograve Edward Cason Thomas Bonnest Henry Becher Henry Chauncey George Bromley Alexander Meade John Crouch James Willimot junior George Poyner Gent John Jesson Esq*

Sl Albans

For the Burrough of Saint Albans William Foxwist Esquire Recorder Mr John New Mr Edward Earns Mf Thomas [Cawley4] Senior Mr William Marston Sir Henry Conningsby Edmond Smith Alban Cox Richard Combes Esquire Thomas Marston Gen!.

Kent

For the County of Kent Sir William Mann Sir Edward Masters Thomas Peake Esquire, Sir Thomas Godfrey The Maior of Maidston for the time being Sir William Merideth Baronet Sir Thomas Peirce Baronet Mr Richard Manley Mr Thomas Manley.

Sandwich

For the Towne of Sandwich John Verrier, Peter Peke Gen!

1 Ejq O.

3 Knight 0.

3 Clop ton 0.

4 Cowley 0.

272

12° Car. II. c. 27.

A.D. 166Q.

Lancaster

For the County of Lancaster Henry Bannester Esquire Jeffery Rushton Gen! Richard Fleetwood Gen! John Mollineux Esquire William Fife Esquire Sir George Midleton Knight and Baronet Mathew Richardson Esq* Robert Heywood Esquire Roger Stoughton of the Citty of London Thomas Butler Richard Farrington William Wall William Turner Henry Brabin, William Hodgekenson Gen!.

Lincolne

For the County of Lincolne and Citty and County of the same Edward Turney (') William Lister [Esquiers *] Sir Robert DalUson Barronet Sir Charles Dallison Knight William Draper Samuell Proctor William Thompson Humphrey Walcot Thomas Mills Maurice Dalton John Watson William Willoughby Henry Heron Marmaduke Darrell John Ogle Anthony Treadway William Skipwith Thomas Browne of Eastkirby John Almore Mr Skinner of Thornton Colledge Thomas Harrington William Whichcot Charles Pelham junior Roger Pelham Mr John Lockton Mr John Hobson junior Mr Henry Hall Mr Charles Bawdes Mr John Colthurst Mr William Bishop and Mr Edward Blaw Aldermen Mr William Perkins Mr Thomas Mills Mr Peregrine Bucke Mr William Dowman Mr Thomas Dickenson Mf John Thornton and Richard Wetherell Aldermen.

London

For the Citty of London Nicholas Delves Esq* Benjamin Albin Richard Spencer.

Midlesex

For the County of Midlesex Sir John Robinson Barronet Leiutenant of the Tower Sir Richard Browne Thomas [Bride1] Thomas Harrison of South Mimes Sir William Bateman Leiutenant Collonell Powell Charles Pitfeild Esq* Robert Peyton John Jones John Limbrey Edward Chard Richard Shelton Esq* William Page Esq* Roger Jennings Esq* Sir Heneage Finch [Baronet3]His Majestyes Sollicker Generali Cheney of Hackney Esq* Leiutenant Collonell

Powell Charles Cheney of Chelsey Ch istopher Abdy Esq* Sir Allen Broadricke John Barton Esquire.

Westminster

For the Citty of Westminster and Liberties thereof Gabriall Becke Esquire Mr Graham, Peter Maplesden George Plunknet Thomas Kirke William Greene George Farewell Ralph Darnell.

Monmouth

For the County of Monmouth William Jones of Fro wen Esquire James Proger Charles Proger.

Northampton

For the County of Northampton Edward Onely (‘) John Thornton (*) John Willoughby [Esquiers.1]

Norffolke

For the County of Norffolke George Windham Robert Doughty of Hanworth (*) Robert Legar [Esquiers1] Henry Scarborough Gen! Mr John Roops Mr Thomas Talbot Mr Henry Blackbome Gen!.

Burrough of Lyn Regis

For the Burrough of Lyn Regis John Basset Maior Robert Steward Esq* Recorder Thomas Greene William Wharton Henry Bell Robert Thoroughgood Alderman Holley.

Great Yarmouth

For the Towne of Great Yarmouth Nicholas Cutting James Simondf Bailiffes there Sir John Potts Knight and Baronet Sir William Doyley Knight Sir Thomas Meadow Knight Thomas Gooch George England John Carter Nathaniell Ashby Thomas Lucas Jolin Woodroffe James Johnson Esquiers George Tilyard Gent

Thetford

For the whole Burrough and Corporation of Thetford The Maior for the time being Mr John Kendall Gen! Mr Bourage Martin Maurice Shelton [Esquiers1] Mr Robert Keddington Gen! Mr Nicholas Rookwood Mr Robert Wright of Kilveston.

Newcastle upon Tine

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tine Sir Nicholas Cole Knight and Barronet Sir Francis Bows Knight Sir Francis Anderson Knight Sir John Marley.

Nottingham

For the County of Nottingham Francis Sandis Esq* Thomas Bristow (4) William Newton [Gentlemen.4]

12° Car. II. c. 27.

273

East Retford

For the Burrough of East Retford The Bayliffes for the time being.

Oxon

For the County of Oxon William Glyn (*) John West [Esquiers'] John Coker Gen! James Herbert Esq* Sir Thomas Tippin.

University of Oxford

Mr Robert Withers M* Edward Master Mr David Thomas Mr Gregory Ballard Mr Timothy Horton.

The Citty of Oxford For the Citty of Oxford Francis Holloway William Cornish.

Salop

For the County of Salop Charles Baldwin (* ) Samuel Baldwin [Esquiers'] Mr Moore of Midleton Mr [Bishop •] of the Moore Benjamin Buckley.

Stafford

For the County of Stafford Thomas Ruddiard Esq* John Colclough (*) Timothy Edge [Gentlemen. 4]

Somerset

For the County of Somerset William Orange Esq* William Bacon Senior Gen! John Cridland Gen! Mawdley Sambome (*) John Carew (*) Roger Newborough (*) James Haise [Esq". ']

(5) The Citty of Bristoll

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Bristol! The Maior and Sheriffes for the time being John knight the Elder William Coulston John Bradway William Coles.

(5) The Citty of Bath For the Citty of Bath John Vane John Masters Aldermen.

Southampton

For the County of Southampton with the Towne and County Mr Essex Powlet Richard Lucy9 (*) Gabrieli Whistler [Esquiers.1]

Isle of Wight

For the Isle of Wight Thomas Bowreman Esquier John Oglander of Newport Gen!»

Suffolke

For the County of Suffolke George Winiffe William Blumfield Esqs Mr John Brooke MT Milton of Ipswich Mr Edmond Bedingfield Mr Francis Langley Mr Thomas Read Mr Rabbit of Bramfield Matham Esquire

Gardiner Web Gen!.

S‘ Edmondf Bury

For S' Edmondf Bury Francis Smith Robert Sharpe Samuell Hustler.

Surrey

For the County of Surrey Edward Evelin (*) John Yates (1) Richard Knipe [Esquiers *] Mr John Parker Sir Purbeck Temple (‘) Sir Thomas Bludworth [Knights6] Thomas Rogers (’) Charles Good Hannon Atwood Esquiers John Parker of Rigate.

Rye in the County of Sussex For the Towne of Rye Samuell Bembrig, James Welsh Thomas Ostmonton.

Worcester

For the [Towne7] of Worcester Sir John Packington Baronet Sir Rowland Barkley Knight, Sir John Windford Knight Samuell Sandis (1) Henry Townesend (1) John Bearcroft [Esqs,1] Sir Ralph Clare Knight of the Bath.

1 Esq O. * Bushop O. * Gentt 0.

4 GenI 0. * For 0.

• Knight 0. ’ County 0.

4 A

874

12" Car. II. c.27.

A.D. 1660.

Worcester Citty

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester Edward Soley Alderman Samuell Smith (1) Thomas Twitty [Gentlemen*3 Henry Townsend Esquire Sir William MooretonKnight Humphrey Tirer (*) Richard Heming (*) Stephen Richardson [Gentleman1] Sir John Packington Sir Rowland Berkley Sir Ralph [Clare1] Sir John Wilford, Samuell Sandis Esquire.

Warwicke

For the County of Warwicke Lister of Alveston Esquier Richard Bishop of Stratford Esqs.

Coventry

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry, Sir Arthur Caley Knight, The Maior of Coventry for the time being Henry Smith Alderman Sir Richard Hoppkins Knight William Jesson (’) Thomas Norton [Esquiers,1] Mr Thomas Love (4) Mathew Smith (4) Samuell Snell (*) William [Jellififfe5] (4) Robert Beake (4) James Nailer [Aldermen.4]

Towne of Warwicke

For the Towne of Warwicke Sir Henry Puckerim Baronet Sir Clement Throckmorton Knight John Rouse (*) Nathaniel! Stoughton, (3) John Stanton [Esquiers,J] Lister of Alveston Esqs Richard Bishop of Stratford.

Wilts

For the County of Wilts Walter Buckland (3) Thomas Mompesson (s) William Caley [Esquiers3] Mathew Rayman Gent Tho Hunt Gent Robert Chandler Robert Nicholas of Alcainings William Broomewich Gent Samuell Eyre Gent Simon Spatchurst Esquire Christopher Gardiner Gent Mr Francis Parry.

Sarum

For the Citty of New Sarum Samuell Eyre Gent Simon Spatchurst Esqs Christopher Gardiner Gent.

Anglesey

For the Isle of Anglesey Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley.

Brecon

For the County of Brecon William Jones John Gwin Henry Stedman Edward Powell.

Cardigan

For the County of Cardigan James Phillips (3) Morgan Herbert (3) Thomas Jenkins (3) Erasmus Lloyd (3) Thomas Evans (3) Henry Vaughen (3) Thomas Price the Elder [Esquiers3] Thomas Lloyd of Yinshen (*) Morris Vaughan (*) John Price Gent Thomas Parry Reighnold Jenkins John Bowen Thomas Lewis Hector Phillips Nicholas Lewis William Jones Abel Griffin Esquiers Waftkin Lloyde(*) John Griffith of Noyadd [Gentlemen,1] The Maior of Cardigan for the time being Rees Gwin David Morgan Aldermen.

Carmarthen

For the County of Carmarthen Jonathan Lloyde Walter Lloyde Walter Mansell.

Carnarvon

For the County of Carnarvon Griffith Bodurda John Lloyde of Nangwanadale Robert ^winn of Conway William Winn of Pengwoone William Thomas of Carnarvon, Jonathan Lloyde Walter Lloyde Walter Mansell.

Denbigh

For the County of Denbigh Francis Manly Esq*.

Flint

For the County of Flint Kenrick Eaton Esq>.

Glamorgan

For the County of Glamorgan John Price of Courtcame Morgan Morgan Esqs.

Mountgomery

For the County of Mountgomery William Oakly Edmond Wareing of Oldbury David Morris Esqss John Mathews Henry Pursell John Kiffin William Price of Llanligan John Loyde of Conway.

Haverford West

For the Towne and County of Haverford West Sir Herbert Perrot Knight William Browne Alderman.

A.D. 1660.

12° Cab. II. c.27

275

Rules Orders and Instru&iona for the discharging and paying off the Navy and other debts relating thereunto.

t. The Commissioners hereby appointed for disbanding the Army and discharging the Navy shall proceede [ therein*} in manner following viz First they are to disband the remaining part of the Army according to the former Rules in that behalfe made, which done they are then first to discharge and pay off those sixty five Shipps which are now out of imployment, and of them in the first place those whose Commanders Officers and Seamen have the least pay due to them and after them [then '] they are to pay off the Men aboard those thirty six ships now in His Majestyes Service which entred on his pay the twenty fourth of June last

ij. That all the Commanders Officers and Marriners who served in person and were in Service upon any of the sixty five of His Majestyes Ships on the twenty fifth of Aprill One thousand six hundred and sixty and have taken the oathes of Alleigiance and Supremacie or shall take the same when they shall be therunto required and have not since deserted the Service, nor beene discharged for misdemeanour shall with all convenient speede have their Accompts stated (by the Auditors hereafter appointed) and therupon receive all .their Arreares of their pay from the fowerteenth of March One thousand six hundred fifty eight to the day of their discharge. And the Comanders Officers and Marriners of the aforesaid thirty six Ships which were in Service on the twenty fifth of Aprill One thousand six hundred and sixty, and have taken the Oathes of Alleigiance and Supremacy or shall take the same as aforesaid and have not deserted the Service shall have their Accompts stated as before, and receive their pay from the said fowerteenth of March One thousand six hundred fifty eight untill the twenty fourth of June One thousand six hundred and sixty next following, And the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall upon sight of the Accompts soe stated as before cause the said Captaines Officers and Marriners Wages successively to be paid by the Treasurers appointed by this Act out of the money which shall come in of the six monethes Assessment, or any other money heretofore appointed for the paying or disbanding the Army, and discharging the Navy, [and if any further Arreares shall be claimed and appeare to be due to any such Commanders Officers or Marriners in Service as aforesaid for Service at Sea from or after the fowerteenth of March One thousand six hundred fifty seaven, and to or before the fowerteenth of March one thousand six hundred fifty and eight, that in such case the Auditors hereby appointed shall examine all such Arreares and draw up a state thereof to be presented to the next Parliament in order to their satisfaction. *]

Hj. That noe Money be paid or allowed to any person before mentioned for any short allowance of Victualls made or pretended to be made them either at Sea, or in harbour, and if it shall appeare that any money cloaths goods wares or merchandices have beene paid or sold by any publique Minister Officer or other person to any Commander Officer or Seaman of the aforesaid Ships upon Accompt of their pay since the fowerteenth of March one thousand six hundred fifty eight, in such case all the said Moneyes soe paid and the Value of the Cloathes goods wares and merchandices soe sold and delivered within the time of their said Service shall be defaulked out of their pay aforesaid, and the Summes soe defaulked shall be paid by Warrants of the Commissioners charged on the Treasurers unto such person & persons to whom the same of right belongeth out of the money that shall come in of the six moneths Assessment, or any other moneyes heretofore appointed for paying or disbanding of the Army and Navy in course next after the Commanders Officers and Seamen are paid.

hr. That after the Accompts of the Commanders Officers and Seamen are stated then the Auditors shall state the Accompt of the Ship-keepers, and of all Officers on Shore in the yards and Storehouses at Deptford Woolwich Chat.ham Portsmouth Harwich and other places to be stated from the fowerteenth of March One thousand six hundred fifty eight to the twenty fourth of June last past after the Rates accustomed to be paid by His Majesde and according to their severall capacities at which time the said Commissioners are to give them Warrants charged upon the Treasurers to pay them their severall Summes out of the moneye that shall come into their hands of the six moneths Assessment or any other money heretofore appointed for paying or disbanding of the Army and Navy in course next after the common Marriners Seamen Commanders Officers and their Servants are discharged and paid, and the money from them defaulked as before fully satisfied.

v. That the said Auditors shall state the Accompts of the Victuallers from the said fowerteenth day of March One thousand six hundred fifty eight to the day of the severall Ships discharge, for as many as are out of employment as before, and to the twenty fourth day of June for the remaining part of the Navy now in His Majestyes Service in the Winter guard and assigne them payment in course on the Treasurers before mentioned to be paid out of the Money remaining in their hands out of the six moneths assessment or any other money heretofore appointed for the paying or disbanding of the Army and Navy next after the Sumes formerly ordered are paid.

v). That the Auditors shall from the said fowerteenth [day3] of March One thousand six hundred fifty eight state the Accompts of all Men that shall or may justly claime any Money for quarters and cures of the Sicke and wounded Seamen sett ashore out of His Majestyes Ships in any Towne or Corporation in this Kingdome, and for the quarters and Cures of the Sicke and wounded Soldiers sent over from Flaunders, which being soe stated the said Commissioners shall assigne them their money by Warrant on the Treasurers to be paid in course next after the Commanders Officers and Marriners aforesaid, and the Officers and Ship-keepers aforesaid are paid and satisfied.

Commissioners, after disbanding the remainder of the Army, to pay off 65 Snipe.

Account* of the said Ship# to be stated, and to receive Arrears of Pay.

Commissioners, upon sight of Accounts stated, to cause Wagea to be paid.

As to short Allowance and Money, Clothes, &c. paid or sold to Captains, Ac. of the said 65 Ship# on account of their Pay.

As to Auditors stating the Accounts of Officers in the Yards, and Commissioners acting thereon.

As to Auditors stating the Accounts of the Victuallers, and assigning Payment on toe Treasurers.

As to Auditors stating the Accounts of

Persons making Claims for Quarters and Cure of ack and wounded

Seamen; and assigning Payment on Treasurers.

12° Car. II. c. 27.

A.D. 1660.

As to Auditors stating the Account of Arrears of Pay due to Captains, &c. dead or discharged by Ticket, and Commissioners acting thereon.

As to Auditors stating the Accounts of all other Persons making Claims for Maintenance of Prisoners, Stores, &c. sold for the Use of the Navy, and assigning Payment on Treasurer.

As to the Appointment of Auditors.

Oath to be taken by Auditor before acting.

Commissioners to administerOath, and issue out Warrants for Payment of Accounts certified by Auditors.

As to Chief Officers of the Navy delivering to Commissioners a List of the said Ships and their Officers and Crew, See.

As to Pursers, &c. of the Navy attending and delivering Accounts,

Books, &c. to the Auditors.

As to .Pursers making false Musters, &c. Penalty, &c.

As to Captains, &c. upon their Discharge delivering up their respective Ships, &c. to Persons appointed by the King or the Admiralty.

Captains, Sec. offending.

Penalty.

As to

Commissioners appointing Clerk*, &c. and giving Salaries.

vij. That if in case any Commanders Officers or Marriners shall have dyed or beene discharged by ticket out of any the said Ships and their arreares of pay not satisfied, in such case the Auditors shall state the Accompts of the persons soe dead or discharged from the said fowerteenth day of March One thousand six hundred fifty eight to the day of their death or discharge according to their severall capacities, and the Commissioners shall therupon give Warrants upon the Treasurers by this Act appointed for the payment of the Sumes to them or their Assignee in course when the Commanders and Officers of the severall Ships to which they did belong at the time of their death or discharge, and the debts for cure of the sicke and wounded are satisfied.

viij. That the said Auditors shall alsoe state the severall Accompts of all other persons which can or may justly claime any debt to be due unto him or them for any provision maintenance of prisoners good? wares merchandices stores ammunition and other necessaries sold and delivered to any publique Minister to and for the use of the Navy aforesaid from the fowerteenth of March One thousand six hundred fifty eight to the twenty fourth of June One thousand six hundred and sixty and order them payment in course after the before mentioned Summes are

paid by assignation on the Treasurers to be paid out of the money remaining in their hands out of the six

moneths Assessment or any other moneyes heretofore appointed for paying or disbanding of the Army and Navy.

ix. That for the better stating the Accompts of the Commanders Officers and Marriners of the said Navy and the severall other Accompts before recited and hereafter mentioned Arthur Sprey William Jessop Ralph Damall Samuel Atkins Richard Kingdon and Bartholimew Fillingham Esquiers and John Walker Gentleman shall be and are hereby appointed constituted and authorized to audite and cast up the Accompts of the aforesaid Commanders Officers Marriners and all other Mens Accompts relateing to the debt of the said Navy as before, and shall respectively before they enter theron, take an Oath in these words following. I doe sweare that to the best of my skill and judgement I shall examine and truely state all such Accompts as shall be committed to my care and

trust by the Commissioners for disbanding the Army and discharging the Navy or any three or more of them, and

shall and will to the best of my knowledge make true Certificates of all such Accompts to the said Commissioners or any three of them Soe helpe me God, Which said Oath the said Commissioners or any three of them as aforesaid are hereby authorized to administer accordingly Which Accompts soe certified by the said Auditors or any two of them, then the said Commissioners or any three of them shall have power and authoritie, and are hereby authorized and impowered to issue out Warrants from time to time to the respective Treasurers aforesaid for the payment of the severall Summes soe audited and due as aforesaid which Warrants together with the Acquittance of the persons to whom the same is payable thereupon shall be to the said Treasurers respectively a sufficient Warrant and discharge.

x. That the cheife Officers of His Majestyes Navy doe with all convenient speede deliver unto the Commissioners appointed by this Act a perfect List of the Names of all the aforesaid Ships that are to be discharged and the places in which they lie, and the names and simames of the Commanders Officers Marriners and Common Seamen to each Ship belonging and a perticular Accompt of the time that every person hath served, and what money or goods every or any one of them hath received.

xi. That the Pursers and Checks of the severall Ships of the Navy doe from time to time when they shall be

required thereunto attend the Auditors aforesaid, and deliver unto them a true and perfect Accompt of all the Commanders Officers Marriners and Seamen belonging to the said Ships, and shall produce the originall Muster booke and Pay bookes wherein the Names of the said Commanders Officers and Seamen were entered and give an exact accompt of what arreares is due unto them, and how and in what manner the same becomes due, the which bookes and Accompts shall by the said Pursers and Checks be delivered upon oath, which said Oath the Commissioners aforesaid or any three of them are hereby ordered to administer accordingly.

xij. That in case any Purser shall be found to make any false Muster, or shall muster any Captaine Officer or

Marriner by a false name or make any false ticket such Purser shall forfeit his or their respective wages, and be

imprisoned the space of six moneths, and in such case the Commissioners appointed by this Act or any two of

them are hereby impowered to committ them to prison accordingly.

xiij. That upon discharge of any of the Commanders Officers and Marriners of the Navy aforesaid, all the said Commanders Officers and Marriners shall deliver up all their respective Ships Guns Masts Sailes Yards Anchors Cables Tackle Apparell Provisions Ammunition and Stores which are in their possessions for His Majesties use [ *] such person or persons as His Majestie or the Lord High Admirall of England shall appoint to receive the same, and if any Commanders Officers or Seamen shall refuse to be discharged, or to deliver up the Stores aforesaid, or shall be found upon due proofe to have imbezelled any part thereof, or doe disswade others from being discharged, he or they soe offending shall forfeite [all1] his and their Arreares, and be further proceeded against according to their demirrit.

xiv. That the said Commissioners or any three of them as aforesaid shall have power to nominate appoint and imploy such Clerks Agents Messengers and Servants as shall bee necessary for the said Worke, and to make and give to them such reasonable Sallaries Allowances and Satisfactions as they shall thinke fitt, and alsoe to provide all other necessaries, and to defray all other charges relating to the same

1 The Roll is illegible here, but the word «* unto " is in the Original Act.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 27, 28.

277

xr. Thai the Commissioners formerly nominated by the House of Commons and by this Act continued and A« to Allowance appointed for this service shall have and receive for their Charge and paines in and about this Service • one penny of id. in the Pounds in the pound and noe more out of all such moneyes as shall be issued by vertue of this Act, and each of the and to Auditors Auditors aforesaid shall receive for his paines and charges in and about this service the summe of twenty shillings °*t09# * per diem dureing the continuance of this service, which the Treasurers of the aforesaid moneyes are hereby enabled and required to issue and pay accordingly.

xvi. That the Commissioners shall direct the said Treasurers from time to time to grant assignations (who are CommiMsoaen to

hereby required to observe the same) for such and soe many summes of money on the respective Receivers

or Treasurers for raiseing Money by the Ad aforesaid in the severall Countyes Cittyes or Places where they tions of such Sum understand any of the said money lyes, as the Commissioners for disbanding the Army and Navy, or any three ^ CmUoom

or more of them as aforesaid shall direct and appoint to such persons and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct.

or any three or more of them as aforesaid shall direct and appoint.

xvij. That the Commissioners herein named or any three of them shall and are hereby authorized to call to Commiseoeers accompt the present Treasurers in this Act named, and James Nelthrope and John Lawson Esquiers late Treasurers xmrarm to at Warrs or any other former Treasurers or Commissioners of the Army or Navy for all such summes of Money accouot, and as they or any of them stand accomptable for, and to cerdfie the same Accompts into his Majestyes Exchequer.

CHAPTER IXVm.

An Act for further suplying and explaining certaine defects in an Act intituled An Act for the speedy provision Rm. Pari, is C. II. of money for disbanding and paying off the forces of this kingdome both by land and sea. x*

WHEREAS through some doubts ariseing upon or by negligence in the execution of one Ad of this present

Vv Parliament intituled An Act for the speedy provision of money for the disbanding’and paying off the forces of this kingdome both by land and sea, and alsoe of one other Act intituled An Act for supplying and explaining certaine defects in the aforesaid Act, the same Acts doe not answere the ends aforesaid in such measure as was expected without some [further1] explanation of the sence thereof and a review of the severall assessments made thereby, soe that some persons may not escape without payment at all or gde away at very small proportions whiles! others pay their just and full due It is therefore enacted and declared by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the consent and advice of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the authorise of the same that all and every person and persons of the severall ranks degrees or qualifications in the said Act or Acts mentioned shall contribute and pay the severall and respective summes of money therin appointed to be paid (any pretence of exemption being the Kings Majestyes servants to the contrary notwithstanding) and alsoe that (*) every person and persons ecdesiasdcall and temporall bodyes pollidque and corporate shall pay for their estates both reall and personall the summe of forty shillings for one hundred pounds per annum and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser estate, and for every hundred pounds personall estate after the rate of five pounds per annum provided it extend not to estates under five pounds per annum,

And to the intent the same may be equally and indifferently assessed and taxed Be it further enacted and declared by the authoride aforesaid that the severall Commissioners in the said Act named, or any three of them within their severall and respective Countyes Limitts and precincts shall have power to nominate and appoint two or more of the most able or discreet persons in every Parrish Village or Hamlet to review the severall rates and assessments that have beene made in their severall and respective Parishes Villages and Hamlets, and where they shall finde that by the negligence or default of any former Assessors any persons or estates have beene underrated or ommitted to be rated, that then they shall rate and assesse all such persons and estates soe underrated or omitted to the full value they are to be rated and assessed at either for their degrees persons or estates by this or the former Acts to that purpose made in this present Parliament, or shall by the appointment at the discretion of the said Commissioners make new assessments or rates, and shall retume the same or their said additionall rates at such places and times as the said Commissioners or any three of them shall appoint,

And it is further enacted [& declared1] by the authoride aforesaid that every sworne Attoumey or Clerke in the g Office of the Clerke of the Pipe in the Exchequer and every Attoumey belonging to the Office of the Lord the Exchequer Treasurers Remembrancer shall pay twenty nobles apeece, ao Nobles.

Doubt*, &c. respeding. c. 9. ante, c. 10. ante recited.

Reasons for passing this Act.

All Persons to pay the several Sums of Money appointed by the said Acts; also 40s. per Cent, on all their Estates Real and Personal.

Proviso for Estates under ^5 per Amu

II.

The Commissioners named in c. 0. ante to appoint Persons to review the Rates that have been made.

and thereupon to rate Estates to the full Value.

And be it further enacted and declared that every Ban-ester at Law, and every other person or persons that hath or have subscribed to any deed or writing wherein he or they have beene written or intituled Esquire, or that hath or have acted by vertue of any Commission or pretended Commission Ad or pretended Acts of Parliament wherein they have before the sitting of this Parliament beene written or endtuled Esquire shall pay as reputed Esquiers within the said Acts,

x

And to the intent that none that have or shall pay his or their due proportions that he or they ought to pay in respect of his or their quality or degree may be doubly charged, every person that hath or shall pay his full proportion for his or her degree and quality the same exceeding the proportion of his or her estate reall and personall shall by

IV.

Barristers at Law, and Persons written or writing themselves Esquire, to pay as Esquires.

Persons haring paid, on Certificate of Commissioner to be discharged 1

4b

978

12° Car. II. c.28.

A.D. 1660.

what tach Certificate to express.

Proviso for Persons having paid for Estates in one or more Counties.

certificate under the hands and seales of three or more of the Commissioners within the same County or precm&s where such summe hath or shall be paid be discharged from further payment for his or her estate soe that it be perticularly expressed in every such certificate where such estate lyeth, and the severall and respective values thereof soe that it may appeare that his or her proportion for his or her degree or quality doth exceed that of his or her estate, And alsoe where any person or persons bodyes pollitique or corporate have paid or shall pay for his her or their estate in one or more Countyes he or they shall by like certificate or certificates (1) for soe much and such values specially mentioned to be paid in the said certificates and noe more,

VL Power to Commissioners on Oath to inquire and determine concerning Abuses by Assessors, &c. and to fine.

Proviso that Fines do not exceed sfs for one Offence. Such Fines may be levied by Distress.

Fines employed as by the said former Acts.

Where no Distress can be had, Commissioners may imprison Offender in the Common Gaol till Fine paid.

And be it enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid that the said Commissioners or any three or more of them within their severall precincts shall and may have power to inquire of heare and determine all abuses negcle&s and misdoeings of all and every the Assessors and Collectors to be imployed by vertue of this, or the said precedent Acts, and shall have power to impose any fine or fines upon them or any of them whom they shall be well informed (by the oath of two or more credible witnesses, which oath they or any two of them are hereby empowered to administer) to offend from and after the twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred and sixty in not performing their dutyes in their respective imployments. Provided that noe such fine shall exceed the summe of five pounds for one offence, and that such Commissioners who shall sett or impose such fine or fines shall have full power by warrant under their hands and sealfes to command the severall Constables or Tithingmen within the severall and respective places where such person or persons have their habitation or abode, upon whom such fine or fines is or are imposed to levy the same by distresse upon the goods of such person or persons refuseing to pay the same and to retume the overplus thereof (if any be) deducting [alsoe *] reasonable charges for takeing such distresse to the Owner or Owners of such goods, And every such fine shall be imployed to the same purposes as the moneyes raised by the said former Acts are appointed, And alsoe in case noe distresse can be found or had for sadsfieing such fine and in case noe distresse can be taken by the Collectors or other Officers appointed to distraine for the taxes or assessments by vertue of the said former Act or Acts, that in every such default upon complaint to the said Comissioners or any three of them within their severall and respective limitts the said Commissioners or any three of them shall have full power and authoritie to cause every such person from whom noe distresse can be had to be committed to the next common goale there to remaine untill he hath fully satisfied [&paid*] such summe or summes of money which ought to be charged upon him by [vertue of*] this [or3] the said former Acts without baile or mainprize,

VII. Commissioners to make Account of Monies raised in Hundreds, &c. only by former Acts and this Act, and return the same into the Exchequer before ad March.

And be it further enacted and declared that the Commissioners of every County and place respectively shall make up a true accompt of the summes onely of every Hundred Lath Wapentake or Ward rated and assessed by the said former Acts together with the addidonall summes that shall be rated by vertue of this present Act severally within their severall Countyes Limitts and PrecinCts without nameing the perticular persons or estates, and shall shew what hath beene paid thereof and to what person and persons, and what hath beene discharged by such certificates as are appointed by this Act, and what is in arreare and unpaid, and shall retume the same into his Majestyes Court of Exchequer before the second day of March next and in soe doeing they shall not be compelled to make [or returne1] any other accompt duplicate or certificate,

VIII.

The full yearly Value of Lands, &c. to be assessed.

IX.

Sums paid under former Acts dedu&ed out of Charge by this Act.

X.

Persons sued under this or former Acts may plead General Issue. Double Costs.

XI.

Proviso for Peers.

XII.

JLord Chancellor, &c. added to the Peers named in the said former Acts for assessing Peers.

And it is further enacted and declared that the true and full yearely value of all Lands Tenements Rents Tythes and other hereditaments shall be rated and assessed in manner aforesaid in the severall parishes villages or Hamlets where the same are scituate lyeing or ariseing

And be it further declared that every summe charged upon and paid by any person by vertue of the said former Acts or either of them by reason of estate degree or quality shall be allowed and dedu&ed out of such further charge as shall be imposed upon him or her by vertue of this present A&.

Lastly it is enacted and declared that whosoever is sued at law for any act done or to be done in the due execution of this or either of the said former Acts he may plead the generall issue and give the spedall matter in evidence, and if the plaintiffe be non suite, or a verdict passe against any such plaindfie or plaintiffes in any such Action the defendant shall and may recover his double costs,

[Provided alwayes [& be it enacted*] that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to any Peere of this Realme in point of assessment imprisonment distresse or otherwise provision bang made in the said first recited Act for the assessing of the said Peeres by certaine Peeres who are therein named and appointed in that behalfe,

And be it further enacted that the Lord Chauncellour the Lord Treasurer, the Lord Steward of his Majesties Household, Lord Chamberlaine of his Majestyes Household, the Earle of Northampton, Lord Howard of Charleton the Lord Roberts the Lord Grey of Warke the Lord Craven the Lord Mohun and the Lord Hatton be added to the Peeres named in the said first recited Act for the assessing of the Peeres according to the said recited A&,4] [which said Lords Commissioners or any five of them in this and the former Act named shall have power to assesse levy and co\\e&, and shall assesse levy and collect all such summes of money as shall be assessed according to the tenor of this and the former Act upon such Peeres who have not paid proportionably to their estates.4]

A.D. 1eeo.

12° Car. II. c.28.

279

And be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid that these persons hereafter named shall be added Commissioners for their severall Countyes places and preempts respectively and shall exercise the same power as if they had beene named in the said former Acts or either of them,

Berks

For the County of Berks Peregrine Hobby Richard Harrison Esq,s John Fettiplace of Femham Esq,.

Burrough of New Windsor Andrew Plumton Gent Richard Fishbome Gent

Bucks

For the County of Bucks Sir Thomas Hampson Baronet Sir Philip Palmer Baronet Anthony Ratcliffe Esq

Cambridge

For the County of Cambridge Sir Thomas Dayrell John Bennet Esq Sir Anthony Cage, Levinus Bennet.

For the Isle of Ely For the Isle of Ely Roger Jennings Esq

Chester

For the County of Chester Sir George Warberton Baronet Edward Warren Esq Jeffery Shakerly Esquire Henry Lee Esquire.

Citty of Chester

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester The Maior for the time being.

Comewall

For the County of Comewall Robert Roberts Esquire Sir William Tredingham Joseph Tredingham Thomas Ptenhallow The Knights and Burgesses that serve for the said County and James Eirsey Gent.

Cumberland

For the County of Cumberland Anthony Bouch Richard Uriall Thomas Croswhat Robert Webster

Devon

For the County of Devon Nicholas Dasies Doctor of Phisicke William Jennins Gen! Edmond Tremaine (') William Putt [Esqs1 *] John Kellond (*) William Bogan (*) George Howard (1) John Kelley (') William Kelley (3) James Rodd [Esqs.1]

Yorke

For the West Riding in the County of Yorke Wellbury Norton Esq Robert Wivell Esq Richard Roundhill Gen! William Hamond Esq Walter Hawkesworth Esq Cuthbert Wade John Preston Gen! Arthur Ingram Esq Edward Atkinson William Witham Gen! Samuell Sonderland Esq Thomas Ward Gen! Sir William Ingram Knight.

Yorke North Riding

For the North Rideing in the County of Yorke Sir William Caley Arthur Caley Esq William Wivell Esq Sir Thomas Gower Baronet Thomas Worsley Esq Charles Tankred Sir William Frankland Baronet The Bailiffes of Scarborough for the time being Tristram Fish Robert Belt Esquiers Thomas Robinson Thomas Scudamore Esquiers.

[Yorke

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke, All the Aldermen of the Citty of Yorke.4]

For the Towne of Kingston upon Hull George Crowle.

Essex

For the County of Essex Mr Edward Glascock Mr Miles Hubbert Mr John Smart Captaine Hunter Deane Tindall Esq Isaac Wincoil Thomas Clapton Thomas Peeke Peter Johnson Thomas Manby Esqs.

Gloucester

For the County of Gloucester Thomas Freame Thomas Floide Samuell Shepard Philip Shepard William Morgan Riclftd Daston John Tooke [Esqs3] Robert Lord Tracy.

4 annexed to the Original A & in a separate Schedule.

XII.

Commisskmen

named.

280

12° Car. II. c.28.

vf.-D. 1660.

Hereford

For the County of Hereford Sir Herbert Parret Knight, John Bamaby of Brookehampton Esq* Thomas Baskerrfle of Collington Gen! John Booth of Hereford Esq*

Citty of Hereford

For the Citty of Hereford Thomas Davies Esq* Maior James Lawrence Gent Thomas Clerke Gent

Hertford

For the County of Hertford Marmaduke Rawden James Willimot junior Gen! Arras Doctor of Phiacke

Richard Combes Esquire.

S* Albans

For the Burrough of S* Albans William Foxwist [ Esquires*] Recorder Mr John New Mr Edward Fames Mr Thomas Cowley senior Mr' William Marston Henry Conningsby Edmond Smith, Albon Cox Richard Combes Esq*.

Kent

For the County of Kent Sir William Mann Sir Edward Masters Thomas Peake Esq* Sir Thomas Godfrey The Maior of Maidston for the time being Sir William Merideth Baronet Sir Thomas Peirce Baronet Mr Richard Manley Mr Thomas Manley.

[Sandwich *]

For Sandwich John Verrier Peter Peake Gen!

Lancaster

For the County of Lancaster Henry Bannester Esq* Jeoffrey Rushton Gen! Richard Fleetwood Gen! John Mollineux Esq* William Fife Esq* Sir George Midleton Knight and Baronet Mathew Richardson Esq* Robert Heywood Esq* Roger Stoughton of the Citty of London Alderman.

Lincolne

For the parts of Linsey in the County of Lincolne Edward Turney (*) William Lister [Esquiers1] Sir Robert Dallison Baronet, Sir Charles Dallison Knight.

Great Grimsby For Great Grimsby William Draper Samuell Proctor.

For the parts of Kestiven William Thompson, Humphrey Walcot.

London

For the Citty of London Nicholas Delves Esqs.

Midlesex

For the County of Midlesex Sir John Robinson Baronet Lieutenant of the Tower Sir Richard Browne Thomas Bide Thomas Harrison of South Mims Sir William Bateman Leiutenant Collonell Powell Charles Pitfield Esq* Robert Peyton John Jones John Limbrey Edward Chard Richard Shelton Esquiers William Page Esq* Roger Jennings Esq* Richard Meney.

Westminster

For the Citty of Westminster and Liberties thereof Gabriel Becke Esq* Mr Graham Peter Maplesden George Plunknet Thomas Kirke William Greene George Farewell Ralph Darnell.

Northampton

For the County of Northampton Edward Oneley, (*) John Thornton (*) John Willoughby [Esquiers.1]

[Norffolke*]

For the County of [Norffolke1] George Windham Robert Doughty of Hanworth (*) Robert Lagar [Esquiers1] Henry Scarborough Gen! Mr John Ripps Mr Thomas Talbot Mr Henry Blackbome Gen!.

Burrough of Lyn Regis

For the Burrough of Lyn Regis John Basset Maior Robert Steward Esq* Recorder Thomas Greene William Wharton Henry Bell.

1 Esq 0.

• O. omits

* Northfolke O.

12° Car. II. c.28.

281

Great Yarmouth

For the Towne of Great Yarmouth Nicholas Cutting James Simondf Bailiffes there, Sir John Potts Knight and Baronet Sir William Doyley Knight Sir Thomas Meadow Knight Thomas Gooch George England John Carter Nathaniell Ashby Thomas Lucas John Woodroft James Johnson Esquiers George Tilyard Gent

Thetford

For the whole Burrough and Corporation of Thetford The Maior for the time being Mr John Kendall Gent M* Bourage Martin Maurice Shelton [Esquiers1] Mr Robert Keddington Gent Mr Nicholas Rookewood M* Robert Wright of Kilveston.

Newcastle upon Tine For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tine Sir John Marley

Nottingham

For the [Towne*] of Nottingham Francis Sandis Esq^ Thomas Bristow (3) William Newton [Gentlemen.1]

[East Retford4]

For the Burrough of East Retford The Bailiffes for the time being.

Oxon

For the County of Oxon William Glyn (') John West [Esquiers1] John Coker Gent James Herbert Esquire, Sir Thomas Tippin.

University of Oxford

Mr Robert Withers MT Edward Master Mr David Thomas Mr Gregory Ballard, Mr Timothy Horton*

The Citty of Oxford For the Citty of Oxford Francis Holloway William Cornish.

Salop

For the County of Salop Charles Baldwin (f)Samuell Baldwin [Esquiers1] Mr Moore of Midleton Mr [Bishop5] of the Moore Benjamin Buckley.

Stafford

For the County of Stafford Thomas Ruddiard Esquire John Colclough (3) Timothy Edge [Gentlemen.3]

Somerset

For the County of Somerset William Orange Esquire William Bacon senior Gent John Cridland Gent Mawdley Sambome (') John Carew (*) Roger Newborough (x) James Haise [Esquiers.1]

The Citty of Bristoll

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll The Maior and Sheriffes for the time being John Knight the elder, William Coulston John Bradway William Cole.

For the Citty of Bath John Vane John Masters Aldermen.

Southampton

For the County of Southampton with the Towne and County Mr Essex Powlet Richard Lucy (*) Gabriel Whistler [Esquiers. *]

Isle of Wight

For the Isle of Wight Thomas Bowreman Esqs John Oglander of Newport Gent

Suffolke

For the County of Suffolke George Winiffe William Blumiield Esquiers.

Surrey

For the County of Surrey Edward Evelin (') John Yates (*) Richard Knippe [Esquiers1] Mr John Parker Sir Purbecke Temple Knight Earle of Ancram Henry Capell Dallmahey Esqs John Farewell Doctor Windebank.

4 c

12° Car. IL c. 28, 29.

A.D. 16&).

For the Towne of Rye.

Samuell Bembrigg James Welsh Thomas Osmonton.

Coventry

For the Qtty and County of the Citty of Coventry Sir Arthur Caley Knight The Maior of Coventry for the time being, Henry Smith Alderman.

Warwicke

For the Towne of Warwicke Sir Henry Puckering Baronet, Sir Clement Throckmorton Knight John Rouse (*) Nathaniell Stoughton (') John Stanton [Esquiers. *]

Wilts

For the County of Wilts Walter Buckland (') Thomas Mompesson (*) William Caley [Esquiers V] Mathew Raymaa Gen! Thomas Hunt Gen! Robert Challoner (*) Robert Nicholas,of Almcamings William Broomewich Gen! Samuell Eyre Gen! Simon Spatchurst Esq> Christopher Gardiner Gen!*

Sarum

For the Citty of New Sarum Samuell Eyre Gen! Simon Spatchurst Esq> Christopher Gardiner Esq>.

[Anglesey

For the Isle of Anglesey Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley.3]

Cardigan

For the County of Cardigan James Phillips (') Morgan Herbert (*) Thomas Jenkins (x) Erasmus Lloyde (') Thomas Evans (*) Henry Vaughan (4) Thomas Price the elder [Esquiers1] Thomas Lloyde of Ymshim (*) Maurice Vaughan (*) John Price [Gentlemen.1]

Camarvan

For the County of Camarvan Griffith Bodurda John Lloyde of Nangwunadle Robert Wynne of Conway William Winne of Pengwoone William Thomas of Camarvan Jonathan Lloyde Walter Lloyde Walter Mansell.

Denbigh

For the County of Denbigh Francis Weavely Esq*.

Flint

For the County of Flint Kenrick Eyton Esqs

Mountgomery For the County of Mountgomery

Haverford West

For the Towne and County of Haverford West Sir Herbert Perrot Knight, William Browne Alderman.

CHAPTER XXIX.

Rot. Parl. 12 C. IL P' 4. HU. 2.

Grant of .£70,000,

to be auetsfd in the manner and by the Commistionera appointed by c. 21. ante.

An Act for the raiseing of seaventy thousand pounds for the further supply of his Majestie.

THE Commons assembled in Parliament doe give and grant unto your most excellent Majestie the summe of seaventy thousand pounds to be raised and leavyed in manner following and doe pray your Majestie that it may be enabled And Be it enabled by your most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled that the summe of threescore and ten thousand pounds for one moneth onely begining from the first day of July One thousand six hundred sixtie and one shall be assessed taxed collected levyed and paid in the severall countyes dttyes burroughes townes and places within England and Wales and the towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the severall rates rules and proportions and in such manner and forme and by the same Commissioners as in and by a certaine other Act passed this parliament for raiseing the like summe of seaventy thousand pounds for one moneth onely begining from the twenty ninth of September One thousand six hundred and sixty entituled An Act for the speedy raiseing of seaventy thousand pounds for the present supply of hk Majestie, are mentioned or referred unto and intended which Commissioners shall meete upon

1 Esq 0, * Gen! 0.

3 annexed to die Original Act in a separate Schedule.

4 Esquire O.

1660.

12° Car. II. c. 29.

283

or before the fifth day of July One thousand six hundred sixtie and one, and are hereby enabled and required to use and execute all and every the like powers and authorities as in and by the said Act are mentioned, or referred Id and intended as fully and amply as if the same rates rules proportions powers and authorityet had beene particularly inserted in this present Act,

And be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid that all and every the summes of money charged by this Act upon the severall Countyes Cittyes Townes Burroughs and places aforesaid shall be raised levyed and paid into his Majestyes receipt of the Exchequer upon or before the first day of August One thousand six hundred sixty one by the severall Receivers Generali who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners.

Provided alwayes And it is hereby declared that noe Manners Lands Tenements and Hereditaments which were formerly assessed and taxed for and towards former assessments and Land taxes and are now in the possession or holding of his Majesde or of the QueeneB Highnes or of any ecclesiasticall person or persons, or his [herl] or their farmers and tennants shall be exempted from the [paym1 of y*'] severall summes of money in this Act comprised, but that the said Mannours Lands Tenements and Hereditaments shall be rated assessed, and taxed for and towards the said severall summes of money in this Act comprized in such manner and forme as they were of late rated taxed and assessed for and towards the said former land rates, Any law statute or custome to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

[Provided allwayes that neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall be drawne into example to the prejudice of the aundent rights belonging to the Peeres of this Realme, *]

And be it declared and enacted by the authoride aforesaid that these persons hereafter named shall be added Commissioners for their severall Countyes places and prednfts respectively and shall exercise the same powers as the other Comissioners intended by this Act are authorized and impowered to doe that is to say

Berks

For the County of Berks Peregriue Hobby Richard Harrison Esquiers, John Fetdplace of Femeham Esquire and Samuell Woodcox.

Commissioners to meet 5th July 1661, and execute the like Powers, Sec. at in the aaid Act are mentioned.

Monies uenem

11.

raised to be Receiver!

1 into the

Exchequer lit August i66t.

in.

Proviso for Lands, &c. in the Possession of the King or Queen, or of Ecclesiastical Persons, and formerly assessed.

IV.

Proviso for Peers.

V.

Commissioners added for the several Counties,Arc. herein mentioned.

Burrough of New Windsor For the Burrough of New Windsor Andrew Plumpton Richard Fishbome Gent

Bucks

For the County of Bucks William Tirringham Esquire Sir Thomas Hampson Baronet Sir Phillip Palmer Baronet Thomas Ratcliffe Esquire.

Cambridge

For the County of Cambridge Sir Thomas Dayrell John Bennet Esquire Sir Anthony Cage Levinus Bennet

Isle of Ely For the Isle of Ely Roger Jennings Esq*.

Chester

For the County of Chester Sir George Warburton Baronet Edward Warren (]) Jeffery Shakerley (*) Henry Leigh [Esquiers.3]

Citty of Chester

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester The Maior for the time being.

Comewall

For the County of Comewall Robert Roberts Esqs Sir William Tredinghara Joseph Tredingham Thomas Penhallow The Knights and Burgesses that serve for the said County and James Eirsey Genl The Maior of Lostwithell for the time being John Mollesworth Esqs William Williams of Trevithen.

Cumberland

For the County of Cumberland Mr Anthony Bouch Mr Richard Uriell Mr Thomas Croswhat M* Robert Webster.

Devon

For the County of Devon Nicholas Davies Doctor of Phisicke William Jennens Genl Edmond Tremaine (3) William Putt (3) John Kellond (3) William Bogan (3) George Howard (3) John Kelley (3) James Rodd [Esquiers1] Walter Jago Francis Drew Es<fc William Walrond Esquire John Blagdon Genl John Hamm Genl Henry Newte

1 interlined 00 the Roll.

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* Eaq O.

284

12° Car. II. c. 29.

A.D. 1660.

Yorke

"For the West Riding in the County of Yorke Wellbury Norton (') Robert Wivel [Esquiers1] Richard Roundhill Gen! William Hamond (*) Walter Hawkesworth [Esquiers1] Cuthbert Wade John Preston Gen! Arthur Ingram Esquire Edward Atkinson William Witham Gen! Samuell Sunderland Esquire Thomas Ward Gen! Sir William Ingram Knight Sir John Goodricke Baronet Sir Thomas Wentworth (*) Sir Edward Rodes (*) Godfrey Copley of Sprotsbrough John Claiton Josua Horton Thomas Stringer Esquiers The Alderman of Leedes for the time being.

Yorke North Rideing

For the North Rideing in the County of Yorke Sir William Caley Arthur Caley Esq* William Wivell Esq* Sir Thomas Gower Baronet Thomas Worsley (') Charles Tankred [Esquiers1] Sir William Franklin Baronet The Bailiffes of Scarborough for the time being Tristram Fish Robert Belt Esquiers Thomas Robinson Thomas Scudamore Esquiers.

Yorke Citty

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke All the Aldermen of the Citty of Yorke.

Kingston upon Hull For the Towne of Kingston upon Hull Mr George Crowle

Essex

For the County of Essex Mr Edward Glascock Mr Miles Hubbert Mr John Smart Captaine Hunter Deane Tindell Esq* Isaac Wincall Thomas Clopton Thomas Peek Peter Johnson Thomas Manby Esquiers.

Glocester

For the County of Glocester Thomas Freame Thomas [Floid3] Samuell Sheppard Phillip Sheppard William Morgan Richard Daston John Tooke Esquiers Robert Lord Tracy Thomas Morgan Esq* Sir Nicholas Throckmorton Knight William Bromage Gen! William Winter of Dimmock Gen! Richard Matchen Gen! John Winnyat Gen! Thomas Aylway Gen!.

Hereford

For the County of Hereford Sir Herbert Parrel Knight, John Bamaby of Brookehampton Esqs Thomas Baskervile of Collington Gen!, John Booth of Hereford Esqs.

Citty of Hereford

For the Citty of Hereford Thomas Davies Esqs Maior, James Lawrence Gen! Thomas Clerke Gent

Hertford

For the County of Hertford Marmaduke Rawden James Willimot junior Gen! Thomas Arras DoSor of Phisicke Richard Combes Esq* Sir Robert Jbslin Knight Thomas Coppin Edward Briscoe John Halsie Esquiers Mr Fetherston of Blakeswere Edward Brograve Ralph Gore Thomas Brograve Edward Cason Thomas Bonest Henry Becher Henry Chauncey George Bromley Alexander Meade John Crouch James Willimot junior George Poyner Gen! John Jesson Esquire Sir Edward Alston Knight.

S1 Albanes

For the Burrough of S* Albanes William Foxwist Esquire Recorder Mr John New Mr Edward Eames Mr Thomas Cowley senior Mr William Marston Sir Henry Conningsby Edmond Smith Alban Cox Richard Combes Esq* Thomas Marston Gent

Kent

For the County of Kent Sir William Mann Sir Edward Masters Thomas Peake Esq* Sir Thomas Godfrey The Maior of Maidston for the time being Sir William Merideth Baronet Sir Thomas Peirse Baronet Mr Richard Manley Mr Thomas Manley.

Sandwich

For the Towne of Sandwich John Verrier, Peter Peke Gen!.

Lancaster

For the County of Lancaster Henry Banister Esq* Jeofrey Rushton Gen! Richard Fleetwood Gen! John Mollineux Esq* William Fife Esq* Sir George Midleton Knight and Baronet Mathew Richardson Esq* Robert Heywood Esq* Roger Stowton of the Citty of London Thomas Butler Richard Farrington William Wall William Turner Henry Brabin William [Hodgekenaon4] Gent

1 Esq 0.

•Kn* O.

* Lloyde 0.

4 Hodginson 0.

12° Car. II. c. 29.

285

Lincoln*

For the Cooney of Lincoln* and Citty and County of the same Edward Turney ')WiUiain lister [Esquferif] Sir Robert Dalliaon Baronet Sir Charles Dallison Knight William Draper Samuel! Proctor William Thompson Humphrey Wakot Thomas Mills Michaell Dalton John Watson William Willoughby Henry Heron Marmaduke Darrell John Ogle Anthony Treadway William Skipwith Thomas Browne of East Kirby John Almore MT Skinner of Thornton Colledge Thomas Harrington William Whichcot Charles Pelham junior Roger Pelham M' John Lockton Mf John Hobson junior Mr Henry Hall Mr Charles Bawdes M* John Colthurst Mr William Bishop and Mr Edward Blaw Aldermen MT William Perkins MT Thomas Mills M* Peregrine Bucke Mr William Dowman Bf Thomas Dickenson Mr John Thornton and Richard Wetherell Aldermen.

London

For the Citty of London Nicholas Deires Esq* Benjamin AJbtn Richard Spencer.

Midlesex

For the County of Midlesex Sir John Robinson Baronet Leiutenant of the Tower Sir Richard Browne Thomas Bide Thomas Harrison of South Mims Sir William Bateman Leiutenant Collonell Powell Charles Pittfield Escfe Robert Peyton John Jones John Limbrey Edward Chard Richard Shelton [Esquiers *] William Page Esq* Roger Jennens Esq* Sir Heneage Finch Baronet his Majestyes Sollidtor Generali, Cheney of Hackney Esq*

Leiutenant Collonell Powell Charles Cheney of Chelsey Christopher Abdy Esq* Sir Allen Broadricke John Barton Esq*.

Westminster

For the Citty of Westminster and Liberties thereof Gabrieli Beck* Esq* Mr Graham Peter Maplesdcn George Plunknet Thomas Kirke William Greene George Farewell Ralph Darnell

Monmouth

For the County of Monmouth William Jones of Frowen Eaqs James Proger Charles Proger.

Northampton

For the County of Northampton Edward Onely (')John Thornton (*) John Willoughby [Esquiers.1 3

Norffolke

For the County of Norffolke George Windham Robert Doughty of Hanworth (*) Robert Legar [Esquiers*3 Henry Scarborough Genl Mr John Repps Mr Thomas Talbot Mr Henry Blackbome Gent

Burrough of Lyn Regis

For the Burrough of Lyn Regis John Basset Maior Robert Steward Esq* Recorder Thomas Green* William Wharton Henry Bell Robert Thorowgood Alderman Holley.

Great Yarmouth

For the Town* of Great Yarmouth Nicholas Cutting James Simondf Bailiffes there Sir John Potts Knight and Baronet Sir William Doyley Knight Sir Thomas Medow Knight Thomas Gooch George England John Carter Nathamell Ashby Thomas Lucas John Woodroffe James Johnson Esquiers George Tilyard Gent

Theftford

For the whole Burrough and Corporation of Theftford The Maior for the time being Mr John Genl

Mr Bourage Martin Maurice Shelton Esquire [Mr *] Robert Keddington Genl Mr Nicholas Rookewood Mr Robert Wright of Kilveston.

Newcastle upon Tine

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Une Sir John Marley Sir Nicholas Cole Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Bows Knight Sir Francis Anderson Knight.

Nottingham

For the County of Nottingham Francis Sandis Esq* Thomas Bristow (^William Newton [Gentlemen.13

East Retford

For the Burrough of East Retford The Bailiffes for the time being.

4D

286

12° Car. II. c. 29.

A.D. 1660,

Ozon

For the County of Ozon 'William Glin (*) John West [Esquiers*] John Coker Gent James Herbert Esq> Sir Thomas Tippin.

University of Ozford

Mr Robert Withers Mr Edward Master Mr David Thomas Mr Gregory Ballard M* Timothy Horton.

The Citty of Ozford For the Citty of Ozford Frauds Holloway William Cornish

Salop

For the County of Salop Charles Baldwin (*) Samuel Baldwin [Esquiers*] M* Moore of Midleton Mr [Bishop1] of the Moore Benjamin Buckley.

Stafford

For the County of Stafford Thomas Rudiard Esqv John Colclough (*) Timothy Edge [Gentlemen. *]

Somerset

For the County of Somerset William Orange Escq William Bacon Senior Gent John Cridland Gent Mawdley Sambome (*) John Carew (*) Roger Newborough (*) James Haise [Esquiers. *]

For the Citty of Bristoll

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll The Maior and Sheriffes for the time being John Knight the elder William Coulston John Bradway William Coles.

For the Citty of Bath For the Citty of Bath John Peirce John Masters Aldermen.

Southampton

For the County of Southampton with the Towne and County Mr Essex Powlet Richard Lucy (*) Gabriel Whistler [Esquiers. *]

Isle of Wight

For the Isle of Wight Thomas Bowreman Esq> John Oglander of Newport Gentleman.

Suffolke

For the County of Suffolke George Winiffe William Blumfield Esquiers [Isaac Motham Esq> Gardiner Web Genf4] Mr John Brooke Mr Milton of Ipswich Mr Edmond Bedingfield Mr Francis Langley Mr Thomas Read Mr Rabbit of Bramfield.

S* Edmondf Bury For S‘ Edmonds Bury Francis Smith Robert Sharpe Samuell Hustler.

Surrey

For $he County of Surrey Edward Evelin (*) John Yates (*) Richard [Knippe Esquiers3] Mr John Parker Sir Purbecke Temple (6) Sir Thomas Bludworth [Knights7] Thomas Rogers (') Charles Good Harmon Atwood Esquiers (8) John Parker of Rigate.

Rie in the County of Sussex For the Towne of Rie Samuell [Pembrig9] James Welsh Thomas Osmonton.

Worcester

For the County of Worcester Sir John Packington Baronet Sir Rowland Berkley Knight Sir John Windford Knight Samuell Sandis (*) Henry Townsend (') John Bearecroft [Esquiers1] Sir Ralph Clare Knight of the Bath.

Worcester Citty

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester Edward Soley Alderman Samuell Smith (3) Thomas Twitty [Gentlemen*] Henry Townsend Esqs Sir William Moreton Knight Humphrey Tyrer (*) Richard Heming (J) Stephen Richardson [Gentlemen3] Sir John Packington Sir Rowland Berkeley Sir Ralph Clare Sir John Winford Samuell Sandis Esq,

1 Esq 0. 9 Bushop O.

6 Knl 0. 7 Knight 0.

3 Gen? 0. 4 interlined on the RolW 4 Knipe Esq 0.

• Mr 0. 9 Bembrigg O.

12° Car. II. c. 29.

287

Warwickc

For the County of Warwicke Lister of Alveston Esq> Richard Bishop of Stratford Esq*.

Coventry

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry Sir Arthur Caley Knight The Maior of Coventry for the time being Henry Smith Alderman Sir Richard Hopkins Knight William Jesson (1} Thomas Norton [Esquiers'] Mr Thomas Love(*) Mathew Smith (*)Samuell Snell (*) William Jelliffe (*) Robert Beake(*) James Nailer [Aldermen.*]

Towne of Warwicke

For the Towne of Warwicke Sir Henry Puckering Baronet Sir Clement Throckmorton Knight John Rouse (’) Nathaniell [Staunton9] John Stanton [Esquiers *] Lister of Alveston Esq^ Richard Bishop of Stratford.

Wilts

For the County of Wilts Walter Buckland (')Thomas Mompesson (‘) William Caley [Esquiers *] Mathew Rayman Gent Thomas Hunt Gent Robert Chaundler Robert Nicholas of Alcainings William Broomewich Gent Samuell Eyre Gent Simon Spatchurst Esquire Christopher Gardiner Gent Mr Francis Parry.

Sarum

For the Citty of New Sarum Samuell Eyre GenI Simon Spatchurst Esq^ Christopher Gardiner Gent

Anglesey

For the Isle of Anglesey Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley.

Cardigan

For the County of Cardigan James Phillips (*) Morgan Herbert (') Thomas Jenkins (*)Erasmus Lloyde (*) Thomas Evans (1) Henry Vaughan Thomas Price the Elder (1) Thomas Lloyde of Yinshen (4) Morrice Vaughon (4) John Price [Gentlemen4] Thomas Parry Reighnold Jenkins John Bowen Thomas Lewis Hector Phillips Nicholas Lewis William Jones Abell Griffin Esquiers Wa&kin Lloyde (4) John Griffith of Noyadd [Gentlemen4] The Maior of Cardigan for the time being Rees Guyn David Morgan Aldermen.

Carmarthen

For the County of Carmarthen Jonathan Lloyde Walter Lloyde Walter Mansell*

Carnarvon

For the County of Carnarvon Griffith Bodurda John Lloyde of Nangwiniadale Robert Winn of Conway William Wynn of Pengwoone William Thomas of Carnarvon Jonathan Lloyde Walter Lloyde Walter Mansell.

Denbigh

For the County of Denbigh Francis Manley Esqs.

Flint

For the County of Flint Kenricke Eaton Esqs Glamorgan

For the County of Glamorgan John Price of Courtcame Morgan Morgan Esqs.

Mountgomery

For the County of Mountgomery William Oakely Edmond Wareing David Morrice Esquiers John Mathewes Henry Pursall John Kiffin William Price of Lanligan John Lloyde of Conway.

Haverford West

For the Towne and County of Haverford West Sir Herbert Perrot Knight William Browne Alderman.

1 Esq 0. • Alderman 0. 3 Stoughton Esc^ 0.

♦ Cent 0.

12° Car. II. e. 30.

A.D. 1860.

CHAPTER III.

Ret. Pari. 12C.IL An Act for the Attainder of severall persons guilty of the horrid Murther of his late Sacred Majestic King 4* "*3 Charles the first.

harie*0/ TK humble manner shew unto Your most Excellent Majestie Your Majestyes most dutyfull and loyall Subjefib how contrived. A the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled That the Horrid and Execrable Murder of Your Majestyes Royall Father our late most Gratious Soveraigne Charles the First of ever blessed and glorious memory hath beene committed by a party of wretched men desperately wicked and hardened in their impietie, who haveing first plotted and contrived the mine and distruction of this excellent Monarchy, and with it of the true Reformed Protestant Religion which had beene soe long protected by it and flourished under it, found it necessary in order to [their *] carrying on of their pemidous and traiterous designes to throw downe all the Bulwarks and Fences of Law, and to subvert the very being and constitution of Parliament that soe they might at last make their way

open for any further attempts upon the Sacred person of his Majestie himselfe, And that for the more easy

effecting thereof they did first seduce some part of the then Army into a compliance and then kepte the rest in subjection to them partly for hopes of preferment and cheifely for feare of looseing their imployments and arreares untill by these and other more odious arts and devices they had fully strengthened themselves both in power and

faction, which being done they did declare against all manner of Treaties with the person of the King even then

while a Treaty by advice of both Houses of Parliament was in being remonstrate against the Houses of Parliament for such proceedings, seize upon His Royall person while the Commissioners were returned to the House of Parliament with his Answere, and when his concessions had beene voted a ground for peace, seize upon the House of Commons seclude and imprison some Members force out others and there being left but a small remnant of their owne Creatures (not a tenth part of the whole) did seeke to shelter themselves by this weake pretence under the name and authoritie of a Parliament, and in that name laboured to prosecute what was yet behinde and unfinished of their long intended Treason and Conspiride, To this purpose they prepared an Ordinance for erecting a prodigious and unheard of Tribunall which they called An High Court of Justice for tryall of his Majestie and haveing easily procured it to passe in their House of Commons as it then stood moulded ventured to send it up from thence to the Peeres then sitting who totally rejected it, whereupon their rage and fury increasing they presume to passe it alone as an Act of the Commons and in the name of the Commons of England, and haveing gained the pretence of Law made by a power of their owne makeing pursue it with all possible force and cruelty urftill at last upon the thirtyeth day of January One thousand six hundred forty and eight His Sacred Majestie was brought unto a Scaffold and there publiquely murthered before the Gates of his owne Royall Pallace, And because by this horred action the Protestant Religion hath received the greatest wound and reproach and the people of England the most insupportable shame and infamy that it was possible for the enimies of God and the King to bring upon us whilst the Fanatick Rage of a few Miscreants (who were as farr from being true Protestants as they were from being true Subjects) stands imputed by our Adversaries to the whole Nation, We therefore your Majestyes said dutyfull and loyall Subjects the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled doe hereby renounce abominate and protest against that Impious Fad, the execrable Murther and most [unparreled *] Treason committed against the Sacred person and life of our said late Soveraigne Your Majestyes most Royall Father, and all proceedings tending thereunto, And doe beseech Your most Excellent Majestie that it may be declared. And be it hereby declared That by the undoubted and Fundamentall Lawes of this Kingdome, neither the Peeres of this Realme nor the Commons nor both together in Parliament or out of Parliament, nor the people collectively or [presentatively * ] nor any other persons whatsoever ever had hath have or ought to have any coercive power over the persons of the Kings of this Realme, And for the better vindication of our selves to posteritie, and as a lasting Monument of our otherwise inexpressible detestation and abhorrency of this villanous and abominable Fad We doe further beseech Your most Excellent Majestie that it may be Enacted, And bee it hereby Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled ^um^joTon7 ^at everT thirtyeth day of January unlesse it falls out to be upon the Lords day and then the day next 30th Jin, for ctct. following shall be for ever hereafter sett apart to be kepte and observed in all the Churches and Chappells of these Your Majestyes Kingdomes of England and Ireland Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and the Isles of Jersey and Guernsey and all other Your Majestyes Dominions as an Anniversary day of Fasting and Humiliation to implore the mercy of God that neither the guilt of that Sacred and Innocent Blood, nor those other sinns by which God was provoked to deliver up both us and our King into the hands of cruell and ^Person»dervd unreasonable men may at any time hereafter be visited upon us or our posterity, And whereas Oliver Cromwell deceased instrumental in the Henry Ireton deceased John Bradshaw deceased and Thomas Pride deceased John Lisle William Say Sir Hardresse Majesty * * Waller Valentine Wauton Thomas Harrison Edward Whalley William Heveningham Isaac Pennington Henry Martin John Barkstead Gilbert Millington Edmond Ludlow Sir Michael Livesey Robert Tichbome Owen Rowe Robert Lilborne Adrian Scroope John Oakey John Hewson William Gosse Cornelius Hollond Thomas ChaUoner John Carew John Jones Miles Corbet Henry Smith Gregory Clement Thomas Wogan Edmond Harvey Thomas Scot William Cawley John Downes Nicholas Love Vincent Potter Augustine Garland John Dixwell George Fleetwood Simon Meyne James Temple Peter Temple Daniell Blagrave Thomas Waite John Cooke Andrew Broughton Edward Dendy William Hewlet Hugh Peters Francis Hacker Daniel Axtell are notoriously knowne to have beene wicked and active Instruments in the prosecution and compassing that traiterous Murther of His late Majesty for which the said

1 the 0.

• unpareleld 0.

• representatively O.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 30.

289

Sir Hardresse Waller Thomas Harrison William Heveningham Isaac Pennington Henry Martin Gilbert Millington Robert Tichborne Owen Rowe Robert Lilbome Adrian Scroope John Carew John Jones Henry Smith Gregory Clement Edmond Harvey Thomas Scot John Downes Vincent Potter Augustine Garland George Fleetwood Simon Meyne James Temple Peter Temple Thomas Waite John Cooke William Hewlet Hugh Peters Francis Hacker and Daniell Axtell have already received their tryall at Law and by Verdict, or their owne Confession have beene convicted, and by Judgement of Law thereupon had doe now stand duely and legally attainted, of whom, ten persons that is to say Thomas Harrison Adrian Scroope John Carew John Jones Thomas Scot Gregory Clement John Cooke Hugh Peters Francis Hacker and Daniell Axtell have most deservedly suffered the paines of death and beene executed according to Law and the said John Lisle William Say Valentine Wauton Edward Whalley John Barkstead Edmond Ludlow Sir Michaell Livesey John Oakey John Hewson William Gosse Cornelius Holland Thomas Challoner Miles [Corbert *] William Cawley Nicholas Love John Dixwell Daniell Blagrave Andrew Broughton and Edward Dendy are fled from Justice, not dareing to abide a Legall Tryall May it therefore please Your Majestie that it may be Enabled And be it Enacted by Authority of this present Parliament That the said Oliver Cromwell deceased Henry Ireton deceased John Bradshaw deceased and Thomas Pride deceased shall by vertue of this A & be adjudged to be convicted and attainted of High Treason to all intents and purposes as if they and every of them respectively had beene attainted in their lives, And alsoe that John Lisle William Say Valentine Wauton Edward Whally John Barkstead Edmond Ludlow Sir Michaell Livesey John Okey John Hewson William Gosse Cornelius Holland Thomas Challoner William Cawley Miles [Corbert *] Nicholas Love John Dixwell Daniell Blagrave Andrew Broughton Edward Dendy and every of them stand and be adjudged and by Authority of this present Act convicted and attainted of High Treason, And that all and every the Mannours Messuages Lands Tenements Rents Reversions Remainders Possessions Rights Conditions Interests Offices Fees Annuities and all other the Hereditaments Leases for yeares Chattells reall and other things of that nature whatsoever they be of them the said Oliver Cromwell Henry lretbn John Bradshaw Thomas Pride John Lisle William Say Valentine Wauton Edward Whalley John Barkstead Edmond Ludlow Sir Michaell Livesey John Oakey John Hewson William Gosse Cornelius Holland Thomas Challoner William Cawley Miles [Corbert1] Nicholas Love John Dixwell Daniell Blagrave Andrew Broughton Edward Dendy Thomas Harrison Adrian Scroope John Carew John Jones Thomas Scot Gregory Clement Hugh Peters Francis Hacker John Cooke Daniell Axtell Sir Hardresse Waller William Heveningham Isaac Pennington Henry Martin Gilbert Millington Robert Tichborne Owen Rowe Robert Lilbome Henry Smith Edmond Harvey John Downes Vincent Potter Augustine Garland George Fleetwood Simon Meyne James Temple Peter Temple Thomas Waite which they or any of them or any other person or persons to their or any of their uses or in trust for them or any of them had the five and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty and six or at any time since shall stand and be forfeited unto Your Majestie Your Heires and Successors and shall bee deemed vested and adjudged to be in the actuall and reall possession of Your Majesty without any Office or Inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or found. And alsoe that all and every the Goods Debts and other the Chattells personall whatsoever of them the said Oliver Cromwell Henry Ireton John Bradshaw Thomas Pride whereof at the time of their respective deathes they or any of them or any other in trust for them or any of them stood possessed in Law or Equity, and all the Goods Debts and other the Chattells personall whatsoever of them the said John Lisle William Say Valentine Wauton Edward Whalley John Barkestead Edmond Ludlow Sir Michael Livesey John Oakey John Hewson William Gosse Cornelius Holland Thomas Challoner William Cawley Miles Corbet Nicholas Love John Dixwell Andrew Broughton Edward Dendy Thomas Harrison Adrian Scroope John Carew John Jones Thomas Scot Gregory Clement Hugh Peters [John Cooke Francis Hacker1] Daniell Axtell Sir Hardresse Waller William Heveningham Isaac Pennington Henry Martin Gilbert Millington Robert Tichborne Owen Rowe Robert Lilbome Henry Smith Edmond Harvey John Downes Vincent Potter Augustine Garland George Fleetwood Simon Meine James Temple Peter Temple Thomas Wayte whereof upon the Eleaventh day of February One thousand %c hundred fifty nine they or any of them or any other in trust for them or any of them stood possessed either in Law or Equity shall bee deemed and adjudged to be forfeited unto and are hereby vested and putt into the a&uall and reall possession of Your Majestie without any further Office or Inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or found.

Provided allwayes and be it Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That noe Conveyance Assurance Grant Bargaine Sale Charge Lease Assignment of Lease Grants and Surrenders by Coppy of Court Roll Estate Interest Trust or limitation of any Use or Uses of or out of any Mannors Lands Tenements or Hereditaments not being the Lands [nor Hereditaments1] of the late King Queene or Prince or of any Arch Bishops Bishops Deanes Deanes and Chapters, nor being Lands or Hereditaments sold or given for the delinquency or pretended delinquency of any person or persons whatsoever by vertue or pretext of any Act Order Ordinance or reputed AA Order or Ordinance since the First day of January One thousand six hundred forty and one, nor any Statute Judgement or Recognizance had made [acknowledged3] or suffered to any person or persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate before the twenty ninth day of September One thousand six hundred fifty nine by any of the Offenders before in this Act mentioned or their Heires, or by any other person or persons claiming by from or under them or any of them other then the wife or wives childe or children heire or heires of such person or persons or any of them for money bona fide to them or any of them paid or lent, nor any conveyance assurance grant or estate made before the twenty fifth of Aprill One thousand six hundred and sixtie by any person or persons to any of the Offenders aforesaid in Trust and for the benefit of any other person or persons not being any of the Offenders aforesaid or in trust for any Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate shall be impeached defeated made void or frustrated hereby or by any of

4 E

The Karnes of Persons tried and legally attainted.

The Ten Persons executed.

The Persons fled.

The Persons dead before they could be brought to Trial, attainted.

The Persons fled attainted.

Their Lands, Tenements, &c. whereof they were seized, or any for them, 25th March 1646, forfeited, and rested in His Majesty.

All their Goods and personal Estates forfeited, and rested in His Majesty,

whereof they were possessed, or any for them, nth Feb. i6J9-

II.

Proviso for Conrcyances by any of the Offenders.

Exception;

and for Statutes, Judgments, &c. before 9th Sept. i6j9j

and for Money bona fide lent, Arc. and Conveyances made before 25th April 1660 to any the said Offenders in Trust.

290

12° Car. II. c. 30.

A.D. 1660.

Such Conveyances to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer before ist Jan. 166a.

in.

Proviso for the Marquis of Worcester, &c.

IV.

General Saving.

V.

Proviso for such as have received and paid Rents, &c. to the Offenders.

VI.

Proviso for Richard Ingoldsby as to Goods, See, of Sir Hardress Waller in Ireland.

the Convictions and Attainders aforesaid but that the same shall be held and enjoyed by the Purchasers Grantees Lessees Assignes Cestuy que use Cestuy que trust and every of them their Heires Executors Administrators and Assigns respectively as if this Act had not beene made, and as if the said Offenders had not beene by this Act, or by any other course or proceedings of Law convicted or attainted soe as the said Conveyances and all and every the Grants and Assurances which by vertue of this Act are and ought to be held and enjoyed as aforesaid shall before the First of January which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two be entred and enrolled of Record in His Majestyes Court of Exchequer and not otherwise Any thing in this Act herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and be it Enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That all and singular the Mannours Lands Tenements and Hereditaments which at any time heretofore were the Lands and Possessions of Henry late Marquesse of Worcester and Edward now Marquesse of Worcester and Henry Lord Herbert Sonne and Heire Apparent of the said Edward Marquesse of Worcester or any of them thereof or wherein the said Oliver Cromwell or any other person or persons in trust for him or to his use, or any other the persons attainted by this Act or otherwise, or any person or persons in trust for them or any of them had or claimed or pretended to have any Estate Right Title Possession or Interest at any time before or since the decease of the said Oliver Cromwell shall be and hereby are vested and setled in, and shall be held and enjoyed by the said Marquesse of Worcester and the said Henry Lord Herbert in such manner and forme and for such Estate and Estates with such Powers and priviledges as they formerly had in the same respectively, Any thing in this present Act contained, or any Act Conveyance or Assurance heretofore made or acknowledged by the said Edward Marquesse of Worcester and Henry Lord Herbert or either of them unto the said Oliver Cromwell, or any other person or persons in trust for or to the use of the said Oliver Cromwell, or any Act or Conveyance made or done by the said Oliver Cromwell or by any in trust for him to any person whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

Saveino alwayes to all and every person and persons Bodyes Pollitique and others their respective Heires Successors Executors and Administrators all such Right Title and Interest in Law and Equity which they or any of them have or ought to have of, in, to or out of any the Premisses not being in trust for any the said Offenders nor derived by from or under the said Offenders since the twenty fifth day of March which was in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty six, And that they the said person and persons Bodyes Pollitique and other their respective Heires Successors Executors and Administrators and every of them in all and every such case where his and their Entry was lawfull upon such Offender or Offenders or the Heires or Assignes of such Offender or Offenders in or upon the said twenty fifth day of March One thousand six hundred forty & six or at any time since may without Petition Monstrans de droyt Ouster le maine or other Suite to His Majesde enter on the Premisses in His Majestyes Possession, or in the possession of His Successors and Patentees their Heires or Assignes in such manner to all intents as he or they might have done on the possession of the said Offenders their Heires or Assignes in or upon the said twenty fifth day of March or at any time since Any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe That all and every person and persons which have received any of the Rents or meane proffitts of in or out of any the Lands Tenements and Hereditaments Chattells reall or Possessions of any the Offender or Offenders in this Act mentioned before the Eleventh day of February One thousand six hundred fifty and nine [and have paid or accompted for the same before the said Eleventh day of February 1659*3 unto the said Offender or Offenders or their Assignes, or to any claiming from or under them shall be clearely and for ever acquitted and discharged of and from the same against the Kings Majesde His Heires and Successors Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That it shall and may be lawfull to and for Richard Ingoldsby to retaine and keepe or otherwise to sell and dispose all and singular the Goods and Chattells formerly belonging to Sir Hardresse Waller in the Kingdome of Ireland undll two thousand pounds for which the said Richard Ingoldsby in the yeare One thousand six hundred fifty eight stood joyntly bound with the said Sir Hardresse Waller unto James Brookes of the Citty of Yorke Alderman, and was then counter secured by a Judgement upon his Lands, and since by a Deed of Bargaine and Sale of the said Goods and Chattells in Ireland be fully paid together with the Interest thereof, he the said Richard Ingoldsby accounting for and paying the foil overplus thereof if any shall be unto our Soveraigne Lord the King, Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 interlined on the Roll.

12° Car. II. c. 31.

291

CHAPTER XXXI.

An Act for Confirmation of Leases and Grants from Colledges and Hospitalls.

TT THERE AS since the begining of the late Troubles diverse Masters Provosts Presidents Wardens Governours V Y Rectors Principalis and other Heads Fellowes and Schollors of Colledges Halls or Houses of Learning in either of the Universityes of Oxford and Cambridge and the Deane Cannons and Prebendf of the Cathedrall or Collegiat Church or Colledge of Christ Church in the University of Oxford and Provost Warden or other Head Officer and Fellowes or Schollers of the Colledges of Eaton and Winchester and Masters and Governors Bretheren Brothers and Sisters of diverse Hospitalls have beene amoved ejected or sequestred by the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, or by certaine Visitors by them appointed, or by some Conventions sitting at Westminster under the name or stile of a Parliament or by some Authority or pretence of Authoritie derived from them or the late pretended and usurped powers stiled Keepers of the Liberty of England by authority of Parliament, or Protectors of the Commonwealth of England Scotland and Ireland and the Dominions or Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging. And whereas alsoe after these Amotions Eje&ions or Sequestrations severall other persons have beene either by election of the said Colledges Halls Houses of Learning Church or Hospitalls or by some of the Powers or pretended Powers above mentioned placed and substituted in these Mastershipps Headshipps Fellowshipps Deanarie Canories Prebendaries Govemorshipps and other Places aforesaid who have actually exercised the same places and beene de facto Masters Provosts Presidents Wardens Governours Re&ors Principalis and other Heads Fellowes Schollars Bretheren Brothers and Sisters Deane Canons or Prebendf of such respective Colledges Halls Houses of Learning Hospitalls Cathedrall Church or places, and have made diverse Grants by Copy of Court Roll, and Leases and Licences to lett or assigne Grants and Presentations to, and Elections of diverse persons. Re-entries for non payment of Rent or breach of Conditions whereupon diverse Questions may in time to come arise. For prevention whereof It is Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the Advice and assent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled and by Authority of the same That all Grants by Coppy of Court Roll and Leases and Licences of setting and assigning Grants and Presentations And all Elections of Heads Masters Fellowes Schollers Students and Officers of the said Colledges Halls Church and Houses of Learning and Hospitalls aforesaid into dead or other places then or since vacant Receipts & Acquittances of Rents incurred Entryes for forfeitures or Conditions broken had made or given since the five and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty two, and before the five and twentyeth day of July in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty by any such Masters Provosts Presidents Wardens Governours ReSors Principalis and other Heads de fadko of the said Colledges Halls and Houses of Learning and Fellowes and Schollars de facto of the same respectively in either of the said Universities, or Deane and Canons or Prebendf de facto of Christ Church aforesaid, or Master Provost or Warden and Fellowes de fa£ko of the Colledges of Eaton or Winchester or by such Master Warden or Governours de facto, or Master Warden or Governours Bretheren Brothers or Sisters de fa£ko of any Hospitall by whatsoever particular name or stile of Foundation the said Colledges Church Hospitalls Masters Govermors Fellowes Deanes and Canons or Prebendf are stiled founded knowne or incorporated and all Leases granted by the Master Warden Bretheren Brothers or Sisters of any Hospitalls of the Patronage of any Bishop, Deane, or Deane and Chapter and all surrenders to them made to inable such Leases Grants and Presentations shall stand and be of the same and noe other force and effect as if the said Masters Provosts Presidents Wardens Governours Rectors Principalis Heads Fellowes Schollers Deane Canons Prebendf Bretheren Brothers or Sisters had beene such de jure and duely and de jure intituled [in and to the said Colledges Halls Houses of Learning Church Hospitallf Offices or places respectively, And as if such Leases granted by the Master and Bretheren of any Hospitall of the patronage of any Bishop Deane or Chapter had beene confirmed by the said Bishop Deane or Chapter, And that notwithstanding such defeS in the said Lessors or Grantors, and notwithstanding the restitution of any [of the persons soe ejedted, the Rents Covenants and Conditions contained in such Leases and Grants shall goe in succession as if such Lessors or Grantors had beene de jure Masters Provosts Presidents Wardens Governors Rectors Principalis Heads Fellowes Schollers Deane Canons Prebendf Bretheren Brothers and Sisters of such Colledges Halls Houses of Learning Church Hospitalls and places respectively Any former Law Custome or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and be it Enacted That noe thing in this Act contained doe or shall extend to the confirming or makeing good of any Lease or Leases of any parceli or parcells of Lands Tenements Pastures Houses. Orchardf Gardens or Barnes or any of the possessions of or belonging to the Hospitall of S* John Baptist and the Evangelist in the Towne of Northampton made betweene the first day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred fifty and five and the five and twentyeth day of July in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred fifty and eight by the pretended Master George Goodman and his Co-bretheren of the aforesaid Hospitall by colour of any pretended Grant or Patent whatsoever, or notwithstanding the Seale of the said Hospitall or Corporation was to them or any of them set or affixed.

Provided allwayes That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to make good in Law or Equity any Lease or Leases made by Simon Moore Clerk late Master or pretended Master of the Hospitall of S* Oswald in the County of Worcester of any the Lands Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to the said Hospitall to Richard Moore sonne of the said Simon Moore or to any of the children or grandchildren of the said Simon Moore or to any other person or persons in trust or for the use or uses of the said Simon Moore or his Wife Children or Grandchildren or any or either of them

Rat. Par/. 12C.fi. p.tr *- 4-

Recital that divert Members of the Universities, Cathedrals, Colleges of Eton, Winchester, See. had been amoved. See.;

and that afterwards other Persons had been defied and had exercised the same Places, and made Leases, Grants, &c. upon which Questions might arise.

Election of Officers of Colleges and Hospitals confirmed, and all Grants, See. by them;

and all Leases by Masters, Sec. ot Hospital of the Patronage of any Bishop, See.

ir.

Exception of Leases of Lands, Sec. of the Hospital of St.John Baptist in Northampton.

111. Exception of Leases of Lands of S' Os waldHospital, in the County of Worcester.

12° Car. II. c. 31.

A.D. 1660.

IV. Exception of Officers of Colleges not ordained where Ordination is requisite.

V.

Exception of Leases of certain Redone*, &c. in the Tenure of Lord Culpeper.

Pro mo for Renewal by Lord Culpeper.

VI.

Leases of Kirkham Rectory.

Proviso for Thomas Clifton, Esq.

VII. College Officers relieved in nothing hut in want of Ordination.

VIII. Proviso for Presentees under Letters Patent.

Lx. Exception of certain Leases of Lands, Arc. of Hospital of St. Katherine in Ledbury.

X.

Exception of Leases of the Possessions of the Master of the Rolls.

XI.

Exception of Wm. Hooke as to the Mastership of the Savoy, and of Leases of the Lands, &c. thereof.

Provided alwayes that noe person or persons shall be confirmed in any Mastershipp Provostship Headshipp Fellowship or Chaplains place in any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge or in the Colledges of Eaton and Winchester that is not [an'] ordained Minister by Bishops or Presbiters, (or being ordained hath since renounced his Ordination) where by the locall Statutes of the said [respective1] Colledges or Halls Ordination is required.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That this A 3 shall not extend to confirme any Lease or Leases of the Redories and Parsonages of Randall and Litlecoates in the County of Lincolne which have long since beene in the tenure or occupation of John Lord Culpeper as by severall Leases under the Seale of the Master and Fellowes of the Colledge of the holy and undivided Trinity within the Towne and University of Cambridge of King Henry the Eights Foundation may appeare and are now leased over the head of the said John Lord Culpeper the auntient Tennant to one John West though according to usage he claimed to renew his Lease three yeares before the expiration thereof at the usuall Fines or more. But that the said John Lord Culpeper his Executors or Administrators reimbursing the said new Tennant or Lessee soe much money as hath beene really paid to the said Colledge for the Fine for such Lease they shall be admitted to renew the said Lease for the said Fine

Provided alwayes That whereas Do3or Owen late reputed Deane and the Chapter of the Cathedrall Church of Christ in Oxon of the Foundation of King Henry the Eight by their Indenture dated the seaventh day of August in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred fifty seaven did lease and demise unto John Arthur Clerke Thomas Bromefield of London Esq^ and Lawrence Marsh of Darking in the County of Surrey Esc^ certaine Tythes and Lands parcell of the Mannour and Parsonage of Kirkham in the County of Lancaster and by severall other Indentures did lease and demise unto severall other persons many other parts and portions of the [said *] Parsonage of Kirkham (which had long beene in the tenure or occupation of Thomas Clifton Esq> and his Auncesters by severall successive Leases under the Abbot and dovent of Vale Royall and the Colledge of Christ Church aforesaid respectively) for severall termes of yeares yet unexpired: Be it enabled and ordained That Thomas Clifton now of Litham in the County of Lancaster Esquire his Executors and Administrators (paying the severall and respective Rents reserved unto the said Colledge, and securemg unto the said John Arthur [Thomas Bromefeild and Lawrence Marsh or the Survivours or Survivour of them or the Executor or Executors of the Survivour of them for the uses in the said Lease expressed and not otherwise*] out of the Premisses the yearely summe of sower hundred pound f* to be paid halfe yearely by equall portions for the terme of eleaven yeares next ensuemg, and reimbursing unto the said severall other Lessees respectively or their respective Assignes soe much money as was by them respectively and truely paid for their respective Fines) shall [ands] have and enjoy the said severall demised premisses for the residue of the said severall termes of yeares yet to come as if the said severall Leases made unto them the said John Arthur Thomas Bromfield and Lawrence Marsh, and unto the said severall other persons as aforesaid had beene legally made unto the said Thomas Clifton by a lawfull Deane and Chapter This A3 or any other thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That this A3 or any thing therein contained shall not extend to confirme the Election of any Head Fellow [Scholler or *] Chaplaine of any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universities that upon any other ground besides the want of Episcopall Ordination is or was not capable of being elected into such place or place by the Statutes of the said Colledge or Hall into which he or they were chosen.

Provided alsoe That this A3 or any thing therein contained shall not extend to prejudice the Title of any person or persons who by Letters Patents under the Great Seale since the first day of May and before the twenty sixth of August One thousand six hundred and sixty have obtained from his Majestie any Grant of any Deanery Headship of any House Re3orship of any Colledge Canons place Prebendary Fellowship or Scholarship within either of the Universities or the Colledges of Eaton Westminster or Winchester but that all and every the said Grants and Letters Patents shall be of such and noe other force and effe3 as the same should have beene if this A3 had not beene made Any thing in this A3 contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe that this A3 or any thing therein contained shall not extend to confirme any Lease or Estate made by John Tombes Clerke of any Lands Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the Hospitall of S* Katherins in Ledbury in the County of Hereford to any of the Children of him the said John Tombs or to any other person or persons in Trust for him or them or any of them.

[Provided alwayes and be it Ena3ed by the Authoritie aforesaid That neither this A3 nor any thing therein contained shall in any wise extend to confirme or make good any Lease or Leases made by William Lenthall pretended Warden of the House of Converts belonging to the Master of the Rolls since the thirtyeth day of January One thousand six hundred forty and two of any Houses or Tenements thereto belonging to the prejudice of John Lord Culpeper his Successors Lessees or Assignes the said Lord Culpeper paying or reimbursing unto the said Lessee or Lessees of such Houses or Tenements such moneyes as they or any of them have paid with Interest for the same he or they discounting for the meane profits thereof2]

[Provided alwayes That neither this A3 nor any thing therein contained shall extend to confirme William Hooke in the Mastership of the Kings Majesties Hospitall of the Savoy nor to confirme or make good any Lease of any Lands or Tenements [belonging*] to the said Hospitall made betweene the thirtyeth day of January in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty eight and the first day of June One thousand six hundred and sixty

1 interlined on the Roll.

* annexed to the Original A3 in a separate Schedule. 9 0. omits.

12° Car. II. c. 31,32.

293

the Master of the said Hospitall for the time being allowing and reimbursing to all such Lessees all such summe or summes of money as they or any of them paid to the then Master of the said Hospitall by way of Fine at the time of such Lease roakeing and Interest for the same, and the said Lessees and every of them discounting for the meane proffitts of the same.1]

[Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That this Act or any thing therin contained shall not extend to confirme or make good any Lease or Grant made or mentioned to be made to any person or persons by John Owen late Deane and others Cannons or pretended Deane and Canons of the Colledge of Christ Church in the University of Oxford or by any of them of any the Redories Tythes or Gleabe Lands of Hampton Wickenford Badsey Aldington Uffenham South Litleton North Litleton and Midle Litleton in the County of Worcester heretofore the possessions of Henry late Marquesse of Worcester and Dame Anne his Wife or either of them, and wherof the said Henry was dispossest for his Alieiginnce and Loyalty to his late Majestie of blessed Memory, but that the Executor or Administrator of the said Henry shall and may be admitted to renew the Leases of the said Tythes for such terme or termes as the said Deane and Chapter of Christ Church are by Law enabled to grant the same, the said Executors or Administrators satisficing and reimbursing to such person or persons all such summe [or*] summes of money as he or they have paid for the said Lease or Leases by way of Fine with Interest for the same the said person or persons discounting to the said Executors or Administrators for the meane Proffits received therupon1 ]

[Provided alsoe That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to confirme or make good any Lease Leases or Estate made by any pretended Deane and Chapter Master or Head of any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universities or of any pretended Master or Govemours of any Hospitall which said Lease Leases or Estate had not beene good or effectuall in Law had they beene made by a.Lawfull Deane and Chapter Master Head or Govemour of any Colledge Hall or Hospitall aforesaid. This Act or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.1 ]

[Provided alsoe that this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend to confirme or make good any Lease or Leases of the Rectory or Parsonage of Arrington in the County of Cambridge which hath long beene in the tenure and occupation of Thomas Chichley Esq> and his Auncestors by severall successive Leases from the Master and Fellowes of Trinity Colledge in Cambridge, nor shall confirme or make good any Lease or Leases of the Rectory or Parsonage of Soham in the said County of Cambridge which hath likewise beene and still is in the occupation and possession of the said Thomas Chicheley by Lease from the Master and Fellowes of Pembrooke Hall in Cambridge but that the said Thomas Chichley (paying and reimbursing the severall and respective Tennants or Lessees the severall and respective summes of money by them severally and respectively paid to the said Colledge and Hall for or in the name of any Fine or Fines for the makeing or granting such nevy Lease or Leases with Interest discounting such Rents [or1] Proffitts as by them respectively have beene taken or received out of the Premisses) shall be restored to his said aundent Possessions, and the said Colledge and Hall respectively shall be enabled to lease the said severall Reftories and Parsonages with their respective Appurtenances unto the said Thomas Chichley This Act or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.1]

[Provided alwayes That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to restore any person or persons to any Headshipp Fellowship or Scholership of any Colledge or Hall or to any Chaplains or Clerks place in any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universities or to any Lecture or Readers place that is or shall be before the first day of January One thousand six hundred and sixty ejected out of their respective Headship Fellowship Schollership Chaplaine or Clerks place or out of any Lecture in the said Universityes by his Majestyes Cdmissioners under the Great Seale for not haveing beene legally and according to the severall Statutes of the said respective severall places nominated elected or admitted in or to the same, Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.1 ]

XII. Exception of Leaiet, &c. of certain Redone*, &c. in the Po*e«ftion of the late Marquii of Worcester, by the late Dean and Canon* of Christ Church.

XIII. Exception of Leases, if not good had they been made by lawful Letaor*.

XIV. Exception of Leases of the Re&ories of Arrington and Soham, late of Thomas Chicheley.

XV. Exception of Persons cjefted who were elected ^legally.

CHAPTER XXXIL

An Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Wooll Woolfells Fullers Earth or any kinde of Scouring Earth. Rot. Parl. 12 C. II

P- 4*

F)R the better preventing and avoiding of such Losses and Iriconveniendes as have happened and dayly doe and RemJong may happen to the Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales and to the Kingdome of Ireland by and this Act. through the secret and subtile exportation and transportation, and by and through the secret and subtle carrying and conveying [away *] of Wooll Woolfels Mortlings Sherlings Yam made of Wooll Wooll flocks Fullers earth and Fulling Clay out of and from the [Kingdome4] & Dominion aforesaid, and for the better setting on worke the poore people and inhabitants of the Kingdomes and Dominion aforesaid, And to the intent that the full and best use and benefit of the prindpall native Commodities of the same Kingdomes and Dominion may come redound and be unto and amongst the Subjects and Inhabitants of the same, and not unto or amongst the Subjects and Inhabitants of the Realme of Scotland, or of any Forraine Realmes or States as the same now of late in some great measure hath

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. • & 0. 5 interlined on the Roli.

4 Kingdomes 0.

4 F

12° Car. II. c. 32.

A.D. 1660.

No Person titer 14th Jan. 1660 to export any Sheep, Wool, Woolfels, Mort-lings. Shearlings, Yarn, Woolflocks, Fullers Earth, or Fulling/vlay;

nor carry, load, or board any such Sheep, Wool, fitc.

II.

No Wool, Woolfels, &c. after the 14th Jan. 1660, to be carried to Jersey, &c.

Exception.

III.

Penalties by Exporters;

Owners of lips exporting.

IV.

Merchant exporting Wools, &c.

Penalty.

V.

This Act not to take away greater penalties.

done and is further likely to doe if some severer punishment then heretofore be not speedily inffifted upon such Offenders as shall be Actors or Assistants in and to such exportation and transportation, and in and to such carrying and conveying away thereof as aforesaid Be it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That noe person or persons whatsoever from and after the fowerteenth day of January, One thousand six hundred and threescore shall directly or indirectly export transport carry or convey or cause or procure to be exported transported carryed or conveyed out of or from the Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, or out of or from the Isles of Jersey or Guernsey with Sarke and Alderney being under the Government of Guernsey aforesaid or out of or from any of them, or out of or from the Kingdome of Ireland aforesaid into any parts or places out of the Kingdomes Isles or Dominion aforesaid any Sheepe or Wooll whatsoever of the breed or growth of the [Kingdome1] of England or Ireland or Isles or Dominion aforesaid, or any Woollfells Mortlings or Shorlings or any Yame made of Wooll or any Woollflocks or any Fullers Earth or [any1] Fulling Clay whatseever, nor shall directly or indirectly packe or loade or cause to be packed or loaden upon any Horse Cart or other Carriage or Loade or lay on board or cause to be loaden or laid on board in any shipp or other vessell in any place or Port within the Kingdomes of England or Ireland or Towne of Berwicke or Isles or Dominion aforesaid any such sheep wooll Woollfells Mortlings Shorlings Yame made of wooll or Wooll flocks or any Fullers Earth or Fulling Clay to the intent or purpose to export transport carry or convey the same or to cause y* same to be [exported1] transported carried or conveyed out of y* Kingdomes of England or Ireland Towne of Berwick (4) or Dominion aforesd or with intent or purpose that any other pGon or psons should so export transport carry or convey the same into parts or places out of the Kingdomes of England and Ireland Towne of Berwicke Isles or Dominion aforesaid into the Kingdome of Scotland or any forraigne parts.

And be it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe wooll Woollfells Mortlings Shorlings Yame made of wooll woolflocks or any Fullers earth or Fulling clay shall be from and after the fowerteenth day of January in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and threescore exported transported carryed or conveyed out of the Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke [and3] Kingdome of Ireland or out of any Port or place of the said Kingdomes respectively unto the Isles of Jersey or Guernsey or to Sarke or Alderney except as in this Act shall be hereafter limitted or appointed

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid [That all and every the Offender and Offenders offence and offences aforesaid shall be subject and lieable to the [respective3] paines penaltyes and forfeitures hereafter following That is to say The said sheepe [wools5] woolfells Mortlings Shorlings Yame made of wooll woolflocks Fullers earth and fulling clay soe exported transported carryed conveyed packed or loaden contrary to the true intent of this Act shall be forfeited and that every offender and offenders therein shall forfeit twenty shillings for every such sheepe and three shillings for every pound weight of such wooll woolfells Mortlings Shorlings Yame made of wooll woolflocks Fullers earth or Fulling Clay, And alsoe the owners of the said Shipps or Vessells knowing such offence shall forfeit all their Interest in the said Shipps or Vessells with all their Apparell and Furniture to them and every of thetn belonging. And that the Master and Marriners thereof knowing such offence and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting thereunto shall forfeite all their Goods and Chattels and have imprisonment for the space of three moneths without Baile or Maineprize, the one moyety of which said penaltyes and forfeitures shall be to the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors, and the other moyety to him that will sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record or before the Justices of Assize or in the Generali Quarter Sessions of the Peace In which Suite noe Essoyne Protection or wager of Law shall be allowed,

And be it further Enacted That if any Merchant or other person or persons shall after the said fowerteenth day of January transport or cause to be transported any Sheepe [Wooll *] Woolfells Mortlings Shorlings Woollen yame Woolflocks Fullers earth or Fulling Clay contrary to the true intent of this Act and be thereof lawfully convicted That then he shall be disabled to require any debt or accompt of any Factor or others for or concerning any Debt or Estate properly belonging to such offender

Provided alwayes and it is neverthelesse declared That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not be construed to take away any greater paines or penaltyes inflicted or to be inflicted for any the offences aforesaid by vertue of any former Act of Parliament now in force.6]

VI.

Offence* again it this Act where to be tried.

And be it [alsoe1] further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid that every offence that shall be done or committed contrary to this Act shall and may be enquired of and heard examined tryed and determined in the County where such Sheep Wooll Woolfells Mortlings Shorlings Yame made of Wooll Woolflocks Fullers earth or Fulling Clay respectively shall be soe packed loaden or laid aboard as aforesaid contrary to this Act or else in the County where such offenders shall happen to be apprehended or arrested for such offence in such manner and forme and to such effect to all intents and purposes as if the same offence had beene wholly and altogether done and committed at and in such County,

vii.

Limitation of Prosecution.

Provided alwayes and be it Enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That noe person or persons whatsoever shall at'any time hereafter be impeached for any offence aforesaid unlesse such person or persons shall be prosecuted within the space of one yeare next ensueing such offence committed.

• Kingdomes 0. * 0. omits.

* Isles 0. k or O.

5 interlined on the Roll.

0 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

12° Car. II. c. 32.

295

And be it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That it shall and may be lawful! to and for any person or persons tc seize take and challenge to his or their owne use and behoofe, and to the use of the King His Heires and Successors all and all manner such Sheep Wooll Woolfells [Mordings Shorlings Yarn made of Wooll Woolflocks1] Fullers earth and Fulling Clay as he or they shall happen to see finde know or discover to be laid aboard hi any Shipp or other Vessell or Boate or to be brought carryed or laid on shore at or neare the Sea or any Navigable River or Water to the intent or purpose to be exported transported or conveyed out of the Kingdomes of England br Ireland Towne of Berwicke Isles or Dominion aforesaid contrary to the true meaning of this Act or to be packed or loaden upon any Horse Cart or other Carriage to the intent or purpose to be conveyed or carried into the Kingdom* of Scotland aforesaid, and that such person or persons as shall happen soe to seize take or challenge any such Sheepe [Wooll'] Woolfells Mortlings Shorlings Yame made of Wooll Woolflocks Fullers Earth or Fulling Clay as aforesaid shall have the full moyety thereof to all intents and purposes.

Provided alwayes That such person or persons as shall make any such Seizure or challenge as aforesaid to his or their owne use shall not be admitted or allowed to give in Evidence upon his or their Oath or Oathes against any person or persons which shall happen to be indicted accused or questioned by vertue of this Act or any thing therein contained

And furthermore be it enacted by the authoride aforesaid That all and every Ship Vessell Hulke Barge or Boate of what kinde soever whereof any Alien borne or whereof any naturall borne Subjects not inhabiting within the Realme of England shall be owner or part owner and wherein any Sheepe Wooll Woolfells Mortlings Shorlings Yarne made of Wooll Woolflocks Fullers Earth or Fulling Clay shall happen to be shipped [put*] or laid aboard contrary to the true meaning of this Act shall be forfeited to the Kings Majesde his Heires and Successors.

Provided alwayes That this Act shall not extend to any Lambe Skin ready drest and prepared fitt and usefull for Furr or Lynings.

Provided alsoe That this Act shall not in any wise extend to the transporting carrying or conveying away of any such Woolfells or Pelts with such Wooll upon them or to any Beds stuffed with Flocks which shall be carryed or imployed in any Ship or other vessell for necessary use onely of & about the Ordnance or other thing in or concerning such Ship or Vessell, or onely for the necessary use of any the Persons in such Ship or Vessell passing or being and which shall not be sold or uttered in any forraigne parts out of the Kingdomes of England or Ireland or Towne of Berwicke Isles or Dominion aforesaid, nor to the exporting transporting carrying or conveying of any Weather shieep or of the Wooll growing upon any such Weather sheep to be carried alive in any Shipp or other Vessell for and towards the onely necessary food or dyet of or for the Company or passengers or other persons therein and for and towards none other purpose

Provided alwayes and be it further Enacted That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to any such wooll to be exported or transported out [of1] or from the Port of Southampton onely [un']to the aforesaid Isles of Jersey and Guernsey by or for the onely use or behoofe of any the Inhabitants of the said Isles of Jersey & Guemzey or either of them or to any such wooll to be shipped or loaden aboard in any shipp or other vessell by or for the onely use or behoofe of any the Inhabitants of the said Isles of Jersey or Guernsey or either of them in the Port aforesaid to be exported and transported into the said Isles of Jersey or Guernzey or either of

them soe as such person and persons that shall soe shipp or lay aboard such wooll into any ship or other vessell

doe before the shipping or laying aboard such wooll deliver unto the Customer Comptroller surveyour or searcher of the Port of Southampton aforesaid (out of which the same wooll is to be exported) a writing under the Seale or Seales of the respective Govemours of the same Isles of Jersey and Guernsey unto which the said wooll is to be transported, or of his or their Deputy or Deputyes respectively, the which writing shall purport and expresse that the party named in such writeing is authorized and appointed to export or to cause to be exported out of the Port aforesaid soe much wooll expressing the number of the Tods to the same Isle to be used or manufactured in one of the same Isles or in some of the members or parts of the same, and that such party soe authorized and appointed to export or cause to be exported that wooll hath before the makeing and sealing of that writeing entered sufficient Bond to his Majestyes use for the landing of the said wooll in that Isle, And to the intent that the quantity of wooll to be exported out of the Port of Southampton aforesaid into the said Isles or either

of them in any one yeare accompting the yeare to begin from the first day of January next ensueing, and soe

yearely from the first day of January may not exceed the quantity hereunder specified that is to say unto the Isle of Jersey Two thousand Tods and noe more of unkeamed wool, and unto Guemzey one thousand Tods and noe more of unkeamed wooll, and unto Alderney two hundred Tods and noe more of unkeamed wooll, and unto Sarke one hundred Tods of unkeamed wooll and noe more every Tod not exceeding thirty two pounds.

And be it enacted by the authoride aforesaid That the Govemour of the said Isle of Jersey or his Depurie for whom he will answere shall not make to any person or persons any writeing or writeings such as is above specified to authorize or appoint such person or persons as aforesaid to fetch export or transport out of the Port of Southampton aforesaid unto the said Isle of Jersey in one yeare accompting the yeare from the first day of January One thousand six hundred and sixty aforesaid, any greater quandty of wooll then two thousand Tods in any one yeare, and that the Govemour of the said Isle of Guemzey or his Deputy for whom he will answere shall not make to any person or persons any writeing or writeings such as is above specified to authorize and appoint

VIII.

Any Person nay •rise Goods loaded contrary to this Act with Intent to be exported, and to bate the Moiety thereof.

IX.

Person seizing not to be Evidence against the Offender.

X.

Ships of Aliens or Persons not

inhabiting in England, exporting Sheep, kc. forfeited.

XI.

Proviso for drest Lambskins.

XII.

Proviso for Pelts or Beds stuffed with Flocks used in Ships.

Proviso for Wether Sheep, Re. used in Ships.

XIII. Proviso for Wool exported from Southampton to Jersey, Guernsey, Re.

Exporter to deliver to Officer a Certificate from the Governor that he is authorized so to export.

Contents of such Certificate.

Quantity of Wool allowed to be so exported.

XIV. Quantity of Wool for which Governor of Jersey to grant Certificate.

The like Provision as to Guernsey.

12° Cak. II. c. 32, 33.

A.D. 1660,

Officer at the Port of Southampton to keep an Account of Wool laden there;

Penalty.

Governors granting Licences for greater Quantities than before mentioned;

Penalty.

XV.

Fee to Governors, &c. for granting Licence.

Taking greater Fee, Penalty.

such person or persons as aforesaid to fetch export or transport out of the Port above specified unto the said Isles of Guemzey with Aldemy and Sarke in any one yeare accompting the yeare from the first day of January aforesaid any greater quantity of Wooll then one thousand Tods for Guemzey, Two hundred Tods for Aldemy and One hundred Tods for Sarke in any one yeare, And that the Customer of the Port of Southampton aforesaid shall keepe a true fcccompt of all the said quantity of Wooll soe by him permitted to be loaden by vertue of this Act, and shall not permitt any greater quantitye of Woolls to be loaden then by this Act is prescribed in any one yeare to either of the said Islands respectively under any pretence whatsoever upon the penalty of the forfeiture of his place, and of the summe of One hundred pounds in money one moyetie whereof to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, and the other moyety to him or them that will sue for the same in any Court of Record wherein noe Essoyne Protection or wager of Law shall be allowed. And if any of the Govemours aforesaid or any their or either of their Deputy or Deputyes of the said Isles or [of1] either of them shall give grant or make any Licence or Licences for exporting from Southampton aforesaid into the said Isles respectively [of1] any greater quantity of such Wooll then is [before'] by the true meaning of this Act limited and appointed in that behalfe That then the respective Governor or Governors of such of the said Isles shall forfeit and pay to the Kings Majesty his Heires or Successors the summe of Twenty pounds of lawfull money of England for every Todd of Wooll which shall be soe licensed to be exported over and above the rate or proportion of Wooll in and by this Act, or the true meaning thereof limited or appointed,

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the respective Govemours aforesaid or their respective Deputyes, or any their Clerks Officers or Servants for the granting makeing or sealeing of every such writeing of Licence as is abovesaid and for the entering a Remembrance of the same into some Booke which they shall have and keepe for that purpose may have and take the summe of twelve pence and noe more upon paine of forfeiting to the party grieved the summe of Five shillings for every penny which shall be taken over and above the said summe of twelve pence in and by this Act allowed to be taken, and soe after that proportion the said penalty or forfeiture for the takeing above twelve pence as aforesaid to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record at Westminster or elsewhere wherein noe Injunction Protection Priviledge Essoyne or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed.

CHAPTER XXXm.

JUn. Pari. i2 C.II. An Act for Confirmation of Marriages.

P-4.hu. 7.

Marriages since 1st May 1642 confirmed.

XTWHEREAS by vertue or colour of certaine Ordinances or certaine pretended Acts or Ordinances diverse v v marriages since the begining of the late troubles have beene had and solemnized in some other manner then hath formerly beene used and accustomed, Now for the preventing and avoiding of all doubts and questions touching the same It is Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde with the advice and assent of the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled and by [the*] Authority of the same That all marriages had or solemnized in any of his Majestyes Dominions since the first day of May [in the yeare of our Lord'] One thousand six hundred forty and two before any Justice of Peace or reputed Justice of Peace of England or Wales or other his Majestyes Dominions and by such Justice or reputed Justice soe pronounced or declared. And all marriages within any of his Majesties Dominions since the same first day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty two had or solemnized according to the direction or true intent of any Act or Ordinance or reputed Act or Ordinance of one or both Houses of Parliament, or of any Convention sitting at Westminster under the Name Stile or Title of a Parliament or assumeing that Name Stile or Title shall be and shall be adjudged esteemed and taken to be, and to have beene of the same and noe other force and effedf as if such marriages had beene had and sollemnized according to the Rites and Ceremonies established or used in the Church or Kingdome of England Any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II.

Issues upon Bastardy, or Lawfulness of Marriages, to be tried by Jury.

And bee it further Enabled That where in/any Suite commenced or to be commenced in any of the Courts of the common Law any issue hath beene joyned and not already tryed or determined, or shall be joyned upon the point of Bastardy or lawfulnes of marriage for or concerning the marriages had and solemnized as aforesaid, the same Issues shall be tryed by Jury of Twelve Men according to the course of Tryall of other Issues tryable by Jury at the common Law and not otherwise Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* 0. omits.

A.D. 1660.

12° Car. II. c. 34, 35.

297

CHAPTER XXXIV.

An Act for Prohibiting the Planting Setting or Sowing of Tobaccho in England and Ireland.

YOUR Majesty es Loyall and Obedient Subjects The Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled considering of how great concern and importance it is That the Colonies and Plantations of this Kingdome in America be defended protected maintained and kept up, and that all due and possible incouragement be given unto them, and that not onely in regard great and considerable Dominions and Countryes have beene thereby gained and added to the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme, But for that the strength and welfaire of this Kingdome doe very much depend upon them in regard of the imployment of a very considerable part of its Shipping and Seamen, and of the vent of very great quantities of its Native Cdmodities and Manufadures as alsoe of its supply with severall considerable Commodities which it was wont formerly to have onely from Forraigners and at farr dearer Rates And forasmuch as Tocaccho is . one of the maine products of severall of those Plantations, and upon which their Welfaire and Subsistance and the Navigation of this Kingdome and vent of its Commodities thither doe much depend. And in regard it is found by experience that the Tobacchoes planted in these parts are not soe good and wholsome for the takers thereof, and that by the planting thereof Your Majestie is deprived of a considerable part of Your Revenue ariseing by Customs upon imported Tobaccho Doe most humbly pray that it may be Enabled by your Majesty, And it is hereby enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same that noe person or persons whatsoever shall or doe from and after the first day of January in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty sett, plant, improve to grow make or cure any Tobaccho [either1] in Seed Plant or otherwise in or upon any ground earth field or place within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales Iselandf of Guernsey or Jersey or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or in the Kingdome of Ireland under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such Tobaccho or the value thereof & of the summe of forty shillings for every Rodd or Pole • of Ground soe planted sett or sowne as aforesaid and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity of Ground, one moyetie thereof to His Majestie his Heires and Successors And the- other moyety to him or them that shall sue for the same to be recovered by Bill Plaint or Information in any Court of Record wherein noe Essoyne Protection or wager in Law shall be allowed

And it is hereby further Enacted that all Sheriffes Justices of the Peace Maiors Bailiffes Constables and every of them upon Information or Complaint made unto them or any of them by any the Officers of the Customes or by any other person or persons whatsoever that there is any Tobaccho sett sowne planted or growing within their Jurisdictions or Precincts contrary to this Act shall within ten dayes after such Information or Complaint cause to be burnt plucked up consumed or utterly destroyed all such Tobaccho soe sett sowen planted or growing.

And it is hereby further enacted that in case any person or persons shall resist or make forceable Opposition against any person or persons in the due and through execution of this Act that every such person or persons for every such Offence shall forfeit the summe of five pounds to be divided and recovered in manner aforesaid. And in case any person or persons shall not pay the summes of money by them to be paid by vertue of this Act that in every such case Distresse shall be made and Sale thereof returning the Overplus to the Owners and in case noe Distresse be to be found that then every such party shall be committed to the common Goale in the County where such Offence shall be committed there to remaine for the space of two monethes without bade or maineprize.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enacted that this Act or any thing therin contained shall extend to the hindering of the planting of Tobaccho in any Phisicke Garden of either University or in any other private Garden for Phisicke or Surgery onely soe as the quantity soe planted exceed not one balfe of one Pole in any one place or Garden.

Rti.Pari. is C.II. this Act.

No Person after the xtt Jan. 1660 shall tet or plant any Tobacco.

Penalty.

II.

Sheriffii and other Officer* may destroy Tobacco punted contraryto this Act.

III. Refitting Execution of Ad, Penalty £$.

Distretf.

If no Distretf, Imprisonment.

IV.

Proviso for Phytic Gardent.

CHAPTER XXXV.

An Act for Eroding and Establishing a Post Office*

WHEREAS for the maintenance of mutuall Correspondencies and prevention of many Inconveniendes happening by v v private Posts severall publique Post Offices have beene heretofore erected for carrying and recarrying of Letters by Posts to and from all parts and places within England Scotland and Ireland and severall parts beyond the Seas the well ordering whereof is a matter of generall concernment, and of great advantage as well for preservation of Trade and Commerce as otherwise, To the end therefore that the same may be managed soe that speedy and safe dispatches may be had which is most likely to be effected by eroding one Generali Post Office for that purpose. Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie & the Lords and Comons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same that there be from henceforth one Generall Letter Office erected and established in some convenient place within the Citty of London from whence all Letters and Pacquets whatsoever may be with speede and expedition sent unto any part of the Kingdomes of England Scotland and Ireland, or any other of His Majestyes Dominions or unto any Kingdome or Country beyond the Seas, at which said Office all

Rat. Parl.it C.II. /. 4. am. 8.

Reatoot for patting this Act.

A Letter Office erected in London.

4 G

irCAB.IL c. 35.

f.ZU660.

A Muter of the Office to be appointed by the King by the Name of Pott Muter General.

Power and Duty of Pott Matter General.

Exception at to Letters tent by Coaches, &c.

by Ships,

by private Friends,

and as to

Messengers

carrying

Commissions, &c.

II.

The Post Muter General, and no other, to provide Horses for riding Post.

III.

Rates for carrying Letters.

Retumes and Answers may be likewise received, and that one Master of the said Generali Letter Office shall be from time to time appointed by the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors to be made oi constituted by Letters Patents under the Great Seale of England by the name and Stile of His Majestyes Post Master Generali, which said Master of the said Office and his Deputy and Deputyes by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, and his and their Servants and Agents, and noe other person or persons whatsoever shall from time to time have the receiving takeing up ordering dispatching sending post or with speede and delivering of all Letters and Pacquets whatsoever which shall from time to time be sent to and from aH and every the parts and places of England Scotland and Ireland and other his Majestyes Dominions, and to and from all and every die Kingdomes and Countryes beyond (he Seas, where he shall setle or cause to be seded Posts or runing Messengers for that purpose. Except such Letters as shall be sent by Coaches common knowne Carriours of Goods by Carts Waggons or Packehorses and shall be carryed along with their Carts Waggons and Packehorses respectiveFy, and except Letters of Merchantf and Masters which shall be sent by any Masters of any Shipps Barques or other Vessell of merchandize or by any other person imployed by them for the cariage of such Letters aforesaid according to the respective directions, and alsoe except Letters to be sent by any private friend or friends in their wayes of journey or travill, or by any messenger or messengers sent on purpose for or concerning the private affaires of any person or persons, and alsoe except Messengers who carry and recarry Commissions or the Retume thereof Affidavits Writts Processe or Proceedings or the Returnes thereof issueing out of any Court.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That such Post Master Generali for the time being as shall from time to time be made and constituted by His Majesty His Heires and Successors and the respective Deputyes or Substitutes of such Post Master Generali and noe other person or persons whatsoever shall prepare & provide Horses and Furniture to lett to Hire unto all Through posts and persons rideing in post by Commission or

without to and from all and every the [parts &'] places of England Scotland and Ireland where any Post rodes are,

or shall be setled and established.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Post Master Generali to be constituted and appointed as aforesaid and his Deputy or Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized to demand have receive and take for the portage and conveyance of all such Letters which he shall soe convey carry or send post as aforesaid, and for the providing and furnishing Horses for Through posts or persons rideing in post as aforesaid according to the severall Rates and Summes of lawfrdl English money hereafter mentioned and not to exceed the same (that is to say)

For the port of every Letter not exceeding one sheate to or from any place not exceeding fowerscore English miles distant from the place where such Letter shall be received Two pence.

And for the like port of every Letter not exceeding two sheets Fower pence,

And for the like port of every Pacquet of Letters proportionably unto the said Rates,

And for the like port of every Packquet of Writts Deeds and other things after the Rate of Eight pence for every [one1] ounce [weight1]

And for the port of every Letter not exceeding one sheete above the distance of fowerscore English miles from the place where the same snail be received Three pence.

And for the like port of a Letter not exceeding two sheets Six pence, and proportionably to the same Rates for the like port of all pacquets of Letters,

And for the like port of every other pacquet of Writts Deeds or other things after the rate of Twelve pence of English money for every ounce weight,

And for the port of every Letter not exceeding one sheete from London unto the Towne of Berwicke or from thence to the Citty of London Three pence of English money.

And for the like port of every Letter not exceeding two sheets Six pence and proportionably unto the same rates for every pacquet of Letters

And for every other other pacquet of greater Bulke One shilling and six pence for every Ounce weight.

And for the port of such Letters & Pacquets as shall be conveyed or carryed from the Towne of Berwicke

unto any place or places within forty English miles distance from Berwicke or any other place where such Letter shall be received Two pence

And for every Letter not exceeding two sheets sower pence and proportionably to the same rates for every pacquet of Letters

And for every other pacquet or parcell Eight pence for every Ounce weight.

And for every Letter not exceeding One sheete to be conveyed or carryed a further distance then forty English miles sower pence,

And for the like port of every double Letter Eight pence, and proportionably unto the same Rates for the like port of every pacquet of Letters

And for the like port of every other pacquet One shilling for every Ounce weight.

And for the port of every letter not exceeding one sheet from England unto the Citty of Dublin in Ireland, or

from the Citty of Dublin in Ireland unto England Six pence of English money,

And for the like pojt of every letter not exceeding two sheets One shilling and proportionably to the same rate6 for every pacquet of letters,

And for the port of every other pacquet of any kinde of greater Bulke two shillings for every Ounce weight.

12° Car..IL c. 35.

299

And for (he port of such learn or pacquets as shall be conveyed or carryed from the Chty of Dublin unto any other place or places within the Kingdome of Ireland, or from any other place unto the said Chty, or to or from any ocher plate within the said Kingdome according to the rates and summes of English money hereafter following viz1

For every letter not exceeding one sheete to or from any place within Forty English miles distance from Dublin or any othe* place where such letter shall be received Two pence.

And for every letter not exceeding two sheets Foure pence* and proportfonably to the same rates for every pacquet of letters.

And for every other pacquet of greater bulke Eight pence for every Ounce weight,

And for every letter not exceeding one sheete to be carry ed or conveyed a further distance then forty English miles Foure pence.

And for the like port of every letter not exceeding two sheets Eight pence and proportionably unto the mne rates for the like port of every [pacquet'] of Letters,

And for the like port of every other packquets of greater bulke One shilling for every Ounce weight,

And for all and every the letters pacquets and parcells of Goods that shall be carried or conveyed to, or from any of His Majestyes said Dominions to or from any other parts or places beyond the Seas according to the severall and respective rates that now are and have beene taken for letters pacquets and parcells soe conveyed being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce weight That is to say

Morlaix Saint Maloes Caen New-haven and places of like distance, port paid to Roaen is for

{Single Double Treble Ounce

/"Single

Hamburgh Coilen Frankfort port I Double paid to Antwerp is - - Treble

M)unce

s. d.

- o vj

- [jo*]

- 0 »j’]

- U»j’]

*. d. o viij

- [j"43

- C'j

- [«jo‘]

Venice Geneva Legome Rome /'Single Naples Messina and all other parts j Double of Italy by way of Venice fran& Treble pro Mantua - '•Ounce

s. d. o ix

j vi

ij iij ij viij s. d.

Marcelia Smerna Constantinople Aleppo and all parts of Turky port paid to Marcelia

Single I Double

{ Three quarters of ] an ounce LOunce - - iij

Genova Legorae Rome and other parts of Italy by way of Lions^ fmrfX pro Lyons

"Single - - j

Double - - ij

Three quarts of an ounce Ounce

- iij

d.

o

o

ix

ix

And of Letters sent outward?

To Bourdeaux Rochel Nantz Orleans Byon Towers and places of like distance port paid to Paris

And for Letters brought from the same places into England

Single

Double

Treble

Ounce

"Single

Double

3 quarters of

ounce

Ounce

d.

ix

j [iv«]

ij iij

- >J

s.

- J

- >j

in 1 ..

.}»j

- iKj

o

d.

o

o

Alsoe Letters sent outward?

s. d.

To Noremberg Bremen Dantzick Lubeck Lipswick and other place^ of like distance post paid to Ham- "Single Double j 4 o o

3 quartern of ounce an )"j o

burgh - - - _Ounce - r iv o

s. d.

[ Single - - o viij

And for Letters brought from! f Double - - j hr

the said places to England - - 1 Treble - - *j o

1 I Ounce - - 4 o

And for the Port Letters brought into England from

s. <L

| ( Single - - o tv

Calais Diep Bulloigne Abbeville 1 I Double - - o viij

Amiens Saint Omen Mootrell - j I Treble - - j 0

1 I Ounce - - j o

•- d.

| /'Single - - o

Rouen 1 Double - - j o

Treble - - j 7i

Ounce - - j [«iT]

s. d.

j r Single - - o ix

Paris - \ ! 1 Double - - j ▼j

| Treble - - ]"j

• Ounce - - 4 o

•: d.

Dunkirke Ostend Lisle Ypre / f Single - - o viij

Courtrey Gaunt Bruxels Bridges 1 1 Double - - j hr

Antwerpe and all other parts of] Treble - 4 0

Flaunders - - - * c Ounce - 4 0

». d*

Sluce Flushing Midleburgh ’ Single - - o viij

Amsterdam Roterdam Delfe Hague ^ Double - - j iv

and from all other parts of Holland Treble - - 4 o

and Zealand .... • Ounce - - ij o

Provided alwayes That all Merchants Accompts not exceeding one sheete of paper and all Bills of Exchange Invoices and Bills of Ladeing are and shall hereby be understood to be allowed without Rate in the price of the Letters, and likewise the Covers of Letters not exceeding one fourth part of a sheete of paper sent to Marseiles Venice or Legome to be sent forward to Turky shall be understood to be allowed to passe without rate or payment for the same and according to the same rates and proportions for the port of Letters pacquets and parcells to or from any of the parts or places beyond the Seas where Posts have not beene heretofore setled and may hereafter be setled by the said Post Master Generali for the time being his Executors or Assignee

IV.

Proviso for Merchants’ Accounts, arc.

and for Covers of Letters to Marseilles, Ire. to be sent to Turkey.

12° Car. II. c. 35.

A.D. 1660.

V.

Rite of Hire for Poet Hones.

VI.

Recital that Ship Letters have been detained or delivered to improper Persons.

Ships Letters to be put into Post Office.

Exception.

VII.

Post Masters only to carry Letters.

Exception.

Carrying Letters, letting Post Horses, fee. to hire contrary to this Act, Penalty.

Penalties how divided.

VIII.

Proviso where Post Master doth not provide Horses.

IX.

Post Master General not providing Horses, &c.

Penalty

X.

Proviso for carrying Letters, &c. to the next Post Stage.

XI. Carrying Mail out of England in Foreign Vessels. Penalty j£ioo.

And it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Post Master Generali and his Deputy and Deputyes to aake demand take and receive of every person that he or they shall furnish and provide with Horses Furniture and Guide to ride post in any of the Post roads as aforesaid Three pence of English money for each Horses hire or postage for every English mile and Foure pence for the Guide for every Stage.

And whereas upon the arrivall of Shipps from parts beyond the Seas into severall Ports within His Majesties Dominions many Letters directed to severall Merchants and others have beene detained long to the great damage of the Merchants in want of that speedy advice and intelligence which they might have had if the same had beene forthwith dispatched by the setled Posts, and sometimes such Letters have beene delivered by the Masters or Passengers of such Shipps to ignorant and loose hands that understand not the way and meanes of speedy conveyance and delivery of Letters whereby great prejudice hath accrued to the affaires of Merchants and others as well by the miscarriage of many Letters soe brought as oftentimes by the opening of the same to the discovery of the Correspondencies and secrets of the Merchant. Be it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Letters and Pacquets that by any Master of any Shipp or Vessell or any of his Company or any Passengers therein shall or may be brought to any Port Towne within His Majestyes Dominions or any of the Members thereof other then such Letters as are before excepted, 8c may be sent by common knowne Carriours in manner aforesaid or by a friend as aforesaid shall by such Master Passenger or other person bee forthwith delivered unto the Deputy or Deputyes onely of the said Post Master Generali for the dme being by him appointed for the said Port towne and by him or them to be sent post unto the said Generali Post Office to be delivered according to the severall and respective directions of the same.

And be it further Enacted by the aforesaid Authoride That noe person or persons whatsoever or Body Politique or Corporate other then such Post Master Generali as shall from time to time be [nominated &’] appointed by His Majestie his Heires or Successors and constituted by Letters Patents under the Great Seale of England as aforesaid

and his Deputy and Deputyes or Assignes shall presume to carry recarry and deliver Letters for Hire other then

as before excepted or to sett up or imploy any Foote-post Horse-post Coach-post or Pacquet Boate whatsoever for the conveying carrying and recarrying of any Letters or Pacquets by Sea or Land within His Majestyes Dominions or shall provide and maintaine Horses and Furniture for the horsing of any Through posts or persons rideing in post with a Guide and Horne as usuall for Hire upon paine of Forfeiting the summe of Five pounds of English money for every severall offence against the Tenor of this present Act, And alsoe of the forfeiture of the

summe of One hundred pounds of like English money for every weekes time that any Offender against this Act

shall imploy maintaine and continue any such Foote post Horse post Coach post or Pecquet boate as aforesaid, which said severall and respective Forfeitures shall and may be sued for and recovered by Action or Actions of Debt Plaint or Information in any of His Majesties Courts of Record wherein noe Essoigne priviledge protection or wager of Law shall be admited, and the said severall and respective forfeitures that shall happen from time to time to be recovered shall be and remaine the one moyety thereof to His Majesty and His Heires and Successors and the other moyety thereof to such person or persons who shall or will informe against the Offender or Offenders against this present Act, and shall or will sue for the said forfeitures upon the same.

Provided alwayes that if any Post Master of any respective place doth not or cannot furnish any person or persons rideing in post with sufficient Horses within the space of one halfe houre after demand, that then such person or persons are hereby understood to be left at liberty to provide themselves as conveniently they can. And the persons who shall furnish such Horses shall not therefore be lyable to any penaltyes or forfeitures contained in this Act.

Provided alwayes That if through default or negcleft of the Post Master Generali aforesaid any person or persons rideing in post shall faile as aforesaid of being furnished with a sufficient Horse or Horses for his or their use after demand as aforesaid That in every such case the said Post Master Generali shall forfeite the summe of Five pounds sterling, the one moyety to His Majesty His Heires and Successors, and the other moyety to him or them who shall sue for the same in any Court of Record to be recovered by Bill Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoyne Protection or other wager in Law shall be admitted

Provided alwayes and be it Enacted That noe thing herein contained shall be understood to prohibite the carrying or recarrying of any Letters or Pacquets to or from any Towne or Place to or from the next respective Post road or Stage appointed for that purpose But that every person shall have free liberty to send and imploy such persons as they shall thinke fitt for to carry the said Letters or Pacquets as aforesaid without any forfeiture or penalty therefore Any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes That if the Pacquet or Mail shall be carryed out of England into any part beyond the Seas in any Ship or Vessell which is not of English built and navigated with English Seamen That in every such case the said Post Master Generali shall forfeite the summe of One hundred pounds sterling, the one moyety to his Majestie his Heires and Successors and the other moyety to him or them who shall sue for the same in any Court of Record to be recovered by Bill Plaint or other Intormation wherein noe Essoyne Protection or other wager in Law shall be allowed.

12° Car. II. c.35,36

301

Provided alaoe and be it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that noe person or persons shall be capeable of haveing usetng or exercising the Office of Post Master Generali or any other imployment relating to the said Office anlesse he or they shall first take the Oathes of Alleigiance and Supremacy before any two lattices of the Peace of the respective Countyes wherein such person or persons are or shall be resident, which said Justices are hereby authorized to administer the said Oathes accordingly.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That a Letter or Pacquet post shall twice every weeke come by die way of Trurow and Penrin to the Towne of Markedew alias Marhasion in the County of Cornwall and once a weeke to Kendall by the way of Lancaster and to the Towne of Penrith in Cumberland by the way of Newcasde and Carlisle & to the Citty of Lincolne and the Burrough of Grimsby in the County of Lincolne Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and be it Enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That such Post Master Generali to be from tune to tune appointed by His Majesde His Heires and Successors as aforesaid shall continue constant Posts for carriage of Letters to all places though they lye out of the Post roads as hath beene used for [the space of1] three yeares last past at the rates herein before mentioned under paine of forfeiture for every omission Five Pounds to be recovered by Action Suite or Plaint in any His Majesties Courts of Record, the one moyety to the use of His Majesde the other moyety to the use of the Informer.

And for the better management of the said Post Office, and that the people of these Kingdomes may have their intercourse of Commerce and Trade the better maintained and their Letters and Advices conveyed carryed and recarryed with the greatest speede security and convenience that may be Be it further Enacted That the said Post Master Generali soe nominated appointed and constituted as aforesaid and his Deputyes shall from time to time observe and follow such orders rules directions and instructions for and concerning the setlement of convenient Posts and Stages upon the severall roads in England Scotland and Ireland and other His Majesty es Dominions, and the providing and keepeing of a sufficient number of Horses at the said severall Stages as well for the carrying and conveying of the said Letters and Pacquets as for the horsing of all thorow Posts and persons rideing in post by warrant or otherwise as aforesaid as His Majestye His Heires and Successors shall from time to time in that behalfe make and ordaine, And that His Majestie His Heires and Successors may grant the said Office of Post Master Generali together with the powers and authorities thereunto belonging and the severall rates of portage above mentioned and all profits priviledges fees perquisites and emolluments thereunto belonging or to belong either for life or terme of yeares not exceeding one and twenty yeares to such person or persons and under such Covenants Conditions and yearely Rents to his said Majestie His Heires and Successors reserved as His said Majestie His Heires and Successors shall from time to time thinke fitt for the best advantage and benefit of the Kingdome,

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe person shall have power to take

use or seize any Horses for the service mentioned in this AS without the consent of the owners thereof, Any

wage or pretence or any thing in this AS contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and be it Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Inland Letters sent by any pacquet Post established by this Act as aforesaid doe and shall pay the rates and prices before mentioned at such Stage where they are last delivered onely unlesse the party that delivers the Letters desireth to pay elsewhere, Any dung in this AS to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes that all Letters and other things may be sent or conveyed to or from the two Universities

in manner as heretofore hath beene used Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.

Officers in the Post Office to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

XIIL Proviso aa to Marhaaioo, Kendall, Penrith,

Grimsby.

XIV.

Pott Master to continue cooatant Potts.

Penalty

XV.

The Post Master Genera), &c. to observe such Orders as His Majesty shall make.

Hi* Majoty mir grant the said Office for Life or Years, not exceeding ai Ye

XVI.

No Horses to be taken without Consent of the Owners.

XVII. Rates of Inland Letters to be paid where delivered. Exception.

xvm.

Proviso for Letters sent to and from the Universities.

CHAPTER XXX VL

An Act impowering the Master of the Rolls for the time being to make Leases for yeares in order to new build

the old houses belonging to the Rolls. (’)

Rti.Psrl.lt C.IL P- 4-

"VTWHEREAS the Mansion House Ground and Tenements with the appurtenances belonging to the Master of v T the Rolls as Master of the Rolls are much out of repaire and not capeable of improvement in regard the former Masters of the Rolls were not enabled to grant such leases, and for such termes as might incourage tennants to build and to repaire Be it therefore enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majestie and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled And it is hereby enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Master of the Rolls for the time being and his successors Masters of the Rolls shall have good right foil power and lawfoll authority dureing the time he or they shall continue Master of the Rolls by writing indented under hand and seale

Recital that the Houae of the Rolls it out of Repair, by reason that the Master of the Rolls is not enabled to grant Leases.

The Master of the Rolls enabled to grant Leases for 41 Years.

1 interlined on the Roll

* This Act received the Royal Assent in the Form of a Private A&, viz* " Soit salt come il est desire and is in the Bundle

of Private Acts at the Parliament Office; but it is inrolled as a Public Act on the Fourth Part of the Rolls of this Year, and ham usually been printed as Chapter XXXVI.

4 H

12° Car. IL c.36.

A.D. 1660.

The Chapel and Houae of the Rolls, kc, excepted.

Proviso as to Provision for new-building of Houses.

to grant and make leases for one and forty yeares or for any lesser terme to commence from the makeing of any such leases of all and singular the premises or any part thereof the Chappell of the Rolls with a convenient Mansion House Court Yard Garden Stable Coach house and other Outhouses and buildings fitt for the use and habitation of the Master of the Rolls onely excepted, which lease and leases soe to be made shall be good and effectuall in law to all intents and purposes 'as if such Master of the Rolls for the time being as shall soe make the same had beene seized of the premisses of a good estate in fee simple. Provided that in leases where provision is made for new building of houses or tenements that the yearely rent of twenty shillings at the least shall be reserved upon every lease of such a quantity of the said premisses as shall be sett out and assigned by the Master of the Rolls for the time being for any one house or tenement to be built upon, and that in leases where there is noe provision for new building the like usuall rent that hath beene paid or reserved for the greater part of seaven yeares now last past or more shall be yearely reserved. Provided alsoe that the Master of the Rolls for the time being or any succeeding Master of the Rolls after the premises have been once letten according to the power given as. abovesaid shall not grant or make any new or concurrent lease untill within seaven yeares of the expiration of the lease then in being, nor for any lesser rent then was reserved upon the former lease, nor for any longer terme then for the terme of one and twenty yeares from the makeing of such new Lease.

ITEM quedam peti£6es privatas psonas concementes in se formam Actus condnentea exhibita fuerunt p>dco Dno

Regi in Pari p>d quaru dtuli subscribuntur viz

PRIVATE ACTS

1. An Act for restoring of Henry Lord Arundell of Warder to the possession of his estate.

2. An Act for restitution of Thomas Earle of Arundell, Surrey, and Norfolk to the dignity and ride of Duke of Norfolke.

3. An Act to restore to Wentworth Earle of Roscomon of the Kingdome of Ireland all the Honours Casdes Lordships Lands Tenements and Hereditaments in Ireland whereof James Earle of Roscomon his Great Grandfather Robert Earle of Roscomon his grandfather, or James late Earle of Roscomon his father were in possession on the three and twentieth of October One thousand six hundred forty one.

4. An Act for enabling of John Newton the younger and William Oakeley to make sale of Lands for payment of debts and raising portions.

5. An Act for restoreing Sir George Hamilton unto his lands and estate in Ireland.

6. An Act for maintenance of the Viccar for the time being of the Viccaridge of Royston in the Counties of Hertford and Cambridge and of his successors Viccars of the said Vicaridge.

7. An Act for enabling Sir William Wray to sell lands for payment of his debts, and raising of portions for his younger children.

8. An Act for naturalizing of Gerrard Vantethusen Daniell Demetrius Theodore Cocke John Cravenburgh & others

9. An Act for the levying of certaine moneys due upon the collection for the protestants of Piedmont.

10. An Act for the naturalizing of John Boreel Esq^ eldest sonne of Sir William Boreel Knight and Baronet.

11. An Act for the naturalizing of Abraham Watchtor borne beyond the Seas.

ia. An Act for restoring of Sir Thomas Crimes Baronet to his estate.

13. An Act enabling George Faunt of Foston in the County of Leicester Esq> to sell and convey part of his

Lands for payment of severall debts and legacies charged upon his estate by Sir William Faunt Knight deceased and for the raising of portions for his younger children and makeing his wife a joynture.

14. An Act for naturalizing of [Frances1] Hyde and others.

1 On the Roll the Name is not intelligible, the Letter « e99 remaining with a dot or tittle at the top as an M i", but in the Original Act it is " Frances."

12° Cab. II.

303

15. An Act to enable Joseph Micklethwaite an infant and his trustees to sell land for payment of his fathers debts.

16. An Act for raising portions and makeing provision for maintenance for the younger children of Sir Edward Gostwkke Baronet

17. An Act for confirming the sale of the Manour of Hitcham sold to Charles Doe by Sir John Clarke Knight and Baronet, and for setting and disposing other the lands of the said Sir John Clarke and Dame PhQodelphia his Wife.

i*. An Act for the setling of some of the Manours & Lands of the Earle of Cleavland in trustees to be sold for the sadsfieing of the debts of the said Earle and of Thomas Lord Wentworth his sonne.

19. An Act for the disappropriating of the Redory appropriate of Preston and uniting and consolidating of the said Redory and of the Vicaridge of the Church of Preston and for the assureing of the Advowson and right of patronage of the same u$to the Master Fellowes and Schollers of Emanuell Colledge in Cambridge and their successors.

20. An Act for makeing the precind of Covent Garden parochiall.

( 5U4 )

Rot. Pari, 13 C.II,

p. I. mu. 1.

Reasons lor passing this Act.

Seditious Sermons, Pamphlets, and Speeches.

13 Eliz. c. 1.

What shall be adjudged Treason during the Life of the iGng.

Anno 13° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1661.

Stat. I. (x)

STATUTES MADE IN THE SE88ION OF PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And there continued until the Thirtieth Day of July in the same Year,

AND FROM THENCE ADJOURNED

Until the Twentieth Day of November then next following.

&T i&otulo i&arltamentf he anno i&egni i&egts Carol! 3>eeunDt, Dertmo tertto.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato et tento apud Westm Octavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenissimi et Excellentissimi Dm nri Caroli Secundi Dei Gracia Anglie Scode Francie et Hifcnie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Dedmo tertio et ibidem usqN ad et in Tricesimu Diem Julii in eodem Anno et inde usc^ ad Vicesimu Diem Novembr tunc pxifii sequent adjourn Comuni omniu Domino^ et Coltatis consensu et Regie Majestads Assensu sancita inacdtata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequenda Statuta ad yerbum ut sequitur (viz1)

Publique Acts.

CHAPTER L

An Act for Safety and Preservation of His Majesties Person and Government against Treasonable and Seditious

practices and attempts

f I ^HE Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament deeply weighing and considering the miseries and calamities JL of well nigh twenty yeares before your Majesties happy Return and withall reflecting upon the causes h occasions of soe great and deplorable confusions do in all humility and thankfiilnes acknowledge Tour Majesties incomparable Grace and Goodnes to Tour People in Tour Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion by which Tour Majestie hath beene pleased to deliver Tour Subjects not only from the Punishment but alsoe from the Reproach of their former miscarriages which unexampled Piety and Clemency of Tour Majesty hath enflamed the hearts of us Tour Subjects with an ardent desire to expresse all possible zeal and duty in the care and preservation of Tour Majesties Person in whose Honour and Happines consists the good and welfare of Tour People and in preventing (as much as may be) all Treasonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts for the time to come And because the growth and increase of the late troubles & disorders did in a very great measure proceed from a multitude of seditious Sermons Pamphlets and Speeches dayly preached printed and published with a transcendent boldnes defaming the Person and Government of your Majestie and your Royall Father wherein men were to much encouraged and (above all) from a wilfull mistake of the Supreame and lawful 1 Authoritie whilst men were forward to cry up and maintaine those Orders and Ordinances Oathes and Covenants to be Acts legall and warrantable which in themselves had not the least colour of Law or Justice to support them from which kind of distempers as the present Age is not yet wholly freed so Posterity may be apt to relapse into them if a timely remedy be not provided Wee therefore the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled having duly considered the jpmisses and remembring that in the Thirteenth yeare of the Reigne of Queene Elizabeth of ever blessed memory a right good and profitable Law was made for preservation of Her Majesties Person Do most humbly beseech Tour most Excellent Majesty that it may be Enacted And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That if any person or persons whatsoever after the four and twentieth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and one during the naturall life of ovir most Gracious Soveraigne Lord the King (whom Almighty God preserve and blesse with a long and prosperous Reigne) shall within the Realme or without compass imagine invent devise or intend death or destruccbn or any bodily harm tending to death or destruccbn maim or wounding imprisonment or restraint of the Person of the same our Soveraigne Lord the King or to deprive or

1 See Note in Page 321.

A.D. 1661.

13° Car. II. c. 1.

305

depose him from the Stile Honour or Kingly Name of the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme or of any [other1] His

Ma*" Dominions or Countreys or to levy war against His Majestie within this Realme or without or to move or

•rirr any Foreiner or Strangers with force to invade this Realme or any other His Majesties Dominions or Countreys

being under His Majesties Obeysance And such Compassings Imaginations Inventions Devices or Intentions or any

of them shall ex^ss utter or declare by any Printing Writing Preaching or Malicious and advised speaking being Tobeprovedby

legally Convicted thereof upon the Oaths of two lawfull and credible Witnesses upon triall or otherwise convicted Two witnesses.

or attainted by due course of Law then every such person and persons soe as aforesaid offending shall be deemed

declared and adjudged to be Traitors and shall suffer paines of death and alsoe loose and forfeit as in cases of

High Treason

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons at any time after the four and twentieth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and one during His Ma^ life shall malkiously and advisedly publish or affirm the King to be an Heretick or a Papist or that he endeavours to introduce Popery or shall maliciously and advisedly by writing printing preaching or other speaking expresse publish utter or declare any Words Sentences or other thing or things to incite or stir up the people to hatred or dislike of the Person of His Majestie or the established Government then every such person and persons being thereof legally convicted shall be disabled to have or enjoye and is hereby disabled and made incapable of having holding enjoying or exercising any place Office or promotion Ecclesiasticall Civill or Military or any other Imployment in Church or State other then that of his Peerage and shall likewise be liable to such further and other punishments as by the Common Laws or Statutes of this Realm may be inflicted in such cases

II.

Certain Offences, duringHisMsjesty’s Life, to dissble Persona to bear any Office.

Exception of Peerage.

And to the end that no man hereafter may be misled into any seditious or unquiet demeanour out of an

opinion that the Parliament begun and held att Westminster upon the third day of November in the yeare of our

Lord One thousand six hundred and forty is yet in being which is undoubtedly dissolved and determined and so is hereby declared and adjudged to be fully dissolved and determined or out of an Opinion that there lies any obligation upon him from any Oath Covenant or Engagement whatsoever to endeavour a change of Government either in Church or State or out of an Opinion that both Houses of Parliament or either of them have a Legislative Power without the King All which assertions have beene seditiously maintained in some Pamphlets lately printed ind are daily promoted by the active enemies of our Peace & Happines Be it therefore further Enabled by the

Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons at any time after the four and twentieth day of June in the yeare

Of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and one shall maliciously and advisedly by Writing Printing Preaching or ocher speaking express publish utter declare or affirm That the Parliament begun at Westminster upon the third day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and forty is not yet dissolved or is not determined or that it ought to be in being or hath yet any continuance or existence or that there lies any Obligation upon him or any other person from any Oath Covenant or Engagement whatsoever to endeavor a change of Government either in Church or State or that both Houses of Parliament or either House of Parliament have or hath a Legislative Power without the King or any other words to the same effect 'fhat then every such person & persons soe (*) aforesaid offending shall incurr the danger and penalty of a Premuni re mentioned in a Statute made in the sixteenth yeare of the Reigne of King Richard the Second And it is hereby alsoe declared That the Oath usually called the Solemn League and Covenant was in it selfe an unlawfull Oath and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realm against the Fundamental! Laws and Liberties of this Kingdome and that all Orders and Ordinances or pretended Orders and Ordinances of both or either Houses of Parliament for imposing of Oathes Covenants or Engagements Leavying of Taxes or Raising of Forces and Armes to which the Royall Assent either in Person or by Commission was not expresly had or given were in theire first creation and making and still are and soe shall be taken to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever [Provided neverthelesse that all and every person and persons Bodies Politique and Corporate who have beene or shall att any time hereafter be questioned for any thing acted or done by colour of any the Orders or Ordinances herein before men£6ned and declared to be null and void and are indempnified by an A6i endtuled An Act of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion made in the twelfth yeare of His Majesties Reign that now is or shall be indempnified by any Act of Parliament shall and may make such use of the said Orders and Ordinances for theire Indempnity according to the true intent and meaning of the said A6i and no other as he or they might have done if this Act had not beene made Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding3 ]

ill.

The Parliament begun 3d Not. 1640 declared to be dissolved.

No legislative Power in either or both Houses of Parliament without the King. Affirming that the said Parliament is not dissolved, or that there lies any Obligation upon any Person to endeavour a Change of Government, or that the Parliament has a legislative Power without the King.

Premuniie.

16 R.II. c.5.

The solemn League and Covenant unlawful.

Orders and Ordinances of both or either Houses of Parliament void* Proviso for Indemnity by 12 Car. II. c. ti.

Provided alwaies That noe person be prosecuted for any of the offences in this Act men&ned (other then such as are made and declared to be high Treason) unlesse it be by Order of the Kings Majestie His Heires or Successors under his or theire Signe Manual or by Order of the Councell Table of His Majesty His Heires or Successors directed unto the Attorney Generali for the time being or some other of the Council learned to His Majesty His Heires or Successors for the time being nor shall any person or persons by vertue of this present Act incur any of the penalties herein before men dined unlesse he or they be prosecuted within six moneths next after the Offence committed and indicted thereupon within three moneths after such prosecu£6n Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

[Provided always and be it Enacted That no person or persons shall be indicted arraigned condemned convicted or attainted for any of the Treasons or Offences aforesaid unlesse the same Offender or Offenders be thereof accused by the Testimony and deposition of two lawfull and credible Witnesses upon Oath which Witnesses at the time of

IV.

No Person to be prosecuted for any Offences in this Act (other t hanTreatoo) unless by special Order from His' Majesty.

Limitation of Prosecution.

V.

Treasons and Offences within this Act to be proved by Two Witnesses viva voce.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* as 0.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

13° Car. II. c. 1—3.

A.D. 1661.

VI.

Proviso for Privilege of Debate in Parliament;

and for Repeal or Alteration of Laws, or redressing public Grievances.

VII. Proviso for Trial and Pardon of Peers, &c.

Rot. Pari 13 C. //. p. t. am. a.

16 Car. I. c.27. repealed.

Rot. Pari 13 C. 11. /• um.$.

Recital of Doubts whether the Monies excepted to be accounted for, by 12Car.II. c.u. are in the King.

Goods and Monies levied since the 30th Jan. 164a, and not pardoned, are vested in His Majesty.

the said Offender or Offenders arraignment shall be brought in person before him or them face to face and shill openly avow and maintain upon Oath what they have to say against him or them concerning the Treason or Offences contained in the said Indictment unles the party or parties arraigned shall willingly without violence confess the same

Provided likewise and be it Enacted That this AS or any thing therein contained shall not extend to deprive either of the Houses of Parliament or any of theire Members of theire just ancient Freedome and priviledge of debating any matters or bushes which shall be propounded or debated in either of the said Houses or att any Conferences or Committees of both or either of the said Houses of Parliament or touching the repeal or alteratita of any old or Sparing any new Lawes or the redressing (*) any publique grievance but that the said Members of either of the said Houses and the Assistants of the House of Peers and every of them shall have the same freedoms of speech and all other Priviledges whatsoever as they had before the making of this Act Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding*]

[Provided alwaies and be it Ordained and Enacted That no Peer of this Realm shall be tried for any offence against this Act but by his Peers and further That every Peer who shall be convicted of any offence against this Act after such conviction be disabled during his life to sit in Parliament unlesse His Majesty shall graciously be pleased to pardon him And if His Majesty shall grant his pardon to any Peer of this Realm or Commoner convicted of any offence against this Act after such Pardon granted the Peer or Commoner so pardoned shall be restored to all intents and purposes as if he had never beene convicted Any thing in this Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.1]

CHAPTER IL

An Act for Repeal of an Act of Parliament Entituled An Act for disinabling all persons in Holy Orders to

exercise any Temporall Jurisdiction or Authority.

WHEREAS at the Parliament begun at Westminster the third day of November in the sixteenth yeare of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles of blessed memory since deceased an Act of Parliament was made Entituled An Act for disinabling all persons in Holy Orders to exercise any Temporall Jurisdiction or Authority Which Ad hath made severall alterations prejudidall to the constitution and ancient Rights of Parliament and contrary to the Laws of this Land and is by experience found otherwise inconvenient Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lord? and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the said Act Entituled An Act for disinabling all persons in Holy Orders to exercise any Temporall Jurisdiction or Authority and every clause matter and thing therein conteyned shall be and is hereby from hence forth repealed annulled and made void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CHAPTER HE

An Act for the declaring vesting and setting of all such Moneys Goods and other things in His Majesty which were received levied or collected in these late times and are remaining in the hands or possession of any Treasurers Receivers Collectors or others not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion.

WHEREAS divers Doubts have been made whether or no the Moneys Goods Chattels and other things excepted to be accounted for in the Act of Free and General Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion made and passed in the Parliament begun at Westfii the five and twentieth day of Aprill in the twelfth yeare of Tour Majesties Reign do belong unto and of right are in Your Majesty for that the same were not levied received collected or taken by your Majesties Authority or to your Majesties use For remedy and clearing whereof We die Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be Enacted And be it declared enacted and ordained by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament and by the Authority [ofs] thereof That all and every sum and sums of Money Goods Plate Jewels Horses Armes Ammunition and other things whatsoever levied received or taken sithence the thirtieth of January One thousand six hundred forty two by any of the late jptended Authorities or by pretence or colour of any Power or Authority derived or ptended to be derived from them or any of them for any pubfique use which are not pardoned by the said Act which are not otherwise [invested4] and setled in the Kings Majesty and all Bonds Obligations and other Securities entred into for the same or any part thereof be and are hereby vested and setled in the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors and that His Sacred Majestie His Heires and Successors may from time to time and att all times hereafter have demaund sue for and recover the same of all and every person and persons theire Heires Executors and Administrators whoe are accountable for the same or in whose hands or possessions soever the same were or are as if the same had beene leavyed received collected or taken in His Majesties Name by Authority from His Majesty or to His Majesties use Any Lawe or Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

1 of 0. « annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * 0. omits. * vested 0.

13° Car. II. c. 3,4.

am

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every person or persons which have received any the aforesaid sQm or sums of money from any Treasurer or Receiver for any publique use by way of Imprest to bee accounted for which are not pardoned or discharged by the aforesaid Act shall be liable to account and called to account in such manner and forme as if they had received the same out of his Majesdes Exchequer or any other publique Treasury and particularly those persons that have received or collected the Revenues of any Churches or Vicarages in Wales or in the County of Monmouth since the yea re of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty eight Provided they have all due allowances in theire accounts as all such persons whose accounts are excepted in the Act of Oblivion have or ought to have

And to the end His Majestie may be the better enabled to discover and sue for all such Moneys Goods and

other things invested in His Majesty by this Act it is further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That His Majesty His Heires and Successors shall and may from time to time issue forth such and so many Comissions to such and soe many persons as his Majesty shall thinke fit either under the Great Seale of England or the Seale of his Majesties Exchequer for the better discovering levying receiving and discharging the same

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all persons accountable to His Majesty by this Act shall have full power and authority and are hereby enabled to sue for levy and recover from the parties from whom the same was and is due and for which they are hereby accountable all sums of Money and Arreares in such manner and forme as they might have recovered and levied the same when they first grew due Provided

this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to call any person to account or to question any person

for Goods or other things remaining in his hands which shall not be called to account or some Informac6n against him either in the Exchequer or Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid before the foure and twentieth of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand [One thousand'] six hundred sixty two and that the said Informacbn be prosecuted with effect within twelve moneths after the Exhibition thereof.

II.

Person* having received any of such Monies to account for the same;

and particularly those who have received the Revenues of Churches in Wales.

in.

Commissions for Discovery of the same.

IV.

Persons accountable, enabled to sue for and levy all Arrears.

None questioned but upon Prosecution begun before 24th June 1662.

To be prosecuted with End.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for a free and voluntary p*sent to his Majesty.

XX TEE your Majesties most loyall and obedient subjects the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled taking vv into consideracbn your Majesties great and important occasions for a speedy supply of moneys which can no wayes be soe readily raised as by a free and voluntary present to your Majesty from those who are able and willing to aide your Majesty in this suddain exigence as a testimony of theire affections to your Majesty and in ease of the poorer sort of your subjects doe therefore beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this £feent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That your Majesty may issue out such and so many several! Commissions under your Majesties Great Seale of England into the severall Counties Cities Towns corporate and all other places in England and Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed directed to such persons as your Majesty shall thinke fit for the receiving of such subscriptions as your Majesties good subjects shall voluntary offer for supply of your Majesties pressing occasions and likewise to issue such other Commissions to such other persons as your Majesty shall thinke fitt for collecting and receiving the moneys so subscribed the acquittance of which respective Receivers or of any one of them are immediately to be made and given without any fee upon payment made and shall bee an absolute discharg for the sum soe subscribed And in case such subscriptions shall upon any occasion be returned into the Court of Exchequer or any other place the payment thereof shall be likewise returned togeather with the same Provided that no process shall issue out of the Exchequer against any person so subscribing but within two yeares next after the passing of this Act

And for the better execution of the said service the said Commissioners of the Counties Cities Towns corporate

and all other places aforesaid respectively shall and are hereby enjoyned withall convenient speed after the issuing

out and receipt of the said respective Commissions to meet togeather at the most usuall and common place of

meeting within each of the said Coundes Cities Towns corporate and all other places and the said Commissioners

or soe many of them as shall be present at the said first generall meeting or the major part of them may by theire consents and agreements sever themselves into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Wards and other places within theire respective limits in such manner and form as to them shall seeme expedient And shall likewise from time to time give notice of the respective times and places of theire meetings to the end that any persons bodies politique or corporate may if they please resort to them and make such offers or present to your Majesty as theire owne hearts shall prompt them to

Provided alwaies that no person not being a Peer of this Realm shall in such Offer or present to your Majesty exceed the sum of two hundred pounds nor any Peere of this Realme the sum of four hundred pounds

Provided alsoe That no Commissions to be issued out by vertue of this Act shall be of force or continue as to the receiving of any moneys or subscriptions for moneys after the feast of S* John the Baptist which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two.

And be it hereby declared that no Commissions or Aids of this nature can be issued out or levied but by Authority of Parliament And that this Act and the supply hereby granted shall not be drawne into example for the time to come.

1 0. omits.

Rot. Pori. 15 C.IJ. /. 1. «ar. 4.

Reasons for this Grant.

The King may issue Commisuoos under the Great Seal for receiving Subscriptions.

Acquittances bjr Receivers to be given without Fee. In what case Payment returned into Exchequer. Proviso at to Process.

II.

Commissioners to meet and may sever themselves.

Commissioners to rive Notice of Meetings.

m.

Limitation of Present from Peers and Commoners.

. IV.

How long such Commissions to be effectual.

V.

Such Aids not to be without Authority of Parliament, nor to be drawn into Example.

308

13° Car. II. c. 5, 6.

A.D. 1G61

Rot. Parl. 13 C.II. p.i.nu. $.

Recital of tumultuous and disorderly preparing of Petitions.

In what case only Persons may solicit or procure any Petition, &c. for altering Matters established in Church or State.

Number of Persons who may assemble to present Petition to the King and Parliament,

CHAPTER V.

An Act against Tumults and Disorders upon fPtence of pparing or Psendng publick Petic&ns or other Address*

to His Majesty or the Parliament

WHEREAS it hath beene found by sad experience that Tumultuous and other Disorderly sollicking and procuring of Hands by private persons to PetiC&ns Complaints Remonstrances & Declarations and other Addresses to the King or to both or either Houses of Parliament for alterac&n of matters established by Law redresse of ^tended greivances in Church or State or other publique Concernments have beene made use of to serve the ends of Fa&ious & Seditious persons gotten into power to the violation of the publique Peace and have beene a great meanes of the late unhappy Wars Confusions and Calamities in this Nation For pVenting the like mischeife for the future Be it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the consent of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament and by the Authority of the same That no person or persons whatsoever shall from and after the first of August One thousand six hundred sixty* and one solidte labor or procure the getting of Hands or other consent of any persons above the number of twenty or more to any Petic&n Complaint Remonstrance Declara£&n or other [Addresses'] to the King or both or either Houses of Parliament for alteraftn of matters established by Law in Church or State uni esse the matter thereof have beene first consented unto and Ordered by three or more Justices [of*] that County or by the Major part of the Grand Jury of the County or division of the County where the same matter shall arise at theire publique Assizes or Generali Quarter Sessions or if arising in London by the Lord Maior Aldermen and Commons in Common Councell assembled And that no person or persons whatsoever shall repaire to His Majesty or both or either of the Houses of Parliament upon p^tence of presenting or delivering any Petic&n Complaint Remonstrance or Declarac&n or other Addresses accompanied with excessive number of people nor att any one time with above the number of ten persons upon pain of incurring a penalty not exceeding the sum of One hundred pounds in money and three months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize for every offence which offence to be prosecuted at the Court of Kings Bench or att the Assizes or Generali Quarter Sessions within six moneths after the offence committed and proved by two or more credible witnesses.

II.

Proviso for presenting public or private Grievances;

and for Addresses to the King by Parliament.

Provided alwaies That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not be construed to extend to debar or hinder any person or persons not exceeding the number of Ten aforesaid to present any publique or private Greivance or Complaint to any Member or Members of Parliament after his Election and during the continuance of the Parliament or to the Kings Majesty for any remedy to bee thereupon had nor to extend to any Address whatsoever to His Majesty by all or any the Members of both or either Houses of Parliament during the sitting of Parliament but that they may enjoye theire freedome of Accesse to His Majesty as heretofore hath beene used.

Rot. Park 13 C.II. P* I. «ar. 6.

Recital that the Command of the Militia, and of all Forces by Sea and Land, is the undoubted Right of His Majesty;

and that an Act is under Consideration touching the Militia. Militia and Land Forces to be exercised as usual.

II.

Recital that Insurrc£tions have been.

Persons who have acted by Commission of Lieutenancy indemnified.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act declaring the sole Right of the Militia to be in (*) King and for the present ordering & disposing the same.

FORASMUCH as within all His Majesties Realmes and Dominions the sole Supreme Government Command and Disposition of the Militia and of all Forces by Sea and Land and of all Forts and Places of strength is and by the Lawes of England ever was the undoubted Right of His Majesty and His Royall Predecessors Kings & Queenes of England and that both or either of the Houses of Parliament cannot nor ought to pretend to the same nor can nor lawfully may raise or leavy any Warr Offensive or Defensive against His Majesty His Heires or lawfull Successors and yet the contrary thereof hath of late yeares beene pra&ised almost to the Ruine and Destruction of this Kingdome and during the late Usurped Governments many evill and rebellious Principles have beene distilled into the minds of the People of this Kingdome which unlesse ^Vented may breake forth to the disturbance of the Peace and Quiet thereof And whereas an Act is under considera£6n for exercising the Militia with most safety and ease to the King and His People which A & cannot as yet be perfected Be it therefore Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords & Commons assembled in Parliament That the Militia and Land Forces of this Kingdome and of the Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweed now under the power of Leiutennants or their Deputies shall be exercised ordered and managed untill the five & twentieth day of March next ensuing in such manner as the same now is actually exercised ordered and managed according to such Commissions and Instructions as they formerly have or from time to time shall receive from His Majesty

And whereas since the twenty fourth of June One thousand six hundred and sixty there have beene [Inserre&ions4] by occasion whereof diverse of His Majesties good Subjects have beene murdered and for the securing the Peace of the Nation and preventing further disorders diverse persons suspected to be Fanaticks Se&aries or Disturbers of the Peace have beene assaulted arrested detained or imprisoned and diverse Armes have been seized and Houses searched for Armes or suspected persons Bee it therefore further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons whoe have or shall have acted or done any thing in execution of any Commission or Commissions of Leiutenancy issued by the Kings Majesty that nowe is or by colour of them or any of them [or3]

13° Cab. II. c. 6, 7.

309

touching or concerning the same or any of them or relating thereunto shalbe and are hereby saved hnrm^lffjf and undempnified in this behalfe and alsoe all Magistrates Justices of the Peace Officers and Ministers of Justice and all persons that have or shall have acted by or under them or by theire or any of theire Commands since the said twenty fourth day of June One thousand six hundred and sixty untill the twentieth day of July One thousand six hundred sixty and one as to any assaulting arresting detaining or imprisoning any person suspected to be Fanarick Seftary or Disturber of the Peace or seizing of Armes or searching of Houses for Armes or for suspeded persons shall be and are hereby saved harmelesae and indempnified in that behalfe

Provided That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall after the five and twentieth of March next be prqudkiall to any County Citty or place within this Kingdome which are overcharged with Men and Armes beyond theire ancient proportion

Provided That neither this Act nor any matter or thing therein contained shall bee deemed construed or taken to extend to the giving or declaring of any Power for the transporting of any the Subjects of this Realme or any way compelling them to march out of this Kingdome otherwise then by the Lawes of England ought to be done

Provided That no person whatsoever shall be capable of acting as Leiutenant [or Deputy Leiutenant'] or other Officer or Souldier by vertue of this Act who hath not already taken the Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacy since die return of His Majesty into England untill he shall cake the same according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Kingdome Which Oathes the Lords of His Privy Councell or any six of them are hereby impowred to administer to any Peer of this Realm whoe shall be commissionated by vertue of this Act and the Deputy Leiutenants or any two of them in theire respective Counties to any Commoner.

CHAPTER Vn.

An Act for confirming Publique Acts.

TWHEREA8 during the late Difficulties and Exigences of Affaires in the absence of His most Excellent V v Majesty and in reference to his retume from beyond the Seas into these His Majesties Dominions The Lords and Commons being assembled att Wesminster the five and twentieth day of Aprill in the Twelfth yeare of His Majesties Reigne were from thence and after His Majesties retume continued untill the nine and twentieth day of December then next following and now last past and then dissolved by His Majesty In which time severall Acts were passed by His Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the said Lords and Commons assembled as aforesaid which being of necessary use are fitt to be continued & confirmed although the manner of the said assembling enforced by the difficulties and exigencies aforesaid which then lay upon the Nation is not to be drawne into example Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That all & singuler the Acts made or mencbned to be made by His said Majesty by and with the advice or Consent of the Lords and Commons upon or since the said five and twentieth day of Aprill herein after particularly mencbned and expressed That is to say One Act Entituled An Act of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion One other Act Entituled A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported One other Act Entituled An Act for continuing the Exdze untill the twentieth of August One thousand six hundred and sixty One other Act Entituled An Act for continuing the Excise dll the five and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred and sixty One other Act Entituled An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdome both by Land and Sea One other Act Entituled An Act for Confirmac6n of Judiciall Proceedings One other Act Entituled An Act for the speedy disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdome One other Act Entituled An Act for supplying and explaining certaine Defects in an Act Entituled An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdome both by Land and Sea One other Act Entituled An Act to prevent Frauds and Concealments of His Majesties Customes and Subsidies One other Act Entituled An Act for raising seavenscore thousand Pounds for the compleat disbanding of the whole Army and paying off some parte of the Navy One other Act Entituled A Grant of certaine Imposic6ns upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for the increase of His Majesties Revenue during His Life One other Act Entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance and for setting a Revenue upon his Majestie in leiu thereof One other Act Entituled An Act for the better ordering the selling of Wines by Retail and for preventing abuses in the mingling corrupting and vitiating of Wines and for setting and limiting the prices of the same One other Act Entituled An Act for the leavying of the arreares of the Twelve Moneths Assessment comendng the Four and Twentieth of June One thousand six hundred fiftie and nine and the Six Moneths Assessment comendng the Five and Twentieth of December One thousand six hundred fiftie and nine One other Act Entituled An Act for granting unto the Kings Majestie Four Hundred and Twenty Thousand pounds by an Assessment of Threescore and ten thousand pounds by the Moneth for Six Vfoneths for disbanding the Remainder of the Army and paying off the Navy One other Act Entituled An Act

Magistrate*, fee. indemnified in respect of Proceeding* again* Offender*, from 14th June 1660 to 20th July 1661.

in.

Proviso lor Counties, See. overcharged.

IV.

Proviso against compelling Subjecti to go out of the' Kingdom.

V.

Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers, he. to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

kti.PsrLiiC.IL

P■ *• 7*

Recital that Lords and Commons assembled at Westminster acth April 1 s Car. IL and continued until 29th December following, and were then dissolved; and that during the said time divers Acts were passed \ but that such Assembly is not to be drawn into Example.

12 Car. II. c. 11.

c-4-

c.5.

c.8.

c.p.

c. it. c. 15. c. 10. c.19.

C. 20. c. 13. C.2*.

C.25.

c. 26.

c. 27.

c 28.

13° Car. II. c.7,8.

A.D. 1661.

c. 19.

C. 30. c.3s-c. a.

confirmed and declared to hare the full force of Act of Parliament.

for further supplying and explaining certaine Defects in an Act Endtuled An Act for the speedy provision of Money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdome both by Land and Sea One other Act Endtuled An Act for the raising of Seaventy Thousand pounds for the further Supply of His Majesty One other Act Endtuled An Act for the Attainder of several 1 Persons guilty of the horrid Murder of His late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First One other Act Endtuled An Act for erecting and establishing a Post Office One other Act Endtuled An Act for putting in Execu£5n an Ordinance mencbned in this Act and all and every the Clauses Sentences and Articles in them and every of them contained shall be and hereby are ratified and confirmed and enacted and declared to have the full Force and Strength of Acts of Parliament according to the tenor and purport thereof and soe shall be adjudged deemed and taken to all Intents & Purposes whatsoever and as if the same had beene made declared and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament

Rot .Part. 13 C. II. P. I. mt. 8.

Recital of 12 Car. II. c. 24.

$1$.

and that the said Act may prove inconvenient to the King in His Royal Progresses through the Realm.

Clerk or Chief Officer of His Majesty *• Carriages, by Warrant from the Green Cloth, to give Notice for providing Carta, See. for His Majesty’a Uae.

Refuting to furniah His Majesty with necessary Carriagea;

On Proof by Oath of Officer or Two Witneaaea,

Penalty 40a.

II.

Horaea, See. not to travel above a Day's Journey.

Ready Money. Officer taking Gift to spare Persona, &c.

Penalty agio.

CHAPTER VHL

An Act for providing necessary Carriages for His Majestie in His Royal 1 Progresse and Removalls.

WHEREAS by an Act made in Parliament in the Twelfth Yeare of His Majesties Reign Endtuled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in capite and by Knight Service & Purveyance and for setting a Revenue upon His Majesde in lieu thereof It was (amongst other things) Enacted for the reasons and recompence therein expressed That from thenceforth no person or persons by any Warrant Commission or Authority under the Great Seale or otherwise by colour of buying or making provison or purveyance for His Majesty or any Queene of England [[for the time being or of any the Children of any King or Queene of England1] that shall bee or for his theire or any of theire Houshold shall take any Cart Carriage or other thing

whatsoever of any of the Subjects of His Majesty His Heires or Successors without the free and full consent of

the Owner or Owners thereof had and obtained without Menace or enforcement nor shall summon warne fake use or require any the said Subjects to furnish or find any Horses Oxen or other Cattell Cart Ploughs Waynes

or other Carriages for the use of His Majesty His Heires or Successors or of any Queene of England or of any

Childe or Children of any the Kings or Queenes of England for the time being for the carrying the Goods of His Majesty His Heires or Successors or the said Queenes or Children or any of them without such full and free consent as aforesaid Any Lawe Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding Which Act may prove very prejudiciall and inconvenient to the Kings Majesty in His Royall Progresses upon His necessary occasions to severall parts of this Realme in case any person or persons shall obstinately refuse voluntarily to provide sufficient Carriages for Royall service att ordinary and usuall rates for such Carriages as are paid by others of His Subjects in such places contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled That the Clarke or Cheife Officer of His Majesties Carriages shall three dayes att least before His Majesties Arrivall by Warrant from the Greene Cloth give notice in writing to twoe or more of His Majesties Justices of the Peace next adjoyning to provide such a number of Carts and Carriages from the places next adjacent as His Majesty shall have present use of expressing the certainty of that number as alsoe the time and place when and where the said Carts and Carriages are to attend which Carriages shall consist of foure able Horses or six Oxen or foure Oxen and two Horses for each of which Cart or Carriage the respective Owners shall receive six pence for each mile they shall goe laden And that in case any of His Majesties Subjects of this Realme shall refuse to provide and furnish His Majesty that now is or His Queene that shall bee or His or Her Houshold in theire £ Progresse1] or Removals with such sufficient and necessary Carriages for theire Wardrobe and other necessaries for ready moneys tendred to them or shall without just and reasonable cause refuse to make theire appearance with such sufficient Carts and Carriages as are before exprest that thfen upon due proofe and conviction of such neglect and refusall by the Oath of the Constable or other Officer or twoe other credible Witnesses before the said Justices of the Peace of the County or Maior or other Cheife Officer of the City or Corporation where he or they inhabit (which Oath they shall have power to administer) the party soe refuseing shall for such his refusall and neglect forfeit the sume of Forty shillings to the Kings Majesties use to be forthwith leavied by distresse and sale of his Goods and Chattels (rendring to the parties the overplus upon every such sale if there shall be any) by Warrant from the said Justices of the Peace Maior or other Cheiffe Officer

Provided alwaies That no Horses Oxen Cart or Wayn shall be enforced to travell above one dayes journey

from the place where they receive theire Lading and that ready payment shall be made in hand for the said

Carriages att the place of Lading without delay according to the aforesaid Rates And in case any Justice of the

Peace Maior Cheife Officer or Constable shall take any Gift or Reward to spare any person or parsons from making such Carriage or shall injuriously charge or greive any person through envy hatred or evill will whoe ought not to make such Carriage or shall Impresse more Carriages then hee shall be directed from the Green Cloth to do That then upon due proofe and conviction thereof the party soe offending shall forfeit the sum of Ten pounds to the party thereby greived or any other whoe shall sue for the same to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesties Courts of Record wherein no Protection Essoyn or Wager of Law shall be

A.D. 1661.

13° Car. II. c. 8, 9.

311

allowed And in case any person or persons shall presume to take upon him or them to impresse any Horses Oxen Cart Waine or Carriages for his Majesties service other then the person so impowered then he or they soe offending shall upon -due conviction of the said offence incur and suffer the punishment contained in the first recited Act.

And whereas of late in his Majesties Progresses excessive rates and prices have beene exacted from his Majestyes Servants for Lodging Horse meat Stable roome and other accommodations Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That none of his Majesties said Servants shall be compelled to pay above One shilling by the night for every Bed that they shall use for themselves nor above Six pence by the night for every Bed that they shall use for theire Servants And that in all such Houses where any of his Majesties said servants shall pay for theire diett * or for hay and provender for theire Horses convenient lodging shall be provided for themselves and theire Servants without paying any thing for the same

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid that any twoe or more of the Justices of the Peace neere adjoyning to the Roade through which his Majesty is to passe shall imediately after notice in writing from the said Green Cloth and Avenor under theire hands and seales set downe and appoint such reasonable rates and prices to bee paid during his Majesties abode there both for Hay and Oats and other accommodations for Horses as they in theire discretion shall thinke meete which Rates one day att the least before his Majesdes comeing to such place the said Jusdces shall cause to be proclaimed in the Markett Towne next to such place and in such of the Neighbouring Townes and Villages as to them shall seeme meete to the end that nodce may bee taken of such rates and prices And if any person shall take any other sum then what is or shall be soe limited either for Lodging Horse meat Stable roome or other such accommodations and be [therefore1 ] convicted by confession of the party or by the Oath of one credible Witnessbefore any one Justice of the Peace (which Oath the said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to administer) That then in such case every person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the party greived the sum of Forty shillings the same to bee levied by distresse by Warrant from the said Justice of the Peace and sale thereof returning the overplus to the party* (the charge of the distreining being first deduced) This Act to have continuance till the end of the first Session of the next Parliament and no longer

Wrongful charging any Person.

Punishment.

III.

Rates for Lodging for HU Majesty's Servants.

Where Diet paid for, Lodging found.

IV.

Rates and Prices to be set by Two Justices of the Peace.

Rates to be proclaimed.

Taking higher Rates.

Penalty 40s.

Continuance

ofAa.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for the Establishing Articles and Orders for the regulateing and better Government of His Majesties Navies

Ships of Warr & Forces by Sea.

F)R the regulateing and better Government of his Majesties Navies Ships of War and Forces by Sea wherein under the good Providence and prote&ion of God the Wealth Safety and Strength of this Kingdome is soe much concerned Bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliam* assembled and by the Authority thereof That all and every the Articles and Orders in this Act menconed shall be duely and respectively put in Execuc6n observed and obeyed in manner hereafter menc6ned.

1. That all Comanders Captaines and other Officers att Sea shall cause the publique Worshipp of Almighty God according to the Liturgy of the Church of England established by Law to be solemnly orderly and reverently performed in theire respective Ships And that prayers and preachings by the respective Chaplaines in holy Orders of the respective Ships be performed diligently and that the Lords Day be observed according to Law.

2. Every person and persons in his Majesties pay using unlawfull and rash Oathes Cursings Execrations Drunkennes Uncleannes or other Scandalous ACtions in derogation of Gods Honour and corruption of good manners, shall be punished by Fine Imprisonment or otherwise as the Court Martiall shall thinke fitt.

3. If any Officer Mariner Souldier or other person in the Fleet shall give hold or entertaine Intelligence to or with any King Prince or State being Enemy to or any persons in Rebellion against His Majesty His Heires and Successors without direction or leave from the Kings Majesty the Lord High Admirall Vice Admirall or Commander in Cheife of any Squadron every such person & persons so offending shall be punished with death.

4. If any Letter or Message from any King Forreigne Prince State or Potentate being an Enemy to the Kings Majesty His Heires and Successors or on theire behalfe be conveyed to any Inferior Officer Mariner or Souldier or other in the Fleet and the said Officer Mariner Souldier or other as aforesaid doe not within twelve houres haveing opportunity soe to do) acquaint the Superior Commander with it or if a Superior Officer or Mariner being acquainted therewith by an Inferior ^Officer Mariner or other or himselfe in his owne person receiving a Letter or Message from any such Enemy or Rebell and shall not in convenient time reveale the same to the Admirall Vice Admirall or the Commander of the Squadron every such person shall be punished with death or such other punishment as the Court martiall shall thinke fitt.

5. No person or persons of the Fleet shall releive an Enemy or Rebell in time of Warre with money viChials powder shott armes ammunition or any other supplies whatsoever directiy or indirectly upon pain of death or such other punishment as the Court martiall shall thinke fitt to impose.

Rot. Pari, i j C. //. p. 1. iw. 9.

Article* to be observed.

The public Worship of God.

Swearing, Drunkenness, 8cc.

Holding

Intelligence with Foreign States, being Enemies, or with Rebels.

Receiving Letters or Messages from any Foreign Prince, &c. being anEnetny, and not revealing the same.

Punishment.

Relieving an Enemy or Rebel.

Punishment.

* thereof 0.

13° Car. II. c. 9.

2.D 1661.

Paper*, Charter-parties, &c. taken in any Ship seized as Prize, to be preserved.

Punishment.

Taking out of Prize, or Ships or Goods seised for Prize, any Money, &c. before Judgment had. Punishment. Proviso for Pillage. Exception.

Embezzling, &c. Cables, Anchors, &c.

Punishment.

Pillaging, Sec. Captains, &c. of Foreign Ships taken as Prize not making Resistance.

Penalty.

The Duty of Captains, &c. upon Signal of Fight.

Punishment. Yielding, &c. Punishment.

Inferior Officers not observing the Commands of their Superiors.

Punishment.

Officers in time of fight withdrawing or not fighting.

Punishment.

Officers and Ships appointed for Convoy not fighting, or otherwise neglecting Duty.

Penalty.

Not chasing an Enemy, or not relieving a Friend. Punishment.

Discouraging the Service.

Punishment.

6. All the Papers Charter Parties Bills of Lading Pasports and other Writings whatsoever that shall be taken seized or found aboard any Ship or Ships which shall bee surprised or seized as prize shall bee duely preserved and not tome nor made away but the very Originals sent up indrely and without fraud to the Court of Admiralty or such other Commissioners as shall be appointed for that purpose there to be veiwed made use of and proceeded upon according to Law upon pain of losse of all the shares of the Takers and such further punishment to be inflicted upon the Offenders therein as the quality of theire offence and misdemeanor shall be found to deserve and the Court martial] shall impose.

7* None in his Majesties pay shall take out of any Prize or Ship or Goods seized on for Prize any Money Plate Gbods Lading or Tackle before Judgement thereof first past in the Admiralty Court but the full and intire accompt of the whole without imbezlement shall be brought in and Judgement past indrely upon the whole without fraud upon pain of such punishment as shall be imposed by a Court mardall or the Court of Admiralty excepting That it shall be lawfull for all Captaines Seamen Souldiers and others serving as aforesaid to take and to have to themselves as Pillage without further or other account to be given for the same all such Goods and [Merchandize1] (other then Armes Ammunition Tackle Furniture or Stores of such Ship) as shall be found by them or any of them in any Ship (they shall take in fight or prize) upon or above the Gundeck of the said Ship and not otherwise.

8. None shall imbezle steale or take away any Cables Anchors Sailes or any of the Ships Furniture or any of the Powder or Armes or Ammunition of the Ship upon pain of death or other punishment as the quality of the offence shall be found by a Court martiall to deserve.

9. If any foreign Ship or Vessell shall be taken as prize that shall not fight or make resistance that in that case none of the Captaines Masters or Mariners being Foreigners shall be stripped of theire Clothes or in any sort pillaged beaten or evill entreated upon pain That the person or persons soe offending shall forfeit double Damages but the said Foreign Ships and all the Goods soe taken shall be preserved intire to receive Judgement in the Admiralty Court according to Right and Justice.

10. Every Captain or Commander who upon signall or order of fight or view or sight of any Ships of the Enemy Pirate or Rebell or likelihood of Engagement shall not put all things in his Ship in a fitt posture for fight and shall not in his owne person and according to his place hearten and encourage the Inferior Officers and common men to fight couragiously and not to behave themselves faintly shall bee [casheire1] And if he or they shall yeikl to the Enemy Pirate or Rebells or cry for quarter he or they soe doeing shall suffer the paines of death or such other punishment as the offence shall deserve.

11. Every Captaine Commander and other Officer Seaman or Souldier of any Shipp Frigott or Vessell of Wanre shall duly observe the Commands of the Admirall or other his Superior or Commander of any Squadron as well for the assailing or setting upon any Fleete Squadron or Ships of the Enemy Pirate or Rebells or joyning Battel with them or making defence against them as all other the Commands of the Admirall or other his Superior Commander upon pain to suffer death or other punishment as the quality of his neglect or offence shall deserve.

12. Every Captaine and all other Officers Mariners and Souldiers of every Ship Frigott or Vessell of War that shall in time of any fight or engagement withdraw or keepe backe or not come into the fight and engage and do his utmost to take fire kill and endamage the Enemy Pirate or Rebells and assist and releive all and every of His Majesties Ships shall for such offence of cowardice or disaffection be tried and suffer paines of death or other punishment as the circumstances of the offence shall deserve and die Court martiall shall judge fitt.

13. The Captaines Officers and Seamen of all Ships appointed for Convoy and Guard of Merchants Ships or any other shall diligently attend upon that Charge without delay according to theire Instructions in that behalfe and whosoever shall be faulty therein and shall not faithfully perforate the same and defend die Ships and Goods in theire Convey without either diverting to other parts or occasions or refusing or neglecting to fight in theire defence if they be sett upon or assailed or running away cowardly and submitting those in theire Convoy to hazard and perill or shall demand and exact any money or other reward from any Merchant or Master for conveying of any such Ships or other Vessels belonging to His Majesties Subjects shall bee condemned to make reparation of the damage to the Merchants Owners and others as the Court of Admiralty shall adjudge and alsoe be punished criminally according to the quality of theire Offences be it by pains of death or other punishment according as shall be judged fit by the Court martiall.

14. Whatsoever person or persons in or belonging to the Fleete either through cowardize negligence or disaffection shall forbeare to pursue the chase of any Emmy or Pirate or Rebell beaten or flying or shall not releive or assist a known freind in view to the utmost of his power shall be punished with death or otherwise as a Court martiall shall find fitt.

15. When att any time service or action shall be commanded no man shall presume to stopp or put backward or discourage the said service and action by pretence of Arreares of Wages or upon any pretence of Wages whatsoever upon pain of death.

1 Merchandizes O.

* cashiered 0.

A.D. 1661.

13° Car. II. c. 9.

313

16. All Sea-Captaines Officers and Seamen that shall betray theire Trust or tume to the Enemy Pirate or Rebells Officer* betraying

and either run away with theire Shipp or any Ordnance Ammunition or Provision to the weakning of the Service yielding to thT or yeild the same up to the Enemy Pirate or Rebells shall be punished with death. Enemy.

17. All Sea Captains Officers or Mariners that shall desert the Service or theire Imployment in the Ships or shall Deserting,

run away or indce any others soe to doe shall be punished with death. Punishment.

18. All persons whatsoever that shall come or be found iii the nature of Spies to bring any seducing Letters or Spies, messages from any Enemy or Rebell or shall attempt or endeavor to corrupt any Captaine Officer Mariner or other

of the Navy or Fleete to betray his or theire Trust and yeild up any Shipp or Ammunition or turn to the Enemy Punishment, or Rebell shall be punished with death.

19. Noe Person in or belonging to the Fleete shall utter any words of Sedition or Mutiny nor make or endeavour Sedition, Mutiny, to make any mutinous Assemblies upon any pretence whatsoever upon pain of death.

ao. Noe person in or belonging to the Fleet shall conceale any traiterous or mutinous practices designes or Concealing [word *] or any words spoken by any to the prejudice of His Majestie or Government or any words practices or designes nous plaice* tending to the hindrance of the Service but shall forthwith reveale them to his Superior that a meet proceeding or Words, may bee had thereupon upon pain of such punishment as a Court martial 1 shall finde to be just. Punishment.

ai. None shall presume to quarrell with his Superior Officer upon pain of severe punishment nor to strike any Quarrelling with or such upon pain of death or otherwise as a Court martiall shall finde the matter to deserve. Office? * eoPerior

22. If any of the Fleet finde cause of Complaint of the unwholesomnes of his Viduals or upon other just ground Complaint of he shall quietly make the same knowne to his Superior or Captaine or Commander in Cheife as die occasion may deserve that such present remedy may bee had as the matter may require and the said Superior or Commander is to to be made, cause the same to be presendy remedied accordingly but no person upon any such or other pretence shall Exciting privately attempt to sdrr up any disturbance upon pain of such severe punishment as a Court martiall shall finde thereon, meete to inflict. Punishment.

23. None shall quarrell or fight in the Ship nor use reproachful 1 or provokeing speeches tending to make any Quarrelling, Sec. quarrell or disturbance upon paine of Imprisonment and such other punishment as the Offence shall deserve and Punishment, the Court martiall shall impose.

24. That there be [no*] wastfull expence of any Powder Shott Ammunition or other [ores*] in the Fleet nor any Wasteful Expence imbezlement thereof but that the Stores and Provirions be carefully preserved upon such penalties by Fine Imprisonment of Ammumt‘on-or otherwise upon the Offenders Abbetters Buyers and Receivers as shall bee by a Court martiall found just in Punishment, that behalfe.

25. That care be taken in the conducting and steering of the Ships that through wilfiilnes negligence or other defaults none of His Majesties Ships be stranded or run upon any Rocks or Sands or split or hazarded upon pain that such as shall be found guilty therein be punished by Fine imprisonment or otherwise as the Offence by a Court martiall shall be adjudged to deserve.

Neglect in conducing and steering Ships. Punishment.

26. All persons that shall willingly bum or sett fire on any Shipp or Magazine or' [sto*] of Powder or Shipp Boat Ketch Hoy or Vessell or Tackle or Furniture thereto belonging not appertaining to an Enemy or Rebell shall be punished with death.

Burning Ship or Stores. Punishment.

27. No man in or belonging to the Fleet shall sleep upon his Watch or negligently perforate the Duty imposed on bin or forsake his station upon pain of death or other punishment as the circumstances of the Case shall require.

Punishment.

28. All Murders and wilfull killing of any persons in the ship shall be punished with death.

Murders.

29. All Robbery and Theft committed by any person in or belonging to the Fleet shall be punished with death Robbery and Theft, or otherwise as the Court martiall upon conridera£6n of circumstances shall finde meete.

30. No Provost marshall belonging to the Fleet shall refuse to receive or keepe any prisoner comitted to his Provost Marshal charge nor suffer him to escape being once [in*] his custody nor dismisse him without order upon pain of being lyable to the same punishment which should have beene inflicted upon the party dismissed or permitted to <*c*peot PanilhlIiellt. such other punishment as the Court marshall shall thinke fitt.

31. All [Captaines1] Officers and Seamen shall doe theire endeavours to detect apprehend [and*] bring to officers. See. not punishment all Offenders and shall assist the Officers appointed for that purpose therein upon paine to bee proceeded

against and punished by the Court martiall att discretion. Punishment.

32. If any person [or*] persons in or belonging to the Fleet shall commit the unnaturall and detestable sin Sodomy, of Buggery or Sodomy with Man or (*) Beast he shall be punished with death without mercy.

33- All other Faults Misdemeanors and Disorders committed att Sea not mentioned in this Act shall be punished Misdemeanors and according to the Lawes and Customes in such cases used att Sea. Dworden at Sea.

13° Car. II. c. 9,10.

A.D. 1661.

Lord High Admiral may grant Commissions to call Courts Martial.

Proceedings

regulated.

Sentence of Death, for Offences on Voyage, when executed.

Judge Advocate to administer an Oath on Trial;

or Court may appoint a Person to administer Oath.

II.

Proviso touching the Powers of the Lord Admiral.

Rot* Pari* l jC< II. p. l. mu. to.

Unlawful Hunting or killing of Deer.

Penalty £20. Distress.

Want of Distress, Punishment.

Proviso against Double Punishment.

34. And it is hereby further Enacted That the Lord High Admirall for the time being shall by vertue of this Act have full power and authority to grant Commissions to Inferior Vice Admiralls or Commander in Cheife of any Squadron of Ships to call and assemble [Court marshals1 ] consisting of Commanders and Captaines and no Court martiall where the paines of death shall bee inflicted shall consist of lesse then Five Captaines at least the Admiralls Lieutennant to be as to this purpose esteemed as a Captaine and in no case wherein sentence of death shall passe by vertue of the Articles aforesaid or any of them (except in case of mutiny) there shall be execution of such Sentence of Death without the leave of the Lord High Admirall if the offence be committed within the Narrow Seas But in case any of the Offences aforesaid be committed in any Voyage beyond the Narrowe Seas whereupon Sentence of Death shall be given in pursuance of the aforesaid Articles or of any of them then Execution shall not be done but by Order of the Commander in Cheife of that Fleete or Squadron wherein Sentence of Death was passed.

35. And be it further Enacted and Declared That the Judge Advocate of any Fleete for the time being shall have full power and authority to administer an Oath to any person or witnes in order to the Examinacbn or Tryall of any of the Offences aforesaid and in the absence of a Judge Advocate the Court marshall shall have full power and authority to appoint any person to administer an Oath to the purpose aforesaid

[Provided alsoe and bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That this Act or any thing or things therein conteyned shall not in any maimer of wise extend to give unto the Lord Admirall of England for the time being or to any his Vice Admiralls Judge or Judges of the Admiralty his or theire Deputy or Deputies or to any other the Officers or Ministers of the Admiralty or to any others having or claiming any Admirall Power Jurisdiction or Authority within this Realme and Wales or any other the Kings Dominions any other Power Right Jurisdiction Preheminence or Authority then he or they or any of them lawfully have hath or had or ought to have and enjoye before the making of this Act other then for such of the Offences specified in the severall Articles conteyned in this Act as hereafter shall be done upon the main Sea or in Ships or Vessells being and hovering in the maine Streame of great Rivers onely beneath the Bridges of the same Rivers nigh to the Sea within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty and in none other places whatsoever and comitted only by such persons as shall be in actuall Service and Pay in his Majesties Fleete or Ships of War.*]

CHAPTER X.

An Act to prevent the unlawfull Coursing Hurting or Killing of Deere.

FOR the better preventing of the unlawfull coursing hurting takeing or killing of Deere by many idle loose and disorderly Persons Be it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie and by the advice and consent of Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That if any person or persons shall from and after the First day of August next unlawfully course kill hurt or take away any Red or Fallowe Deere in any Forrest Chase Purliew Paddock Wood Park or other Ground where Deere are or have beene usually kept within the Realm of England or Dominion of Wales without the consent of the Owner or person cheifly intrusted with the custody thereof or shall be aiding or assisting therein and shall be convicted thereof by the confession of the party or by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses before one or more Justices of the Peace (whoe are hereby impowered to administer an Oath to that purpose) such person being prosecuted for such Offence toithin six monthes after such offence done that then every person soe offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of Twenty pounds to be leavyed by way of Distresse upon the Goods and Chattells of every such Offender by Warrant under the Justices hand before whom such conviction shall be made the one moyetie of the said Twenty pounds to be given to the Informer and the other moyety to the Owner of the Deere and for want of sufficient Distresse the Offender shall be committed to the House of Correction for six monthes and there to be put to hard labor or to the comon Gaol for one whole yeare without Baile or Mainprize at the discretion of the [Justices3;] of Peace before whom such conviction shall be (and not to be discharged from thence till he or they have given sufficient Sureties for theire good behavior for one whole yeare next ensueing after his or theire inlargement) Provided that where any Offender shall. be punished by force of this Act that he shall not be prosecuted nor incur the Penalty of any other Law or Statute for the same Offence

1 Courts Martiall 0.

9 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* Justice O.

A.D. 1661.

13° Car. II. c. 11,12

315

CHAPTER XI.

An Act for Confirming of three Acts therein mentioned

BEE tt enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the severall AGts herein after mentioned made or mentioned to be made upon or since the (') twenty fifth day of April! in the Twelfth yeare of His said Majesties Reigne by His said Majesty by and with the advice or consent of the Lords and Commons assembled att Westminster upon the said twenty fifth of April and there continued untill the twenty ninth day of December then next following and then dissolved Which said Acts are herein after particularly menc&ned and expressed by the severall and respective Titles following That is to say One Ad Entituled An Act for the raising of Seaventy thousand pounds for the further Supply of His Majesty And one other Act Entituled An Act for Confirmation of Marriages. And one other Act Entituled An Act for a perpetuall Anniversary Thanksgiving on the twenty ninth day of May and all and every the Clauses Sentences and Articles in them and every of them conteyned shall be and hereby are ratified and confirmed and enacted and declared to have the full force and strength of Acts of Parliament according to the tenor and purport thereof and soe shall be adjudged deemed and taken to all intents and purposes whatsoever and as if the same had beene made declared and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament.

Psri. I j C. //.

/. I. Mk II.

is Car. II. c.ap.

*•33-

c* *4-

coo farmed and declared to have the full force of Acts of Parliament.

CHAPTER XU.

An Act for Explanation of a Clause contained in (*) Act of Parliament made in the seventeenth yeare of the late King Charles Entituled An Act for Repeal of a Branch of a Statute Primo Elizabethe concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiasticall.

Tff WHEREAS in an Act of Parliament made in the seaventeenth yeare of the late King Charles Entituled An T ▼ Act for Repeal of a Branch of a Statute Primo Elizabethe concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiasticall it is amongst other things Enacted That no Archbishop Bishop nor Vicar Generali nor any Chancellor nor Commissary of any Archbishop Bishop or Vicar Generali nor any Ordinary whatsoever nor any other Spirituall or Ecclesiasticall Judge Officer or Minister of Justice nor any other person or persons whatsoever exerciseing Spirituall or Ecclesiasticall Power Authority or Jurisdiction by any Grant Licence or Commission of the Kings Majestie His Heires or Successors or by any Power or Authorise derived from the King His Heires or Successors or otherwise (shall from and after the first day of August which then should be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred forty one) award impose or inflid any Pain Penalty Fine Amercement Imprisonment or other corporall punishment upon any [of* J the Kings Subjects for any contempt misdemeanor crime offence matter or thing whatsoever belonging to Spirituall or Ecclesiasdcall Cognizance or Jurisdiction whereupon some doubt hath beene made that all ordinary power of Coertion and Proceedingf in Causes Ecclesiasticall were taken away whereby the ordinary course of Justice in Causes Ecclesiasdcall hath been obstructed Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority thereof That neither the said Act nor any thing therein contained doth or shall take away any ordinary Power or Authority from any of the said Archbishops Bishops or any other person or persons named as aforesaid but that they and every of them exercising Ecclesiasdcall Jurisdiction may proceed determine sentence execute and exercise all manner of Ecclesiasdcall Jurisdiction and all Censures and Coerdons apperteyning and belonging to the same before the makeing of the Ad before recited in all causes and matters belonging to Ecclesiasticall Jurisdiction according to the Kings Majesdes Ecclesiasdcall Lawes used and pradised in this Realme in as ample manner and forme as they did and might lawfully have done before the makeing of the said Act.

And be it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That the afore recited Act of Decimo sepdmo Caroli and all the matters and Clauses therein conteined (excepting what concernes the High Commission Court [or the new erection of some such like Court by Commission 3J) shall be and is hereby repealed to all intents and purposes whatsoever Any thing clause or sentence in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and it is hereby Enacted That neither this Act nor any thing herein contained shall extend or be construed to revive or give force to the said Branch of the said Statute made in the said first yeare of the Reigne of the said late Queen Elizabeth mentioned in the said Act of Parliament made in the said seaventeenth yeare of the Reigne of the said King Charles but that the said Branch of the said Statute made in the said first yeare of the Reigne of the said Queene Elizabeth shall stand and be repealed in such sort as if this Act had never beene made

Provided alsoe and it is hereby further Enacted That it shall not be lawfull for any Archbishop Bishop Vicar Generali Chancellor Commissary or any other Spirituall or Ecclesiasticall Judge Officer or Minister or any other person having or exercising Spirituall or Ecclesiasticall Jurisdiction to tender or administer unto any person whatsoever

Rt.Parl. IJC.IL p. I. M. IS.

17 (i6)C. I. c. II. recited* as repealing 1 Elis. c. i. f 18.

The said Act not to take away ordinary Power from Archbishops, fee. in Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

II.

17 (16) C. I. c. 11. repealed except as to High Commission Court.

HI.

This Act not to give force to 1 Eliz. c. 1. 18.

IV.

Proviso touching the Oath Ex Officio.

13° Car. II. c. 12—14

A.D. 166\.

the Oath usually called the Oath Ex Officio or any other Oath whereby such person to whom the same is tendred or administred may be charged or compelled to confesse or accuse or to purge him or her selfe of any criminal) matter or thing whereby he or she may be lyable to any censure or punishment Any thing in this Statute or any other Law Custome or Usage heretofore to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V.

Thi* Act not to

five any other urisdiftion to Archbishops, &c. than they had before 1639 1 nor to abridge the King's Supremacy; nor to confirm the Canons of 1640*

[Provided alwaies that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to give unto any Archbishopp Bishop or any other Spirituall or Ecclesiasdcall Judge Officer or other person or persons aforesaid any power or authority to exercise execute inflid 01 determine any Ecclesiasdcall Jurisdiction Censure or Coertion which they might not by Lawe have done before the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and thirty nine nor to abridge or diminish the Kings Majesties Supremacy in Ecclesiasdcall matters and affaires nor to confirm the Canons made in the yeare One thousand six hundred and forty nor any of them nor any other Ecclesiasdcall Lawes or Canons not formerly confirmed allowed or enacted by Parliament or by the established Lawes of the Land as they stood in the yeare of the Lord One thousand six hundred thirty and nm*■]

CHAPTER Xffl.

R0t.ParL1sC.il. p. 1. mi. 13.

All Monies owing upon Excise by any Laws or Ordinances vested in His Majesty,

who may recover the same from all Personsaccountable.

33H.VIILc.39.

*5°-

An Act for vesting the Arreares of the Excise and New Impost in His Majesty

BEE it Declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament and by the authority thereof That all and every sum and sums of money any wayes due or owing from or by any person or persons whatsoever for or touching the Imposition or Duty called the Excise heretofore imposed and made payable upon Beere Ale or any other Comodides by any Lawes or pretended Lawes or Ordinances and all Debts therefore owing whether by Obligadon or upon Accompt from Farmers of Excise or any other person or persons whatsoever or any of theire Securities and not pardoned by His Majesties most Gratious Ad of Pardon and Oblivion be and are hereby vested and setled in the Kings MajestieHis Heires and Successors And that his sacred Majesty his Heires and Successors [may *] from time to time and att all times hereafter have demand sue for and recover the same of all and every person and persons theire Heires Executors and Administrators having assetts whoe are any way accountable for the same or any part thereof and from his and theire respective Sureties and Secureties as if the same Duties of Excise or New Impost had beene lawfall assessed imposed and collected and as if the severall pretended Acts Orders and Ordinances assessing and imposing the same had beene good true legall and effectual 1 Acts of Parliament and had in expresse words given and granted all and every the said Duties of Excise or new Impost unto His Majesty and as if the Obliga£5ns and Recognizances entred into by the respective Sureties & Securities had att the time of entring into the same beene taken in His Majesties Name according to the forme prescribed in the Statute made in the three and thirtieth yeare of the Reigne of King Henry the Eight

II.

Proviso for Allowances.

IS Car. II. c. 11.

Provided alwaies That all and every person and persons accomptable by vertue of this Act shall have all such due allowance in his or theire accompts as all such persons whose accompts are excepted in an Act entituled An Act of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion have or ought to have

in.

Limitation of Suit.

Provided alwaies That no person shall be questioned or molested for any of the Duties herein or hereby vested in His Majesty unlesse he shall be sued or prosecuted with effect before the five and twentieth day of December which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty two.

IV.

Persona accountable may levy and recover Arrears.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all persons accomptable to His Majesty by this Act shall have power and authority and are hereby enabled to sue for levy and recover from any person or persons whoe doe stand indebted unto them in any sum of money for the Duty or Impost of Excise for which they are hereby accomptable all sums of money and Arreares unsatisfied in as full and ample manner and fonn as they might have received and levied the same when they first grewe due.

CHAPTER XIV.

Rot. Parl. 13 C.II.

p. I. MU. I4.

An Act for Confirming an Act Entituled An Act for encouraging and encreasing of Shipping & Navigation and severall other Acts both publique and private mentioned therein.

Recital that during the Troubles the Lords and Commons were assembled, and several Acts were passed of necessary

WHEREAS during the late difficulties & exigencies of affaires in the absence of IBs most Excellent Majesde and in reference to His return from beyond the Seas into these His Majesties Dominions The Lords and Commons being assembled att Westminster the five and twentieth day of Aprill in the twelfth yeare of His Majesties Reigne were from thence and after his Majesties returne continued untill the nine and twentieth day of December then next following and now last past and then dissolved by his Majesde In which time several! Acts were passed by his Majesty by and with the advice & consent of the [said*] Lords and Commons assembled as aforesaid which being of necessary use are fitt to be continued and confirmed although the manner of the said assembling enforced by the difficulties and exigencies aforesaid which then lay upon the Nation is not to bee

A.D. 1661.

13° Car. II. c. 14,15.

317

drawne into example Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and

consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That

all and singuler the Acts made or men£5ned to be made by his said Majesty by and with the advice or [consents1]]

of the Lords and Commons upon or since the said five and twentieth day of Aprill herein after particularly

men&ned and expressed (that is to say) One Ad Entituled An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of 12 Car. II. c. 18.

Shipping and Navigation One other Act Entituled An Act for Prohibiting the Exportation of Wool Wool Fells c.ja.

Fullers Earth or any kind of Scouring Earth One other Act Entituled An Act impowring the Master of the Rolls c. 36.

for the time being to make Leases for yeares in order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls One other Act Entituled An Act for prohibiting the planting setting or sowing of Tobacco in England and Ireland One c.34. other Act Entituled An Act for restraining the takeing of excessive Usury One other Act Entituled An Act for c. 13. the present nominating of Commissioners of Sewers One other Act Entituled An Act for the Incorporating of the c. 6.

Master and Wardens of the Company of Haberdashers London to be Governors of the Free Schoole & Aimes 12Car.11. pr.

houses in Newport in the County of Salop of the Foundation of William Adams and for setling of Lands and tnteP a53-

Possessions on them for maintenance thereof and other charitable uses. And all and every the Clauses Sentences confirmed and

and Articles in them and every of them contained shall be and [are hereby ratified*] and confirmed and enacted

and declared to have the full force and strength of Acts of Parliament according to the tenor and purport thereof Aftt of Parliament.

and soe shall be adjudged deemed and taken to all intents and purposes whatsoever and as if the same had beene

made declared and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act declaring the Paines Penalties and Forfeitures imposed upon the Estates and Persons of certaine notorious R*- Pari 13 C. II. Offenders excepted out of the Act of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion. pi- nm. 15-

WHEREAS in a certaine Act passed in the late Assembly held att Westminster in the twelfth yeare of His Majesties Reigne and confirmed by the Authority of this present Parliament Entituled An Act of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion (amongst other things) it is provided that nothing therein conteyned should extend to discharge the Lands Tenements Goods Chattels Rights Trusts and other the Hereditaments late of Isaac Ewre deceased Sir John Danvers deceased Sir Thomas Maleverer Baronett deceased William Purefey deceased John Blakiston deceased Sir William Constable Baronett deceased Richard Deane deceased Francis Aleyn deceased Peregrin Pelham deceased John Moore deceased John Aldred alias Alured deceased Humphrey Edwards deceased Sir Gregory Norton Baronet deceased John Venn deceased Thomas Andrewes Alderman deceased Anthony Stapley deceased Thomas Horton deceased John Fry deceased Thomas Hammond deceased and Sir John Bourchier deceased of and from such paines penalties and forfeitures as by one other A & of Parliament intended to bee afterwards passed for that purpose should be expressed and declared All which persons before mentioned were whilst they lived notoriously knowne to have beene wicked and active Instruments in the prosecution and compassing of that horrid and Execrable Treason the Murder of our late Soveraigne Lord King Charles the first of ever blessed memory And whereas William Lord Mounson James Challoner Sir Henry Mildmay Sir James Harrington John Phelps and Robert Wallop who in the month of January One thousand six hundred forty and eight did act and sit in that traiterous Assembly which proceeded against the Person and Life of our said late Soveraigne (*) King Charles the First and Sir Arthur Haslerig who in his life [time4] did commit many horrid and traiterous Crimes against the Person Crown and Dignity of his late Majestie of glorious memory and his Majesty that now is are all of them excepted out of the said Act and reserved to future Paines Penalties and Forfeitures not extending to life since the passing of which Ad so as aforesaid confirmed Sir Arthur Haslerig and [James4] Challoner died and no Ad hath yet passed for the infliding of due Paines Penalties and Forfeitures upon the persons and Estates of the Offenders aforesaid Wee therefore the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled doe beseech your Majestie that it may be Enacted And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authority of the same That all and every the Mannors Messuages Lands Tenements Rents Reversions Remainders Possessions Rights Conditions Interests Offices Fees Annuities and all other the Hereditaments Leases for yeares Chattels Reall and other things of what nature soever they be of them the said Isaac Ewer Sir John Danvers Sir Thomas Maleverer William Purefoy John Blakiston Sir William Constable Richard Deane Francis Aleyn Peregrin Pelham John Moore John Aldred alias Alured Humphrey Edwards Sir Gregory Norton John Venn Thomas Andrewes Anthony Stapley Thomas Horton John Fry Thomas Hammond Sir John Bourchier William Lord Mounson James Challoner Sir

Henry Mildmay Sir James Harrington John Phelps Robert Wallop and Sir Arthur Haslerig which they or any of

them or any other person or persons to theire or any of theire uses or in trust for them or any of them had

the five and twentieth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty and six or att

any time since shall stand and be forfeited unto your Majesty your Heires and Successors and shall bee deemed vested and adjudged to be in the a&uall and reall possession of Your Majestie without any Office or Inquisi£5n thereof hereafter to be taken or found And alsoe that all and every the Goods Debts and other the Chattels peraonall whatsoever of them the said Isaac Ewer Sir John Danvers Sir Thomas Maleverer William Purefoy John

12C. II. C.II. recited.

Recital that no Act. haa been patted ioflifting Penalties on Lord Mounton and other*.

The Manors, Lands, Scc. of the said Lord Mounton and others.

of which they were seized the 20th March 1646, or since, forfeited and vetted in Hit Mtjctxi and the personal Estate of which some of them were possessed at the time of their Death;

1 Content 0.

• hereby are 0.

3 Lord 0.

4 interlined on the Roll.

4m

L

13" Cab. II. c. 15.

A.I).1661.

tnd of which others of them were possessed on nth Feb. 1659; forfeited, and vested in His Majesty.

II.

Proviso for Conveyances and Assurances, 8cc. made bona fide since lit Jan. 1641, and before 29th Sept. i6j9i

and for Conveyances and Assurances made before 25th April 1660;

so as they be enrolled in the Exchequer before 1st Jan. 1662.

III. William Lord Mounson, Sir Henry Mildmay, Sir James Harrington, Robert Wallop, and John Phelps, degraded.

IV.

William Mounson, Henry Mildmay, James Harrington, Robert Wallop, and John Phelps, to be drawn to Tyburn, as Persons executed for Treason, and back, and then imprisoned.

V.

Proviso for Executors of the said Persons and Legacies.

VI.

Proviso for Sir William Lewis as to East Mean Park, &c. in the County of Southampton.

Blakiston Sir William Constable Richard Deane Francis Aleyn Peregrin Pelham John Moore John Aldred alba Alured Humphrey Edwards Sir Gregory Norton John Venn Thomas Andrewes Anthony Stapley Thomas Horton John Fry Thomas Hammond Sir John Bourchier James C.halloner and Sir Arthur Haslerigg whereof they or any of them att the time of theire respective deaths or any other in Trust for them or any of them stood possessed or interested in Law or Equity and all the Goods Debts and other the Chattels personal 1 whatsoever of than the said William Lord Mounson Sir Henry Mildmay Sir James Harrington John Phelps Robert Wallop whereof upon the eleventh day of February in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred fifty and nine they or any of them or any other in trust for them or any of them stood possessed either in Law or Equitie shall bee deemed and adjudged to be forfeited and are hereby vested and put into the actuall and reall possession of your Majesty without any further Office or Inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or found

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Conveyance Assurance Grant Bargain Sale Chaige Lease Assignement of Lease Grants and Surrenders by Copy of Court Roll Estate Interest Trust or Limitation of any use or uses of or out of any Mannors Lands Tenements or Hereditaments [not being the Lands nor Hereditaments'] of the late King Queene or Prince or of any Archbishops Bishops Deanes Deanes and Chapters nor being Lands or Hereditaments sold or given for the delinquency or pretended delinquency of any person or persons whatsoever by vertue or pretext of some Act Order Ordinance or reputed Act Order or Ordinance since the first day of January One thousand six hundred forty and one nor any Statute Judgement or Recognizance had made acknowledged or suffered to any person or persons Bodies Politick or Corporate before the nine and twentieth day of September One thousand six hundred fifty and nine by any of the Offenders before in this Act mentioned or theire Heires or by any other person or persons claiming by from or under them or any of them other then [the1] Wife or Wives Child or Children Heire or Heires of such person or persons or any of them for money bona fide to them or any of them paid or lent or other valuable considera£6n nor any Conveyance Assurance Grant or Estate made before the five and twentieth day of Aprill One thousand six hundred and sixty by any person or persons to any of the Offenders aforesaid in trust and for the benefit of any other person or persons not being any of the offenders aforesaid or in Trust for any Bodies Politique or Corporate shall be impeached defeated made voide or frustrated hereby or by any of the Convictions and Attainders aforesaid but that the same shall be held and enjoyed by the Purchasers Grantees Leasees Assignes Cestuy que use Cestuy que trust and every of them theire Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes respectively as If this Act had not beene made soe as the said Conveyances and all and every the Grants and Assurances which by vertue of this Act are and ought to be held and enjoyed as aforesaid shall before the first day of January which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two be entred and enrolled of Record in his Majesties Court of Exchequer and not otherwise Any thing in this Act herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid Thai William Lord Mounson Sir Henry Mildmay Sir James Harrington Robert Wallop Esquire and John Phelps and every of them shall be and are hereby degraded from and made uncapable of all and every the Titles of Honour Dignities and Preheminencies which they or any of them now have or which at any time hereafter may descend unto them And that neither they or any of them shall att any time hereafter have beare or use the Name Stile Addition or Title of Lord Baronett Knight Esquire or Gentleman or any of them nor shall use or have any Coates or Escutcheons of Annes whatsoever nor any other legall Title or addition whatsoever but shall be for ever reputed and are hereby declared to bee Persons of Dishonour and Infamy

And further that they the said William Mounson Henry Mildmay ° James Harrington Robert Wallop and John Phelps and every of them shall upon the seaven and twentieth day of January which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty one or so soon after as they shall be apprehended carried to the Tower of London and from thence drawne upon Sledges with Ropes about theire necks and according to the manner of persons executed for High Treason quite through the streets of London unto the Gallows att Tibum and from thence in like manner be brought back again to the Tower of London and [theire*] or in such other Prison as his Majesty shall thinke fitt continue Prisoners and suffer paines of Imprisonment for and during the term of theire naturall lives

Provided alwaies That no Executor or Administrator to any of the dead persons whose Estate is forfeited by this Act shall att any time hereafter be sued or molested for any Debt or Legacy by them paid as Executor or Administrator to any person or persons to whom the same was due or bequeathed and was by the said Executor or Administrator paid bona fide but the respective Legatees who have received any such Legacies from the said Executors shall be accomptable to the Kings Majestie for all such Legacies as they have respectively received and shall pay the same to the Kings most Excellent Majesty

Provided alwaies That nothing in this Act shall be construed to forfeit the Term Estate or Interest which Sir William Lewes of Borden in the County of Southampton Baronett had or hath in the custody of the Parke called East Mean Parke in the aforesaid County and in the game of Conies therein for the term of three yeares to come from our Lady day last being the remaining yeares of a greater terme (he the said Sir William [having1]

1 interlined on the Roll.

• there O.

A.D. 166l.

13° Car. II. c. 15.

319

beene formerly possessed thereof} by an Assignment made by John Allen Executor of the said Francis Allen the which said Parke and Premisses being part of the Possessions of the Bishop of Winchester the said Sir William Lewes hath surrendred unto the said Bishop and hath now taken a new Lease thereof for three lives from the Bishop of Winchester the which said Lease for three lives so made by the said Bishop unto the said Sir William Lewes shall for and [and1]] notwithstanding this Act or any thing therein contained remain firm and good unto the said Sir William Lewes according to the true meaning of [the*] said Lease Saving alwaies to all and every person and persons Bodies Politique and others theire respective Heires Successors Executors and Administrators all such Estate Right and Title and Interest in Law and Equity which they or any of them have or ought to have of in to or out of any of the Premisses not being in Trust for any the said Offenders nor derived by from or under the said offenders since the five and twentieth day of March one thousand six hundred forty six Saving alwaies and reserving to Cuthbert Collingwood Esquire and George Coilingwood Gen? his Son theire and either of theire Heires and Assignes and the Farmers and Tennants of the said Cuthbert and George Collingwood or either of them and of theire Heires and Assignes all such Right Title of Entry and Action Use Interest and Possession which they or any of them or any in trust for them or any of them have or had or ought to have of in to or out of the Manours Towneships Villages Hamblets and Precincts of Eslington Whittingham Barton Throunton Fawden Keynton West Brunton East Brunton Dunnington Blakedon alias Blagdon and Wetslade or any of them in the Countie of Northumberland and of in to or out of the Lands Tenements Hereditamu Rights Members and Appurtenances to them or any them belonging or appertaining as if this Act? had never beene made

Geoeral 8aviag.

Promo forCuthbert Collingwood and George Collingwood in raped of the Manors of Barton, See. in the County of Northumberland.

Provided alsoe That this AC? nor any thing herein contained shall extend to prejudice the Estate and Interest in Law or Equity of Rachel Powre Widdow of in and to one Copyhold Messuage and Mill thereunto belonging with theire Appurtenances scituate lying and being in Chepmansford in the County of Southampton being parcell of the Mannour of Husband Priors which by Order and Decree of the High Court of Chancery of the one and twentieth of June one thousand six hundred sixty one she is to be forthwith restored unto and put in to possession of and to quietly hold and enjoye the same during her Widowhood with the meane profits thereof taken by the said Mr. Wallop But that it shall and may be lawfoU to and for the said Rachel Powre to hold and enjoye the same according to the said Decree

VII.

Proroo for Rachael Powre as to a Copyhold in Chepmansford in the County of Southampton.

Provided alwaies and it is hereby further Enacted That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for Barrington Bourchier Esquire Son and Heire of Sir John Bourchier herein before mentioned to hold and enjoye all and singuler the Lands Tenements and Hereditaments to him lately granted and conveyed or menc&ned to be granted and conveyed in and by certaine Letters Patents under the Great Seale of England bearing date the two and twentieth day of March in the thirteenth yeare of His Majesties Reigne against His Majesty His Hare and Successors for ever according to the foil intent and meaning of the said Letters Patents Any thing in this present Act contained to die contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

VIII. Proviso for Barrington Bourchier as to Lands granted by Letters Patent sad March,

13 Car. II.

ITEM quedam petiebnes privatas personas concementes (in se formam actus continentes) exhibite foerunt p>dido Domino

Regi Parliamento predido quaj* tituli subscribuntur

i. An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Fees of the Masters of the Chancery in ordinary.

2. An Act for confirming a sale made by Sir Thomas Prestwich and others of the Manour of Holm and certaine I .and, in the Parish of Manchester in the County of Lancaster unto Sir Edward Mosley Baronet.

4. An Act for restoring of Thomas Radcliffe Esqs to all his Lands and possessions in England and Ireland.

5. An Act enabling John Harbin Esqs to setle sell and dispose of severall Manours Messuages Lands Tenements and Hereditaments with th’appurtenances in the County of Somersett and Dorsett therein men£6ned for payment of his debts and to make provision for his younger children

6. An Act to enable the sale of some of the Lands of Thomas Hunt Esq> & John Hunt Gen? for payment of theire debts.

7. An Act for setting the Manours of Knoll Seale and Kempsing in the County of Kent upon the Earle of Dorsett and his heires & charging the Manour of Bexhill and the Manour or Farm of Cowding and other Lands in the County of Sussex with a rent charge of one hundred and thirty pounds per annu in leiu thereof

8. An Act for confirma£6n of the Charter & priviledges of the Master Wardens & Comonalty of Weavers Fullers and Clothiers in the City of Worcester

1 0. omits.

* his 0.

320

13° Car. II.

A.D. 1661.

9* An Act for setting severall Lands late of Sir Edward Baesh Knight upon Sir Ralph Baesh Knight of the Bath heir of the said Sir Edward and his heires

10. An Act for confinna£6n & explana&m of an Act for the setting of some of the Manoura & Lands of the Earle of Cleaveland in trustees to be sold for the satisfying of the debts of the said Earle and of Thomas Lord Wentworth his sonne

11. An Act for the uniting the Parsonages of S1 Andrewes and S* Mary Witton in Droitwich in the County of Worcester.

is. An Act to enable John Lord Abergavenny son and heire of Henry late Lord Abergavenny to sell certaine Lands for payment of his debts and preferment of his brother and sisters.

13. An Act for the naturalizing of Francis Brudenell Esq* son and heire apparent of the Right Honorable Robert Lord Brudenell and of the Right Honourable Anna Maria Countesse of Shrewsbury daughter of the said Lord Brudenell and now wife of the Right Honourable Francis Earle of Shrewsbury

14. An Act for the reviving a sedement of certaine lands on John Orlibeare for life the remainder to the sons of the said John successively and the heires males of theire bodies See

15. An Act for confirming and continuing an Act for necessary maintenance of the worke of drayning the Great Levell of the Fenns.

16. An Act for confirming of an Inclosure of land formerly used for a Comon high way from Parsons Greene to Southfeild in Fulham and the setling of other land for a comon high way there in leiu thereof

17. An Act enabling trustees to sell certaine Lands & Tenements in the Counties of Suffolk and Noriolke for ye payment of the debts of Richard Gipps Esquire and providing portions for his younger children.

( 321

Anno 13° CARO LI, II. A.D. 1661.

Stat. a. (*)

STATUTES MADE IN THE SE8SION OF PARLIAMENT Begun to be holdbn at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second,

And after Adjournment To the Twentieth Day of November then next following, Continued until the Twentieth Day of December in the same Year.

€x J&otulo |&arltamentt He anno ftegnt J&egfg Caroli decuntt Deefmo tertfo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoate et tento apud Westmonasterium Odavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenissimi et Excellentissiini Dili nfi Caroli Secundi Dei Gratia Anglie Scotie Fran? et Hifenie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Dedmo tertio et post adjournamentu ad Vicesimu Diem Novembris tunc pxime sequen continual usq> ad Vicessimum Diem Decembris in eodem Anno Comuni omniu Dnop tarn Spiritualium quam Temporaliu et Cftltatis Consensu et Regie Majestads Assensu sancita ina&itata et stabilita fuerunt sequent# Statuta ad verbum ut sequitur vidft.

Publique Acts.

CHAPTER I.

An Act for the well Governing and Regulating of Corporations

WHEREAS questions are likely to arise concerning the validity of Elections of Magistrates and other Officers ▼ T and Members in Corporations as well in respect of removing some as placing others during the late troubles contrary to the true intent and meaning of theire Charters and Liberties And to the end that the succession in such Corporations may be most probably perpetuated in the hands of persons well affected to His Majesty and the established Government it being to well knowne that notwithstanding all His Majesties endeavors and unparaleld Indulgence in pardoning all that is past neverthelesse many evill spirits are still working Wherefore for prevention of the like mischeife for the time to come and for preservation of the Publique Peace both in Church and State Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons assembled in Parliament and by the Authoritie of the same That Commissions shall before the twentieth day of February next be issued forth under the Great Seale of England unto such persons as His Majestie shall appoint for the executing [of1] the Powers and Authorities herein after expressed And that all and every the persons to be named Commissioners in the said Commissions respectively shall by vertue of this Act be Commissioners respectively for and within the severall Cities Corporations and Burroughs and Cinque Ports and theire Members and other Port Townes within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweed for which they shall be respectively nominated and appointed

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That no Charter of any Corporation Gties Townes Burroughs Cinque Ports and theire Members and other Port Townes in England or Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweed shall at any time hereafter be avoided for or by reason of any ad or thing done or omitted to be done before the First day of this present Parliament

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all persons who upon the Foure and twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty and one shall be Maiors Aldermen Recorders Bailifies Towne-Clerks Common Councel men and other persons then bearing any Office or Offices of Magistracy or Places or Trusts or

1 The whole of the Public Acts of 13 Car. II. are contained in one Bundle at the Parliament Office, and are numbered in succession; but in the " Long Calendar9* at that Office those which here follow are distinguished as having been passed at the " Second Meeting " in that Year, which, as appears by the Title of the Second Part of the Rolls containing the Acts of such Second Meeting, was from the 20th Day of November to the 20th Day of December next following after " Adjournment,99 and not after " Prorogation99, and they cannot therefore, correctly, be stated as having passed in a Second Session; and the Publie Acts of 13 Car. II. are intituled "Stat. 1." " Stat. 2." to prevent confusion in reference from the private Editions, and in conformity to the ancient method of making up the Statute Roll,

* interlined on the Roll.

Rti* Pari 13 C. It.

p, 1. nu. i.

Recital that Questions are likely to arise concerning Elections in Corporations.

Commissions to issue for England, Wales, and Berwick.

II.

Proviso for Corporation Charters.

111.

Mayors, dec. before aytn March 1 £$3,

4 N

13° Car,. II. Stat. 2. c. 1.

A.D. 1661.

to take the Oaths Of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Oath following;

and subscribe the following Declaration.

IV.

Those who refuse to be remored,

and Offices void.

V.

Commissioners may remove Persons, though they have taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declaration.

VI.

Commissioners may restore any Magistrate unduly removed.

Such Persons taking the Oaths and subscribing the Declaration.

VII. Commissioners empowered to give the Oaths, &c.

Who shall give the Oaths and Declaration after the Commissions are determined.

VJII.

The Commissioners to cause Entries of Oaths taken;

and deliver them to the Town Clerks, &c. to be entered in Books.

IX.

None to be elected to the Offices aforesaid, unless he shall have received the Sacrament within a Year;

other Imployment relating to or concerning the Government of the said respective Cities Corporations and Burroughs and Cinque Ports and theire Members and other Port Towns shall at any time before the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred sixde and three when they shall be thereunto required by the said respective Commissioners or any three or more of them take the Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacy and this Oath following.

I A.B. do declare and beleive That it is not lawfull upon any pretence whatsoever to take Arms against the King and that I do abhor that Traiterous Position of taking Arms by His Authority against His Person or against those that are cdmissioned by Him So helpe me God.

And alsoe att the same time shall publiquely subscribe before the said Commissioners or any Three of them this following Declaration.

I A.B. do declare That I hold that there lyes no Obligation upon me or any other person from the Oath commonly

called The Solemn League and Covenant and that the same was in it selfe an unlawfull Oath and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realm against the knowne Laws and Liberties of the Kingdome.

And that all such of the said Maiors and other the persons aforesaid by whom the said Oaths are to be taken and Declaration subscribed as aforesaid who shall refuse to take and subscribe the same within the time and in manner aforesaid shall from and imediately after such refiisall be by Authority of this Act (ipso fado) removed and displaced of and from the said Offices and Places [respectively & the said Offices & Places 'J from and imediately after such refusall shall be and are hereby declared and adjudged to be void to all intents and purposes as if the said respective persons so refusing were naturally dead

And neverthelesse Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Commissioners or any Five or more of ’them shall have full power by vertue of this Act by Order and Warrant under theire hands and seales to displace or remove any of the persons aforesaid from the said respective Offices and Places or Trusts aforesaid if the said Commissioners or the major part of them then present shall deem it expedient for the publique safety although such persons shall have taken and subscribed or be willing to take and subscribe the said Oathes & Declaration

And bee it alsoe Enacted That the said respective Commissioners or any Five or more of them as aforesaid shall have power to restore such person or persons as have beene illegally or unduely removed into the places out of which he or they were removed and alsoe to put and place into the Offices and Places which by any of the wayes aforesaid shall be void respectively some other person or persons then being or which have beene Members or Inhabitants of the said respective Cities Corporations and Burroughs and Cinque Ports and theire Members and other Port Townes who shall before the said respective Commissioners or any three or more of them take the said Oaths of Obedience and Supremacy and the said other Oath and subscribe the Declaration herein before particularly mentioned and that the said persons from and after the taking of the said Oaths and subscribing the said Declaration shall hold and enjoye and be vested in the said Places and Offices as if they had beene duely elected and chosen according to the Charters and former usages of the said respective Cities Corporations

and Burroughs Cinque Ports and theire Members and other Port Townes.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said respective Commissioners or any three or more of them respectively shall have power during the continuance of theire respective Commissions to administer the Oathes aforesaid and tender the said Declaration to the said persons hereby required to take and subscribe the same And from and after the expiration of the said respective Commissions the said three Oathes and Declaration shall bee from time to time administred and tendred to such person and persons who by the true meaning of this

Ad or any Clause therein contained are to take the same by such person or persons respectively who by the

Charters or Usages of the said respective Cities Corporations and Burroughs and Cinque Ports and theire Members and other Port Townes ought to administer the Oath for due executing the said Places or Offices respectively and in default of such by two Justices of the Peace of the said Cities Corporations and Burroughs and Cinque Ports and theire Members and other Port Townes for the time being if any such there be or otherwise by two Justices of the Peace for the time being of the respective Counties where the said Cities Corporations or Burroughs or Cinque Ports or theire Members or other Port Townes are.

And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Commissioners Justices of the Peace and other persons hereby authorized to administer the said Oaths and tender the said Declaration respectively shall cause Memorandums or Entries to be made of all Oathes taken before them and subscriptions made as aforesaid and deliver the same once in a yeare to the respective Town-Clerks or other Register or Clerke of the said respective Cities Corporations and Burroughs and Cinque Ports and theire Members and other Port-towns who shall cause the same to be fairely entred into the Books or Registers belonging to the said respective Cities Corporations or Burroughs or Cinque Ports and theire Members or other Port-towns.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the expiration of the said Commissions no person or persons shall for ever hereafter be placed elected or chosen in or to any the Offices or Places aforesaid that shall not [havel] within one yeare next before such Election or Choice taken the Sacrament of the Lords Supper according to the Rites of the Church of England and that every such person and persons so

AJ).1661.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 1,2.

323

placed elected or chosen shall likewise take the aforesaid three Oathes and subscribe the said Declaration art die diall take the ntni> time when the Oath for the due execution of the said Places and Offices respectively shall be administred And in default hereof every such placing election and choice is hereby Enacted and Declared to bee void.

Provided alwaies and be it Enacted That every person who shall be placed in any Corporation by vertue of this Act shall upon his admission take the Oath or Oaths usually taken by the Members of such Corporation

X.

The usual Oath to be taken.

Provided alsoe and be it hereby Enacted That the Powers granted to the Commissioners by vertue of this ^I*

Act shall continue and be in force undll the Five and twentieth of March One thousand six hundred sixty three Commissioners* and no longer Power to continoe-

Provided That if any Action Bill Plaint or Suit shall att any time hereafter happen to be brought or commenced ,

. . ' rr ° Commissioners sued

against any person or persons nominated a Commissioner as aforesaid for any matter or thing by them or any of may plead the

them done by vertue or in pursuance of this Act That then it shall be lawfull to and for every such person and

persons against whom such Action Bill Plaint or Suit shall be brought or commenced to plead the Generali Issue Costs.

and to give this Act or any other speciall matter in Evidence And if the Verdict shall passe with the Defendant

or Defendants in any such Action or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become Non suite or suffer any discontinuance

thereof That in every such case the Judge or Judges before whom the said matter shall be tryed or be depending

shall by force and vertue of this Act allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or theire treble Costs which

he or they shall have sustained by reason of theire wrongfull vexation in defence of the said Action or Suit for

which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have like remedy as in other cases where Costs by the Lawes of

this Real me are given to the Defendants.

Provided alwaies and it is hereby Declared That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be to the prejudice of any person or persons whatsoever that hath any Reversion or Reversions of any [of ‘3 the Offices or Places belonging to the City of London by force or vertue of any Order Grant Designation or Nomina£6n of the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen of the said City heretofore respectively made or granted to him or them before the times of the late Wars for or in respect of such Grant Designation or Nominacftn onely Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

XIII. Proviso for Reversions of Offices in London.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for prevention of Vexations and Oppressions by Arrests and of Delates in Suits of Law.

\\7 WHEREAS by the Ancient and Fundamentall Lawes of this Realme in case where any person is sued

Tv impleaded or arrested by any Writ Bill or Processe issuing out of [any of1] His Majesties Courts of Records att Westminster in any Common Plea att the Suit of any common person the true cause of Action ought to be sett forth and particularly expressed in such Writ Bill or Process whereby the Defendant may have certaine knowledge of the cause of the Suit and the Officer who shall execute such Writ Bill or Processe may know how

to take Security for the Apparance of the Defendant to the same and the Sureties for such Apparances may

rightly understand for what cause they become engaged And whereas there is a great complaint of the people of this Realme that for diverse yeares now last past very many of His Majesties good Subjects have beene arrested upon general 1 Writs of trespass quare clausu firegit Bills of Middlesex Latitat's and other like Writts issued out of the Courts of King Bench and Common Pleas not expressing any particular or certain cause of Action and thereupon kept prisoners for a long time for want of Bayle Bonds with Sureties for Apparances having beene demaunded in so great sums that few or none have dared to be Security for the Apparances of such persons soe arrested and imprisoned although in truth there hath beene little or no cause of Action and often times there are no such persons who were named Plaintiffs but tbo6e Arrests have beene many times procured by malitious persons to vex and oppress the Defendants or to force from them unreasonable and unjust compositions for obtaining theire Liberty And by such evill practices many men have beene and are daily undone and destroyed in theire Estates without possibility of having reparation the Actors imployed in such praftises having beene for the most part poore and lurking persons and theire aftings so secret that it hath beene found very difficult to make true discoveries or proofe thereof For remedy and prevention of which so great growing evills and mischetfs and alsoe for discouraging all frivolous and unjust Suits and causeless Arrests for the future Bee it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and TemporaU and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authority of the same That from and after the Twelfth day of February in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and one no person or persons who shall happen to be arrested by any Sheriff Under-Sheriff Coroner Steward or Bailiff of any Franchise or Liberty or by any other Officer Minister Under-bailiff or other person or persons whatsoever within this Realm having or pretending to have Authority or Warrant in that behalfe by force or colour of any Writt Bill or Processe issuing or to be issuing out of His Majesties said Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas or either of them in* which said Writt Bill or Processe the certainty and true cause of Action is not expressed particularly and for which the Defendant or Defendants in such Writt Bill or Process named is and are bailable by the Statute in that behalf

Ref. P<xW. i j C> 11%

p. 2. MU, 1.

Recital that by the Law of the Land, in case of Arrest, the Cause of Action ought to be set forth in Process

and that of late divers Arrests have been on general Writs of Trespass, &c. in which no Cause of Affion expressed;

and that such Arrests have been procured by malicious Persons, &c.

No Person arretted compellable to give greater Bond of Appearance than

*40.

The trne Cause of Action to be set forth in the Process.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. e. 2.

A.D. 1661.

af H. VI. c.9. §$.

Sheriff enjoined to accept of such Bond.

23 H. VI. c.9 $3.

II.

Upon Appearance in Court, such Bonds and all Amercements discharged.

Plaintiff [not declaring.

Nonsuit and Costs.

*3 H. VIII. c.15.

in.

Proviso for Capias utlagatum and other Process.

IV.

Recital that Prisoners in the Fleet continue there to delay their Creditors.

How such Persons may be sued to Judgment in the Common Pleas.

Judgment by Nihu dicit.

Good cause of Detention to Warden.

Warden offending, Penalty.

made in the Three and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Henry the Sixth shall be forced or compelled to give Security or to enter into Bond with Sureties for the Apparances of such person or persons soe arrested att the day and place in the said Writt Bill or Process specified or contained in any penalty or sum or sums of money exceeding the sum of Forty pounds of lawfull money of England to be conditioned for such Apparances And that all Sheriffs and other Officers and Ministers aforesaid shall lett to Bail and deliver out of Prison and from theire and everie of theire Custodies respectively all and every person and persons whatsoever by them or any of them arrested upon any such Writ Bill or Processe wherein the certaintie and true cause of Action is not particularly expressed upon Security in the sum of Forty pounds and noe more given for Apparance of such person or persons so arrested unto the said Sheriff or Officer aforesaid according to the said Statute in the said three and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of the said late King Henry the Sixth in that behalfe made and provided.

And be it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that upon Apparance to be entred in the Terme wherein such Writt Bill or Processe is retomable with the respective Officer in that behalfe for the said person or persons by Attorney or Attorneys in the said respective Courts from whence the said Writ Bill or Processe issued unto such Writ Bill or Processe the Bond or Bonds soe given for Apparance thereunto be and are hereby satisfied and discharged And that after such Apparance so entred no Amerciaments be set or estreted upon or against any Sheriff or other Officer aforesaid or any other person whatsoever concerning the want of such Apparance and

unlesse the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Writ Bill or Processe named shall put into the Court from whence

such Writ Bill or Process did issue his or theire Bill or Declaracbn against the person or persons soe arrested in some psonall Action or Ejectione firme of Lands or Tenements before the end of the Term next following after Apparance that then a Non-suite for want of a Declarac&n may be entred against the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

in the said Courts respectively And that every Defendant in every such Writ Bill or Process named shall or may

have Judgement to recover Costs against every such Plaintiffe or Plaintiffs to bee assessed taxed and levied in such manner and according as it is provided by the Statute for Costs made in the three and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Henry the Eighth Any former or other Act Statute Ordinance Law Custome Order Course or Usage of either of the said Courts to the contrary thereof heretofore had made admitted or used in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwaies that this Act nor any Clause or thing herein before specified or conteined shall not extend nor be construed or taken to extend unto any Arrests hereafter to be made upon or by vertue of any Writ of Capias ut lagatum Attachment upon Rescous or Attachment upon any Contempt or of any Attachment of Priviledge at the Suite of any priviledged person or of any other Attachment for contempt whatsoever issuing or to be issuing out of either of the said Courts although there be no particular certainty of the cause of Action expressed or conteined in the said Writs But that neverthelesse no Sheriffs nor Under Sheriff nor any of the Officers or Ministers aforesaid shall discharge any person or persons taken upon any Writ of Capias ut lagatum out of Custody without a lawfull Supersedeas first had and received for the same and that upon the said Writs of Attachment such lawfull course be taken for Security for Apparance therein as hath beene heretofore used Any thing herein before expressed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And whereas many persons out of ill intent to delay theire Creditors from recovering theire just Debts continue Prisoners in the Fleet whoe cannot bee proceeded against in such manner as they might bee if they were att large Nowe for the better enabling all persons to recover theire just Debts and Demaunds against such Prisoners Be it

further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every person or persons whatsoever who now hath or have or

which att any time hereafter shall have cause of any personall Action against any person being a Prisoner in the

Prison of the Fleet may sue forth an Originall Writt upon his or theire cause of Action And that a Writ of Habeas

Corpus bee granted to every such person or persons being Plaintiff or Plaintiffs desireing the same to be directed to the Warden of the same Prison to have the Body of such Prisoner before the Justices of the Common Pleas att some certaine day in any Term to answere the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon his or theire said cause of Action And [that'] if the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs att the said day put into the said Court his or theire Declaracbn according to the said Originall Writt against the said Prisoner being present att the Barr the said Prisoner shall be bound to appeare in person or to put in an Attorney to appeare for him in the said Action And unlesse the said Defendant plead upon a Rule given to be out at Eight dayes at the least after such Apparance Judgement by Nihil dict may be entred against such Defendant as appearing in Person which shall be good & effectuall in Law And such charge in Court by Declaracftns signified by Rule unto the said Warden shall be a good cause of detention of such prisoner in his Custody from which he shall not be discharged without a lawfull Supersedeas or Rule of Court And if the said Warden shall do otherwise he shall bee responsible to the Court and to the party greived for Damages by Action upon the Case to bee brought against him for discharging such prisoner

V.

Certain Judicial Writ* good, though there be not Fifteen Day* between the Test and Return.

And whereas very many Suits commenced by Originall Writts have beene protracted and long delayed from Judgment and Execucbn by reason of the necessity of haveing Fifteene dayes att the least betweene the dayes of the Teste and the dayes of Return of Writs now used in personall Actions and alsoe in Actions of Ejedtione firme for Lands and Tenements For remedy thereof and for the more easie expediteing Trialls and the better and more speedie executeing of Judgements for the time to come Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in all Actions of Debt and all other personall Actions whatsoever and alsoe in all Actions of Ejedtione firme for

13° Car. II. Stat.2. c.2,3

325

Lands or Tenements nowe depending or which att any time hereafter shall bee depending by Originall Writ in either of his Majesties Courts aforesaid after any issue therein joyned to be tried by a Jury and alsoe after any Judgement had or obtained or to be had or obtained in either of the Courts aforesaid in any such Artion as aforesaid there shall not need to bee fifteene dayes betweene the Teste day and day of Retume of any Writ or Writs of Venire facias Habeas Corpora Juratop or Distringas Juratores Writs of Fieri facias or Writs of Capias ad satisfaciendum And that the want of Fifteene dayes betweene the Teste day and the day of Retom of any such Writ shall not bee nor shall be assigned taken or adjudged to be any matter or cause of Error Any Law Custome Statute Course or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

Provided neverthelesse that this Art nor any thing therein conteined shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Writ of Capias ad satisfaciendum whereon a Writ of Exigent after Judgement is to be awarded nor to Capias ad satisfaciendum against the Defendant in order to make any Baile liable But that the same continue and be as if this Art had never beene made

And whereas by an Art of Parliament made in the third yeare of the Reigiie of our late Soveraignc Lord King James of blessed memory a very good Law was made for avoiding unnecessary delaies of Execution whereby it is Enacted That no Execution shall be stayed or delayed upon or by any Writ of Error or Supersedeas thereupon to be sued for the reversing of any Judgement to be given in any Artion or Bill of Debt upon any single Bond for Debt or upon any Obliga£6n with Condicon for payment of money onely or upon any Artion or Bill of Debt for Rent or upon any Contrart sued in any of His [Hignes 1 ] Courts of [Records*] att Westminster or in the Counties Palatine of Chester Lancaster or Durham or in His Highnesse Courts of Great Sessions in any of the Twelve Shires of Wales unless such person or persons in whose name or names such Writt of Error shall be brought with twoe sufficient Sureties such as the Court wherein such Judgement is or shall be given shall allow of shall first before such stay made or Supersedeas to be awarded be bound to the party for whom any such Judgement was or should bee given by Recognizance to be acknowledged in the same Court in double the Sum adjudged to be recovered by the said former Judgement to prosecute the said Writt of Error with effert and alsoe to sadsfie and pay (if the said Judgement shall be affirmed) all and singuler the Debts Damages and Costs adjudged or to be adjudged upon the former Judgement And all Costs and Damages to be alsoe awarded for the same delaying of Execution which Law hath beene found by experience to bee very good and beneficiall to the Commonwealth And forasmuch as divers other Cases within the same mischeife by delayes and staying of Execucon by Writs of Error and Supersedeas thereupon are not provided for by the said Statute For further Remedy against delayes and staying of Executions in the severall Actions hereafter specified. Be it further Enarted and Ordeined by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the twentieth day of January in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred

sixty and one no Execution shall be stayed in any of the Courts aforesaid by any Writ or Writs of Error or

Supersedeas thereupon after any Verdirt and Judgement thereupon obteined in any Artion of Debt grounded upon the Statute made in the second yeare of the Reigne of the late King Edward the Sixth for not setting forth of Tythes nor in any Artion upon the case upon any promise for payment of money Artions sur Trover Artions of Covenant Detinue and Trespasse unlesse such Recognizance and in such manner as by the said recited former Act is direrted shall be first acknowledged in the said Court where such Judgement is given.

And be it alsoe Enarted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons after the said day shall sue

or prosecute any Writ or Writs of Error for reversal! of any Judgement whatsoever given after any Verdirt in any

of the Courts aforesaid and the said Judgement shall afterwards be affirmed then every such person or persons shall pay unto the Defendant or Defendants in the said Writ or Writs of Error his or theire double Costs to bee assessed by the Court where such Writ of Error shall be depending for the delaying of Execution

Provided nevertheles That this Art nor any thing therein conteyned shall not extend to any Artion Popular nor unto any other Artion which is or hereafter shall bee brought upon any penall Law or Statute (except Debt for not setting out Tythes as aforesaid) nor to any Indictment Presentment Inquisicon Informacon or Appeal Any thing herein before expressed to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for granting unto the Kings Majestie twelve hundred and threescore thousand pounds to bee assessed 'and levied by an assessment of threescore and ten thousand pounds by the moneth for eighteene moneths.

WE your Majesties most dutifull and loyall subjects the Commons assembled in Parliament taking notice of the present and important occasions for your Majesties supply and of your Majesties abundant grace and bounty to your people in the late Art of free and generall pardon indempnity and oblivion and withall considering that the great and heavy taxations which your people have lately undergone were cheifely if not onely for the paying off those publique debts to the Army and Navy which were contrafted in ill times and most of them for ill purposes under the late tyranicall and usurping powers insomuch that wee are nowe to provide for all those necessities your Majestie hath beene reduced to by the new setting [ofJ] your Majesties household without any setled revenue by the putting forth of severall Fleets and Navies to sea although your Majestie found the stores neere

4o

VI.

Proviso for certain Process to Outlawry and against Bail.

VII.

3 Jac. I. c. 8. recited.

In Actions of Debt for Tithes, Trover, Covenant, Detinue, and Trespiss, no Execution staid by Writ of Error, unless Bail, See. a (a&3) E. VI. c.13.

VIII.

If Judgment affirmed on Writ of Error.

Double Costs.

IX.

Proviso for Action Popular, Indictment, See.

Rot. Pari 13 C. IL

/.a. *.3.

Reasons for the present Grant.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3.

A.D. 1661.

exhausted by the provisions for the Garrison of Dunkirke and the establishment ttt Tangiers and alsoe att Jamaica three great additions of honour att present and wee hope of plenty hereafter by securing our. trade and commerce besides the charges of those guards to your royall person which the implacable spirits of some men have for some time made necessary and that noblest expence of all in bringing home your Royall Consort (whom Almighty God preserve and blesse to the joy and comfort of your Majestie and to the happines of all future generations) Nevertheles that your Majestie may see wee are no way discouraged by the charge or difficulty of the present occasions and that your enemies may see and knowe our readines to assist your Majestie with the utmost hazards i,160,000. both of our lives and estates Wee your said Commons doe hereby freely and cheerefully give and grant unto your

flanner following, Most Excellent Majestie the sum of twelve hundred and threescore thousand pounds to be raised and levied in

but not to be drawn manner following And although wee cannot but knowe that the ancient and usuall parliamentary course of raising

into Example. moneyes for the aid and supply of your Majesties extraordinary occasions is and hath beene by way of subsidies

which wee desire may bee observed in future times And that the course hereby taken may not bee drawne into example for the time to come and considering that the way of subsidies hath for many yeares last past been disused and that the regulacbn of that method in raising moneys would require more time and occasion more delay then your Majesties pressing and urgent affaires can well permit Wee therefore your Majesties faithfull and obedient subjects the Commons assembled in Parliament beseech your Majesde that it may be enacted [And be it enacted *] by the Kings Most excellent Majesde by and with the consent and advice of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled That the sume of threescore and ten thousand pounds by the month for eighteene moneths begining from the five and twendeth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty one shall bee assessed taxed collected levied and payed by six quarterly payments in the severall Counties Cities Burroughs Townes & places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweed according to the severall rules and proporc&ns and in such manner as is hereafter expressed (that is to say) for every moneth of the said [eighteen1] moneths Upon

The County of Bedford the sume of nine hundred thirty and three pounds six shillings and eight pence.

The County of Berks the sume of one thousand fowerscore and eight pounds seaventeene shillings and ten pence.

The County of Buckingham the sum of one thousand two hundred fourscore and three pounds six shillings and eight pence.

The County of Cambridge the sum of one thousand one hundred and two pounds ten shillings.

The Isle of Ely the sum of three hundred threescore and seaven pounds ten shillings.

The County of Chester the sum of seaven hundred threescore and ten pounds.

The City and County of the City of Chester the sum of fourscore and five pounds eleaven shillings and two pence.

The County of Cornwall the sum of One thousand six hundred thirty three pounds six shillings [and height pence.

The County of Cumberland the sum of One hundred and eight pounds.

The County of Derby the sum of nine hundred thirty and three pounds six shillings and eight pence.

The County of Devon the sum of three thousand and three pounds fifteene shillings and six pence.

The City and County of the City of Exon the sum of [One'] hundred and seaven pounds six shillings and eight pence

The County of Dorsett the sum of One thousand three hundred and eleaven pounds ten shillings and six pence.

The Towne and County of Poole the sum of Ten pounds and fourteene shillings.

The County of Durham the sum of One hundred fifty three pounds fourteen shillings and four pence.

The County of Yorke with the City and County of the City of York the sum of Three thousand forty three pounds eight shillings and ten pence.

The Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull the sum of Threescore and seaven pounds thirteene shillings foure pence.

The County of Essex the sum of Three thousand and five hundred pounds.

The County of Gloucester the sum of One thousand six hundred twenty six pounds six shillings eight pence.

The City and County of the City of Gloucester the sum of One hundred threescore and two pounds eleaven shillings and two pence.

The County of Hereford the sum of One thousand one hundred threescore and six pounds thirteene shillings and foure pence.

The County of Hertford the sum of One thousand and four hundred pounds.

The County of Huntington the sum of Six hundred twenty two pounds foure shillings and six pence.

The County of Kent with the City and County of the City of Canterbury the sum of Three thousand six hundred

fifty five pounds eleaven shillings two pence.

The County of Lancaster the sum [One3] nine hundred thirty three pounds six shillings eight pence.

The County of Leicester the sum of One thousand fourscore and eight, pounds seaventeen shillings and eight

pence.

The County of Lincoln with the City and County of the City of Lincoln the sum of Two thousand seaven hundred twenty two pounds four shillings ten pence.

The City of London the sum of Four thousand six hundred threescore and six pounds thirteene shillings and foure pence.

The County of Middlesex with the City and Liberties of Westminster the sura of One thousand seven hundred fourscore and eight pounds seaventeene shillings and ten pence.

A.D. 1661.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3.

327

The County of Monmouth the slim of Foure hundred threescore and six pounds thirteene shillings (bur pence. The County of NQrthampton the sum of One thousand and four hundred pounds.

The County of Nottingham the sum of Nine hundred and three pounds four shillings and four pence.

The Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the sum 6f Thirty pounds two shillings four pence.

The County of Norfolke the sum of Three thousand six hundred twenty four pounds eight shillings ten pence. The City and County of the City of Norwich the sum of One hundred fourscore and six pounds thirteene shillings four pence.

The County of Northumberland the sum [of1] One hundred threescore and nineteene pounds nineteene shillings ten pence.

The Towne of Newcastle the sum of Thirty five pounds eleaven shillings right pence.

The County of Oxon the sum of One thousand one hundred twenty seaven pounds fifteene shillings six pence. The County of Rutland the sum of two hundred threescore and twelve pounds four shillings and six pence.

The County of Salop the sum of One thousand three hundred twenty two pounds four shillings and foure pence, The County of Stafford the sum of Nine hundred and nineteene pounds six shillings and right pence.

The City and County of the City of Lichfeild the sum of fourteen pounds.

The County of Somersett the sum of two thousand seaven hundred twenty two pounds four shillings six pence. The City and County of the City of Bristoll the sum of One hundred threescore and eleaven pounds two shillings and two pence.

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton the sum of Two thousand twenty two pounds foure shillings and four pence.

The County of Suffolke the sum of Three thousand six hundred fifty five pounds eleaven shillings and two pence.

The County of Surrey the sum of One thousand five hundred threescore and five pounds five shillings and six pence.

The Burrough of Southwarke the sum of [One1] hundred fourscore and four pounds fourteen shillings and six pence.

The County ot Sussex the sum of One thousand nine hundred and five pounds eleaven shillings and two pence. The County of Warwicke with the City and County of the City of Coventry the sum of One thousand two hundred forty four pounds eight shillings and ten pence.

The County of Worcester the sum of One thousand one hundred fourscore and two pounds four shillings and four pence.

The City and County of the City of Worcester the sum of threescore and two pounds four shillings and six pence.

Hie County of Wilts the sum of One thousand nine hundred forty foure pounds right shillings and ten pence The County of Westmerland the sum of threescore and thirteene pounds nineteene shillings and four pence.

The Isle of Anglesey the sum of One hundred thirty five pounds fourteen shillings four pence.

The County of Brecknock the sum of Three hundred threescore and one pounds thirteen shillings four pence. The County of Cardigan the sum of Two hundred and thirteen pounds and ten shillings.

The County of Carmarthen the sum of Three hundred fifty and two pounds six shillings and eight pence The County of Camarvan the sum of Two hundred and two pounds four shillings and four pence.

The County of Denbigh the sum of Two hundred threescore and twelve pounds four shillings and six pence The County of Flint the sum of One hundred thirty five pounds fourteen shillings and six pence.

The County of Glamorgan the sum of Four hundred fifty and eight pounds seaventeen shillings and eight pence The County of Merioneth the sum of One hundred twenty four pounds eight shillings and ten pence The County of Mountgomery the sum of Two hundred fourscore and fifteen pounds and eleven shillings The County of Pembroke the sum of Four hundred and six pounds

The County of Radnor the sum of Two hundred fifty four pounds six shillings and eight pence.

The Town of Haveford West the sum of Fourteen pounds eleven shillings and eight pence

And the Town of Berwick upon Tweed the sum of Five pounds sixteene shillings and eight pence.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that all and every the persons hereafter named shall be Commissioners of and for the severall and respective Counties Cityes Boroughs Townes and Places hereafter named that is to say.

(j)

For the County of Bedford Francis Lord Russell Robert Lord Bruce Sir Beauchampe S' John Sir Samuel Browne Sir Loodwick Dyer Sir John Napier Sir Roger Burgoin Sir Thomas Alston Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Humphrey Monox Sir Sl John Chamock Sir Henry Chester Knight of the Bath Sir Samuel Luke Sir William Palmer of Warden Sir William Palmer of Hill Sir John Duncombe Sir James Beverley Sir William Beecher Sir Clement Armiger Sir George Blundell Sir Henry Piggot John Keeling Serjeant att Law Stephen Anderson S’ John Tomson Oliver Luke John Osborne Francis Dives William Boteler Francis Crawley Richard Tayler Richard Dyer Thomas Suagy William Geery James Mountague Samuel Cotten John Neale John Harvey Walter Rolt John Vaux William Cheney of Sundon Thomas Chaney of Bramingham John Huxley Robert Crompton Robert Audley William Spencer Walter Cary John Ventris John Rotderam Francis Wingate Mathew Denton Gaius Squire John Mathewes Stanton Esquires.

Commissioner*

named.

328

13° Cab. II. Stat 2. c. 3.

A.D. 1661.

Towne of Bedford

for the Towne of Bedford The Maior for the time being Robert Lord Bruce Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Henry Chester Sir William Beecher Sir George Blundell William Boteler Esq* Richard Tayler Esq John Keeling Serjeant at Law William Spencer John Gardiner Robert Beverley John Beaumont Doctor of Phisick John Barber Thomas Chrisd William Foster William Riseley Simon Beckett Esquires John Hancock Crawley Robert

Fitzhugh Aldermen Lewis Harding Robert Little William Scot senior.

Berks

for the County of Berks George Fane Esquire John Lovelace Esquire Sir George Stonehouse Sir Thomas Draper Sir Thomas Rich Sir Richard Powle Sir Edmund [Sawyer1] Sir Robert Pye Sir Richard Braham Sir Thomas Dolman Sir Cesar [Colchough *] Sir Henry Winchcombe John Davis George Purefoy Peregrine Hobby Robert Packer Richard Aldworth Richard Harrison Thomas Sanders William Backhouse John Elwaies John Southby Richard Nevill John Allen John Whitfeild John Blagrave Henry Henn William Nelson William Tmmball William Hyde William Barker [Anthony Barker3] Francis Peacock Esquires Mr John Parr William James Thomas Southby Mr Dalby Paul Colton Samuel Woodcock The Maiors of Reading Abingdon Windsor and Wallingford for the tiirie being Richard Palmer Peregrin Wilcockf Mr Day Mr Piggott Mr [Coulton4] Mr Loder senior of Wallingford Mr Weston of Newberry James Herne senior Doctor Hungerford George Starke Esq* William Baker Esquire Robert Massey Esq* Mr Whisler of Alder Humphrey Hyde senior Humphrey Hyde junior Edward Hobby Richard Broderick William Wilmot

Buckf

For the County of Bucks Thomas Lord Wenman Sir Thomas Tirrell Justice of the Comon Pleas Sir Richard Temple Baronett Sir Toby Tireill Sir John Burlace Sir Francis Henry Lea Sir Anthony Chester Sir Heneage Proby Sir William Drake Sir Ralph Vemey Sir William Smith Sir Richard Napier Sir William Bowyer Baronetts Sir William Tirringhafti Knight of the Bath James Herbert Esquire Sir William Parsons Sir Henry Andrewes Baronets Sir Richard lngoldsby Knight of the Bath Sir Edmund Pye Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Longvile of [Molverton*] Baronet Sir Robert Croke Charles Cheney Thomas Proby Richard Hampden Francis lngoldsby John Dormer Richard Greenvill Symon Bennet Thomas Saunders of Hadenham Thomas Stafford Robert Lovett Thomas Duncumbe of Broughton Esquires Sir Purbecke Temple Knight Brett Norton Thomas Hacket Esquires Sir Thomas Lee Baronet John Green Edmund Petty Alexander Croke Robert Croke William Fleetwood William Burlace William Penn Edmund Varney William Salter Edward Waller Edmund Waller of Esquires Thomas Berringer George

Tash Nicholas le Grice Thomas Farrer senior Thomas Fanrer junior John Egglestone James Lowe Thomas Risley Roger Price Francis Tirringham Knightley Purefoy Bernard Turney Duke Dorrell William Lane William Claver of Weeden Esquires Captain Styles Sir Robert Geares Knight and Baronett Sir Thomas Hampson Baronet Sir Thomas Clarges Knight Sir Richard Pickett Ralph Deane Peter Dayrell junior Edmund Dayrell Esquires Sir John Croke Dudley Rewse Francis Duffeild Thomas Weedon Esquires Thomas Audley Richard Burton John Turner Gentlemen William Hackwill Esquire James Perrot Gentleman Richard Winwood Thomas Waller Esquires The Bayliffe of Buckingham for the time being The Maior of Wickham for the time being.

Cambridge

For the County of Cambridge The Lord Allington Sir William Compton Sir Dudley North Sir Francis Russell Sir Thomas Hatten Sir John Cotten Sir Thomas Willis Sir John Cutts Sir Thomas Bennet Sir Thomas Dayrell Sir Isaac Thornton Sir Thomas Wendy Thomas Chichley (6) Levinus Bennet (6) John Bennet [ Esquires6] Sir Anthony Cage Samuel Thornton John Millisent Samuel Fortrey Thomas Story William Legat Thomas Ducket Robert Piggot Jeoffry Nightingale John Wildbore William Layre Humphrey Gardiner Thomas Martin Roger Pepys Thomas Dodd Esquires Mr Barnes.

For the University and Towne of Cambridge

For the University and Towne of Cambridge The Vice Chancellor of the University for the time being The Maior of the Towne for the time being Sir Thomas Slater Baronet Richard Minsall Theophilus Dillington Doctors of Divinity Andrew Owen DoSor of Law Robert Eads Mathew Barlowe Henry Pamant James Jackson Brady DoSors of Phisick Thomas Crowch Esq* Clement Nevile DoSor Gostlyn Thomas Gearing Samms

Robert Crane Doctor of Law Walter Catstrey John Peachel John Boord Roger Pepys Recorder of the Towne Samuel Spalding Christopher Rose Chapman Thomas Tifford John Ewen John Jenkinson Rowland

Simpson John Tymms*

Isle of Ely.

For the Isle of Ely William Cotell William Fisher Lawrence Oxburgh Thomas Marsh Thomas Steward Robert Steward Robert Balaam William Balam Anthony Buckworth Anthony Fisher Mathew Tayler Humphrey Gardner Robert Swaine John Swayne Thomas Edwards Robert Glapthom Edmond Farrer Robert Twelve Michael Holman*

A.D.\6€l.

13° Car. II. Stat.2. c. 3.

329

Chester

For the County of Chester Robert Lord Cholmley Sir William Stanley Sir Peter Leicester Sir Thomas Man waring Sir Richard Grosvenor Sir George Warburton Baronets Sir Philip Egerton Sir John Ardem Sir Fulke Lucy Sir John Booth Knights Thomas Cholmondeley of Vel-Royall Richard Leigh Edward Warren Henry Brooke Thomas Marbury Henry Legh John Crew of Utkinton Edward Legh (') Henry Bunbury (*) Edward Hide Edward [Legg1] Peter Dutton Richard Wathall [Roger Wilbraham of Nampwich4] Roger Wilbraham of Deerfold John Belot William Lawton John Daniel William Liversage Peter Pindare Alexander Fitton Somerford Oldfeild Robert Tatton Richard Masley Ralph Horton Esquires.

City of Chester.

For the City and County of the City of Chester Thomas Thrope Maior of the said City Sir Thomas Smith Baronet John Ratcliffe Esquire Recorder Charles Walley Robert Harvey Thomas Cooper William Ince Edward Bradshawe William Crompton John Johnson William Bennet Robert Bird William Wright Peter Leigh Richard Minshull Gerrard Jones Arthur Walley The Maior for the time being

Cornwall

For the County of Cornwall Robert Roberts Esquire Sir Chichester Wrey Knight and Baronett Sir John Trelawney Knight and Baronett Sir John Carew Sir Richard Vivian Baronets Sir William Godolphin Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Edgecombe Knight of the Bath Sir Frands Godolphin Knight of the Bath Sir Nicholas Slaning Knight of the Bath Sir John Arundell Sir Peter Courtney Sir Peter Killigrew Sir Samuel Coswarth Sir Richard Prideaux Sir James Smith Sir William Tredinham Knightf Charles Grills Peircy Edgecombe Jonathan Trelawney John Coryton Hender Roberts Richard Arundell Bernard Greenvil Hugh Biscawen Jonathan Rashley Charles Trevanion Charles Roscarrock Francis Buller Walter Langdon William Pendarvis John Elliot John .Buller John Arundell Nicholas Arrundel William Scawn Edward Boscawn William Cotten John Harris Samuel Trelawney John Trelawney John Penrose John Speccot Renatus Billet Humphrey Noy Esquires John Tanner James Prade Thomas Robinson Edward Nosworthy Arthur Spry Thomas Hearl John Rashley Richard Rouse William Godolphin Richard Erisie junior John Polewheel Digory Polewheel Walter Kendal Walter Moyl Nicholas Burlace Edmond Prideaux Oliver Sawle Thomas Trefry John Moulsworth John Nicholls of Trewane John Camsew Francis Jones Ezekiel Arrundel Richard Pendarvis Anthony Chinoweth William Painter Hannibal Buggins George Hele Samuel Ennis John [Bonthen5] of Carclew Hugh Trevanion Nathaniel Trevanion Colan Blewet Hugh Pomeroy Christopher Cooke Hugh Courtney Thomas Wills Thomas Castle Michael Hill Nathaniel Mohun Esquires Thomas Hoblin of S* Stephens Gen! William Trevisa John Bligh Richard Porter Henry Spur Henry Spur junior Leor Tremain Esquires Francis Robinson Gent Hugh Piper James Bond Digory Tremain Chamond Greenvil John Peirce John Billing Christopher Billet Joseph Sawle Esquires Hugh Trevanion Marke Silly William Spry Richard Hawke William Courtney of Sl Erme John Mathews Humphrey Arscot Thomas Hoblin of Goran Samuel Gully Thomas Hickf John Verman John Williams Richard Williams John Burgesse Edmund Phillips Andrew Cory Frands Burgis William Williams Charles Grills Bernard Kendall William Mohun William Webber David Moyl Nicholas Sawle Robert Soyle John Edwards Francis Hearle James Crocker Stephen Polewheel Nathaniel Lugger Gentlemen Reynald Hawkey Thomas Pyker Richard Erisie John Vivian Thomas Wadden Peter Jenkin Edward Hearle James Erisie Edward Elliott Charles Biscawen John Ceely Esquires Edward Hender Gentleman John Thomas William Hender Richard Carter Esquires John Conock Mathew Vivian.

Cumberland

For the County of Cumberland Sir Philip Musgrave Knight & Baronett Sir Patridus Curwen Baronet Sir William Dalstone Knight and Baronett Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther [Sir John Lowther4] Sir Edward Musgrave Baronets Sir Thomas Dacre Sir William Huddlestone Sir William Carleton Sir Philip Howard Sir Wilfrid Lawson Sir Frands Salkeld Knights Christopher Musgrave John Lamplugh Christopher Blencow William Musgrave Daniel Fleming Richard Skelton William Musgrave William Layton George Denton Richard Tolson John Barwis William Briscoe John Eglanby Jonathan Atkins Christopher Potter Christopher Richmond Thomas Denton Anthony Bouch John Senhouse Edward Stanley John Warwick Esquires The Maior of Carlisle for the time being.

Derby.

For the County of Derby Henry Viscount Mansfeild William Lord Cavendish Anchitei Gray Esquire George Pierpoint Esquire Sir Thomas Gresley Sir Frands Burdet Sir John Harper Baronets Sir John Curson Knight and Baronett Sir Edward Coke Sir Henry Every Sir William Boothby Baronets Sir John Harper Sir Samuel Sleigh Knights John Fretchvile German Pole John Ferrers John Mundey George Vernon Richard Coke John Mil ward Walter Horton Charles Agard Gilbert Thacker William Fitzherbert Charles Cotton Henry Gilbert Nicholas Willimot Robert Eyre James Abney Godfrey Clarke William Bullocke George Sitwell Simon Degg Esquires Roger Alestry John Dalton William Woolly Maior of Derby for the time being Thomas Sleigh John Donage Aldermen George Tayler William Wright Rowland Eyre of Bradway Francis Barker Gen!.

4 P

330

13° Car. II. Stat.2. c. 3.

A.D. 1661.

m

Devon.

For the County of Devon Sir William Morrice Principall Secretary of State Sir Peter Prideaux High Sheriffe Sir Edward Seymour Sir George Chudley Sir Francis Drake Sir Thomas Hele Sir Hugh Pollard Sir Courtney Poole Sir Copplestone Bampfeild Sir John Northcot Sir John Chichester Sir William Courtney Sir John Davye Sir Edmund Fowell Sir William Morrice Sir Thomas Carew Sir John Drake Baronets Sir Edward Wise Sir John Roll Sir Nicholas Slanning Knights of the Bath Sir John Chichester Sir Henry Carew Sir John Young Sir Thomas Stewkley Sir Robert Cary Sir Richard Prideaux Sir Peter Ball Sir James Smith Sir William Stroud Sir Edmund Fortescue Sir John Skelton Knights Edward Seymore Peter Prideaux Arthur Bassett William Jennings Arthur Northcoat John Fowell Thomas Clifford Robert Fortescue Thomas Hele Walter Young John Giffard Edmond Tremain Thomas Southcoat Edmond Parker Richard Cabal John Courtney John Bury John Arscote George Yeo Thomas Carew Edward Pyne John Speccot John Tanner Amos Pollard John Pollard Nicholas Dennys Robert Walker John Tuckfeild George Potter Samuel Trelawney George Howard John Kelland William Bogan Jonathan Sparke James Clifford Nicholas Duck Thomas Reynel Mathew Halls Thomas Carew of Bowhill Thomas Stafford John StoWell John Jacob John Harris of Hotham Thomas Wood William Williams Balthazar Bear Thomas Berry of Northam John Harris of Radford John Kelley Henry Norleygh Josias Calmady Ambrose Roope Thomas Gibbons Edmond Fowell John Martin Arthur Champemone [Philip Champemone1 ] Mathewe Heale John Wise John Hawkins Thomas Prestwood John Trelawney Edward Walrond Francis Drewe John Fry [Benjamin Colme John Willoughby Thomas Beare John Fry1] William Walrond William Putt (*) Richard Duke Thomas Southcote Gideon Haydon John Bragg Philip Shapcote James [Huich*] Ellis Bartlett Henry Ford Samuel Tanner William Martin Henry Stevens Henry Newte Esquires The Maiors of Totnes Plimouth Tiverton Dartmouth and Barnstaple for the time being Christopher Clobery Peter Fortescue Esquires.

City of Exon.

For the City and County of the City of Exon Sir Thomas Mallet Knight one of his Majesties Justices of the Kings Bench The Maior for the time being Sir Peter Ball Recorder Sir James Smith Knight Robert Walker John Were Esquires John Bidgood Do£fcorv of Phisick Nicholas Isaac Sheriff John Marten Merchant Henry Walker Gent Thomas Shapcote Gen! John Acdand George Potter Merchants Isaac Maudite senior.

Durham.

For the County of Durham Sir Thomas Widdrington Knight Sir John Conyers Sir Thomas Lyddell Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronets Sir George Vane Sir Francis Bowes Sir Francis Lyddell Sir William Darcy Sir Nicholas Cole Sir Joseph Craddock Knights Thomas Burwell Doctor of Lawes John Hilton Esquire Thomas Delaval James Clavering Cuthbert Carr Anthony Byarly Nicholas Frevill Christopher Conyers Ralph Cole George Darcy Ralph Davison Thomas Shadforth Anthony Dodsworth John Tempest Thomas Fetherstonhaugh Cuthbert Pepper Esqss Timothy Whittingham Esquire.

Newcastle upon Tyne

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tyne Sir John Marley Knight present Maior Sir Nicholas Cole Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Anderson Knight Sir Francis Bowes Knight Mr Robert Shafto Recorder Mr Robert Shafto Mr Marke Milbanks Mr John Emerson Aldermen Mr Thomas Jenison Sheriff M' Henry Madison Mr Thomas Davison Mr Ralph Grey junior Mr Thomas Wetherell Mr John Dobson junior Mr Ralph Tayler.

Dorset.

For the County of Dorset John Lord Digby Sir Francis Hollis Sir Gerrard Napier Sir Hugh Windham Baronets Sir Francis Fulford Sir John Strangewaies Sir Walter Earle Sir Ralph Banks Sir John Fitz James Sir John Lowe Knights Giles Strangewayes John Strode Humphrey Wilde John Morton John Strangwaies John Tregonwell of Anderston Henry Henly George Pit Robert Culliford Winston Churchill Henry Whitaker James Gould John Churchill Bullen Reymes Humphrey Bishop Thomas Freake Nathaniel Naper John Tregonwell of Milton Edward Hooper Robert Coker John Rogers Thomas Trenchard Thomas Fownes Thomas Moore George Fulford John Turbervel Robert Lawrence Robert Naper Maximilian Mohun Michael Harvey George Hussey Thomas Baynard Esquires John Browne William Constantine William Thomas George Grey Henry Butler William Floyer Robert Tyderleigh John Ryves of Damare John Gould John Abington Arthur Radford William Okeden Edmond Uvedall George Savage of Deane John Michel John Jeffreys Dillaline Hussey John Hardey Wolle Miller William Ellesdon George Strangwaies William Caldecote Mathew Davis John Still Arthur Fooks Gregory Gibbs George Strenchard John Dolling John S1 Lowe John Hoskins John Ironside William Fautleroy Esquires George Style Henry Herbin Gentlemen Thomas Chaff Peter Hoskins John Hurden George Browne James Smith Robert Freak Robert Seymour Robert Williams of Heringstone Richard Newman Esquire.

Pool.

For the Towne and County of Pool Sir John Fitz James John Morton Esq> Colonel William Skut Robert Cleeves Richard Dolberry Moses Durrell Aaron Durrel.

A.D. 1661.

13° Car, II. Stat2. c. 3.

331

F^Xt

For the County of Essex Sir Edward Turner Speaker of the House of Comons Sir Harbottle Grimstone Master of the Rolls Sir John Barrington Knight and Baronet Edward Russell Esquire Sir Henry Appleton Sir Benjamin Ailoffe Sir William Hickf Sir William Wiseman of [CawfeUd1] Sir Andrewe Jenner Sir Capell Luckin Sir Martin Lumbley Sir Thomas Abdy Sir Samuel Try an Sir Robert Abdy Sir William Wiseman Sir Henry Wright Sir Thomas Smith Baronets Sir John Brampstone Sir James Altham Knights of the Bath Sir Humphrey Mildmay Sir John Tyrell Sir Robert Kempe Sir Thomas Bowes Sir Richard Wiseman Sir Anthony Browne Sir Thomas Fanshawe Sir Edmond Peirce Sir Thomas Gardiner Sir Mundeforde Brampstone Sir William Glascock Sir John Shawe Sir Cranmer Herris Knights Thomas King John Bendish Charles Fitz Gamaliel Capel Richard Sanies Charles Maynard senior Thomas S* George Oliver Raymond Thomas Meade Peter Solme Thomas Argoll John Atward Tristram Conyers Henry Wollistone Henry Pert John Eldred senior Salter Herris John Eldred junior Geoige Walton John Godbold John Paschall Robert Joselin Thomas Midleton Gulston William Glascock

Thomas Luther Thomas Cambell William Umfreven James Silverlock Thomas Roberts John Aylet William Hicks John James Francis Nicholson William Houlcrat Thomas Bland Haynes Barley William Appleton Charles Maynard junior Richard Cooper Lancelot Slamby John Tyrel Daniel Andrewes John Berners Esquires John Lowen Doffcor of Lawes John Turner John Berriff Esquires The Maior of Colchester for the time being Thomas Talcost John Radains Thomas Peake Thomas Renolds Andrew Fromanteel Henry Lambe Robert Legg Thomas Raynald junior Peter Johnson Bailiffs of Malden for the time being Rubin Robinson Doctor of Phisick John Stynnens Samuel Plumbe Bartholomew Brickwood Francis Gurney Joseph Hall The Maior of Harwich for the time being Daniel Smith George Coleman Richard Fuller Anthony Wollward Humphrey Jaggard Henry Wright Esquires.

Gloucester

Henry Lord Herbert Robert Viscount Tracy Sir Henry Capell Knight Sir William Ducy Baronet Sir Henry Frederick Thynne Baronet Sir Edward Bathurst Sir Richard Ashfeild Sir John How Baronets Sir Robert Points Sir Robert Atkins Knights of the Bath Sir William Catchmay Sir Nicholas Throckmorton Sir Baynham Throckmorton Sir Edmund Bray Sir Gabrieli Lowe Sir John Newton Sir Thomas How Knights William Cooke Thomas Masters William Dutton Francis Norwood John Winter William Try William Stratford Sir Baynham Throckmorton Baronet Sir Edward Massey Knight John How Esquire Evan Seys Esqs Serjeant at Law John George Esqs Richard Dowdeswell Esqv Sir Hugh Middleton Baronet Fleetwood Dormer Esquire Lord Cheife Baron Hales George Mountague Esqs Philip Sherrard William Selwin Sir Thomas Stephens Sir Thomas Overbury Knights Sir Christopher Gyse Knight William Cope Esqs Philip Sheppard Richard Whitmore Nicholas Veale John Stephens Thomas Chester Richard Atkins John Fettiplace John Coddrington Thomas Seymour John Chamberlain Richard Sackvile William Bourcher John Barrow Duncumb Colchester Henry Paul John Smith Charles Cox John Rich Andrewe Barker Richard Cox senior Esquires Mr. David Williams Mr John Driver Mr Thomas Morgan Mr William Jones Mr William Morgan Mr Thomas Aylway Edward Rich Thomas Horton Robert Pleydell Thomas Thynne Esquires Richard Baugh Esquire The Bayliffs of Tewkesbury for the time being Mr. William Wilson M\ Edward Jenings Mr William Hancock Mr John Carver Mr. John Dobbins Mr Conway Whitteme Mr William Dowdeswell Mr. Henry Browne Mf William Freame Mr. William Dobbins Thorpe Esquire.

Gloucester.

For the Citty and County of the City of Gloucester The Maior of Gloucester for the time being Edward Lord Herbert Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Massey Knight Evan Seys Serjeant att Law Sir Christopher Gyse Knight John Grubhamhow Esquire William Cooke Richard Atkins Silvanus Wood William Selwin Esquires William Singleton William Capel Thomas Pury Dennis Wise Luke Nourse Lawrence Singleton Henry Cugley James Stephens Toby Jordan Robert Pain Thomas Pyers Thomas Lugg Aldermen John Dorney Esquire John Powell Thomas Yate Thomas Price Gentlemen Edward Nourse Esquire Henry Nourse Esquire.

Hereford.

For the County of Hereford Henry Lord Herbert John Lord Viscount Scudamore James Scudamore Wallop Brabazon Esquires Sir James Bridges Sir John Kirle Sir John Scudamore Sir William Powel Baronets Sir Edward Harley Sir Henry Lingen Knights of the Bath Sir Edward Hopton Sir Herbert Perrot Knights [Fitzwiltfams1] Coningsby Thomas Whitney Thomas Tomkins John Prise Thomas Prise Herbert Aubrey senior Walter Pyt John Scudamore senior Roger Vaughan Humphrey Cornwall Herbert Awbrey junior Herbert Westfaileing Esquires Job Charleton Serjeant at Law James Pit Thomas Cornwall John Scudamore junior Thomas Cockes Edward Cornwall John Skipp Reynold Grayham Richard Hopton Bennet Hoskins Giles Bridges John Barnaby Thomas Geeres Thomas Carpender Humphrey Howorth William Gregorie Francis Unet John Hanford Humphrey Baskervile John Birch John Vaughan John Booth of Hereford Thomas Harley Ambrose Elton Richard Wigmore John Nurse Rudhale Guillym Nicholas Wallwin Thomas Rodd John Booth of [Broynton1] Thomas French Thomas Wigmore Robert Rodd Richard Reed Thomas Whittington Thomas Veynal Timothy Cowles Herbert Masters William Bridges John Barnaby of Brockhampton John Dansey William Dansey Esquires John Guyllin of Willington Gent Humphrey Tayler of Withington John Kidley of Bromley Thomas Gomond of Kilpeck Arthur Winwood senior John Carver Gentlemen The Bayliff for the Burrough of Leominster for the time being Edward Rodd Gen? Richard Rodd of Rodd Esquire Thomas Bianey Priamus Davies Edward Freeman

* Canfeild 0. * Fitz William 0. Braynton 0.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3.

A.D. 16 6.1.

332

Qty of Hereford.

For the Qty of Hereford The Maior for the time being Sir Henry Lingen Knight Herbert Westfailing John Booth of Hereford Thomas French Esquires Charles Booth Richard Philpots David Bowen William Phillips Walter Wall Jerom Addis Thomas Homes Robert Symonds William Edwin John Rawlins Thomas Paynard Thomas Davids Gentlemen Edward Aldera Doctor of Lawes James Smith Nicholas Philpots Thomas Bond Hugh • Rodd Thomas Clarke Gentlemen John Hill John Barnes.

Hertford.

For the County of Hertford Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the House of Commons Lord Fanshaw Sir Thomas Fanshaw [Knn] of the Honourable Order of the Bath Sir Thomas Leventhorpe Sir Edward Atkins one of the Barons of his Majesties Exchequer Sir Richard Atkins Sir Richard Francklin Sir Harbottle Grimstone Sir Ralph Baesh Sir Thomas Hewet Sir Thomas Dacres Sir Fetherston Sir Phillip Butler Sir Henry Caesar

Sir John Gore Sir Rowland Litton Sir Henry Coningsby Sir Broket Spencer Sir Richard Combes [Sir1] Thomas Dacres Mr: Poulter Mr. William Willoughby Mr. Graveley Norton Mr Needham Mr William Glascock

MT Coppin Mf John Cotton Mr Ralph Gore Mr. Edward Brograve Mr Edward Cason MT Henry Beecher Mr Thomas Stanley Mr Thomas Dockwray Mr John Heydon Mr Robert Austin Mr William Hales Mr Arthur Sparks Mr John Fetherley Mr Maurice Rawden Mr John Jesson Mr James Wilmot DoSor Harris Mr Edward Atkins Mr Ralph Freeman junior Mr William Cedll Mr Algernon Cedi Mr Richard Jennings M' Edward Feild Mr Edward Smith Mr Robert Sadler Mr Erasmus Harby Sir John Wats Sir Francis Butler Mr Ralph Freeman senior Sir John Hales Sir Henry Blount Mr George Blombley Mr Saunders Mead Mr Edward Briscoe

Burrough of S* Albans

For the Burrough of S* Albans Sir Harbottle Grimstone Sir Henry Coningsby Sir Richard Combes, The Maior of the Towne for the time being Mr Edward Haynes Mr Thomas Cawley Mr William Marstone Mr Edmond Smith Mr Thomas Dockwray Mr Robert Sadler Mr Richard Jennings Doctor Arris Mr Thomas Oxton Mr John Jesson Mr Alban Cox Mr John Briscoe Mr Charles Chamberlaine Mr Edward Eames Mr Algernon Cedi Mr Joshua Lomox.

Huntington.

For the County of Huntington Robert Viscount Mandevile Edward Mountague Francis Compton Esquires Sir Thomas Cotten Sir John Hewet Baronets Sir Robert Bernard Knight John Cotton John Stone Henry Williams Robert Appreece John Bernard Richard Elmes Nicholas Pedley Lawrence Throckington Lionel Walden John Heron Jasper Trice William Bradley Robert Payne Anthony South John Farrer Esquires Mr Richard Nayler Mr Thomas Colstone.

Town of Huntington

For the Towne of Huntington Sir Robert Bernard Nicholas Pedley Lionel Walden Lawrence Throckington Esquires Richard Weaver Thomas Ashton Thomas Judson Aldermen Richard Astrey Gent.

Kent.

For the County of Kent Lord Buckhurst Lord Stranghford Sir Thomas Twisden one of the Jusdces of the Kings Bench David Pothel Esquire High Sheriff Sir Thomas Peyton Sir Roger Twisden Sir Edward Hales Sir Edward Monins Sir Henry Palmer Baronets Sir John Tufton Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Styles Sir Edward Deering Sir Oliver Botler Sir Richard Hardress Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Norton Knatchbull Baronets Sir John Reyney Sir Thomas Peirce Sir William Wilde Sir John Rivers Sir Francis Vincent Sir Stephen Lemard Sir Robert Austin Sir John Seliard Sir Humphrey Millar Sir John Wroth Sir William Leech Baronets Sir George Sands Knight of the Bath Sir John Mennes Sir Anthony Aucher Sir William Man Sir Walter Vane Sir John Darell Sir John Boys Sir Edward Felmer Sir William Batten Sir Thomas Culpeper senior Sir Francis Clarke Sir Arnold Braems Sir Theophilus Biddulph Sir John Marsham Sir Edward Master Sir William Hugeson Sir William Boreman Sir Richard Sandys Sir Thomas Godfrey Sir William Meredith Sir Bernard Hyde Sir William Swan Sir Edmund Peirce Sir Anthony Bateman Knights Walter Franklin Esquire John Heath Attorney of the Dutchy of Lancaster Robert Bameham Herbert Kendal John Scot Thomas Lambert Philip Packer George Bournham George Polehill John Evelyn Henry Gilbome Robert Heath Francis Heath John Seyl[i' ]ard John Hyde John Culpeper Norton Curtis William Leonard William Swan of Southfleete Henry Washington Thomas Crispe Maximilian Dallison Francis Lovelace Recorder of the City of Canterbury William Boys Samuel Boys William Buggins Richard Amhurst Richard Head Thomas Culpeper of Bedgbury George Newman Richard Duke Thomas Fludd John Munn Edward Finch Thomas Hinman Thomas Lake John Horsmanden Maurice Diggs James Brockman John Best Thomas Hardres John Boys of Fretvel Thomas Peake Richard Masters Anthony Foule Richard Hulse Richard Marsh William Rooke Thomas Broadnax. Nicholas Toke senior Robert Lewkenor Henry Thornehill Zouch Brockman John Boys of Hoad Alablaster Flud Thomas Knatchbull Ralph Buskin John Smith Esquires George Curtis William Maddox Doctor Mason Master of Requests John Trouts Peter Heyman Francis Twisden Richard Manley Francis Barrel Thomas Brewer George May Thomas Manley Christopher Allanson Peter Pett George Woodyer Robert Oliver Edward Wyat John Knatchbull Francis Barrel James Newman Robert Davell of Quekes Henry Petit John Cason John Austin James Fortree Stephen Alwise Robert Fowler Esquires Herbert Randall.

1 interlined on the Roll. • Mr 0.

A.D.\66\.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3

333

s

Canterbury.

Tor the City of Canterbury The*Maior for the time being Francis Lovelace Recorder Sit William Man Sir Edward Master Thomas Peake Esquire William Stanly and Henry Twiman Aldermen.

Dover.

For the Town and Port of Dover The Maior for the time being, Captain Jacob Michael Eaton Captain West Mt Matson.

Sandwich

For the Town and Port of Sandwich The Maior for the time being Tobias Cleer John Verier Jeoffry WeBt Jeoffry Sackett James Thurbane

Rumney.

For the Towne and Port of Rumney The Maior for the time being Robert Wivell Jeremy Standford Stephen Bret Thomas Chalcroft.

Hith.

For the Towne and Port of Hith The Maior for the time being Mr Finch James Pashley.

Feversham.

For the Towne and Port of Feversham The Maior for the time being John Trouts John Upton Robert Watson.

Maidstone.

For the Towne of Maidstone The Maior for the time being The Maior of Gravesend for the time being The Maior of Queenburrough for the time being The Maior of Tenterdon for the time being The Bailiff for the Towne of Lid for for the time being Richard Allen Recorder of Rochester Captaine Cox Thomas Brett Godfrey Martin.

Lancaster.

For the County of Lancaster Charles Earle of Ancram Edward Stanley William Stanley William Spencer Esquires Sir Richard Hoghton Sir George Midleton Sir Robert Bindlos Sir Edward Moseley Baronets Sir Roger Bradshaigh Knight John Molineux Richard Kirekby Roger Nowell Edward Fleetwood Henry Banister William Farrington Edward Rigby Hugh Dickenson William Radley Esquires Sir Ralph Ashton of Whaley Baronett Robert Holt of Castleton Lawrence Rawstome Nicholas Townley of Royle Thomas Preston Nathaniel West John Girlington Robert Rawlinson Jeoffery Rishton Doctor of Phisick John Parker of Extwisle Nicholas Banister Alexander Osbaldeston Thomas Holt Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet Richard Standish Alexander Rigby of Middleton Richard Pennington Thomas Norres Richard Leigh John Lightbowne Alexander Rigby of Layton Richard Fleetwood of Russal Thomas Butler of Kirkeland Sir Gilbert Ireland Knight Thomas Bradal Esquire John Townley of Hurstwood Gent Christopher Barker Esquire John Hal steed of Bankhouse Gens Nicholas Moseley John Byrom Robert Heywood James Duckenfeiid Peers Leigh John Entwisley Cuthbert Ogle John Risley Bartholomew Hesketh Sir Henry Slayter Knight Henry Hoghtoo William Banks junior Esquires Nicholas Fezakirly Gen? Captain Byrom Captain Ashton of Peicketh Henry Porter George Hutton William Fyffe Thomas Carus Thomas Greenhalgh Esquires Roger Kenyon James Hodgkinson William Turner Gentlemen The Maior of Lancaster for the time being Richard Fleetwood John Aynsworth of Plesington William Wall William Hodgkinson Gentlemen Captain Brabine Seth [Backhurst1] Gen? Captaine Longworth Robert Heywood Esquire Nicholas Pennington Gen? The Maior of Leverpoole for the time being Alexander Woodward Gen? Luke Hodgkinson

Leicester

For the County and Town of Leicester Lord Beaumont Lord [Gerrard*] John Lord Roos Beamont Dixy Esquire George Faunt Esquire Sir George Villiers Baronet Sir Charles Sudley Baronet Sir Woolstan Dixy Baronet Sir Thomas Smith Sir John Pettyman Sir Henry Hudson Sir Edward Smith Baronets Sir Erasmus De la Fountaine Sir John Cave junior Sir William Hartop Knightf Thomas Merry Richard Lister William Whaley Mathew Babington John De la Fountaine Esquires Sir John Hartop Baronet James Winstanley Esquire Sir Clement Clarke Baronet Philip Sherard William Street John Orton John Cave William Boothby Theophilus Cave John Morton junior George Pochin Thomas Brudnell William [Sheffington1} Richard Roberts John Turvil Thomas Bradgate Everard Goodman Thomas Caldecote William Robertf Edward Arnold Henry Bigland Thomas Staveley John Chamberlain John Mitton William Bent John Danvers John Needham Walter Bracy Hood Needham Christopher Bradgate Samuel

Gervase Esquires.

Leicester Towne

For the Towne of Leicester Henry Hungate Esquire Daniel Deacon Thomas Overing Gen? Edward Browne William Major Thomas Browne George Resin Gen? Walter Rydings Esquire John Clerke Gen? Edmond Sutton Gen?.

4 Q

934

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3

A.D. 16€1.

Lincoln

For the- County of Lincolne and City and County of the same George Viscount Gastleton John Lord Ross Robert Lord Willoughby Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath William Peirpoint Esquire Sir Philip Tirwhit Sir John Mounson Sir Thomas Hussey Sir Thomas Williamson Sir Michael Armin Sir Robert Bowles Sir John Brownlowe Sir William Brownlow [Sir William Tirill Sir1] Richard Earle Sir William Hickman Sir Robert Markham Sir William Trollop Sir William Wray Sir Charles Hussey Sir Thomas Ellis Sir Robert Dallison Sir John Buck Sir Edward Barker Sir Anthony Oldfeild Sh* * John Anderson Sir Richard Rothwell Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Edward Lake Southcoate Baronets Sir John Mounson junior Sir Adrian Scroope Sir Henry Heron Knights of the Bath Sir Anthony Irby Sir Martin Lister Sir John Wallpool Sir Edward Rosseter Sir Sutten Cony Sir Edward Aiscue

Charles Dallison Sir Thomas Meers Sir Edward Dymock Sir Christopher Clapham Knightf Philip Tirwhit Robert Car Richard Brownlow John Bowles John Newton William Whitchcot William Skipwith Charles Pelham senior Charles Pelham junior Charles Hall Cecil Tirwit Edward Maddison William Marwood Marmaduke Darrell Francis Goodrick William Bard Jervas Holies Master of Requestf Robert Christopher George Sherwood Anthony Thorold John Shernurd Thomas Hatcher Robert Peirpoint George Mountague William Mountague William Stafford Christopher Nevil Erasmus de Ligne Thomas Ellis John Hatcher Redman Burrel Edward King William Blith Charles Dymock John White Mollineux Disney John Teigh Francis Wingfeild William Hyde Charles Halford John Saunders Francis Hatcher William Savil Edward Skipwith Thomas Welby Thomas Rands Charles Bawdy William Welby Richard Shernurd John Jay Adam Claypool John Booth George Booth Thomas Ogle Atland Welby Thomas Hall Richard Coney Lewis Palmer John Hobson John Empson Mathew Woolmer Thomas Roulton Anthony Oldfeild John Lockton Henry Burwell Esquires Anthony Hall Thomas Thory Henry Stone Thomas Petchell Thomas Key John Palmer George Cabom Thomas Browne Matthias Brown Toller George Slee William Yorke

Charles Radley Heely William Lister John Elmore Richard Williams Anthony Tredway William

Broxholm Thomas Harrington Anthony Weberley Stephen Rothwell Mr Long of Kirkby William Perkins

Doctor Denham Doctor Edward Stourton Mr Miller Marmaduke Darel junior Samuel Jackson Eastoft

Charles Bishop Esquire Thomas Welcome William Fitz williams John Wilson John Dymock John Farmery John Tilson Austin Coldom Robert Coldom William Rivet William Thornton Edward Rothwei James Ashton Thomas Audley Robert Snouton Anthony Gibbon John Luddington Henry Fynes Esquire Lionell Hollingworth The Maiors of Lincoln Boston and Grimsby for the time being The Aldermen of Grantham and Stamford for the time being Henry Morley [ *] of Sutton William Bishop Edward Blow Mr Keyte Mr Rosse Alderman William Hall William

Woolley Joseph Whitinge Richard Butcher Luke Blythe Daniel Thorowgood John Balgay George Hill John Palmer John Mason Mr (3) Robinson Richard Walley Henry Gedney Leonard Town William Town William Gamon Robert Humphrey Poplewell Robert Meldley Robert Bisle Richard Balder Thomas Milles Thomas Grant Andrew Pool Symon Dagg Esquire William Darwin Esquire Samuel Ludding

Middlesex.

For the County of Middlesex Sir Edward Turner Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons Henry Viscount Comebury Sir Edward Nicholas Principal Secretary of State Sir Harbottle Grimstone Baronet Master of the Rolls Edward Russell George Mountague James Sheiffeild Edward Noell William Pagett Esquires John Ashbumham Esquire Daniel Oneale Sileus Titus of his Majesties Bedchamber William Ashbumham Cofferer of his Majesties Household Sir John Glynn Sir John Maynard his Majesties Serjeantf at Lawe Sir Heneage Finch Baronet His Majesties Sollicker General Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Thomas Fisher Sir Richard Browne Sir Jeremy Whitchcot Sir John Robinson Leiutennant of the Tower Sir Richard Francklin Knight and Baronet Sir William Robertf the younger Sir Joseph Ash Baronetf Sir Thomas Draper Baronet Sir Charles Corowalles Sir John Nicholas Sir Robert Atkins Sir John Bennet Knightf of the Honorable Order of the Bath Sir Henry Bennet Sir Henry Herbert Sir Thomas Ingram Sir Thomas Reypell Sir Thomas Allen Sir Edmond [Bower4] Sir Thomas Rowe Sir William Waller Sir Christopher Abdy Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir George Benion Sir Henry Wroth Sir William Bateman Sir Francis Gerrard Sir Philip Warwicke Sir Allen Broderick Sir Gilbert Gerard Sir Thomas Bide Humphrey Weld Mr William Sandys John Cary Charles Chaney Henry Mildmay Thomas Allen John Maynard Christopher Abdy Ralph Hawtrey Nicholas Rawton George Pitt Henry Rowe Francis Philips Richard Peacock Richard Proctor John Hutchinson John Hawtrey Edwin Rich Edward Rich Giles Hungerford Joseph Ayliffe of Grayes lime Francis Crawley Edward Chard John Jones John Wentworth William Megg Robert Peyton John Page Richard Powell senior John Goldsmith Michael Holeman John May Daniel Proffer John Smith Charles Pitfeild John May Esquires Sir Thomas Player junior Thomas Henshawe Robert Page William Page Francis Blower Thomas Collett John Greene Ralph Hatsell William Goldesbrough James Norfolk Esquires John Wilford William Bowler John Rives Nathaniel Snape Thomas Beverley Thomas Lane John Browne Richard Cheyney James Hawley William Gepry Benjamin Baron Robert Bladwell Thomas Bayles Edward Shelton Esquires Sir Lancelot Lake Knight Thomas Lake of Cannons Esquire Henry Haughton Esquire Sir Thomas Littleton Richard Adams William Glascock Edward Smith Esquires.

London.

For the City of London Sir John Frederick Lord Maior Sir Thomas Adams Sir Richard Browne Sir Thomas Allen Knightf & Baronets and Aldermen of the said City Sir John Robinson Knight and Baronet Leiutenant of the Tower of London Alderman, Alderman Fowke Alderman Chiverton Sir John Laurence Alderman Sir Anthony

1 interlined on the Roll. • The Roll is illegible here, but it is " Baulder" in the Original Act.

* Blank in Original. * Bowyer O.

A.D. 1661.

13.° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3.

335

Bateman Alderman Alderman Warner Alderman Peake Sir Richard Ford Alderman Alderman Chard Alderman Fisher Alderman Culling Alderman Bathurst Alderman Meynell Alderman Sterling Sheriff? Alderman Bolton Deputy Nodes Sir William Tomson Sir Theophilus Bidolph Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet Sir William Wale Sir Thomas Chamberlain? Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir G?orge Smith Sir Lawrence Bromfeild Sir Abraham Cullin Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir William Bateman Sir Andrew King Sir John Shaw Sir William Gardiner Knights John Jolliff Thomas Turgis John Jones Henry Dunster Thomas Gower John Saunders Colonel Trussell Thomas King Esquires Richard Mills Treasurer of S1 Bartholomews Hospital John Pory Esquire Thomas Cannam Colonel Nevil Colonel Claget Collonel Allot Deputy Thomas Minn Deputy Robert Hanson Deputy Humphrey Cliff Robert Bidolph Thomas The Thomas Fearle Nicholas Penning Peter Mills Lawrence Blomiey Henry Hanson Deputy Thomas Clowes Deputy Ailmer Richard Spencer Benjamin Albin John Sharpe Abraham Johnson Gentlemen.

Westminster.

For the City and Liberties of W&tminster and S‘ Martins le Grand Sir George Cartwright Vice Chamberlaine to his Majesde Sir Charles Berkley Comptroller of his Majesties Household Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Howard Sir John Denham Knight of the Bath Sir William Throckmorton Knight Marshall Sir William Playters Knight and Baronett Sir Gilbert Gerard of S* Martins in the Feilds Knight Sir Philip Warwick Sir Richard Everard Sir Edmond Pye Knights Sir Thomas Littleton Sir John Pettus Baronet Sir Robert Bowles Sir Edward Ford Sir Hugh Cartwright Sir Anthony Irby Sir Edward Broughton Sir Thomas Clarges Knight? Colonel William Howard George Mountague John Ashbumham William Ashbumham John Cotton Alexander Popham Thomas Morton William Legg Reynold Graham John Harvey Esq^ Simon Smith Charles Whitaker William Glascock Edward Penrudduck Richard Atkins Thomas Coppin Thomas Fisher Richard Newman William Hoare Doctor of Phisick John Clarke Doctor of Phisick George Farewell Walter Bridal Richard Adams William Bell Esquires Samuel Argal Doctor of Phisick Brian Bamaby George Plucknet Thomas Stevens Thomas Edwards William Dolben Francis Dorington Robert Mawer Rice Hamond William Gape Thomas Morris George Cooper Walter Lapp Robert Bradbury John Porey William Newington John Hammond Philip Hanbury Richard Stanlake Edmund Bury Godfrey George Merrifeild Job Williams George Greens Sir Edward Wingfeild William Sandys John Fox Esquires,

Monmouth.

For the County of Monmouth Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland William Lord Herbert of Cardaffe Sir Edward Morgan Sir Trever Williams Sir Thomas Morgan Baronets Sir George Probert Sir Baynham Throckmorton Knights Thomas Morgan of Tredegar William Morgan of the same William Jones of Treowen Edmond Morgan Harry Proberts Thomas Lewis of S* Peen William Morgan of Pencrick Thomas Hughes Thomas Morgan of Lanfore Charles Hughes Charles Van of Coldrey Charles Proger Herbert William Herbert William Jones Edmond Jones Lewis Morgan Henry Morgan of Penlloyne Searth Roger Oates Edward Kemis of Bertholey Roger Williams Henry Chambers William Jones of Tregirong Philip Cicill John Parry James Prichard of Campson Esquires George Morgan of Pullhead Gentleman Christopher Perkins Thomas Williams of Carlion Esquire Walter Morgan of Landilo Walter Rumsey Esquire Hugh Lewis Esquire The Maior of the Towne of Monmouth for the time being John Rumsey Gens William William Gens John Walter Esquire Roger Audey Gens.

Norfolke

For the County of Norfolk Sir Edward Turner Speaker of the House of Commons Thomas Lord Richardson Sir John Tracy Sir Charles Comwalles Sir Edmond Bacon Sir Philip Woodhouse Sir Charles Mordant Sir John Hobart Sir Richard Bemey Sir Edward Barkham Sir Nicholas le Estrange Sir John Holland Sir William Paston Sir John Palgrave Sir Ralph Hare Sir John Pott? Sir Robert Kempe Sir Jacob Ashley Sir Edward Ward Sir Thomas Deareham Baronet? Sir John Knivet Sir Edward Walpoole Sir Christopher Calthorpe Knight? of the Bath Sir Charles Herbert Sir William Doyley Sir Thomas Guibon Sir Robert Paston Sir William Hovel Sir Thomas Rant Sir Thomas Meadowe Sir John Creamer Sir William Hewit Sir Joseph Paine Sir Justinian Lewin Sir Allen Apseley Knight? John Cooke John Spelman James de Gray Robert Gawsell Thomas le Crosse John Windham Edward Barkham Augustine Palgrave John Pott? William Doyly William Gibbon Roger Spelman Erasmus Earle Serjeant at Lawe William Gaudy Philip Harbord Maurice Shelton Peter Glean But? Bacon Robert Buxton Thomas Gaudy Thomas Bemey William Crane Robert Yallop William Cooke Thomas Barker Henry Repps Oliver Neave Phillip Beddingfeild Robert Suckling Humphrey Beddingfeild [[Thomas Bacon1] Francis Bacon*] Robert Long Robert Balddock Robert Steward Edward Pepys Nevil Catline John Earle Francis Cory Suckling Gay Leonard Shapes Thomas Cory Christopher Jay John Kendall John Shadwel Lawrence Oxburgh Robert Canny Richard Godfrey John Anguish William Barnes Anthony Frestone William Brampton Edward Barber Nicholas Rookewood Nicholas Stileman Thomas Talbot Jacob Preston Robert Haughton Anthony Drury Robert Drury Thomas Drury Bassingbora Gaudy Charles Gaudy William Davis of ElKngham Edmond Skipwith James Long Nathaniel Knivet Edmond Brittiff Simon Brittiff Edward Denny William Rant John Lovel Edward Chamberlaine William Nixon Thomas Write of Kilverston Thomas Write of Opington Edmond de Gray Thomas Townshend William Cooke senior Robert London John Bladwel le Estrange Calthorpe Thomas Dey Robert [Keldington*] Robert Tirrell of Wilton Francis Thirsby Thomas Lilly Samuel Smith Samuel Harsenet Leonard Gooch Mr Scarborough Thomas Browne of Elsing.

336

13° Car. II. St&t. c. 3.

A.D. 1661

Burrough of Kings Linn

For the Burrough of Kings Linn The Maior for the time being Robert Steward Recorder Walter Kirby John Basset Thomas Greene John Bird Benjamin Holly Henry Bell William Wharton Robert Thorowgood Thomas Robinson Aldermen.

Burrough of Great Yarmouth

For the Burrough of Great Yarmouth The Bailifff for the time being Jeoffry Ward Abraham Castle Sir Thomas Meadow Nicholas Cutting James Symonds Thomas Cooch George England John Woodroff Nathaniel Ashby. James Johnson Thomas Lucas Mr Rowe.

Burrough of Thetford.

For the Burrough of Thetford The Maior for the time being Sir Allen Apseley Knight William Gaudy Morris Shelton Esquires Burrage Martin Osmond Clarke John Kendal Robert Tyrrel Edmond Hunt.

City of Norwich.

For the City and County of the City of Norwich The Maior for the time being Sir Joseph Paine Knight Francis Cory Esquire Recorder William Wats Esquire Steward Henry Wats Edmond Boreman John Bayley Bernard Church William Bamham John Man Thomas Toft John Salter Christopher Jay John Hobart John Osborn Francis Bacon Thomas Bacon John Earle Esquire The Sheriff for the time being Thomas Cory Esquire Edward Chamberlain John Norris Esquire John Crosshold Matthias Sutterton Richard Wenman Robert Homes William Hayward Augustine Briggs Thomas Wisse Robert Bendish Richard Cowldham Francis Norris Aldermen Edmond Cock John Richers John Manser Henry Woods William Trundel Henry Heme.

Northampton.

For the County of Northampton Obrian Lord Cullen Charles Lord de le Spencer George Mountague Henry Howard Robert Spencer William Mountague Esquires Sir Thomas Crew Knight Edward Mountague Esquire Sir Justinian Isham Sir Thomas Cave Sir Roger Norwich Sir Henry Yelverton Sir Samuel Danvers Sir William Dudley Sir George Buswel Sir Oliver Sl John Sir John Robinson Baronetf Sir Edward Griffin Sir John Egerton Sir Samuel Jones Sir John Bernard Knightf Richard Rainsford Serjeant at Law Lewis Palmer William Stafford George Clarke Richard Samwel Henry Robinson Francis Lane Maurice Tressham Edward Palmer Philip Holman William Downhall Humphrey Orme George Tressam Edward Onely William Adams Richard Kinsman Miles Fleetwood God ward Pemberton Thomas Chubnal John Syers William Tate Francis Crane Robert Clarke Bryan Janson John Willoby John Rye William Lisle Samuel Trist George Ashby John Browne Nicholas Steward Thomas Elmes John Lyn Walter Kirkham Christopher Thursby Thomas Dove Thomas Blincoe Robert Pargiter Edward Death John Delaval Esquires Francis Kirkham Esquire The Maior of Northampton for the time being Thomas Thornton Jonathan Whishton Edward Colles Hatton Farmer.

Northumberland

For the County of Northumberland Henry Lord Viscount Mansfeild Thomas Grey of Chillingham Ralph Grey of Chevington Esquires Sir William Fenwick Baronet Edward Widdrington of Felton Esquire Sir Ralph de Laval Baronet Sir Thomas Widdrington Sir Robert Collingwood Sir William Forster Sir Francis Liddel Sir Henry Widdrington of Blacke Heddon Knightf Edward Gray of Heaton Robert de Laval Cuthbert Hearon James Ogle Ralph Gray of Bradford Hugh Potter Thomas Forster of Ederston William Struther of Kirk Newton Mark Milbank Sheriff William Widdrington Ralph Hebron Gilbert Swino John Salkeild William Fenwick of Bywel Robert Shafto of Benwel John Clarke Robert Widrington of Auxley Ralph Jenison of Elswick Richard Stots of Gesmond John Roddum Thomas Benwick of Closehouse Ralph Anderson of Ovingun Ralph Battf of Hollawel Esquires John Ridley of Hardrideing Nicholas Whitehead of Flatworth William Warren of Chillingham Gentlemen The Bailiffes of the Burrough of Morpeth* for the time being.

Berwick.

For the Town of Berwick upon Tweed Benjamin Clarke Esq> Maior Sir Thomas Widdrington Colonel Edward Grey John Sleigh Thomas Watson Ralph Hebbum Andrew Moor Esquires Mark Scot James Scot Mark Armorer Barrow Morton (*) Caterel George Harrison senior Robert Scot William Anderson James Ord Gent

Nottingham.

For the County of Nottingham Henry Lord Viscount Mansfeild Gilbert Lord Houghton Patrick Lord Chaworth William Peirpoint Arthur Stanhope William Willoughby Anshatell Grey Esquires Sir Gervas Clifton Sir George Saveli Sir Francis Mullineux Sir Thomas Williamson Sir William Hickman Sir Hardolph Wastneys Baronetf Clifford Clifton Robert Peirpoint Anthony Eyre Henry Sacheveril William Willoughby Esquires Sir John Digby Knight Cidll Cooper Francis Leeke William Stanhope Philip Leacock William Clarkson Robert Butler Thomas Charlton William Cartwright John Moseley Esquires Sir Ralph Knight [Knta] Rowland Dand Rutland Mullineux Francis Stringer Francis

13° Car. II. Stat.2. c.3.

337

Sandys John Grubham How Esquires William Herbert Esquire John Rainer William Skevington Peneston Whalley AGton Burnell Thomas Wawen Robert Mellish William Savil Rayson Mellish William Childers James Lane William Leeke William Braisford John Crosse George Camm William Sampson Thomas Smith John Hickman John Cartwright William Booth George Booth George Coles Henry Halfehead John Darrell Mathew Jenison The Baihfff of East Retford for the time being The Maior of Newarke for the time being.

Oxford

For the County of Oxford Henry Lord Viscount Falkland Thomas Earl of Down Thomas Lord Viscount Wenman Sir Anthony Cope Sir Thomas Spencer Sir Francis Henry Lea Sir Thomas Peniston Sir Thomas Chamberlain Sir William Walter Sir William Fleetwood Sr. William Morton Sir Timothy Tyrril Sir Thomas Hord Sir Francis Norris Sir Henry Jones Sir Edmond Bray Sir John Robinson Sir John Clarke Sir Thomas Tipping Sir Francis Wenman Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir Compton Read Sir George Croke Sir John Fetdplace Sir Thomas Clayton James Fienns Broom Whorwood Robert Dormer David Walter Rowland Lacy William Dormer Edmond Lenthall William Cope Thomas Hord George Bury William Knollis William Cartwright William Draper John Clarke William Barber John Taverner Thomas Cobb William Ganock John Osbaldeston George Chamberlain Littleton Osbaldeston Charles Holloway Serjeant at Law John Doyly Vincent Barrie William Sheppard Richard Croke Anthony Libb William Wheat Thomas Saunders Robert Parrot Esquires John Wickham William Wright John Machen Gentlemen Sir Philip Harcourt.

City of Oxford.

For the City of Oxford The Maior for the time being The Lord Viscount Falkland Sir Anthony Cope Baronet Sir Thomas Clayton Knight Broon Whqrwood Esquire Richard Croke Esquire Recorder James Huxley George Lowe Esquires Francis Harris Martin Wright John Nixon Thomas Dennis William Wright Aldermen Sir Sampson White Knight Leonard Bowman Gentleman Henry Silvester Walter Cave Mathew Langley Richard Miller John Lamb William Baily Roger Griffin Robert Whorwood John White.

Rutland

For the County of Rutland Bennett Ix>rd Sherard Edward [Noe '] Philip Sherard Esquires Sir Thomas Mackworth Baronet Sir Edward Heath Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Wingfeild Sir Edward Wingfeild Sir Francis Mackworth Sir Eusebeus Pelsunt Knightf Alexander Noel Christopher Browne Samuel Browne Abel Barker Edward Falkener Esquires.

Salop

For the County of Salop William Peirpoint Andrew Newport Esquires Sir Thomas Harris Sir Thomas Woolrich Sir William Whitmcflre Sir Francis Lawley Sir Walter Acton Sir Henry Frederick Thinn Sir Vincent Corbet Sir Thomas Littleton Sir Henry Vernon Baronets Sir Thomas Whitmore Knight of the Bath Sir William Owen Sir Richard Prince Sir John Weld Sir Richard Otley Sir Clement Throckmorton Sir William Child Knightf Job Charlton Timothy Littleton Serjeants at Law William Fowler Timothy Tourneur Philip Eaton Richard Scriven Francis Thorne James Lacon Robert Sandford Roger Kynaston [Thomas Baldwin Robert Lighton Philip Prince Richard Lister Edward Kynaston1] Samuel Wringfeild Thomas Whitmore George Weld Robert Berry George Ludlow Thomas Rock Charles Baldwin Edward Baldwin Thomas Jones Samuel Baldwin Robert Charlton Henry Barnard Thomas Powis Thomas Kettleby William Jones Robert Corbett of Hall Hussey Thomas Holland John Cotes William Oakely Edmund Waring of Ouldbury Sommerset Fox Richard Fowler John Walcot Thomas Walcot Adam Otley Robert Cresset Thomas [Crimpe1] John Cole Francis Charlton Thomas Higgons Robert Owen Edward Powell Edward Loyd of Lanvarda Thomas Loyd Thomas Lockyer Thomas Smalman John Lacon Thomas Lochard John Kynaston WO: Owen of Perkington John Newton Thomas Kinersley of Badger William Cotton Richard Mitton Rowland HOI Vincent Edwards Thomas Acton Goodricke of Plash Thomas Harris of Cruckton The Maior of the

Town of Shrewsbury for the time being The Bailiffs of Bridgnorth Ludlow Wenlock and Bishops Castle for the time being Andrew HOI Francis Smith Richard Walker John Whitaker Thomas Hayes Richard Clarke Andrew Vivers Robert Forster Richard Tayler John Harding Arthur Hincks John Baugh Edward Woolaston Alexander Middleton Samuel Loyd Edward Richards Richard Davis of Ludlow Roger Gough Benjamin Buckley Somerset Hall Robert Betton Thomas Jones of Sheet Richard Charlton WOliam Bowdler Richard Hosier Francis Hinckf Captain Philip Jennings Henry Sprot Esquire.

Somersett.

For the County of Somersett Lord Hawley Francis Pawlett Sir Thomas Mallet one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir William Portman Sir John Sidenham Sir Maurice Berkley Sir Hugh Smith Baronetf Sir John Stowell Sir John Coventrey [Knight4] of the Bath Sir Henry Berkley Sir Thomas Bridges Sir John War Sir George Norton Sir Geoige Farmer Sir William Basset Sir Hugh Windham Knightf Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir William Windham Baronet Alexander Popham Edward Phelips Edmond Windham George Speake Francis Luterell John Mallet Henry Rogers Peregrine Palmer Samuel Gorges William Hellier of Cother Francis Windham William Prynne William Waldron Edward Berkley William Ball Thomas War John Hippes^ey Thomas Piggot John Buckland Francis Roll Charles Pirn Edward Court John Churchhill John Harrington Thomas White William Doble Henry Bull William Carrant George Trevillian Francis Baber Richard Jones William Lacy Geoige Stawell

•Vol. V.

4R

33$

13° Car. II. Stat.2. c. 3.

A.DM6X.

}oti$. Xyut Warwick Bwnfdld George Sydenham Robert Hunt Michael Mallet Robert Hawley Anthony Pawiet Roger Bourne Henry Light John Harbin Edward Bampfeild John Moor Angell Grey John S*. Albans Hugh Tyat Hugh Norris William Speake Henry Walrond John Winter William Bacon John Cridland William Harbord John Hall Roger Newborough Maudley Sambome Thomas Mallett Thomas Trevillian Francis Vaughan John Hody Edward Philips junior Esquires And for the City of Wells and the Towns of Bridgewater Chard and Taunton the respective Maiors for the time being.

Bristoll

For the City and County of the City of Bristoll The Maior of the City for the time being Thomas Earle of Ossory Sir Humphrey Hooke Knight Nathaniel Cale John Lock Alexander James John Gunning Richard Baltpam Henry Creswick William Colston William Fitzherbert Walter Sandy John Knight the elder Esquires The Sheriffes of the s^id City for the tjme being Thomas Stevens John Hicks Richard Grigson Robert Cann John Pope John Lawford Robert Vickris John Knight the Younger Thomas Langton John Bradway Robert Yeomans Richard Streamer William Cole Henry Gough John Floyd John Fitzherbert.

Bath

For the City of Bath The Maior Recorder and the two andentest Aldermen of the said City for the tifhe being John Pearce John Chapman John [Brish1] John Fisher.

Southampton.

For the County of Southampton Charles Lord S* John of Basing Henry Lord Pawlet Sir Robert Howard Sir Henry Woreley Sir John Mills Sir John Norton Sir William Lewis Sir Hugh Stewkley Sir William Menx Sir Richard Lucy Sir Nicholas Steward Sir Andrew Henley Sir Thomas Bad Sir John Trot Sir Robert Dillington Baronets Sir Humphrey Bennet Sir John Leigh Sir Richard Uvedal Sir Richard Kingsmil Sir Robert Mason Knights Richard Norton Richard Goddard of Winton Lawrence Hide Richard Whitehead Henry Wallop John Button John Bulkeley Thomas Knollis William Oglander Robert Dillington John Collins Thomas Jervoyse John Richards Henry Whitehead Edward Trussell George Pit Thomas Brook Leonard Bilson Francis Rolle John Hooke Thomas Cole Edward Goddard Philip Leigh James May Richard Compton Benjamin Ruddiard Giles Hungerford Francis Rivet Roger Gallop Francis Tilney John Lloyd Henry Bromfeild William Pitt Arthur Bold William Collins Edward Norton Daniel Norton John Wolveridge Edward Exton William Stanley Robert Richbill William Wither John Worsley senior Edward Worsley Edward Hooper of Chilworth Edward Hooper of Pairtree Edward Fleming Francis Dickins Francis Leigh John Stewkley Bartholomew Price Nicholas Bowell Henry [Tulfe1] William [Tulfe1] Thomas Edmonds Robert Oxenbridge Robert Gosse Richard Love Essex Paulet Thomas Feilder Gabriel Whistler Anthony Yalden Thomas Newnham Esquires John Dean John Oglander William Wall John Dingley Thomas Mason Richard Ailliff Thomas Higgons Edward Hide Bartholomew Smith John Smith Esquires Peter Clungeon William Horn Thomas Cornelius James plungeon Joseph De la Moat Nicholas Clement Gentlemen The Maior of Winton The Maior of Southampton The Maior of Portsmouth The Maior of Newport The Maior of Basingstoake The Bailiff of Andover for the time being Edward Downs Thomas Brooke Esquire.

Stafford

For the County of Stafford Sir Thomas Leigh Knight Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Edward Bagot Sir Edward Litdeton Sir Charles Wolseley Sir Francis Lawley Sir Walter Wrotesley Sir Cesar Colclough Baronets Sir John Bowyer Knight and Baronet Sir Brian Broughton Knight and Baronett Sir John Broomfeild Baronet Sir Charles Egerton Sir John Wyrley Sir Theophilus Biddolph Sir Thomas Whitgrave Knights Henry Gray William Sneyd John Skrimsher for3] Norbury Gerard Skrimsher of Aquilat Randal Egerton Walter Chetwind junior George Digby Edward Mainwaring John Lane Broom Whorwood Robert Levingston Robert Milward William Chetwind Charles Cotton Rowland Cotton Henry Archbold John Shilton Amos Walrond John Whitehall John Peirsehouse Henry Vernon Anthony Dyott Rowland Okeover Jonathan Cope Thomas Kinnersley George Parker William Orm John Swinfem Edward Broughton Walter Grosvenor Walter Fowler junior Thomas Villars and Daniel Watson Esquires Samuel Terrick John Colclough Timothy Edge Thomas Palmer and Thomas Bagnal Gentlemen Walter Littleton Doctor of the Lawes Samuel Hinton Doctor of the Lawes Francis Whitwick Edward Morton senior Richard Congrave Jonathan Woodnanth Edward Arablaster Thomas Whitby Esquires William Farmer Richard Bracegirdle Thomas Rugeley John Gough Gentlemen William Whitby Esquire Thomas Scot Leicester Barbour Gentlemen The Bayliffs of Tamworth for the time being.

Lichfeild

For the City and County of the City of Litchfeild The Bailiffs for the time being Michael Biddulpb Anthony Dyot John HiU Henry Archbold Esquires Thomas Caterbank Gentleman Jeoffry Glasier Gentleman.

Suffolk.

For the County of Sufiblke Sir Dudley North Sir Charles Cornwallis Sir Nicholas Bacon Sir John Knivet Knights of the Bath Walter Devereux Esquire Sir Edmund Bacon Sir Lionel Tolmache Sir Henry Felton Sir John Barker Sir Robert Kempe Sir John Castfeton Sir William Spring Sir Henry Bacon Sir Henry North Sir Gervas Ehryer

• Bish 0.

5 Tube 0.

•of 0.

A.D. 1661.

13° Cab. II. Stat. 3.

339

Sir Thomas Darcy Sir Robert [Cardial1] Sir John Rous Sir John Warner Sir John Crofts Sir Charles Gawdy Sir Edward Duke Sir Robert Brooke Sir Philip Parker Baronets Sir Henry Crofts Sir (*) William Pooley Sir Edmond Pooly Sir John Duncombe Sir William Doyley Sir Philip Parker Sir Thomas Bamardistone Sir George Reve Sir Robert Brooke Sir Thomas Hervey Sir John Pettus Sir Thomas Smith Knights John Hervey Isaac Appleton Thomas Walgrave Thomas Holland Thomas Cullum Maurice Barrow John Poley Richard Cooke John Sicklemore William Bloys senior Henry Warner Thomas Stewart John Garnish Henry Parker Joseph Brand Thomas Edgar Hamond Claxton Clement Heigham William Gipps Edmond Harvey Wiseman Bokenham Henry Stebbin John Thurston Robert Stile Fitznonne Lambe Henry Coppinger Philip Haward William Dawtry Thomas Arris Do6tor of Phisick, Peregrine Doyley George Weneve Framlingham Gawdy John Duke Jeoffrey Burwell Isaac Botham Thomas Vesey Robert Appleton Joseph Beaumont Borowdale Millisent Edward Spencer Thomas Bacon Humphrey Moseley Thomas Dade Thomas Scrivenor Nevil Catlin William Blomfeild Thomas Leman William Bloys junior Robert Buts [Thomas Day junior Thomas But?3] Robert Brownrig Francis Cheney Robert Marriot William Goodwin Thomas Edgar of Glemhan Robert Nanton Gardner Webb Thomas Wright Barnaby Gibson Thomas Read John Bence Robert King Doctor of the Civill Law Henry North of Lackfeild Miles Edgar Edward North Edward Man Thomas Man Edward Brampton John Rivett Thomas Tirrel Francis Theobald Edmond Fimely John Southby Thomas Ogle Robert Gasnold Robert Penning Lionel Playters [Edwatrd Spencer John Playters3] John Braham of Ash junior The Maior of Sudbury for the time being William Byat Joseph Man John Warner Esquires John Cole Esquire Robert Maltiward Esquire.

Bur rough of Ipswich.

For the Burrough of Ipswich The Bailiffs for the time being Sir Emanuel Sorrel John Sicklemore Recorder John Smithier Nicholas Philips Robert Sparrow Robert Clerke Gilbert Windfeild

Burrough of S* Edmonds Bury.

For the Burrough of S* Edmonds Bury The Alderman for the time being John Southley Recorder Sir Edmond Poley Sir John Duncombe James Cob Esquires Stephen Coke Samuel Hustler Edward Bourne Robert Sharpe Gentlemen.

Burrough of Alburfough

For the Burrough of Alburrough The Bailiffs for the time being Sir Robert Brooke Francis Bacon Recorder William Shipman Thomas Elliot Richard Browne John Burwood Alexander Blowers Gentlemen.

Burrough of Orford.

For the Burrough of Orford The Maior for the time being Walter Devereux Thomas Cock Joseph Hastings Edward Johnson Esquires John Copping [James Copping3] Richard Copping Gentlemen.

Surrey*

For the County of Surrey [Rober4] Duncombe High Sheriff of the County Charles Earle of Ancram Francis Lord Aungier Benjamin Weston Esquire Sir Henry Capel Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Vincent Knight and Baronet Sir Walter S*. Johns Baronet Sir Adam Browne Baronet Sir Thomas Trevor Knight and Baronet and Knight of the Bath S& William Moore Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir John Evelin junior Sir Richard Stidoife Sir Abraham Cullen Sir George Ascough Sir Johh Brumfeild Baronets Sir Ralph Freeman Knight one of the Masters of the Requests Sir Richard Onslow Sir John Lenthal Sir Edmond Bowyer Sir Charles Howard Sir John Evelin Sir William Haward Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir Daniel Harvey Sir John Maynard Sir Robert [Parkehurst3] Sir Richard Hatton Sir Lawrence Smith Sir Allen Broderick Sir Nicholas Carew Sir Purbeck Temple Sir Edward Bish Knights Colonel Robert Phillips one of the Groomes of his Majesties Bedchamber Edmond Hoskins Serjea[nJ]t att Law Henry Hilliard Arthur Onslow George Chute Roger James John Scot Christopher Buckle Edward Evelin Anthony Bowyer Thomas Foster George Evelin George Smith John Holmden Richard Evelin Esquires Thomas Turner Doctor of Law Edward Thurland Anthony Thomas William Hoskins Dixey Long George Moore John Thynne William Owfeild William Wimondsold Mathew Carlton William Muschampe Henry Weston Thomas Turgis Erasmus Gainsford Robert Holman Charles Bickerstaffe George Browne John Westbrooke George Vernon George Duncombe Samuel Rowse James Gresham John Parker Edward Leventhorpe George Woodroffe Thomas Rogers William Elliot John Loyd John Jones Lawrence Marsh Peter Hussey Richard West James Austin George Garth Dawes Wimondsold Thomas Dalmahoy Vincent RandhiU Doctor Windibanck Richard Heath William Boothby John Wight William Street Anthony Covert Peter Quennel senior Esq

The Burrough of Southwark

For the Burrough of Southwark Sir John Brumfeild Baronet Sir John Lenthal Sir Edmond Bowyer Sir Thomas Btadworth Knights George Chilte John Scot George Moore Anthony Thomas Anthony Bowyer James Austin Thomas Lee Robert Backhouse Giles Warcup John Thorpe Esquires Thomas SwinfetM Samuel Hyland Edward Cooke George Mayot Peter De-la»noy Edward Ball William Lock Hugh Currer John Neale John Luntley James Burton Richard Lewin William Whitworth Gentlemen.

340

13° Car. II. Stat.2. c. 3.

A.D:\66l.

Sussex.

For the County of Sussex Lord Peirey John Ashbumham Esquire Thomas Leonard Esquire Sir John Pelham Sir Henry Goring Sir Charles Shelley Sir William Culpeper Sir John Covert Sir Herbert Springet Sir John Stapeley Sir William Thomas Sir Denney Ashbumham Sir John Fag Sir William Wilson Baronets Sir John Lewkenor Sir William Morley Knights of the Bath Sir John Morley Sir Thomas Dyke Sir Thomas Woodcock Sir Thomas Nut Sir George Courthop Knights George Parker George Nevil Thomas Sackvil Henry Goring Esquires William Gamway Henry Peckham John Steward Hugh Potter Esquires John May John Hewarc} Thomas Gray Robert Anderson John Farrington Allen Carr Brewen Bickley Thomas Palmer Thomas Peckham Esquires The Maior of Chichester for the time being John Bine Thomas Middleton Henry Chowne Bray Chowne Edward Eresfeild Nizel Rivers Samuel Got Walter iBurrel Anthony Shirley John de-la-Chambri Richard Bridger Walter Duble William Spencer Stephen French William Lane Ambrose Trayton John Oliver Henry Goring of Cobden John Shelley Anthony Eversfeild William Screice John Bagshall John Gratwicke William Gratwick of Jervis Henry Onslow Thomas Bettesworth Thomas Gray Harbert Morley Edward Blaker Thomas Board Peter Courthop Henry Bill Richard Mills Robert Palmer Thomas Barnard Percy Goring Christopher Coles Thomas Pain George Edmonds William Gratwick of Torton Thomas Collings Walter Everden Robert Fowle Edward Polhil Roger Shewswell Walter Roberts John Dunk Richard Alchome John Dine Robert Edsam Richard Sheppard Thomas Brumfeild William Dyke of [(Haunt1] John Baker of Stoneland Thomas Luxford Edward May Anthony May Nicholas Gildridge Edward Paine Richard Linsey Sackvil Graves John Fuller of Waldron John Hay of Glinbom Edward Michelbum Edward Chowne Esquires Henry Shelley Peter Fameden Joseph Newington William Dyke junior Charles Bret Simon Smith Robert Rochester John Harford William Markwick Thomas Delves William Parker Gentlemen The Maior of Hasting The Maior of Rye The Maior of Winchelsea The Bailiff of Seaford The Bailiff of Pevensey George Easeman Edward Peake Thomas Harrison Peter Guard Stephen Elphick Mr Grinfeild of Rye James French junior Gentlemen*

Warwick,

For the County of Warwick Sir WilGam Compton Knight George Fane Charles Leigh Esquires Sir Robert Holt Sir Richard Temple Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton Sir Edward Boughton Sir . Roger Burgoigne Sir John Knightley Sir Thomas Norton Sir Clement Fisher Sir Thomas Rouse Baronets Sir William Bromly Sir Stephen Hailes Knights of the Bath Sir Simon Archer, Sir George Devereux Sir Francis Willoughby Sir Charles Adderley Sir John Repington Sir Charles Lee Sir William Palmer Sir Arthur Cailey Sir William Underhill Sir Combe Wagstaffe Sir Richard Hopkins Sir Clement Throckmorton Knights Sir Herbert Price Baronet Amos Walrond Walter Chetwind senior William Booth of Witton John Bridgman John Ferrers Richard Lucy Thomas Archer Clement Throckmorton William Somervil Francis Willoughby Thomas Gibbs Seabright Repington William Dilks John Lisle William Purefoy Harvey Bagot Richard Newdigate Serjeant at Law Thomas Temple Bazil Feilding Thomas Boughton Boughton of Causton John Rous Thomas Flint Henry Beaufoy John Clopton Henry Ferrers William

Colmore Charles Newsham Lister of Alveston Richard Verney of Compton Vemey Richard Vemey of

Kingston Charles Bentley Giles Palmer Edward Underhill Thomas Marriot Robert Dod Humphrey Jennings Thomas Corbin John Fetherston Mathew Holbeck Ambrose Holbeck John Stanton James Prescot John Wagstaff Thomas Rawlins of Stratford Bishop Serjeant at Armes John Main Richard Willoughby Samuel Eborall George

Feilding Greswold of Cubington Nathaniel Stoughton Draper Esquires John Westley Adolphus

Wooton Richard Woodward Henry Smith Thomas Dighton Walduce Willington [Thomas Willington *] of Whateley Gentlemen The Bailiff of Warwick for the time being The Bailiff of Stratford for the time being The Bailiffs of Tam worth for the time being.

[For the City and County of Coventrey.

Mr Thomas Pigeon the present Maior Sir Thomas Morton Baronet Sir Richard Hopkins Knight Sir Arthur Caley Thomas Hales Edmund Palmer Isaac Walden Robert Beak Alderman James Naylor John Wooldridge Julius Billiars Henry Smith Mathew Smith Samuel Snel Joseph Chambers Aldermen Abraham [Gibbows1] Gentleman.4]

Westmorland

For the County of Westmorland Sir Philip Musgrave Sir William Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir Richard Sandford Sir John Lowther junior Sir John Lowther of Lowther Baronets Sir Thomas Strickland Knight Richard Musgrave John Lowther Allin Bellingham Daniel Fleming Walter Strickland James Ducket John Dalston Richard Crackinthorpe Richard Braithwait of Warcop Richard Braithwait of Burinside Robert Hilton Edward Nevison Thomas Braithwayt John Otway Nicholas Fisher Thomas Sandford Lancelot Machel Thomas Gabelas Esquires The Maior of Appleby for the time being. The Maior of Kendell for the time being.

Wilts

For the County of Wilts Henry Lord Herbert John Lord Seymour William Lord Herbert Henry Viscount Combury Sir Edward Nicholas Knight one of his Majesties Principal Secretaries of State James Mountague Edward Howard Charles Seymour Esquires Sir Walter S* John Sir Seymour Pile Sir George Grobham How Sir Walter Ernie Sir George Hungerford Baronets Sir Edward Hungerford Sir John Nicholas Sir John Coventrey Sir Edward Baynton

1 Faunt 0. • interlined on the Roll.

3 Gibbons 0.

4 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D.X661.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3.

341

Knights of the Bath Sir Robert Hide one of his Majesties Justices of the Comon Pleas Sir Wadhatn Windham one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir James Thinne Sir John Evelin Sir Thomas Hall Sir John Talbot Sir (*) Edward Poole Sir Thomas Escourt Sir John Lowe Sir Thomas [Joy4] Sir Henry Coker Sir William Calley Knights Alexander Popham Edward Seymour Richard Grobham How Richard Lewis Edward Nicholas Lawrence Washington Henry Clerke John Pleydell William Glanvil William Jordan Robert Philips John Ernie George Ayliffe William Pawlett Edward Hungerford Edward Tooker Ralph Freke (3)Thomas Mompesson of Corton William Duckett Edward Hide Edward Goddard of Standen William Brounker Henry Hungerford Walter Bokeland Gilbert Raleigh Duke Stonehouse Joseph Stockman John Wamford Henry Baynton John Nordell Thomas Gore Jeffery Daniel Thomas Wancklin George Lowe William Yorke John Kent John Long Henry Trenchard Henry Long Thomas Lambert William Willoughby Thomas Grub John Foyle John Collins Edward Manning Giles Eyre William Kent Thomas Hawlis Edward Topp James Ash Rowland Plot John Bowles Thomas Bennet of Pithouse Richard Southby John Danvers Benjamin Gifford Nevil Maskline William Broomwich Richard Escourt George Joy John Hawkins Thomas Stewkley William Fisher Edward Goddard of Ogbome John Eyre Samuel Ire Simon Spatchurst John Davenant Edward Not Thomas Hungerford Henry Wallis John Curl Richard Long Samuel Ash John Awbry Michael Erule William Swanton Seymour Bowman Walter Parker Edmond Web Isaac Burges John Mompesson John Fitzherbert William Sadler Richard Bowie Thomas Chafin Esquires John Elliot Edward Yerbury Mathew Raymond Edmond Pike Richard Green Richard Callow Robert Challoner Robert Chandler Paul Methwin Ferrers Greisley Charles Yorke Peter Keblewhite Richard Crowch Ephraim Westley Jeffery Pinnel Christopher Gardiner Gentlemen John Holt Richard Davy The Maior of New Sarum for the time being Stephen Fox Esquire William Joyce Alderman Edward Edmonds Thomas [Oriat4] Thomas Ray Maurice Greene Nicholas#Johnson Sir John Denham Knight of the Bath John Birkenhead Doctor of the Laws Thomas Gardiner John Glanvil Thomas Sadler The Maior of Wilton The Maior of the Devizes for the time being Walter Sharpe.

New Sarum.

For the City of New Sarum Sir Walter Erule Baronet Sir John Low Knight Edward Tooker Thomas Hawles William Swanton John Holt Thomas Darrel Esquires Thomas Ray Thomas [Oriat3] Gentlemen Mr Richard Davy Mr Thomas Mumpesson.

Worcester.

For the County of Worcester Sir John Pakington Baronet Colonel Sandys Sir William Russel Sir Henry Littleton Baronets Sir Ralph Clare Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Herbert Sir Rowland Berkley Sir John Winford Sir John Talbot Knights Thomas Savage of Elmely Edward Pits William Sandys Henry Bromley of Holt Henry Bromley of Upton Henry Jefferies of Homcastle Henry Townshend Joseph Walsh Edward Cary Edward Bushel William Sheldon of Broadway William Mucklow Walter Savage Edward Pennel Thomas Jollife George Symonds Thomas Wilde Richard Dowdswel John Bearcroft Thomas Foley William Kite Thomas [Walson6] William Sheldon of Finstal Edward Vernon Francis Sheldon of Aberton John Nanfan Philip Parsons Philip Brace Edward Dingley of Charleton Anthony Crump William Baldwin Theophilus Andrewes Francis Finch Samuel Sandys junior Thomas Childe William Washbome William Hancock John Charlet Thomas Street Somerset Draper Esquires The Bailiffs of the Burrough of Droytwich for the time being The Bayliff of Bewdley for the time being The Maior of Evesham for the time being.

City of Worcester.

For the City and* County of the City of Worcester The Maior Aldermen and Sheriffes for the time being Sir Rowland Barkley Sir William Moreton Knights Richard Carwardin Richard Henning Robert Sollars John Higgens John Bearcroft Thomas Street junior Humphrey Tyrer Gentlemen Thomas Hall Thomas Street Esquires Robert Wild Thomas Harrison Thomas Twitty Edward Cooksey Edward Warring Francis Hughs Gen

Yorke

For the Westriding in the County of Yorke Sir Thomas Osborne High Sheriff of the County George Viscount Castleton Henry Viscount Earwin Thomas Lord Fairfax Conyers Darcy Esquire Sir George Savil Baronet Sir Francis Wortley Baronet Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir John Goodrick Knight and Baronet Sir John Kay Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir Francis Bland Sir Solomon Swaile Sir Metcalfe Robinson Sir John Armitage Sir Richard [Mallever Baronet7] Sir Richard Tankard (®) Sir William Rookbey Sir William Ingoldby Sir John Reasby Baronets Sir Jordan Crosland Sir Thomas Wentworth Knights Sir Godfrey Copley Baronet Walter Hawesworth Thomas Robinson Robert Wivel Thomas Stringer Esquires Sir Miles Stapleton Sir Edmond Jenninges Knights Thomas Danby Francis Nevil William Adams Esquires Sir John Dawney Francis Goodrick William Lowther Doctor Burrel John Richard Welbery Norton Richard Hutton Francis White Charles Tankerd of Whixley Henry Atkinson Ambrose Pudsey Hugh Potter William Drake Esquires Sir William Ingram Knight William Stockdel Parker of

Bronsam Esquires Sir Christopher Clapham Knight Inglebert Leeds Thomas Yarbrugh Esquires Cuthbert Wade John Preston The Maior of Pontefract for the time being Edward Atkinson John Stanhope Robert Branlin John Beelby William Witham Esquires The Maior of Doncaster for the time being Roger Portington Esquire Sir George Wynn Baronet.

'S' 0.

* Ovyatt 0.

* Ivy 0. 9 Thomas Mompesson of Battington 0.

6 Watson 0. 7 Maleverer Baronetts 0.

♦ Oviatt 0.

• Kl 0.

4 s

342

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3.

A.D. 1661.

For the Northriding in the said County of Yorke Lord Bruce Conyers Darcy Esquire Sir Christopher Wyvel Baronet Sir John Goodrick Knight and Baronet Sir John Lowther Sir Thomas Gower Sir John Hotham Sir Metcalfe Robinson Sir Solomon Swaile Baronets James Darcy Esquire Sir Henry Stapleton Baronet Henry Darcy Esquire Sir Roger Langley Baronet Sir Robert Strickland Sir Thomas Strickland Sir Jordan Croaland Knights Henry Chater Esquire Sir William Dalton Sir John Yorke Knights Sir William Cholmley Sir James Pennyman Knight Sir David Fowles Baronet Sir Thomas Ingram Knight James Medcalfe Esquire William Weddal Walter Strickland Mathew Hutton Esquires Sir Thomas Heblethwait John Turner Esquire John Beverley Humphrey Wharton Thomas Robinson Reynold Grayham Richard Grayham Esquires Sir Henry Cholmley Knight Major Norton Esquire Sir Henry Franklin Knight Sir William Franklin Baronet Thomas Norton Thomas Jackson Thomas Rookby William Robinson Robert Layton Roger Talbot Henry Marwood Edward Croft Charles Tankard of Arden Esquires Sir Joseph Craddock Knight John Calverly George Norton Esquires Thomas Waite Gentleman The Alderman of Richmond for the time being William Trueman Timothy Maleverer John Dodsworth William Thompson William Hiekhasn Christopher Wandesford. Esquire Edward Trotter Anthony Lowther Roger Colvel Esquire.

For the Eastriding in the said County Sir John Hotham Sir Francis Boynton Sir Watkinson Paylour Sir Robert Hilliard Baronets Sir Mathew Appleyard Sir Francis Cobb Knights Tobias Jenkins Stephen Thompson Esquires Sir John Ledyard Baronet Michael Wharton Esquire Sir Thomas Rudston Baronet Sir Thomas Remington Knight Sir Philip Mountain Knight Thomas Grantham Durand Hotham John Constable Henry Holmes Christopher Hilliard Hugh Lister Esquires Sir Hugh Bethel Knight Sir Hugh Bethel of Rize Knight George Mountain John Vavosour John Headlam William Osbaston William Grimston Esquires Sir William Cobb Knight Robert Sotheby John Hearn Thomas Crompton Samford Nevil William Gee Richard Leadgeard Tobias Hodgson Esquires Richard Thompson.

City of Yorke

For the City and County of the City of Yorke James Brook Lord Maior Sir Medcalfe Robinson Baronet John Scot Esquire George Manklings George Lamplough Aldermen ST Cressey Burnet Mr Henry Thompson junior Mr Henry Speman Mr John Kilvington Mr Edward El wick Mr John Loftus Mr John Tayler Mr Edward Calvert Mr Philip Herbert Mr William Richardson Mr Robert Scot Hr Richard Coltman Mr Thomas Setterthayht Mr Francis Chadderton Mr Francis Brice Mr Edward Basford Mr James Breary Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir Miles Stapilton William Fairfax Henry Fairfax James Moyser Thomas Robinson Lewis D’Arcy Richard Rowndall Esquires.

Kingston upon Hull.

For the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull Mr George Crowle now Maior Colonel Anthony Gilby William Lister Esquire Mr Thomas Rakes Mr William [Dadson *] Mr Robert Ripley Mr William Maister Mr Robert Berrier Mr William Foxley Mr WilHam Ramsden Mr Christopher Richardson Mr Richard Robinson Mr Richard Wilson Mr William Raikes Mr Richard Vevers Hugh Lister Esquire Andrew Marvel Esquire Mr Edmund Popple Mr Anthony Lambert senior Mr William Thompson Mr John Homer.

Beverley.

For the Town of Beverley The Maior for the time being Thomas Johnson Edward Grey senior William Wade William Forge William Colson William Dunn Timothy Grey Robert Fotherby William Newcomb Edward Grey junior John Todd William Nelson William Garthwait Abraham Burnet Thomas Gossip George Davies William Hunter Robert Richardson.

Anglesey

For the County of Anglesey Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley Thomas Bulkley Esquire Nicholas Bagenal Esquire Rouland Bulkley Esquire of Porthomwel John Robinson Esquire Peirce Lloyd senior Peirce Lloyd junior Richard Owen Theodore Esquires Sir Hugh Owen Knight and Baronet John Bodvel Rowland White William Bould Thomas Wood Hugh Hughes John Griffith Esquires John Owens John Owens Penrose Gentlemen Cookby Williams Gentf Henry Lloyd Esquire Henry Jones Gentf David Lloyd Esquire William Lewis Gentf John [Wine*] of Esquire.

Brecon.

For the County of Brecon Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland Sir William Lewis Sir Herbert Price Sir Henry Williams Baronets John Herbert Esquire High Sheriff George Gwin Wilburn Williams John Jefferies Lewis Morgan Walter Vaugham Edmond Jones John Stedman Thomas Williams of Abercamlayes William Morgan of Newton Thomas Lewis Hugh Powel Meredith Lewis James Watkins John Gwin Esquires William Vaughan of Lanihangel Nantbrain William Lloyd of Wernos Rees Prise Lewis Gunter James Williams Henry Stedman Gentlemen The Bailiff of Brecon for the time being Thomas Bowen Esquire Edward Games Esquire Henry Williams of Languttock John Morgan of Wenalt William Lloyd of Llangamarch Jeoffrey Jeffreys of Liwel William Bowen junior Howel Powel Genti Henry Rumsey.

1 Dobson 0.

* Wynne 0.

-4.ZU661.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3

343

Cardigan.

For the County of Cardigan Sir Rkhard Price Baronet Sir Francis Lloyd Knight James Lewis agg«or John Vaughan Jonathan Lloyd Henry Vaughan James Lewis junior Edward Vaughan Eraamus Lloyd Morgan Herbert Reignald Jenkins David Lloyd Thomas Jenkins Richard Herbert Thomas Perry John Lewis Thomas Lloyd of Rhue Arthen John Jones Esquires David Evans Thomas Lloyd of Tnia Gentlemen

Carmarthen.

For the County of Carmarthen Francis Lord Vaughan Sir John Vaughan Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Mantel Sir William Rustel Baronets Sir Edward Rice Knight John Vaughan of Lanelthy William Gwyn of Telliaris Henry Vaughan of Derwith Henry Middleton John Vaughan of Dertlis Nicholas Williams Thomas Lloyd of Dengrah John Lloyd of the Forrest James Jones of Talicothy Penry Vaughan John Vaughan of Place Gwyn Evan Thomas Morgan Jones Thomas Lloyd of Bertlandoet Walter Vaughan John Lewis of Lisimeth Esquires John Powel junior Gentlemen Owen Bristoc Walter Jones Charles Gwin of Gwempe Esquires.

Burrough of Carmarthen.

For the Burrough of Carmarthen The present Maior Anthony Jones David Gosse Griffith Burion Thomas Jones Aldermen.

Carnarvan.

For the County of Carnarvan Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley Thomas Bulkley Esquire Sir Richard Wynne Baronet Sir Roger Mostin Sir Griffith Williams Baronets Sir John Owen Sir Richard Lloyd Knights Nicholas Bagnal Griffith Jones John Bodvel William Griffith William Vaughan Thomas Winne Owen Winne Richard Thomas John Bodurda Thomas Vaughan John Williams William Hookes Richard Cuffin Maurice Winne of Crogen Esquires Hugh Bodurda William Williams Gentlemen.

Denbigh

For the County of Denbigh Sir Thomas Middleton Knight Sir Richard Winne Sir John Salisbury Sir Thomas Powel Sir William Meredith Sir Thomas Middleton Baronets Sir Thomas Trevor Knight & Baronet Sir Evan Lloyd Baronet Sir Richard Lloyd Sir Edward Broughton Sir Robert Agbrow Knights William Owen of Landur Simon Thelwal John Robinson John Winne of Watstay Mutton Davis Bevis Lloyd Thomas Jones Hugh Winne Kenrick Eyton John Wynne of Melay Robert Wynne of Voylay John Thelwal John Edisbury William Wynne of Grath kuman Fouk Middleton Edward Bruerton John Jefferies Richard Middleton of Lansylin Charles Middleton William Parry Robert Price of Geeler Watkin Kiffin David Maurice John Thelwal Owen Thelwal Hugh Roberts George Bostock Francis Manley Esquires Humphrey Lloyd Gentleman Robert Wynne of Garthwynne Howel Lloyd Gentlemen.

Flint.

For the County of Flint Roger Puleston High Sheriff of the County Sir Thomas Hanmer Sir Henry Conway Sir Roger Mostin Baronets Sir John Hanmer Knight William Hanmer Robert Davies Thomas Ravenscroft Thomas Lloyd Roger Whitley John Parry Peter Griffith Thomas Salisbury Robert Whitley David Pennant Mutton Davies Richard Young John Broughton William Mostin Robert Mostin Evan Edwards Edward Lloyd Owen Barton Hugh Pennant Thomas Cratchley Esquires.

Glamorgan.

For the County of Glamorgan Henry Lord Herbert William Lord Herbert of Cardiffe Sir Richard Lloyd Knight Arthur Trevor Esquire Sir Edward Mansil Sir Edward Thomas Sir John Awbry Baronets Sir Thomas I^ewis Sir Richard Basset Sir William Lewis Knights Thomas Lewis William Basset Bussey Mansel William Herbert Edmond Thomas David Mathew Thomas Mathew Thomas Came David Jenkins William Thomas Herbert Evans Esquires Evan Seyes Serjeant at Law Humphrey Windham Thomas Stradling senior Thomas Stradling junior John Windham William Morgan Thomas Awbry John Came Esquires Doctor William Basset Thomas Thomas Walter Thomas Myles Button Gabriel Lewis Richard Longer Edmond Gamage Esquires Doctor Crofts Edward Mathew John Van Miles Mathew of the Ulstrid Richard Seyes Edward Mansel Charles Bowen Henry Basset Henry Hill Roger WiHiams Esquires Mr. Thomas Basset M\ William Jones Mr. Richard Jenkins of Pantenowall Mr. Edward Jenkins of Cowbridge Mr Robert Corrock Mr. Reece Hopkins Mr William Deere Mr David Evan of Lantwit Verdra Mr George Williams of Baylan Mr John Prichard Mr George Gibbons Mr Morgan Miles Mr Stephen Edwards Mr David Richards Mr George Lucas Mr John Thomas of Peterston super Montem Mr Watkin Jones Mr William Morgan Mr Thomas Powel Mr Edward Jenkins.

Merioneth.

For the County of Merioneth William Salisbury Esquire High Sheriff of the County of Merioneth Sir Richard Wynne Sir Thomas Middleton Baronets Sir John Owen Sir Richard Lloyd Knights William Price William Vaughan William Winne of Barthginan Maurice Winne of [Rogen'] Lewis Lloyd Howel Vaughan of Glin-yllyn John Lloyd

1 Crogen 0.

13° Car. II. Stat 2. c. 3.

A.D. 1661.

John Pugh Roger Mostin John Winne of Rihwgoch Robert Winne Griffith Lloyd Lewis Owen WilHam Vaughan of [Cothle '] John Nanney of Llanventheged Edmond Merick Humfry Hughes John Vaughan Rowland Vaughan Maurice Williams Richard An will Ellis Edwards John Morgans Henry Winne Esquires William Tudir Lewis Gwyn Thomas Lloyd Richard Lloyd of Garrog John Lloyd, of Ddualt John Owen of Havod Dowilth. John Foults Evan Lloyd of Goppa Richard Winne Gentlemen

III.

Commissioners to meet to execute Act on or before 20th Jan. next, and to divide themselves.

IV.

And to set down in Writing what Number shall act in each Division.

V.

Commissioners to cause Assessment to be equally made, and to appoint Assessors,

who are to assess by a Pound Rate.

Mountgomery.

For the County of Mountgomery Andrew Newport Esquire Sir Mathew Price Baronet Sir Edward Lloyd Knight John Purcel John Blayney John Pugh Richard Herbert Francis Buller Edmond Waring William Okely Richard Owen John Price of Parks Mathew Morgan William Penchin Roger Mostin Thomas Maurice Edward Glynn of of Glyn Edward Evans of Rhydy Carrow John Whittingham David Powel Thomas Inks Edward Edwards of Coltfrin John Blodwell Thomas Wind Thomas Corbet Esquires Samuel Bigs Michael Middleton Gentlemen Robert Lee Esquire Henry Purcel Evan Vaughan John Kiffin Humfry Nicholas Gen? Francis Fitz herbert Esquire Edward Whittingham Gen? Robert Leighton Esquire Charles Salisbury Robert Griffiths Esquires John Okely James Penrhyn Evan Evans of Coome-yr-Annel Gen?

Pembroke

For the County of Pembroke Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir John Stepney Baronets Sir Hugh Owen Knight and Baronet Sir Herbert Perrot Knight Essex Meyrick Rowland Langham Roger Lort Arthur Owen Henry White Thomas Warren Lewis Barlow Hugh Bowen George Barlow William Scowrefeild William Phillips James Bowen Thomas Owen Thomas Parry George Haward James Lloyd Isaac Lloyd Arnold Thomas Thomas Lloyd of [Marvile*] David Morgan Thomas Wogan of Langsdnan John Lort Walter Cuny Nicholas Adams William Mordant Thomas Cozens John Mathias Esquires The Maior of Pembroke for the time being Richard Browne Mathew Bowen Aldermen The Maior of Tenby for the time being Richard Wyat John Protherough Aldermen.

Haverford West.

For the Town and County of Haverford West Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir John Stepney Baronets Sir Hugh Owen Knight and Baronet Sir Herbert Perrot Knight Rowland Langhame Arthur Owen [Rogert3] Lort Henry White Isaac Lloyd George Barlow Thomas Lloyd Arnold Thomas Esquires William Meyler William Williams Henry Bowen Thomas Davies Philip Wall Richard Bateman William Walter Aldermen John Thomas Thomas Bowen William Howel Baltazer Walford George Knethel Daniel Freeman Gentlemen.

Radnor.

For the County of Radnor Sir Richard Lloyd Knight Arthur Trevor Esquire Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Harley Knight George Gwin Richard Fowler James Price Thomas Corbet Henry Williams Lewis Morgan John Walcot Thomas Harley Samuel Powel Nicholas Taylor Evan Davies Andrew Phillips Charles Lewis Henry Probert Herbert Weston Griffith Jones Hugh Powel Richard Meredith Thomas Eckleston Robert Cutler Francis Richards John. [Richards4] Rowland Higgens Esquires The Bailiff of New Radnor for the time being

And be it further enacted and declared that the several Commissioners aforesaid shall meet togeather at the most usual and comon place of meeting within each of the said Counties Cities Burroughs Towns and places respectively on or before the twentieth day of January now next ensueing and the said Commissioners or so many of them as shal be present at the said first General Meeting or the major part of them are hereby authorized and required to put this present Act in execution according to the best of theire judgements and discretions and shal then subdivide and distribute themselves so into lesser numbers as two or more of the said Commissioners may be appointed for the service of each hundred or other division and as may best conduce to the carrying on of his Majesties service hereby required

And for the more effectual performance thereof Be it enacted and declared that the Commissioners att the aforesaid first General Meeting or the major part of them shall agree and sett downe in writing who and what number of the said ComissioSs shall act in each of the said divisions or hundreds to the end that there be no failure in any part of the due execution of the service by this Act required

And bee it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid that the Commissioners within the several divisions or hundreds or any two or more of them are hereby authorized and required to cause the said several propor£6ns charged on the respective divisions and on every parish and place therein for the said eighteen moneths assessment to be equally assessed and taxed and to appoint two or more assessors in each parish or place for the perfecting thereof who are hereby required withal care and diligence to assess the same equally by a pound rate as formerly upon all Lands Tenements Hereditaments Annuities Rents Parks Warrens Goods Chattels Stocke Merchandize Offices usually rated Tolls Profitf and all other Estates both real and personal within the limits circuites and bounds of theire respective parishes and places.

» Cathie 0.

• Morvile 0.

s Roger O.

4 Rickards 0.

A.D.\GG\.

13° Car. II. Stat.2. c. 3

345

And bee it further enacted by. the authority aforesaid that the sum of two hundred and ten thounmd pounds

being the first of the said six quarterly payments hereby imposed shal bee assessed collected levied and pied into

the Receivors-General of the said several Counties who shall be appointed by his Majesty and who are hereby required to transmit or cause the same to be paid into his Majesties Receipt of his Exchequer on or before the five and twentieth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty two and the stlm of two hundred and ten thousand pounds being the second of the said quarterly paymentf on or before the twenty fourth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty two and the sum of two hundred and ten thousand pounds being the third of the said quarterly paymentf on or before the twenty ninth day of September

in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty two and the sum of twoe hundred and ten thousand

pounds being the fourth of the said quarterly payments on or before the twenty fifth day of December in the

yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty two and the sum of two hundred and ten thousand pounds

being the fifth of the said quarterly payments on or before the twenty fifth day of March in the yeare of our

Lord One thousand six hundred sixty three and the sum of two hundred and ten thousand pounds being the last

of the said quarterly payments on or before the twenty fourth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty three.

VL

46*10,000, the first quarterly Payment, to be paid to Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer on or before 15th March 1661. Second Payment 24th June.

Third Payment 19th September. Fourth Payment 15th December. Fifth Payment 15th Much 1663. Last Payasent 14th June.

And for the compleatmg [of1] the whole sum charged upon the same and to the end the aforesaid stats charged upon the several and respective Counties Cities Burroughes Towns and places may be equally and indifferently assessed according to the true intent of this Act and the money duly collected and true accompt thereof made the said Assessors are hereby required to deliver one Copy of theire respective assessments fairely written and subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners And the said Commissioners or any twoe or more of them are hereby ordered and required to signe and seale two Duplicates of the said Assessments and the one of them to deliver or cause to be delivered to one or more honest and responsible person or persons to be Subcolledor or Subcolledors which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint for each parish or place with warrant to the said Subcolledor or Subcolledors to collect the said eighteen monthes assessment payable as aforesaid so as the said several sums may be paid in to the head Collectors to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same so timely as they may by them be paid in to the said Receivers Generali and by them into the receipt of his Majesties Exchequer at the respective times aforesaid And the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered the other of the said Duplicates of each parish or place to the Receiver General of each County City Town or place respectively to be by him the said Receiver General transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer of England which the said Receiver General is required to perform accordingly

VII.

Attestor* to deliver Copy of Assessment

to Commissioners,

who are to si so and teal two Duplicates and deliver one to Sub-collector, whom they are to appoiot, together with a Warrant to collect the Assessment.

Monies to be paid to Head Collectors, and by them to Receivers General, and by them into the Exchequer.

The other Duplicate to Lord High Treasurer.

And be it further enacted and declared that the said Commissioners in theire respective divisions or hundreds or any two or more of them shal and are hereby impowered to nominate and appoint under theire hands and seales an honest able and responsible person to be head Collector unto whom the moneys received by the Subcolledors within the division or hundred shall from time to time be duly paid And the said head Collector b hereby required upon the receipt thereof to pay the same forthwith to the Receiver General of each county respectively.

VIII. Commissioners to appoint Hefd Collectors.

And bee it further enacted and declared that the particular Collectors and sub collectors are hereby required to pay in all and every the sums so received by them to the said Receivers-GeSall aforesaid who are hereby required forthwith to transmit or cause to be paid the moneys by them received into the Receipt of his Matlca Exchequer And the said Lord Treasurer b hereby authorized to allow the said Receiver Generali of each County City and Town respectively in case he hath returned up to him a duplicate of the Assessment of each parish or place in county city or Town for which he b appointed Receiver General a Salary for his paines not exceeding one penny in the pound upon the cleareing of his accompt.

IX.

CoUedort to pay to Receivers General, who are to pay ioto Exchequer.

Salary to Receiver General of id. in the Pound.

And it b hereby further enacted and declared That the Sub Collectors of each parish or place which shall bee appointed by vertue of thb Ad shall upon the collection of the whole sum appointed to bee collected by them and payment thereof as b hereby and before appointed have and receive for theire paines in collecting and paying the moneys one penny in the pound which the said several head collectors are hereby authorized to pay unto them and the several head Collectors which shall bee appointed by vertue of thb Ad shall upon the payment of the whole sum due from theire Hundred or Division to the Receiver-Generall of each County have and receive for theire paines in receiving and paying the said moneys one penny in the pound which each Receiver-Generall b hereby authorized to pay and allow unto them accordingly And alsoe upon the Receipt of the whole assessment of the County City or Town for which he is appointed Receiver General in case he hath received the severall Duplicates of each parish or place therein and not otherwise to allow and pay according to such Warrant as shall bee in that behalfe given by the said Commissioners or any three of them one penny in the pound for the Comissionere Clerkes for theire paines in firire writing the Assessments Duplicates and Copies Provided that no head Collector shall be appointed for any City or Town which is by thb Ad particularly charged with the payment of any sum towards the assessment hereby to be levied and for which a Receiver General b to be appointed excepting within the City of London

X.

Salary to Sub-Colledort of id. in the Pound.

Allowance to Head Collectortof id. in the Pound.

Allowance to CommiNaooen Clerks of id. in the Pound.

1 interlined on the Roll.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3.

A.D. 1661.

XI. Persons rated refuting to pty. Distress.

Collectort may break open House*, Chests, See. calling to their Assistance Constables, &c.

guestions upon istresses to be determined by Commissioners. Conveying Goods away so that no Levy can be had. Imprisonment. Except Peers.

XII. Tenants to pay Rate on Land and dedud out of Rent.

Landlords to allow such Deduction.

XIII. Tenant so paying acquitted for Amount of Payment.

Commissioners may settle Differences between Landlords and Tenants.

Persons aggrieved by Assessment may complain to Commissioners, who may relieve.

XIV.

If Assessment be not fully paid. Commissioners, 5cc. may re-assess j

and the new Assessment to be paid accordingly.

XV.

Persons refusing to execute Ad

Commissioners mar fine them, not exceeding a£ao.

Fines to whom paid.

XVI. Receivers General, Collectors, &c. not paying or detaining Monies received by them, Commissioners may imprison them, and seize their Estates Real and Personal.

BBSBSBSBBBBBaHHHB

Amp be it eluded it declared That if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay any sOm of money whereat he shall be rated or assessed that then it shall and may bee lawfoll to and for the said Collectors Sub Collectors or any of them who are hereby authorized and required thereunto to levie the s&m assessed by distresse and ale of the goods of such persons so refusing or neglecting to pay deducting the s5m assessed and reasonable charges of distraining and restore the overplus to the owner thereof and to breake open in the day time any house and upon warrant under the hands and seals of two or more of the said Commissioners any Chest Trunk or Box or other thing where any such* goods are and to call to theire assistance the Constables Tythingman and Headborough within the Counties Citie9 Towns or places where any refusall neglect or resistance shall be made which said Officers and Forces are hereby required to bee aiding and assisting in the premisses as they will answer the contrary att theire perills And if any question or difference happen upon takefog of such distresses betweene the parties distressed or distrained the same shall be ended and determined by the said Commissioners or any two or more of them And if any person or persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his or theire assessment and convey his or theire goods or other personal I estate whereby the sum of money so assessed cannot be levied according to this Act then the reftpedive Commissioners or any twoe or mote of them are hereby authorized to imprison the person (except a Peere or Peers of this Realm) and him and them in prison to detain and keepe untill the money so assessed and the charges for the bringing in the same be paid and satisfied and no longer

And the severall and respective tennants or tennant of all Houses and Land which shall be rated by vertue of this Act are hereby required and authorized to pay such sum or sums of iponey as shall be rated upon such house or lands and to dedud out of the rent so much of the said rates as in respect of the said Rents of every such house and lands the Landlord should or ought to [pay & *] beare And the said Landlords both mediate and immediate according to theire respective Interests are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments upon the receipt of the residue of theire Rents

And it is enacted and declared that every tenant paying the said Assessment shall be acquitted and discharged [for1]] so much money as the said Assessment shall amount unto as if the same had bee.* actually paid unto such person and persons unto whom his rents should have been due and payable And if any difference shall arise betweene Landlord and Tennant or any other concerning the said Rates the said severall Commissioners or any two or more of them in theire several divirions shall and have hereby power to settle the same as they shall thinke fitt And if any person or persons shall find him or themselves [agreived1] in that the Assessors have over rated him or them and shall within six dayes after demand made of the sum of money assessed on him or them complain to the Commissioners who signed and allowed his or theire assessment the said Commissioners or any two or more of them who signed or allowed such assessment shall have and have hereby power within the said six dayes after the demand of the assessment as aforesaid to releive such person or persons and to charge the same on such other person or persons as they shall see cause

And in case the proportions set by this Act upon all and every the respective Counties Cities Towns and Places shall not be full assessed levied and paid according to the true meaning thereof or that if any of the said assessments shall be rated and imposed upon any person not being of ability to pay the same or upon any empty or void house or land where the same cannot be collected or levied or that through any wilfulnes negligence mistake or accident the said assessment charged upon each County City Town or Place by vertue of this Act happens not to be paid to die receipt of his Majesties Exchequer as in this Act is directed that then in all and every such cases the several and respective Commissioners Assessors and Collectors aforesaid and every of them respectively are hereby authorized and required to assesse or re assesse or cause to bee assessed or re assessed levied and paid [?md*] all and every such sftm or sums of money upon the respective Counties Cities Towns and Places or upon any of the Divisions Hundreds and Parishes therein as to the said Commissioners or such number of them as by this Act are authorized to cause the first assessment hereby required to be made shall seeme most agreeable to equity and justice the said new assessment to be made collected and paid in such manner and by such meanes as in this Act for this Assessment is declared and directed.

And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid that if any person or persons shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his or theire duty in the due and speedy execution of this present Act the said respeCdve Commissioners or any three or more of them have hereby power to impose on such person or persons so refusing or neglecting theire duties such fine or fines as to them shall be thought fitt and to cause the same to bee levied by distresse and sale of his and theire Goods Provided that no fine to be imposed by any of the said Commissioners shall for any one Offence exceed the sum of twenty pounds And that all fines that shall be imposed by vertue of this Act shall be paid to the respective Receivers General and by them to the Receipt of his Majesties Exchequer

And it is further enacted and declared that if any Receiver General Collector or Sub Collector that shall by vertue of this Act be appointed for the receipt of any sum or sums of money thereby to bee assessed shall neglect or refuse to pay any sum or sums of money which shall [be1] by him so received as aforesaid and not pay the same as in and by this Act is directed [& shall detaine in his or theire hands any money received by them or any of them & not pay the same as by this Act is directed'] the Commissioners of each County City or Town respectively or any two or more of them in theire respective divisions are hereby authorized and

A.D. 1661.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3.

347

inpontl to impiitoa the fence Ad adze end secure the estate both real and personal of such Recdrer-General Collector or 8nb Colloftor thehe hehes executors or administrators where ever the sane can he discovered and found And die said Commissioners who shall so seize and secure the Estate of any Receiver General Collector or Sub Collector shall be and are hereby impowred to appoint a time for the general meeting of the Commissioners of such County City or Town and there to cause pubique notice to bee given at the place where such meeting shall be appointed ten dayes att least before such general meeting And the Commissioners present at such general meeting or the major part of them in case the moneys detained by Receivers General Collectors or Sub Collectors be not paid and satisfied as it ought to bee according to the directions of this Act shall and are hereby impowred to sell and dispose of all such estates which shall be for the causes aforesaid seized and secured and sadsfie and pay such County and Place the sums that shall be soe detained in the hands of such Receive^General Collector or Sub Collector and return the Overplus to such Receiver-General Collector or Sub Collector their heires executors and administrators.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared that at the expirac&n of the respective times in this Act prescribed for the foil payment of the said quarterly Assessments the several and respective Commissioners or any two of them within the division and hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them the cheife Collectors and Sub Golle&ors within each respective Division and Hundred to examine and assure themselves of the foil and whole payment of the particular sum and sums of money' charged upon the said Division Hundred and every paiish and place therein and of the due return of the same into the hands of the Receiver-General of the said County City Town and Place respectively And by such Receiver General to the Receipt of his Majesties Exchequer to the end there may bee no failure in the payment of any part of the assessment by vertue of this Act to be assessed and paid nor any arreares remaine chargeable upon any of the said Counties Cities Towns or places respectively And in case of any failure in the pmisses the said Commissioners or any two of them are hereby to cause the same to bee forthwith levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And it is hereby enacted and declared that in case any controversies arise concerning the said assessments or the dividing apportioning or payment thereof which concern any of the Commissioners by this Act appointed that the Commissioners so concerned in the said controversies shall have no voice but shall withdrawe at the time of the debate of any such controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners.

And be it hereby enacted and declared that no priviledged place or person body politick or corporate within the Counties Cities and Townes aforesaid shall be exempted from the said Assessment? and taxes but that they and every of them and alsoe all Fee Farme Rents and all other manner of Rent? Payments and sums of moneys and Annuities issuing out of [any *] Lands within City or County shall be lyable towards the payment of every sum by this Act to be taxed and levied and all the tennant? of any Fee Farme Rent other rent sums of money or Annuities aforesaid are hereby directed and authorized to pay them proportionably according to the Rates and Assessments by this Act appointed and directed And all such Tennant? shall be hereby saved and kept harmelesse by authority of this Act from any further payment of such portion of any such Rent Rents sums or Annuities either to the Exchequer or to any other person or persons to whom any such Rent Rents sums of moneys or anilities as aforesaid should or ought to bee paid to all intents or purposes whatsoever as folly and as amply as if they had paid the same into the Exchequer or to any other person or persons to whom the same is reserved or become due.

Provided that nothing contained in this Act shall be extended to charge any Master Fellow or Scholar of any Colledge in either of the Universities or in the Colledge of Winchester Eaton or Westminster or in .any other Free Schooles or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universities Colledges or Schooles or of any Hospitals or Almes-houses for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or profit whatsoever ariseing or growing due to them in respect of the said several places and imployments in the said Universities Colledges Schools Hospitals or Almes-houses nor to charge any of the houses pr lands belonging to Christs Hospital S*. Bartholomew Bridewel S'. Thomas and Bethelem Hospitals in the City of London and Burrough of Southwarke or any of them for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospitals being to bee received and disbursed for the immediate use and releife of the poore in the said Hospitals.

Provided* that no Tenants that hold or enjoy any Lands or Houses by lease or any other grant from any of the said Hospitals do claime and enjoy any freedome exemption or advantage by this Act But that all the houses and Lands which they so hold shall be rated [&‘] assessed for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitals

Provided alsoe That where any person inhabiting within the City of Ixmdon hath his dwelling house in one of the parishes or wards therein and hath any Office goods wares or merchandizes in one or more of the other parishes or ward? within the same that then such person shall be charged taxed and assessed for such his Office Goods or

Merchandize in the parish or ward where he dwelleth and not elsewhere in the said City.

Provided alsoe That where any person inhabiting without the City of London and hath any Office within the

said City that then such person shall be taxed and assessed for such his Office in the place or parish where he

dwelleth and not elsewhere.

and thereupon call a Meeting by

public Notice, and thereat may proceed to tell Estate*, and •atirfy thereout the Mooiea jo detained, ftc.

XVII.

At the Expiration of Time* for quarterly Payments, Commissioner* to call Collector* before them, and assure themselves of Payments of Monies charged.

In case of Failure, Commissioner* to levy the same.

XVIII.

If Controversie* arise in which Commissioners interested, such Commissioners to withdraw.

XIX. Privileged Places, Fee Farm Rents, See. liable.

Proviso for Tenants thereof paying.

XX.

Proviso for (he Universities, and the Colleges of Winchester, Eaton, Westminster,

Free Schools, Hospitals, ftc. and for Lands, ftc. of St. Bartholomew, Bridewell,

St. Thomas, and Bethlem Hospitals.

XXL But Tenants under Lease from said Hospitals to pay.

XXII.

Person dwelling in London in one Parish, ftc. and having Goods in other Parishes, ftc. charged where he dwells

XXIII. The like as to Persons dwelling out of London and having Office within.

348

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 3, 4

dJJ.1661.

XXIV.

No Clause in this Act to lessen Payment.

XXV. Commissioners to account to Lord Treasurer, &c.

XXVI.

If Pound Rate be found prejudicial, Commissioners may assess in the manner usual in respective Counties, &c.

XXVII. This Assessment not to be drawn into Example.

XXVIII. Proviso for the Bishops, Peers, and Clergy, Universities, Ire.

XXIX. Proviso for Agreements as to Taxes between Landlord and Tenant.

XXX. Places to be assessed in such Hundreds, &c. as heretofore.

XXXI.

In Actions brought for executing Act General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

XXXII.

No future monthly Assessment.

XXXIII.

Fee to Officers of Exchequer in respect ot Fee Farm Rents to the King or Queen Dowager.

Rot. Parl. 13 C.II. p.a.aa.4.

Recital that by means of Leases the Tenants of the Duchy have improved their Lands, but that of late no such Leases have been made.

Provided nevertheles That no Clause or Proviso in this Act shall extend to die lessening or abatement of the full sum by this Act appointed to be taxed levied and paid but that the same be fully assessed taxed levied collected and paid in the several and respective Counties Cities and Towns aforesaid in such manner and form and to such uses as is herein before men&ned and declared

And that the several and respective Commissioners and every of them shall from time to time give a true and perfect accompt of all theire doings and proceedings in the execution of this Act to the said Lord Treasurer or to other such persons as his Majesty shall appoint

Provided alwaies And bee it hereby enacted and declared that in case the way or manner of assessing by a pound rate shall prove any way prejudicial or obstructive to the said speedy bringing in of the assessment or any part thereof appointed by this Act That then and in all such cases the respective Commissioners or any twoe of them are hereby authorized to order and direct the respective Assessors who are hereby required to proceed accordingly to assesse the respective sums charged on the respective Counties Cities & Burroughs Townes and Places mentioned in this Act according to the most just and usuall way of rates held and praftised in such Counties Cities Burroughs Towns and Places respectively Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwaies That the apportionment of the assessment according to the Rates and [^portions'] of this Act upon the several Counties Cities and Burroughs assessed shall not be drawne into president or used for any example for the future.

Provided alsoe That nothing herein contained shall be drawn into example to the prejudice of the ancient rights belonging unto the Lords Spiritual and Temporal or Clergy of this Realm or unto either of the Universities or unto any Colledges Schools Aimes houses or Hospitals.

Provided alwaies that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter change determine or make void any Contrafts Covenants Agreements or Usages whatsoever between the Landlord and Tenant touching the payment of taxes or assessments Any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies And bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid that for the avoiding of all obstructions and delayes in collecting the sums by this Act to be raised and assessed all Places Constable-wicks Divisions & Allotments shall pay and be assessed in such hundred rape and wapentake as the same hath heretofore usually beene assessed in and not elsewhere

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid that if any action plaint suit or information shall bee comenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance or in execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may plead the general! issue not guilty And upon any issue joyned may give this Act and the special! matter in evidence And if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit or forbeare further prosecution or suffer [a1] discontinuance or if a verdict passe against him the defendant shall recover theire treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any case where costs by the law are given to defendants.

Provided alsoe And it is hereby enacted That no future aid or supply of money to the King by Parliament in charge of the people shall at any time hereafter be granted or levied by way of monethly assessment.

Provided that no Auditor of his Ma&es Exchequer or other Officer shall upon allowance to bee made to any person or persons assessed within this Act for any fee forme rent due to his Majesty or the Queen-Dowager take or receive any other fee for the same then the sum of four pence for any debt upon such Allowance

CHAPTER IV.

An Act to enable the Kings Majestie to make Leases Grants and Copies of Offices Lands Tenements and Hereditamentf parcell of his Highnes Dutchy of Cornwall or annexed to the same and for Confirmac6n of Leases and Grants already made.

WHEREAS a great part of the Lands part of and annexed to the Dutchy of Comwal have beene held by v v sundry Leases thereof made for yeares and for one two and three Lives by meanes whereof the Tenants having fixed Estates have beene encouraged to improve and manure the same and have improved the same and therein laid out great sums of money in building and otherwise to the great advantage of the Publique And whereas for Twenty yeares and more now last past no such Leases have beene legally made so that it is probable most of the Tenants Estates will be determined or neere determination ere that there can be any Estates well and legally renewed unlesse remedy therefore be provided by meanes whereof Waste Spoile and Dilapidation are likely to happen the Lands wome out and decayed and great Disturbance and Impoverishment to the Tenants. And whereas on the like considera£6n King Charles the First was by special Law enabled to make such Leases Be it Enacted by our

y<J>.1661.

13° Car. II. Stat. 2. c. 4.

349

Soveraigne Lord the King by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons

in this present Parliament assembled and by Authoride of the same That all Leases or Grants already made or hereafter Certain Leases

to be made within the space of Three yeares now next ensuing by our said Soveraigne Lord the King by Letters

Patents Indentures or pther Writings under His Great Seale of England or Seale of the Court of Exchequer or by * g°°A

Copy of Court Roll according to the Customes of the respective Manners of any Offices Parks Lands Tenements

or Hereditaments (other then Honors Lordships or Mannors) parcell of the Possessions of the said Dutchy of

Comwal or annexed to the same shall be good and efieduall in Law according to the purport and contents of the

laid Leases Grants and Copies against our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majesde His Heires and Successors and

against all and every person or persons that shall hereafter have inherit or enjoy the said Dukedom of Comwal

by force of any Act of Parliament or other limitation whatsoever.

Provided alwaies that every such Lease so to bee made of any Parks Lands Tenements or Hereditaments in IL

possession shall be made but for three lives or fewer or for One and thirty yeares or under or some other tenne

of yeares determinable upon one two or three Lives *nd not above And if such Leases be made in Reversion that Rent reserved, then the same togeather with the Estates in possession do not exceed three Lives or [the1] terme of One and thirty yeares and not in any wise dispunishable of Waste and so [as1] upon every such Lease shall be reserved the ancient or most usual Rent or more or such Rent as hath beene yeilded or paid for the greater part of twenty yeares next before the makeing of the said Leases and shall be reserved due and payable by or to him or her that shall have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Parks Lands Tenements or Hereditaments and where no such Rent hath beene reserved or payable that then upon every such Lease there shall be reserved a reasonable Rent not being under the fourth part of the cleere yearely value of the Parks Lands Tenements or Hereditaments contained in such Lease.

And bee it further ordained and enacted by Authority of this present Parliament that all Covenants Conditions and Reservations and other Agreements contained in every Lease Grant or Copy heretofore made or hereafter so to bee made as aforesaid shall bee good and effectuall in Law according to the words and contents of the same as well for and against them to whom the Reversion of the same Lands Tenements or Hereditaments shall come as for and against them to whom the Interest of the said Leases Grants or Copies shall come respectively as if our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majesde at the time of the making of such Covenantf Conditions and Reservations and other Agreements were seized of an absolute indefeasable Estate in Fee simple in the same Lands Tenements or Hereditaments Saving alwaies to all and every person & Persons Bodies Politique and Corporate theire Heires and Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes (other then our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majesde and His Heires and all and every person and persons that shall hereafter have inherit or enjoye the said Dukedom of Comwal by force of any Act of Parliament or other limitation whatsoever) all such Rights Titles Estates Customes Interest Termes Claimes and Demands whatsoever [ of what kind nature or quality whatsoever ‘] of in to or out of the said Offices Lands Tenements or Hereditaments or any of them as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this Act to all intents and purposes and in as large and ample manner and form as if this Act had never beene had or made This Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.

For and against whom Covenants, Conditions, Arc. in inch Leases, fee. to be good.

General Sating.

ITEM quedam PetitiOes privatas Personas concementes (in se formam Actus continentes) exhibite fuerunt Pdido Domino Regi [in1] Parliament pdido quap Tituli subscribuntur.

i. An Act for confirming an Act for restoring [of1] the Marquesse of Hertford in the Dukedome of Somersett. a. An Act for dividing Trinity Church in Kingston upon Hull from Hasle

3. An Act to enable Algernon Peyton Doctor of Divinity to make sale of parte of his Lands for payment of Debts &c.

4. An Act for confirming an Act for restitution of Thomas Earle of Arundell Surry and Norfolke to the Dignity and Title of Duke of Norfolke.

5. An Act for confirming of Private Acts

1 interlined on the Roll.

4U

( 350 )

Anno 14° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1662.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by divers Adjournments continued until the Nineteenth Day of May,

In the Fourteenth Year of the same King,

And from thence prorogued until the Eighteenth Day of February

THEN NEXT FOLLOWING.

ftotulo parliament! He anno ftegnt ftegtg Carol! &ecunfti, Decimo quarto.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato et tento apud Westmonasterium Ofiavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenissimi et Excellentissimi Dni nri Caroii Secundi Dei Gra Anglie Scocie Fran? et Hitonie Regis Fidei Defensoris See Dedmo tertio et per diversa adjournamenta usq> ad dedmum nonu Die Maij Anno d$ Dni Regis decimo quarto continual et abinde usqN in decimu odavu diem Februarij tunc proxime sequenf progaf Communi omniu Dnop tam Spirituals quam Temporaliu Sc Coitatis consensu et Regie Majestads assensu sancita inaedtata et stabilita fuerunt sequenda Statuta ad verbum ut sequitur viz*.

Publique Acts.

Rot, Pari, 14 C.II, p. 1. mu. 1.

Recital that Quaker* hare maintained that the taking an Oath it unlawful, and refuted to take Oath

and that they met together to the endangering the public Peace.

Any Person maintaining tuclt Doctrine*, refuting to take lawful Oath;

or by printing, Arc. maintaining tuch Doctrine;

if tuch Pertont depart from their Habitation*, and assemble to the Number of Five, &c.;

CHAPTER L

An Act for preventing the Mischeifs and Dangers that may arise by certaine Persons called Quakers and others

refusing to take lawfull Oaths.

WHEREAS of late times certaine persons under the names of Quakers and other names of Separation have taken up and maintained sundry dangerous Opinions and Tenents and (amongst others) that the taking of an Oath in any case whatsoever although before a lawfull Magistrate is altogeather unlawfull and contrary to the word of God and the said persons do daily refuse to take an Oath though lawfully tendred whereby it often happens that the truth is wholly suppressed and the Administration of Justice much obstru&ed And whereas the said Persons under a pretence of Religious Worship do often assemble themselves in great numbers in several parts of this Realm to the great endangering of the Publick Peace and Safety and to the terror of the People by maintaining a secret and strict correspondence amongst themselves and in the meane time separating and dividing themselves from the rest of his Majesties good and loyall Subjects and from the Pubilick Congregations and usual Places of Divine Worshipp. For the redressing therefore and better preventing the many mischeifs and dangers that do and may arise by such dangerous Tenents and such unlawful Assemblies Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Comons assembled in Parliament and by Authoritie of the same That if any person or persons who maintain that the taking of an Oath in any case whatsoever (although before a lawfull Magistrate) is altogeather unlawfull and contrary to the word of God from and after the Foure and twentieth day of March in this present yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty

and one shall wilfully and obstinately refuse to take an Oath where by the Laws of the Realm he or she is or

shal be bound to take the same being lawfully and duly tendred or shall endeavour to perswade any other person to whom any such Oath shal in like manner be duly and lawfully tendred to refuse and forbeare the taking of the same or shall by Printing Writing or otherwise go about to maintaine and defend that the taking of an Oath in any case whatsoever is altogeather unlawful And if the said persons comonly called Quakers shall at any time after the said foure and twentieth day of March depart from the places of theire severall habitations and assemble

themselves to the number of five or more of the age of sixteen yeares or upwards at any one time in any place

under pretence of joyning in a Religious Worship not authorized by the Lawes of this Realm that then in al and

A.D. 1662.

14° Cab.II. c. 1,2.

351

every such cases the party so offending being thereof lawfully convict by verdict of twelve men or by his owns confession or by the notorious evidence of the fad shall loose and forfeit to the Kings Majesty His Heires and Successors for the first offence such sQm as shall be imposed upon him or her not exceeding five pounds And if any person or persons being once convicted of any such offence shall againe offend therein and shall inform aforesaid be thereof lawfully convicted shall for the second offence forfeit to the King our Soveraigne Lord His Heires and Successors such sum as shall be imposed upon him or her not exceeding ten pounds The said respective penalties to be levied by distresse and sale of the parties goods so convicted by warrant of the parties before whom they shall be so convicted rendring the overplus to the owners if any be and for want of such distresse or non payment of the said penalty within one weeke after such conviction that then the said parties so convicted shall for the [first1] offence be committed to the Comon Goal or house of Corredion for the space of three montbes and for the second offence during six monthes without baile or Mainprise there to be kept at hard labour which said moneys soe to be levied shall be paid to such person or persons as shall be appointed by those before whom they shall be convicted to be imployed for the increase of the stock of the house of correction to which they shall be committed and providing materials to set them on worke And if any person after he in form aforesaid hath been twice convict of any of the said offences shall offend the third time and be thereof in form aforesaid lawfully convict that then every person so offending & convict shall for his or her third offence abjure the Realme or otherwise it shall and may bee lawfoll to and for His Majestie His Heires and Successors to give order and to cause him [herr] or them to be transported in any Ship or Ships to any of His Majesties Plantations beyond the Seas.

And it is ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every [Justice1] of Oyer and Terminer Justices of Assize and Goal Delivery and the Justices of the Peace shall have full Power and Authority in every of theire open and general Sessions to enquire heare and determine all and every the said Offences within the limits of theire Commission to them directed and to make Processe for the execution of the same as they may do against any person being indicted before them of Trespas or lawfully convicted thereof

And be it alsoe enacted That it shall and may be lawfoll to and for any Justice of Peace Maior or other cheife Officer of any Corporation within theire several Jurisdictions to commit to the Comon Goal or bind over with sufficient Sureties to the Quarter Sessions any person or persons offending in the Premisses in order to his or theire conviction aforesaid

Provided alwaies and be it hereby further enacted That if any of the said persons shall after such conviction as aforesaid take such Oath or Oathes for which hee or shee stands committed and alsoe give security that he or she shall for the time to come forbear to meet in any such unlawfoll Assembly as aforesaid that then and from thence forth such person and persons shall be discharged from all the penalties aforesaid Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and singuler Lords of the Parliament for every third offence committed against the tenor of this Act shall be tried by theire Peers and not otherwise.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for repairing the High wayes and Sewers and for paving and keeping clean of the Streets in and about the Cities of London & Westminster and for reforming of Annoyances and Disorders in the Streets of and places adjacent to the said Cities and for the Regulating and Licensing of [Hackey3] Coaches and for the enlarging of several strait & inconvenient Streets and Passages.

FORASMUCH as the Common High wayes leading unto and from the Cities of London and Westminster and the Suburbs thereof and other places within the present Weekly Bills of Mortality by reason of the multitude

of Houses lately built and through the stopping and filling up the Ditches and Sewers and neglect of timely

reparations are at present and for some yeares past have beene so miry and foul as is not only very noisom dangerous and inconvenient to the inhabitants thereabouts but to all the Kings Leige people riding and travelling to and from the said Cities May it therefore please your most Excellent Majestie [that it may be enacted & be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie'] by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and

Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That for the

surveying ordering and managing of the said High wayes Streets Allies and other passages within the said Cities and places aforesaid and all things necessary for the repairing paving or keeping clean thereof there be from hence forward Commissioners to be nominated by His Majesty under the Great Seale of England not exceeding the number of One and Twenty besides such other Commissioners as are by this Act nominated and appointed (whereof the Surveyor of His Majesties [wo 4] for the time being to be alwaies one) that shall have theire place of meeting att the Office of His Majesties workes in Scotland yard or at some one other place as they or the greater number of them at any meeting shall direct from time to time as there shall be occasion which said Commissioners or any five or more of them att theire meeting as aforesaid shall have foil power and authority to order and direct the making of any new Vaults or Sewers or to cut into any Dreine or Sewer already made

• interlined on the Roll. • Justices 0. * Hackney 0. 4 The Roll is illegible here, but it is « Workes " in the Original Act.

First Offence, Penalty.

Second Offeree, Penalty.

Distress.

If no Distress, or Non-payment of Penalty.

Imprisonment for First Offence.

For Second Offence.

Penalties how employed.

Third Offeree, Abjuration of the Realm, or Transportation.

II.

Justices of Oyer and Terminer, See. at General Sessions may determine Offences.

III.

Justices of Peace, Mayors, &c. may commit or bind over.

IV.

Proviso for Persona convicted taking the Oaths and giving Security.

V.

Lords of Parliament tried by their Peers.

Roi, Pari. 14C.IJ. p. I. a*. a.

Recital of the bad State of the Common Highways leading to and from London and Westminster.

Commissioners to be nominated under the Great Seal;

of whom Surveyor of His Majesty's Works to be one. Place of Meeting. Power of Commissioners to make Vaults, Sewers, Drains, & c.

352

14° Car. II. c. 2.

A.D. 166SL

and to remote Encroachments, fee.

Proviso as to Encroachments that have continued above 30 Years.

Proceedings where Owners of such Encroachments refuse Satisfaction.

II.

Power to Commissioners to view

Encroachments, fee. Not removing. Penalty.

III.

Recital that it is thought fit to repair certain Streets, fee.

Inhabitants of such Streets and adjoining thereto to pay towards paving, fee.

Rate.

TV.

Driving and letting to Hire Hackney Coaches and Horses,

(Proviso ior Stage Coached)

without License from certain Commissioners.

Height of Horses used with such Coaches.

Number.

Mark on Coach. Number of Coaches kept by one Person, fee.

Penalty *£5,

V.

To what Persons Commissioners may grant Licenses.

Priority to ancient Coachmen and their Widows.

VI.

Commissioners licensing above the Number, Penalty 4?ioo.

or the altering enlarging amending cleansing or scowring of any old Vaults Sinks or Common Sewers or for the making amending or altering of any new or old pavements or taking away [thecross Gutters or Channells in all or any of the streets and places aforesaid and for the removing of all kind of Nusances or any encroachment by Sheds Stalls Bulks Stoops Posts or Wall beyond the old Foundations into the Streets in such places which shall be adjudged inconvenient and to hinder the passage Provided that such encroachments as are aforementioned which are Nusances that have continued above thirty yeares last past shall not be removed untill reasonable satisfaction shall be given by the said Commissioners to the party or parties that shall suffer thereby And if any person or persons that owne the said encroachments or shall not accept of such reasonable satisfaction as shall be tendred or offered by the said Commissioners appointed for the Streets for the pulling downe or removing such Nusances or encroachmentf as have beene continued before the time aforesaid That then and in such cases of refusall the Barons of the Exchequer upon a Petic&n preferred to them by the party greived shall have power and

are required by this Act to adjudge what satisfaction shall be fit for the said person or persons to receive for

the removing or pulling downe any such Nusance or encroachment

And to prevent for the future all manner of Timber and other irregular Buildings the said Commissioners or

any five or more of them are hereby impowred to take a veiw of all such Nusances or encroachments and irregular

Buildings which said veiw shall be a good conviction in Law and every person or persons having notice of the said veiw or conviction and shall not remove or take downe such Nusances or encroachments within one moneth after notice shall forfeit Forty shillings for every moneth the said Nusances or encroachments shall afterwards continue

And whereas the comon High wayes and new built Streets hereafter mentioned are thought fitt immediately to be repaired new paved or otherwise amended namely the street or way from the end of Petty France to St James House and one other street from St. James House up to the High way and one other street in St. James Feilds comonly called the Pall-mall and alsoe one other street begining from the Mews up to Pickadilly and from thence towards the Stone bridge to the furthermost building neere the Bull att the comer of Air streete be it therefore enacted That all and every person and persons owners or inhabitants of all and every the Houses built upon or adjoyning to the said wayes or streets so adjudged and thought fitt to bee paved and repaired shall according to theire severall Interests and Estates and in such proportions as the said Commissioners or any five of them shall thinke fit before the first day of May One thousand six hundred sixty two pay unto the said Commissioners or any five or more of them so met as aforesaid which shall be nominated for the paving of the said wayes or to such person or persons as they shall appoint such sum and sums of money towards the paving of the said streets or wayes and for the buying of new Stones and Gravell as shall amount to there severall proportions after the rate of sixteene pence for every square yard which the ground shall contain that lyes in front before every dwelling House Yards or Gardens belonging to the said dwelling House and in the same breadth extending to the midle of the High way or Street which lies before the said Houses Yards or Gardens belonging to the said dwelling Houses respectively.

And for the better preserving of the said Streets and for defraying of the residue of the charge of the said Pavements be it further enacted That from and after the First day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and two no person or persons shall presume to drive (excepting Stage Coaches) or let to hire by the houre or day or otherwise any Hackney Coach or Coach Horses within the Cities of London and Westminster or Suburbs of the same or within the Parishes comprised within the Bills of Mortality without an especiall leave or licence from such Commissioners as His Majesty shall appoint under the Great Seale for the Licensing and Regulating of Hackney Coaches according to the particular provisions and limitations of this Bill and that no Horse Gelding or Mare to be used with such Coaches shall be under the sise of fourteen hands high according to the Standard and that the number to be licensed shall not exceed Foure hundred And that every Coach so licensed shall have a marke of distinction by figure or otherwise as the Commissioners shall thinke fitt to the end they may be knowne if any complaint shall be made of them And that no person shall be licensed to keepe more then two Coaches which Coaches shall have every of them severall figures or markes of distinction in the same manner as if belonging to severall persons and that no person shall presume to put the same figure or marke of distinction upon his Coach that is appointed for any other Coach under the forfeiture of five pounds for every such offence one moyety whereof shall be to the Informer and the other moyety to bee paid to the Commissioners that shall be appointed for the paving and amending the streets.

And the said Commissioners for the licensing and regulating of Coaches are to take especial care not to license any person to drive or keepe any Hackney Coach or Coach Horses that useth any other trade or occupaC6n and in the first place to license all such persons as have beene ancient Coach men or such Coach men as have suffered for theire service and affections to His late Majesty or His Majesty that nowe is or the widdow or widdowes of any of them that have Coaches of theire owne

And in case the said Commissioners shall license more then the said number of four hundred Coaches every of the said Commissioners soe licensing shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such Coach so licensed above the said number whereof twenty pounds to the Informer and the residue to be for the repairing and paving the wayes and streets to be levied by distresse by warrant under the hands and Seales of five or more of the other Commissioners that shall be appointed for the paving and mending of the streets and High wayes

« of 0.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c.2,

353

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Hackney Coachman to licensed shall presume to Pftff take for his hire in or about the Cities of London and Westminster above the rate of ten shillings for a day reckoning twelve houres to the day and by the houre not above eighteen pence for the first houre and twelve pence for every houre after and that no Gentleman or other person shall pay from any of the Inns of Court or thereabouts to any part of St. James or City of Westminster (except beyond Tuttle-street above twelve pence and the same prices from the same places to the Inns of Court or places thereabouts and from any of the said Inns of Court or thereabouts to the Royall Exchange twelve pence and if to the Tower of London or to Bishopsgate street or Algate or thereabouts eighteen1 ] pence and so from the same places to the said Inns of Court as aforesaid and the like rates from and to any place at the like distance with the places before mend&ned And if any Coachman Taking grater shall refuse to go at or [shall * ] exadfc more for his hire then the severall Rates hereby limited he shall for every *1 such offence forfeit* the sum of ten shillings Penalty tot.

via

Rent to be paid by Coachmen.

And be it further Enacted That every Coach so licensed as aforesaid shall pay to the Comissioners that shall be appointed for the regulating and licensing of Hackney Coaches the yearely Rent of five pounds and no more whereof fifty shillings shall be paid at or before the twenty sixth day of May One thousand six bundled sixty and two and the sum of five and twenty shillings att or upon the feast day of St. Michael the Archangel! next coming and Twenty five shillings att the Feast of the Nadvide of our Lord Christ and from thenceforward to bee paid quarterly at the foure most usual! Feasts of the yeare by equall porfons (that is to say) at the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin, St. John the Baptist, St. Michael the Archangell and the Nadvide of our Lord Christ which said sum and sums of money the said Commissioners for the Hackney Coaches shall from rime to time pay or cause to be paid to the Commissioners appointed for the paving and amending of the Streets and High wayes within [the1] Bill contained or to such Treasurer or Receiver as they shall appoint And the said Commissioner! for Hackney Coaches shall likewise from time to time cerdfie to the Commissioners appointed for the paving of the Streets and High wayes the names and dwellings of all such persons as they shall license to drive or keepe Hackney Coaches togeather with the severall figures or markes of distinction which are appointed to belong and be affixed to the severall Coaches to the intent that discovery may the better be made of any abuses that shall be committed if any shall presume to affix the figure or marke of distinction to any Coach which belong of right to another and whereby the Comissioners for the paving and amending the Streets and High wayes shall be enabled to call the said Comissioners for the Hackney Coaches rot a true and due accompt And in any case any overplus shall be of the moneys appointed by this Act to be raised for the paving and mending the Wayes and Streets as aforesaid then such overplus shall be imployed towards the enlargment of such Streets or Places as are to be enlarged by vertue of this Act

Payable Quarterly.

To whom Rest to be paid.

Commissioner* for Hackney Coaches to certify to Commisoonert for Paring Names and Dwelling of licensed Coachmen, and Figures affixed to their Coaches.

Overplus of Paving Rates how employed.

And bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every load of Hay which from the first day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and two shall be brought and stand to be sold upon any the wayes hereby in this Act of Hav and Straw expressed and adjudged fitt to be new paved shall pay six pence for every load and likewise every Cart of Straw to be brou^"t 10 *#oW* sold in the said places shall after the said day pay two pence which said sums shall be paid to the Commissioners To whom to be paid, which shall be appointed for the paving and amending the High wayes and Streets or such as they shall appoint for and towards the paving of the Streets and High wayes.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Fines Rents .forfeitures and penalties as shall growe Penljtjc^c tobc

due and payable to the said Commissioners by this Act shall be levied by distresse upon the goods and Chattells of the levied by Distress.

Offender or Offenders by warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners or any five or more of them which

shall be appointed by His Majesty which shall bee sold within Fourteen dayes and the overplus returned to the owner rauroed

and in default of distresse or [ non * ] payment the person or persons so offending or neglecting to pay shall lie in to Owner.

prison without Bail or Mainprize till he or they have paid such Rent Fine Forfeiture and Penalty as was due If °°t Distress, Sec. from him or them mpnsonment.

And the said Commissioners for the Streets and Wayes or any five or more of them so met as aforesaid are hereby impowred to appoint a Treasurer or Collector and Clerke to attend them or such other Officer or Officers as they shall find necessary for the carrying on of the said Service with such moderate allowances as shall be fitt And in cm any person shall propose to carry away the ashes dirt and other Filth for all or any the places aforesaid at lesse rates then the yearely Raker or Undertaker can or will performe the same the said Commissioners shall have power and are hereby authorized to contradfc with such person and for such term as they shall thinke fitt and they are alsoe to require an accompt from time to time of all Scavingers within the said places and all other person [or4] persons that shall receive or disburse any moneys for the purposes in this Bill contained as often as they or any five or more of them so met as aforesaid shall thinke fitting and necessary and shall heare and determine all Disputes and Differences concerning the right and duty of paving and keeping clean any of the Streets Lanes or Allies or publique Yards within the places aforesaid

Provided alwaies That the respective Scavingers Rakers or (5) Undertakers shall have liberty by the approbaeftn of the said Comissioners or any five or more of them so met as aforesaid to lodge theire Ashes Dust Dirt or other Filth in such vacant publick places in or neere the Streets or High wayes as shall be thought convenient by the said Commissioners for the accommodating of Countrey Carts returning empty And the said Scavengers Rakers or other Undertakers shall have liberty to passe through such Wharffs Docks or Yards with theire Ashes Dust

XI.

Commissioners for Paving may appoint Treasurer and other Officers { and may contract for taking a war Ashes, Re.

and may rail Scavengers to account|

and may determine Disputes as to Paving, Sec.

XII. Scavengers, Sec. lodging their Ashes, Ac. regulated by Commissioners; and their passing through Places with their Carts;

• 4 I

354

14° Caji. II. c. 2

A.D. 1662,

and giving Satisfm6bon to Owner*.

Appeal from the Determination of Commissioner*.

XIII.

Court of Exchequer may call Commissioners to account.

XIV. Commissioners in Trinity Term to account to the Exchequer.

XV.

A Decree made in a Session of Sewers at Westminster Hall, dated 8th August x 661, ratified;

XVI. Recital that Sea Coal Ashes, See. are thrown into the Streets. Inhabitants to sweep the Streets before their respective Houses twice a Weeks

Penalty 3s. 46.

XVII. Persons not to throw Ashes, &c. before their Houses;

Penalty 58.

nor before other Houses, or before Churches, Sec.

but to keep the tame till the Scavengers come;

Penalty so*.

XVIII. Churchwardens and Officers of Palaces, Sec. liable to the like Penalties.

Dirt tec as shall hr judged by the Commissioners to be most commodious for the carrying the same by water they giving satisfaction to the owners or occupiers of such wharffs or Yards and in case of unreasonable Demands the said Commissioners shall heare moderate' & determine the same according to equity and good conscience and in case any person or persons shall find him or themselves agreived or $udiced by such determina£6n of the said Commissioners [or by any other the Acts or Proceedings of the said Commissioners1 ] wherein he or they shall Conceive themselves relievable in Justice or Equity the said, party so aggreived shall and may have recourse in all cases to the Lord Treasurer Chancellor of the Exchequer and Barons of the Court of Exchequer to set forth his or theifie case by Petifftn Bill or Plaint And the said Court is hereby impowred in such case of Appeale to heare and determine all matters to them complained of concerning the same and thereupon to revoke make void alter or confirm such Acts or Proceedings of the said Commissioners as shall be agreeable to Equity and Justice

And the said Court of Exchequer is hereby alsoe further impowred yearely to call the said Commissioners to an account for all Rents Fines Penalties Contributions or any other sum or sums of money payable or that shall come to tbeire or any of theire hands for any [of1 ] the purposes in this Act intended

And the said Commissioners are hereby required at or before [the end of1] every Trinity Terme to deliver in a true account before the Barons of the said Court of all theire Receipts and Disbursements for the yeare ended at Easter then past and in default thereof Processe shall of course be made forth against the said Commissioners by the Clarke of the Extracts of the said Court at the Sealing day for the said Trinity Terme every yeare respectively

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Decree made at a Session of Sewers at Westminster Hall within the City of Westminster and County of Middlesex the Eighth day of August One thousand six hundred sixty and one holden before John Lord Roberts Lord Privy Seal James Duke of Ormond in the Kin^dome of Ireland Lord Steward of His Majesties Household and Earle of Brecknock Mountague Earle of Lindsey Edward Earle of Manchester and others the Commissioners of Sewers then and [theire1] assembled by Authority of His Majesties Commission of Sewers to them and others directed for the making of two new Sewers and enlarging and amending the old Sewers near Charing Crosse for conveying the water away from annoying His Majesties Pallace at Whitehall be and is hereby ratified and confirmed and shall be put in execution according to the true intent and meaning thereof with full power to levy all the Arreares as by a Commission of Sewers can or may be done And all and every person & persons imployed or that have acted therein be and are hereby indemnified and saved harmless from all manner of Suites and Actions that may or shall be brought against any of them for the same

And whereas great quantities of Sea-coal-ashes dust dirt and other filth of late times have beene and daily are throwne into the Streets Lanes and Allies of the Cities of London and Westminster and Borough of Southwark and other parts adjacent to the great annoyance of Your Majesties good People Bee it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons inhabiting within the said Cities of London and Westminster and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof and the Borough of Southwarke or in any of the said new built Streets Lanes or Allies shall from the first day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and two sweep and cleanse or cause to be swept & cleansed all the Streets Lanes Allyes and publick places before theire respective Houses Buildings and Walk twice every weeke That is to say on every Wednesday and every Saturday in the Weeke and all the soyle dirt and other filth shall cause to be taken up into Baskets Tubs or other Vessells ready for the Raker Scavenger or other Officer appointed for that purpose to carry away upon pain to forfeit Three shillings and foure pence for every offence or neglect respectively.

And that no person or persons whatsoever shall throw cast or lay or cause permit or suffer to be throwne cast or laid any Sea-coal ashes dust dirt or other filth or annoyance in any open Street Lane or Alley within the said Cities or places aforesaid before or against his her or theire owne dwelling Houses Buildings or Walls on the penalty df Five shillings and if before the Houses Buildings or Walls of any of theire Neighbors or other the Inhabitants of the cities or places aforesaid or before or against any Church or Church yard or any of His Majesties Houses Buildings or Walk or any other publick Houses Buildings or places whatsoever or shall cast lay or throwe or cause to be cast laid or throwne into any common or publick sink vault watercourse common sewer or high way within the said Cities or places aforesaid or any other private Vault or Sink of any of his Neighbors or other Inhabitants any Ashes Dust Filth Ordure or other noisome thing whatsoever but shall keepe or cause the same to be kept in theire respective Houses Backsides or Yards untill such time as the Raker Scavenger or other Officer thereto appointed of the Ward Parish Street or pkee where they dwell do come by or neare theire houses or doores with his Cart Barrow or other thing or things used for cleansing the streets and carrying away thereof and shall carry or cause to be carried the said Ashes Dust or other Filth and Annoyance aforesaid forth of theire Houses and deliver it unto the said Raker Scavenger or Officer or otherwise put the same in his Cart Barrow or other thing as aforesaid upon pain to forfeit the sum of Twenty shillings for every such offence.

And be it further Enacted That the respective Church-wardens the House keepers of Whitehall and other His Majesties Houses House keepers or Porters of Noblemens Houses Ushers Porters or Keepers of Courts of Justice and all other Publick Houses and Places respectively shall be lyable to and shall suffer the like Penalties Forfeitures and Punishments for every the before mentioned offences or neglects committed done or suffered to be done before any Church or Church yard or before any of His Majesties Houses Buildings or Walk or before any Noblemens Houses Buildings or Walk or before any other Publick Houses Buildings or places whatsoever respectively.

.4.0.1662.

14° Car. II. c. 2.

355

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the First day of May One thousand XIX. dx hundred sixty and twoe no person or persons shall hoope wash or cleanse any Pipes Barrells or other Cashes j

or Vessells in any the Streets Lanes or open Passages aforesaid nor shall set out [any1] empty Coaches to make or Tnend or rough Timber or Stones to be sawen or wrought in the Streets on the penalty of Twenty shillings for Penalty sec. every offence

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Rakers Scavengers or other Officers thereunto appointed every day in the weeke (except Sundayes and other Holydayes) shall bring or cause to be brought to bring Carte, See. Carts Dung pots or other fitting carriages into all streets and places within theire respective Wards Parishes thwcof^by ^BelT

Charges and Divisions where such Carts or Carriages can pass and att or before theire approach by a Bell Home arc.

Clapper or otherwise shall make distinCt and loud noise and give notice to the Inhabitants of theire coming and

make the like noise and give the like notice in every Court Alley or place into which the said Carts cannot

passe and abide and stay there a convenient time in such sort that all persons concerned may bring forth theire

respective Ashes Dust Dirt Filth and Soil to the respective Carts or Carriages so staying as aforesaid all which the

said Rakers Scavengers or other Officers aforesaid shall dayly carry or cause to be carried away upon pain to Penalty 400.

forfeit forty shillings for every offence or neglect respectively.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all the open Streets Lanes and Alleys within the said Cities and Places aforesaid (excepting only the new Paving of such Streets and Places for which any of (f) the Inhabitants have contributed and paid theire respective proportions to the Commission^ before named according to the Rates aforesaid shall be forthwith sufficiently repaired or paved & from time to time hereafter maintained and kept sufficiently repaired or paved at the costs and charges of the Householders in the same Streets Lanes and Alleys respectively in manner following (that is to say) every of the said Householders to repaire and pave and to keepe repaired and paved the Streets Lanes or Alleys before his House and so far as his Housing Walls or Building extend unto the [Channell3] or middle of the same Street Lane or Alley upon pain to forfeit Twenty shillings for every Perch or Rod (and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity) for every default and of Penalty. Twenty shillings a weeke for every weeke after untill the same shall be sufficiently paved and amended

XXI.

All the Streets, Sec. (Exception ) to be] paved. Sec. at the Costs of the Householders.

How such Pavements to be done.

Provided alwaies That such ancient Streets Lanes and Alleys within the said Cities or either of them the Suburbs and Liberties thereof and Borough of Southwark as by custome and usage have beene repaired & paved in other manner si^all be hereafter repaired paved and maintained in such sort and manner and by such person and persons as have heretofore used to repaire pave and maintaine the same under the penalties aforesaid Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

XXII. Proviso for Custom of paving ancient Street*, &c.

Penalty.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every householder within the said Cities the Suburbs and Liberties thereof and in all other the places aforesaid whose house adjoyns unto and is next the for hanging Street from Michaelmas untill our Lady day yearely shall every night set or hang out Candles or lights in Lanthornes or other wise in some part of his house next the street to enlighten the same for Passengers from such time as it shall growe [darke4] untill Nine of the clocke in the evening upon pain to forfeit the sum of One shilling Penalty i*. for every default.

XXIV. Judge*, Justice* of Peace, See. upon View or Confession, or Proof by one Witness, may convifk of any of the Offences aforesaid.

Penalties how to be disposed of.

And for the more speedy Reformation and punishment of all and [every5] the offences aforesaid Bee it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every one of His Majesties Justices of either Bench and Barons of his Exchequer and every Justice of Peace of the said Cities of London and Westminster and places aforesaid (within theire severall Limitts respectively) shall have power and Authority upon his own knowledge or view confession of the party or proof of one credible witnesse upon Oath before him (which Oath by vertue of this Act such Justice shall have power to administer) to conviCt any person or persons of any the Offences aforesaid whereby such persons or persons so conviCt shall incur the penalties and forfeitures aforesaid one Moyety whereof shall be disposed and imployed for and towards the reparation paving and cleansing of the Street or place where the offence shall bee committed and as much or all of the other Moyety as the Justice shall thinke fitt for him or them that shall discover and prosecute the same in case the said conviction be' by such discovery and prosecution and if the conviction be by the view or knowledge of such Justices then the said whole penalty to go and be imployed for and towards the repairing paving and cleansing of the said streets or place and shall be leavyed by distresse and sale of the Goods and Chattells of the Offender by warrant under the hand and seale of any such Justice to be directed to the Constable or any other Officer of the same Parish rendring the surplusage to the party and in default of distresse or non payment of the said penalties within six dayes after demand thereof or notice in writing left att the House or dwelling place of the offender by the said Constable or any other Officer the said Offender not being a Peer of this Realm shall bee committed to the Common Goal of the said County or City respectively by the warrant of any such Justice under his hand and seale there to remain without Bail or Mainprize untill payment

And for the better raising and leavying of moneys to defray the charges and pay the wages of the said XXV.

Scavengers Rakers or other Officers imployed in cleansing of the Streets Lanes Alleys and other places aforesaid fwt^fandRiu^s

and carrying of the said ashes dirt filth and soyle. Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That within »ccording to

CuttoiB*

the City of London and Liberties thereof the Scavengers Rakers and such like Officers shall be elected and the

Penalties to be levied by Distress;

if no Distress or Non-payment of Penally,

( Exception of Peers) Imprisonment.

14° Car. II. c. 2.

A.D. 1662.

Receivers

Accountable,

Officers bow to be chosen in Westminster. Times of Election in other Places.

Notice.

What Persons to be appointed.

To be confirmed by Justices;

and then to take Office upon them. Proceeding* in case of Refusal.

Penalty.

Penalties how to be employed;

to be levied by Distress.

If no Distress, Imprisonment.

XXVI. Within so Days after Election of Scavengers, Inhabitants to meet on Summons of Church wardens,&c. and settle Rate;

which being confirmed by Justices, to be paid Quarterly.

In case of Refusal, fire. to pay, Distress or Imprisonment. Except Peers.

XXVII. Action brought against Persons executing A A to be laid in the proper County.

General Issue.

Double Costs.

XXVIII. Recital that certain Streets, fire, are too narrow to accommodate Coaches, fire.

Rates Taxes and Assessments for Scavengers Rakers and such like Officers wages for cleansing the Streets shall be rated taxed assessed raised and paid by the Parishoners and Inhabitants of every Parish and p*dnd respectively within the said City and Liberties thereof according to the ancient custome and usage of the said City And the Receivers of all such moneys shall be accomptable as formerly And all new Messuages Tenements and Houses within the limits aforesaid shall be likewise rated taxed and assessed and shall pay proportionably with others. And that within the City of Westminster the said Officers shall be chosen and the Rates made and paid according to the ancient Custom of the said City And in ali other the Parishes and places aforesaid upon every Tuesday or Wednesday in Easter weeke the Constables Church wardens and Overseers for the poore and Surveyors of the High wayes of every the said Parishes and places respectively or the greater number of them giving notice unto or calling togeather such other Inhabitants of theire respective Parishes as have formerly borne the like Offices therein they or the greater number of them shall make choice of and shall nominate and appointe two or more able persons that are Tradesmen of theire Parish to be Scavengers for the streets lanes and other open Passages of each Ward and Division within the said Parish for the yeare then next following and untill others be chosen and setled in theire places which persons soe chosen and being approved and confirmed under the hands of any two Justices of Peace within theire respective Limits and Jurisdictions shall within seaven dayes after theire Election and Confirmation and notice thereof take that Office and Duty upon them upon pain to forfeit Twenty pounds by every refuser respectively And in case of refosall by any person or persons so chosen and confirmed then other able persons shall be chosen and confirmed in manner aforesaid within seaven dayes after such refosall in the place of him or them which shall soe refuse and the person or persons so chosen and confirmed and having notice thereof shall undergoe the like paine in case of refosall or not taking the said Office and Duty upon him or them within seaven dayes after he or they shall be chosen and confirmed and have notice thereof as aforesaid the said Penalties to be disposed and imployed for or towards the mending and repairing of the Streets and Wayes of the same Parish Ward or Division and to be levied by Distresse and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender by Warrant under the hand and seale of any Justice of the Peace of any of the places aforesaid to be directed to the Constables or other Officers of the same Parish or any twoe or more of them (rendring the surplusage to the party) and in default of distresse or [non1] payment within six dayes after demaund thereof or notice left in writing att the house or dwelling place of the offender by the said Constables or Officers the said offender to be committed to the Goale of the said County or City respectively by the warrant of any such Justice under his Hand and Seale there to xemaine without Baile or Mainprize until payment.

And be it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That within Twenty dayes after the Election and Confirmation of the said Scavengers as aforesaid the Constables Church Wardens and Overseers for the Poore and of the High wayes of the said Parishes and Places respectively or the greater number of them giving notice unto or calling togeather such Inhabitants of theire respective Parishes as have formerly borne the like office therein They or the greater number of them then present shall make and setle a Tax Rate or Assessment according to a Pound rate to be imposed or set upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish Ward or Division for the yeare following for the purposes aforesaid which being allowed and confirmed by any two of the Justices of the Peace of the places aforesaid respectively shall be quarterly paid by every respective Inhabitant upon demaund made thereof by the Beadle of the Parish or other Officer appointed to gather and collect the same And in case of refosall or neglect shall by warrant of any two such Justices of the Peace under theire Hands and Seales be levied by Distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goods and for want of Distresse by Imprisonment of the Offender (he not being a Peere of this Realme) untill payment as aforesaid.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or prosecuted by any person or persons against any Judge Commissioner Justice of the Peace Constable or other Officer or Minister aforesaid or against any person or persons imployed by them or any of them or authorized by this Act to do or perform as by this Act is directed for any matter cause or thing by them or any of them done committed or executed by vertue or reason of this Act or any Clause or Article therein contained that then in every such case the Action shall be laid in the proper County where the fact was done and not else where and the Defendant or Defendants may plead the General Issue and give the speciall Matter in Evidence att the Tryall That the same was done in pursuance and by Authorise of this Act And if upon Examination it shall soe appeare to be done the Jury shall find for the Defendant and in such [case*] or if the Plaintiffe shall be Non suit or discontinue his Action after the Defendant hath appeared the Defendant shall have and recover his or theire double costs which he or they shall sustaine or be put unto by reason of his or theire wrongfoll vexation in defence of the said Action or Suit.

And whereas the severall Streets and Passages hereafter mentioned (that is to say) The Street or Passage at or neere the Stocks in London the Street and Passage from Fleet Conduit to S'. Pauls Church in London the Passage through the White Hart Inne from the Strand into Corent Garden The Street and Passage by and neare Exeter house and the Savoy being obstruded by a Rail and the unevennes of the ground thereabouts the Passage and Street of S*. Martins lane out of the Strand* the Passage or Street of Feild lane comonly called Jack an Apes lane going betweene Chancery lane and Lincolns-Inn Feilds the Passage and Gatehouse of Cheape side into S'. Pauls Church yard the Passage against S'. Dunstans Church in the West (being obstruded by a Wall) the Street and Passage by and neere the West end of the Poultrey in London and the Passage att Temple Barr are soe narrow that they are incommodious to Coaches Carts and Passengers and prejudicial to Commerce and Tradeing Bee it Enacted

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 2.

357

by the Authority aforesaid That the Lord Maior of the City of London the Recorder and Aldermen for the time being togeather with such other Commissioners as His Majesty shall appoint under the Great Seale of England or any five of them shall have full Power and Authority to receive all Subscriptions and Payments of voluntary contributions of money or other endowments towards the Amendment and Enlargement of the Streets and places before named or soe much of them or any of them as the said Commissioners or any five or more of them shall judge fit and necessary And are hereby further impowred to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of any such Houses as they shall judge fitt to be removed rebuilt or pulled downe or any part of them and upon payment of such sum or sums of money soe ^ agreed upon are hereby authorized to appoint workemen to pull the said Houses downe or cause the said Owners or Occupiers to rebuild accordingly and this Act shalbe sufficient to indempnifie the said Commissioners and all persons authorized by them against the Heires Executors Administrators or Asrigne8 of any the said Owners or Occupiers as if the same had beene sold by Deed Feoffment bargain and sale or other assurance in the Law and done by Fine and Recovery or any other way whatsoever And if there shall be any persons Bodies Corporate or Collegiate that shall wilfully refuse to treat and agfee as aforesaid or through any disability by Non age Coverture or a speciall Entaile or other Impediment cannot That in such Cases the said CommissioSs are hereby authorized by vertue of this Act to issue out Warrant or Warrantf to the Sherrife of London whoe are hereby required accordingly to impannell and return a Jury before the said Commissioners or any five of them which Jury upon theire Oathes to be administred by the said Commissioners are to enquire and assesse such damage and recompence as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the Owners and Occupiers or either of them of any such houses or any part thereof for theire respective Estates and Interest in the same as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged fitt to be pulled downe for the purposes aforesaid and such Verdict of the Jury & Judgement of the Commissioners thereupon and the legall payment or tender of the sum or sums of money so awarded and adjudged shall be binding to all intents and purposes against the said parties theire Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes and others claiming any Title or Interest in the said Houses or in the ground [whereupon * ] they stand or thereunto belonging and shall be a full Authority for the said Commissioners or any five of them to cause the same to be executed and the said Houses accordingly to be removed and pulled downe

And whereas the houses that shall remaine standing on the other side of the said Street or Streets or behind the said Houses that shall be soe pulled downe as aforesaid will receive much advantage in the value of theire Rents by the liberty of Air and free recourse for Trade and other conveniences by such enlargment It is alsoe enacted by (1) Authorise aforesaid That in case of refusall or incapacity as aforesaid of the Owners or Occupiers of the said Houses to agree and compound with the Commissioners for the same thereupon a Jury shall and may be impannelled in manner and forme aforesaid to judge and assess upon the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses such competent sum or sums of money or Annual Rent in consideracbn of such improvement and melioration as in reason and good conscience they shall judge and thinke fitt which said sum and sums of money or Rent shall be paid to the Chamberlaine of the City of London for the time being and such other Treasurer or Treasurers as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners or any five or more of them who are hereby enabled from time to rime to receive and recover the same by Action at Law and whose Receipt shall be a good Discharge to the said Owners and Tenants and who are hereby appointed to receive and pay and be accomptable for the same according to such directions as shall from rime to rime be given them by the said Commissioners and the Moneys so raised or Rents so received shall be expanded upon the Purchasing or Rebuilding Houses on the other side the Street and upon paving and amending of the Wayes and Streets aforesaid according to the purport of this Act And the said Verdict of the Jury and Judgement of the Commissioners in the cases aforesaid shall be sufficient and conclusive in Lawe to all intents & purposes against the said Owners and Occupiers theire Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes

Lord Mayor, Ac. may receive Hubtcriptiona for Enlargement thereof

and may treat with Owners of Premiers for pulling down,

Ac.

Where Persons refuse or are unable to treat. Sheriff, Ac. may impannel a Jury.

Jury to Damage, Ac. on Oath.

Verdict of Jury and Judgments of Commissioners binding.

XXIX. Houses on the other Side.

In case of Refusal or Incapacity of Owners to agree. Jury impannelled

in the

Money or Rent assessed paid into the Chamber of London, and may be recovered at Law.

Monies so raxaed how employed.

Verdict of Jury and Judgment of Commissioners binding.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no person shall be enabled to act ^ XXX-as a Commissioner to the intents and purposes aforesaid unrill he shall first have taken his corporall Oath before uke an Oath, the Lord Chancellor or Lord High Treasurer of England for the rime being for the due and impartial execution of the Trusts by this Act comitted to him.

Provided also That the Lord Maior Recorder & Aldermen of the City of London for the time being shalbe and are hereby authorized to be Joynt Comissioffs & to exercise all the Powers of this Act to all the ends & purposes thereof which are to be ordered done or executed within the said City or the Liberties thereof And likewise That the Deane of Westni the High Steward & his Deputy Steward & the two High Burgesses of the said City of Wesrih for the rime being shall be & are hereby authorized to be Joynt ComissioSs & to exercise all the Powers of this Act to all the ends k purposes thereof which are to be ordered done or executed within the said City of Westfii or the Liberties thereof Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. This Act to continue & be in force until! the end of the First Session of the next Pliament

XXXI.

Lord Mayor, &c. of London to be joint Commiaaonera.

Dean of

Westminster, Ac. to be joint Commissioner*.

Continuance of Act.

1 whereon O.

• the O.

*4 Y

14° Car. II. c. 3.

A.D.X662.

CHAPTER m.

R*. Pari. 14 C. II. P• *• S-

Recital that the Government of the Militia, &c. is in the King, and that Parliament cannot pretend to the same.

The King may issue Commissions of Lieutenancy.

Power of Lieutenants to arm Troops;

to appoint and give Commissions to Officers;

and to present Names of Deputy Lieutenants.

The King may displace such Officers.

Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants may train, &c. Troops.

An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom

FORASMUCH as within all His Majesties Realmes and Dominions the sole and supreame Power Government Command and Disposition of the Militia and of all Forces by Sea and Land and of all Forts and places of Strength is and by the Laws of England ever was the undoubted Right of His Majesty and His Royall Predecessors Kings and Queenes of England and that both or either of the Houses of Parliament cannot nor ought to {Ptend to the same nor can nor lawfully may raise or levy any War offensive or defensive against His Majesty His Heires or lawfoll Successors and yet the contrary thereof hath of late yeares beene practised almost to the mine and destruction of this Kingdome and during the late usurped Governments many evil and rebellious principles have beene instilled into the minds of the people of this Kingdome which may breake forth unless prevented to the disturbance of the peace and quiet thereof Bee it therefore declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the Kings most Excellent Majestie His Heires and Successors shall and may from time to time as occasion shall require issue forth severall Commissions of Lieutenancy to such persons as His Majesty His Heires and Successors shall thinke fit to be His Majesties Leiutenants for the severall & respective Counties Cities and places of England & Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed which Leiutenants shall have full power and authority to call togeather all such persons at such times and to arm and array them in such manner as is hereafter expressed and declared and to form them into Companies Troops and Regiments and in case of Insurrection Rebellion or Invasion them to lead conduct and imploy or cause to be [ lead 1 ] conducted and imployed as well within the said severall Counties Cities and places for which they shall be commissionated respectively as alsoe into any other the Counties and places aforesaid for suppressing of all such Insurrections and Rebellions and repelling of Invasions as may happen to bee according as they shall from time to time receive directions from His Majesty His Heires and Successors and that the said respective Leiutenants shall have full power and authority from time to time [to constitute appointe and give Commissions to such persons as they shall thinke fitt to be Colonels Majors Captaines and other Commission Officers of the said persons so to be armed arrayed and*] weaponed and to fPsent to His Majestie His Heires and Successors the names of such person and persons as they shall thinke fitt to be Deputy Leiutenants and upon His Majesties approbaCftn of them shall give them Deputac6ns accordingly Alwaies understood that His Majesty IBs Heires and Successors have power and authority to direct and order otherwise and accordingly att His and theire pleasure may appoint and commissionate or displace such Officers Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding And that the said Leiutenants respectively and in theire absence out of the Precincts and Limits of theire respective Leiutenandes or otherwise by theire directions the said Deputy Leiutenantf during theire said respective Deputations or any two or more of them shall have power from time to time to train exercise and put in readihes and alsoe to lead and conduCt the persons so to be armed arrayed and weaponed by the directions and to the intents and purposes as is hereafter expressed and declared

n.

Lieutenants, Arc. may charge Persons with Horsemen, Foot Soldiers, Scc.

What Estate shall render Persons liable to be charged.

And for the providing Horse and Armes and Furniture thereunto belonging for the arming and weaponing die persons aforesaid and alsoe for the defraying and paying the necessary charges thereunto belonging in manner as hereafter followeth Be it further Enacted That the said respective Leiutenants within the severall Counties Cities and places for which they are nominated respectively and theire Deputies or the maior part of such Leiutenants and Deputy Leiutenantf then present or in the absence of the Leiutenant or Leiutenants the maior part of the Deputy Leiutenants then pfcent which maior part shall bee three att the least have hereby foil Power and Authority to charge any person with Horse Horsman and Armes or with Foot Souldier and Armes in the same County Shire City Burrough or Towne Corporate where his her or theire Estates lie having respect unto and not exceeding the limitations and proportions hereafter mentioned (that is to say) No person shall be charged with finding a Horse Horseman and Armes unless such person or persons have a Revenue of Five hundred pounds by the yeare in possession or have an Estate of Six thousand pounds in goods or money besides the furniture of his or theire houses and so proportionably for a greater Estate in lands in possession or goods as the respective Lieutenants and theire Deputies as aforesaid in theire discretions shall see cause and thinke reasonable And they are not to charge any person with finding a Foot Souldier and Armes that hath not a yearely Revenue of Fifty pounds in* possession or a personal Estate of Six hundred pounds in goods or moneys (other then the stocke upon the ground) and after the aforesaid rate proportionably for a greater or lesser Revenue or Estate Nor shall they charge any person with the finding both of Horse and Foot in the same County.

Pertont^chargeable Provided That no person chargeable by this Act to finde [a*] Horse and Horseman with Armes or to be to find a Horseman, contributory towards finding an Horse and Horseman with Armes shall for the same Estate be chargeable towards for * Foot Souldier with Armes or contributory thereunto And it shall be lawfoll to and for the respective

for a Foot Soldier. Leiutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them as aforesaid to impose the finding and providing of Horse Horseman and Armes as aforesaid by joyning two or three or more persons togeather in the charge as to theire judgement shall appeare most conducible to the service of this Kingdome

Lieutenants, See. may join Persons chargeable.

> ledd 0.

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

5 an 0.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c.3

359

Provided That no person that hath not One hundred pounds per annO in possession in Lands Tenements or Hereditaments Leasehold or Copihold or Twelve hundred pounds personal Estate shall be compellable to contribute in finding any Horse and Horseman with Armes And the said respective Leiutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them shall have power to heare Complaints and examine Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath they have hereby power to administer) and [ to1 ] give redresse according to the merits of the cause in matters relating to the execution of this A

Be it further Enacted That the said Leiutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them in theire several Counties and places respectively shall require and direct all persons so charged as aforesaid with Horse Horsemen and Armes to allow Two shillings by the day to the Troopers that serve with theire Horse and Armes for the maintenance of the Man and Horse and Twelve pence a day for the Foot Souldiers (if they serve not in theire owne persons) for so many dayes as they shall be absent from theire Dwellings and Callings by occasion of Muster or Exercise.

And for furnishing Ammunition and other Necessaries the said respective Leiutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them shall have power to lay fitting Rates upon the respective Counties and Places not exceeding in the whole in any one yeare the proportion of a fourth part of One Moneths Assessment in each County after the Rate of Seaventy thousand pounds by the Moneth now or late charged by an Act intituled An Act for the raising of Seventy thousand pounds for the further Supply of His Majesty which Moneys are to be assessed collected and paid by such peons and according to such Directions as shall be given from time to time by the said respective Leiutenants & Deputies or any three or more of them under the like penalties and by the like wayes & meanes as are prescribed in the said Act for the Seventy thousand pounds by the Moneth And in case of Invasions Insurrections or Rebellions whereby occasion shall be to draw out such Souldiers into aduall Service the persons so charged as aforesaid shall provide each theire Souldier respectively with pay in hand not exceeding one moneths pay as shall be in that behalfe directed by the said respective Leiutenants and in theire absence as aforesaid or otherwise by theire directions by theire Deputies or any two or more of them for repayment of which said Moneys and for satisfac£6n of the Officers for theire pay during such time not exceeding one moneth as aforesaid as they shall be with*theire Souldiers in such said actual service It is hereby declared That provision shall be made for the same by His Majesty His Heires and Successors out of His or Theire Publique Treasury or Revenue Nevertheles it is hereby further Provided and Enacted That in case a moneths pay shall be provided and advanced as aforesaid that no person who shall have advanced his proportion thereof shall be charged with any other like moneths payment untill he or they shall have beene reimbursed the said Moneths pay & so from time to time the Moneths pay by him or them last before provided and advanced as aforesaid

And be it Enacted that the said Leiutenants and theire Deputies or the Cheife Officers upon the place in the respective Counties and places as aforesaid may charge Carts Wagons Wayns and Horses for the carrying of Powder Match Bullet and other Materials allowing six pence a Mile outward only to every such Cart Wagon and Wayn with five Horses or six Oxen and so proporc6nably And for every Horse imployed out of Wagon or Cart for the uses aforesaid one penny so taken upon the Martching of any Regiment Company or Troope upon occasion of Invasion Insurrection or Rebellion And that the said Leiutenants or Deputies or the Cheife Officers upon the place shall and may imprison Mutineers and such Souldiers as doe not theire Duties as Souldiers at the day of theire Musters and Training and shall and may inflid for punishment for every such Offence any pecuniary Mulct not exceeding five shillings or the penalty of Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprise not exceeding twenty dayes

And be it further Enacted if any person or persons so to be assessed or charged by the said Leiutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them respectively shall refuse or neglect by a reasonable time to be appointed to provide and furnish such sufficient Horse and Horseman Horses and Horsemen Armes and other Furniture or to pay such sum or sums of Money towards the providing and furnishing as aforesaid That then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the respective Leiutenants & Deputies or any three or more of them for every such Offence from time to time to inflid a penalty upon such persons not exceeding twenty pounds And alsoe by Warrant under theire or any three or more of theire hands and Seales to levy such sum or sums of money or the value of such Horse or Horses Armes and Furniture and such penalty inflicted by Distresse and sale of the goods of the person or persons so neglecting or refusing rendring the overplus to the party soe distrained all necessary charge in levying thereof being first deduded And it is declared that the same be imployed to the same uses in default whereof the same was imposed

And be it further Enacted That if any person or persons so to be armed arrayed and weaponed shall detaine or imbezil his Horse Armes or Furniture wherewith he ought to serve or is intrusted that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said respective Leiutenants and in theire absence as aforesaid or otherwise by theire directions to and for theire Deputies or any two or more of them to imprison such person and persons till he or they have made satisfaction for the Horse Armes or other furniture so by him detained or imbezelled And alsoe that if any person so to be armed horsed or weaponed as aforesaid shall not appeare and serve compleatly furnished with Horse and Armes and other Furniture wherewith he is intrusted at the beat of Drum sound of Trumpet or other Summons that then and soe often it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said respective Leiutenants and in theire absence as aforesaid or

IV.

Penoos not hiring j£ioo per Annum ml, or £i,%oo of personal Estate, not liable to find Horsemen. Lieutenants, See. rosy hear Complaints.

V.

Lieutenants, kc. may direct Perms charged to make Allowance to Troopers, kc. on Exercise.

VL

Lieutenants may lay Rates for Ammunition.

12 Car.IL c.29.

How and by whom such Monies assessed and paid.

In case of Invasion, such Persons to proride Soldiers with pay in hand.

Provision for Repayment thereof. Ire. Proviso where Month's Pay advanced.

VH. Lieutenants may charge Carts, Ire. for Carriage of Powder, Ire. and make an Allowance)

may imprison Mutineers;

and may fine or imprison Soldiers not doing their Duty.

VIII. Persons charged by Lieutenants, refusing to provide Horsemen, kc. or to pay, Ice.

Lieutenants may inflid a Penalty, and levy such by Distress.

IX.

Persona armed embexxling, kc. Horse, Anns, Ire.

Lieutenants may imprison.

Persons not appearing to serve.

1 interlined on the Roll.

le

14° Car. II. c. 3.

A.D. 1662.

Lieutenants, &c. may imprison, or infli^ a Penalty.

Persons assessed not delivering in Horse, fcc.

Lieutenant,&c. may inflid a Penalty, to be levied by Distress.

X.

Power to

Lieutenants, &c. to examine upon Oath.

XL Lieutenants to appoint Treasurers, Clerks, &c.

who are to account every Six Months.

Accounts to be certified to the Privy Council.

XII.

Deputy Lieutenants to obey Lieutenants.

XIII. Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants may by Warrant employ Persons to search and seize Arms.

Hours at which Search may be made.

If Search resisted. Force may be used.

Proviso for Peers.

Arms seized may be restored.

XIV. Constables, &c. to be aiding Lieutenants, &c. in execution of Ad. Persons who have executed Commissions of Lieutenancy indemnified.

XV.

Lieutenants to send Notice of Charge to Persons charged in Counties, &c. where they do not reside, or their Tenants, &c.

otherwise by theire directions to and for theire Deputies or any two or more of them if the default be in the person or persons so intrusted to imprison such person or persons for the space of five dayes without Baile or Mainprise or to inflid the penalty if a Horseman not exceeding twenty shillings and if a Foot man not exceeding ten shillings to be paid downe without delay or forbearance And if any person or persons so assessed or charged as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to send in or deliver his Horse Armes or other Furniture upon such summons or other notice as aforesaid That then and so often it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said respective Leiutenants & theire Deputies or any three or more of them to inflict a penalty not exceeding five pounds to be levied by Distresse and sale of the Goods of such person or persons so refusing as aforesaid rendring the overplus to the party distrained necessary Charges for levying being first dedu&ed

And for the better Discovery of the ability of the persons so to bee assessed and charged and (1) all Misdemeanors tending to the hinderance of the service aforesaid the said respective Leiutenants and theire Deputies or any three or more of them are hereby enabled to examine upon Oath such person or persons as they shall judge necessary or convenient or shall be produced by the party charged or accused other then the persons themselves [soe1] to bee assessed and accused

And for the better and more speedy execution of the p>misses bee it further enacted That the said respective Leiutenants shall bee and are hereby required to appoint one or more Treasurer or Treasurers Clerke or Clerkes for receiving & paying such moneyes as shall be levied by vertue hereof of all which Receipts and Disbursements thereof the said Treasurer Clerke and Clerkes are every six Monethes to give theire Accompts in writing and upon Oath to the said Leiutenants and theire Deputies or any three or more of them which Oath they have hereby power to administer And the said Accompt soe to be taken shall be forthwith certified to the Lords of His Majesties most Honorable Privy Councell and a Duplicate thereof shall be certified to the Justices of [the 3] Peace att the next Generali Quarter Sessions

And be it further enacted That the Deputy Leiutenants shall observe and obey such Orders and Directions as they shall from time to time receive from the respective Leiutenants for the putting in execution the Powers given by this ACT

And for the better securing the Peace of the Kingdome be it further enacted and ordained and the respective Leiutenants or any twoe or more of theire Deputies are hereby enabled & authorized from time to time by Warrant under theire Hands and Seales to employ such Person or Persons as they shall thinke fitt (of which a Commissioned Officer and the Constable or his Deputy or the Tythingman or in the absence of the Constable and his Deputy and Tythingman some other Person bearing Office within the Parish where the Search shall be shall be two) to search for and seize all Armes in the custody or possession of any person or persons whom the said Leiutenants or any two or more of theire Deputies shall judge dangerous to the Peace of the Kingdome and to secure such Armes for the service aforesaid and thereof from time to time to give Accounts to the said respective Leiutenants and in theire absence as aforesaid or otherwise by theire directions to theire Deputies or any two or more of them. [Provided that no such Search be made in any house or houses between Sun setting and Sun rising other then in Cities and theire Suburbs and Townes Corporate Market Townes and houses within the bills of Mortality where it shall and may be lawfull to search in the night time by Warrant as aforesaid if the Warrant shall so direct and in case of resistance to enter by force And that no dwelling house of any Peere of this Realme be searched by vertue of this AS but by immediate Warrant from His Majesty under His Sign Manual or in the presence of the Leiutenant or one of the Deputy Leiutenants of the same County or Riding And that in all places and houses whatsoever where search is to be made as aforesaid it shall and may be lawfull in case of resistance to enter by force And that the Armes so seised may bee restored to the Owners againe if the said Leiutenants or in theire absence as aforesaid theire Deputies or any two or more of them shall so thinke fitt.4 ]

And be it Enacted that all high Constables petty Constables and other Officers and Ministers within the said Counties Cities Parishes and places aforesaid be and are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to the said respective Leiutenants and theire Deputies or any of them in execution of the premisses. And that all and every person and persons who shall act or do any thing in execution thereof shall be hereby saved harmeles and indemnified And alsoe that all and every person and persons who have heretofore acted or done any thing in execution of any Commission or Commissions of Leiutenancy issued by the Kings Majesty that now is or by colour of them or any of them [or touching or concerning the same or any of thema] or relating thereunto since the seaventh day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and one until the twentieth day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and two shall be and are hereby saved harmeles and indemnified in that behalfe

And be it further enacted and ordained That where any person or persons shall be charged by vertue of this Act [to find'] a Horse & Horseman Horses and Horsemen and Armes or Foot souldier and Armes in such County City or place where he or they do not reside or inhabit That then and in such cases the respective Leiutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them shall send Notice of every such charge if such person have any land in his owne occupaC6n to such person as he doth imploy as his servant in managing the same And in case all his Lands or other Estate be demised and to farme let then to one or two of the most sufficient Tenant or Tenants who shall have the same in theire occupation who are hereby required forthwith with all

A.D. 1662.

14° Cab. II. c. 3.

361

convenient speed to convey the same to theire Master or Landlord respectively And within such time as shall bee appointed in that behalfe bring an Accompt of theire Master or Landlords answer to the respective Leiutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them and upon neglect or refusall of the Landlord to provide such Horse and Horseman Horses & Horsemen and Armes or Foot Souldier and Armes as is duly charged upon him [according to the Rates mentioned in this Act for the yearely Rent reserved upon every demise or other grant and not otherwise1] within the time limited for that purpose that then the said Tenant or Tenants shall provide and do as the Landlord in that behalfe ought to have done And if the said Tenant or Tenants shall refuse or neglect to provide such Horse and Horseman Horses and Horsemen and Armes or Foot Souldier and Armes as are charged upon his or theire Landlords within the time limitted that then and upon every such default it shall and may be lawfull to ind for the said respective Leiutenants and in theire absence as aforesaid or otherwise by theire directions to and for theire Deputies or any two or more of them by Warrant under theire hands and Seales to levy all such penalties as are appointed by this Act by distresse and sale of the offenders goods rendring the overplus to the party distrained

And it is hereby ordained and enacted that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Tenant or Tenants to defalke oiit of such Rent as shall be next due to his or theire Landlord all such Money as the said Tenant or Tenants shall necessarily lay out or expend in providing such Horse and Horseman Horses and Horsemen and Armes or Foot Souldier and Armes as are charged upon his or theire Landlord or shall pay or be leavyed upon him or them by distresse for any default in manner as aforesaid Any condition reservation Covenant or Contract for the payment of his or theire Rent to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding And for soe doeing the said Tenant or Tenants shall be indempnified by Authority of this Act unlesse the Landlord or Landlords shall make it appeare within two Monethes after such levying such penalties before the respective Leiutenants and in theire absence as aforesaid or otherwise by theire directions before theire Deputies or any two or more of them that the default and penalty was occasioned by the wilfull neglect of the said Tenant or Tenants.

Provided also that no person being a Peer of this Realme shall be capable of acting or serving as Leiutenant or Deputy Leiutenant by vertue of this Act unless he or they shall first before six [of the*] Lords of His Majesties Privy Council for the time being or such other persons as shall be authorized by His Majesty to administer the same take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy and alsoe this Oath following I. A. B doe declare and beleive that it is not lawfull upon any pretence whatsoever to take Armes against the King And that I doe abhor that traiterous Position that Armes may be taken by His Authority against His Person or against those that are Commissioned by Him in pursuance of such military Commissions So helpe me God Which Oathes they have hereby power to administer

And that no person being under under the degree of a Peer of this Realm shall be capable of acting as Leiutenant Deputy Leiutenant Officer or Souldier by vertue of this Act unlesse he or they shall first take the Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacy and this Oath following I A. B. doe declare and beleive that it is not lawfull upon any pretence whatsoever to take Armes against the King And that I doe abhor that traiterous Position that Armes may be taken by His Authority against His Person or against those that are commissioned by Him in pursuance of such military Commissions. So help me God. Which Oathes any one Justice of Peace of the respective Counties and places aforesaid is enabled to administer to such respective Leiutenant as is not a Peer of this Realm and the said Leiutenant or any one Justice of Peace of the respective Counties and places aforesaid is enabled to administer to the respective Deputy Leiutenants not being Peers and the said respective Leiutenants and in theire absence as aforesaid or otherwise by theire directions when they are not absent theire Deputies or any two of them shall and are hereby enabled to administer the said Oaths to the said Officers and Souldiers.

And to the end there may be some convenient time to put in Execution the Powers of this Act and preparing an .Establishment according to the same be it hereby enacted That the Trained Bands and Forces now actually raised and in being shall so continue in each respective City and County of England and Wales untill the five and twentieth [day3] of March One thousand six hundred sixty and three and no longer unlesse an Establishment according to this Act be no sooner had Any thing in this present Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And it is hereby declared and enacted That the ordinary times for training exerciseing and mustering the Forces to be raised by vertue of this Act shall be these following (that is to say) the General Muster and Exercise of Regiments not above once a Yeare the training and exerciseing of single Companies not above foure times a Yeare unlesse speciall Directions be given by His Majestie or His Privy Council And that such single Companies and Troopes shall not att any one time be continued in Exercise above the space of two dayes And that att a Generali Muster and Exercise of Regiments no Officer or Souldier shall be constrained to stay for above foure dayes togeather from theire respective habitacbns And that att every such Muster and Exercise every Musqueteer shall bring with him halfe a pound of Powder [at the charge of such person or persons as provide the said Foote Souldier and Armes and every Horseman is to bring with him a quarter of a pound of Powder att the charge of such person or persons as provide the said Horse Horseman and Armes1] And the Armes offensive and defensive with the Furniture for Horse are to be as followeth The defensive Arms a Back Breast and Pott and the Breast and Pott to be Pistoll prooffe The offensive Armes a Sword and a Case of Pistolls the Barrells whereof are not

Tenants or Servants receiving such Notice to convey the same to Landlord, Scc. and bring answer to Lieutenantsj if Landlords neglect to provide. Tenants to do so $ if Tenants refuse, Lieutenants, See. may levy Penalties.

XVI. Tenants may dedud Rate paid by them and charged on Landlord out of Rent.

Tenants

indemnified.

XVII.

Peers not to act as Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants without taking Oaths, &c. which Six Lords of the Council may administer.

xvm.

The like Provision as to Persons under Degree of a Peer.

Justice of Peace may administer such Oaths ; and Lieutenants, &c. to Officers and Soldiers.

XIX. Trained Bands, Arc. now raised to continue till 35th March 1663.

XX.

Times for Training, Exercise, Scc.

Single Companies how long to be continued in Exercise.

Ammunition to be brought to Muster.

Arms offensive and defensive described.

362

14° Car. II. c. 3.

A.D. 1662.

XXI. Proviso respecting Militia of the Island of Purbeck.

XXII.

In case of apparent Danger, the King may raise the Sum of *£70,000 in one Year, and so for Three Years, to be levied by Lieutenants, &c.

13 Car. II. Stat. 2.

c* 3*

XXIII. Constables, &c. to be reimbursed Monies paid by them for Arms, &c. by Persons refusing to pay Rate.

Persons refusing to reimburse Constables, &c. Distress.

XXIV. Persons charged not compellable to serve personally, but may find a Substitute.

Substitute required to serve.

Persons serving to

S‘ve in at the next uster their Names and Places of Abode.

Persons listed deserting; being exchanged ; quitting Service without Leave.

Penalty £20.

Distress or Imprisonment.

to be under fourteen Inches in length The furniture for the Horse to be a great Sadie or Padd with Bum and Strapps to affix the Houlsters unto a Bitt and Bridle with a Pedorell & Crupper For the Foot a Musqueteet* is tb have a Musquett the Barrell whereof is not to be under three Foot in length and the Gage of the Bore to be for twelve Bulletts to the pound A Coller of Bandeleers with a Sword Provided that all Muster Masters shall for the psent admitt and allow of any Musquetts already made which will beare a Bullett of fourteen to the pound But no Musquetts which henceforth shall be made are to be allowed of but such as are of the gage for twelve Bulletts to the pound A Pike man is to be armed with a Pike made of Ash not under sixteene foote ift

length (the Head and Foote included) with a Back Breast Head peice and Sword Provided that all Muster Masters

shall for the present admitt and allow of any Pikes already made that are not under fifteen foot in length but

no Pikes which shall be hereafter made are to be allowed of that are under sixteene foot in length

Provided also and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Militia of the Island of Purbeck shall

remaine separate from the County of Dorsett as heretofore hath beene used And that His Majesties Leiutenant of

the said Island and his Deputies or any three or more of them for the time being shall have power for the

levying arraying mustering and conducing of such number of Foot for the defence of the said Island in such

manner and by such wayes and meanes as heretofore hath beene used And alsoe to use and execute within the said Island all and every the Powers which by the true Intent of this Act any of His Majesties Leiutenants or his or theire Deputies or any of them might in any respective County use or execute

Provided neverthelesse and be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid That in case of apparent danger to the

present Government it shall [and may be lawfull for His Majesty att any time or times that the same shall soe happen during the space of three yeares from the five, and twentieth day of June in the Yeare One thousand six hundred sixty and twoe to raise such sum or sums of money for the defraying of the whole or such part of the

Militia aforesaid as His Majesty shall fold himselfe obliged to imploy in order to the quiet and security of this

Nation the said sum not exceeding Seventy thousand pounds in one whole yeare And the same to be raised by His Majesties Leiutenants or in theire absence as aforesaid by theire Deputies in theire respective Counties according to the rules & directions in an Act in this Parliament for the raising of Eighteen moneths Assessment after the rate of Seaventy thousand pounds per mensem as alsoe to continue the space of three yeares from the aforesaid five and twentieth day of June and no longer Any thing in this Act or any other to the contrary notwithstanding

Be it alsoe enacted That all Constables Tithingmen or other Officer or Officers who since the Foure and twentieth of June One thousand six hundred and sixty have paid or disbursed or before the settlement of the Militia to be established by vertue of this Act shall pay or disburse any moneys for buying of Armes or defraying of Charges of Souldiers sett or to be 6ett upon theire respective Parishes shall be reimbursed the same by those who have refused to pay theire proportions thereof And in case hee or they shall refuse to pay the same then to be levyed by distresse and sale of Goods rendring the Overplus to the Owner or Owners by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of the Leiutenant or Leiutenants or in his or theire absence or otherwise by theire direction when they are not absent of any two of theire Deputies directed to the respective Constables Tything men or other Officer or Officers aforesaid of theire respective Parishes

Provided alwaies and it is hereby further enacted and declared That no person charged with the finding of Horse or Foote or with contributing thereunto as aforesaid shall be compellable to serve in his or theire proper person but may according to such proportion as they are or shall respectively be charged by this Act find one or more fitt or sufficient man or men qualified according to this Act to be approved by his or theire Captain respectively subject neverthelesse to be altered upon appeal to the Leiutenant or in his absence as aforesaid to his Deputy Leiutenantf or any two of them as there shall be cause And that every such person or persons so found and provided shall and hereby are required to serve as Souldier and Souldiers in such manner and under such penalties as are before appointed in this Act And that every person or persons who shall serve in his or theire owne persons (who are alsoe to be approved of as aforesaid) or such person or persons as shall be accepted ini his or theire stead shall att the next Muster of such Troope or Company in which he or they are to serve give in his or theire Christian and Simames and places of abode unto such person as the Leiutenant or in his absence as aforesaid or by his direction when he is not absent any two Deputy Leiutenants shall appoint to the end the same may be listed And that from thenceforth such person so listed shall not be exchanged or desert the said service or be discharged thereof but by the leave and order of the Leiutenant or two Deputy Leiutenants or his Captaine upon reasonable cause (subject neverthelesse upon appeale to be determined as aforesaid) first obtained in writing under his or theire hands and seales under pain that such person departing from the said service without leave as aforesaid shall forfeit the sum of Twenty pounds to be levyed upon his Goods and Chattells in such manner as is by this Act appointed for the levying of other penalties And for [non*] payment or want of distresse then every such person to be comitted to the C5mon Goal of the County for any time not exceeding three monthes without bail or mainprize Any thing in this Act to the contrary (*) notwithstanding

XXV. Proviso for Tinners of Devon and Cornwall.

Provided alwaies and be it Enacted That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to put any new charge of Armes upon the Tinners in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall other then the Tax men£6ned in the former Proviso But that the Lord Warden of the Stanaries for the time being in pursuance of His Majesties Commission in that behalfe and such as he shall commissionate and authorize under him according to the Rules and

1 none 0.

• in any wise 0.

14° Car. II. c. 3.

363

Directkms before mendtoed in this Act shall and may have and use [the like Powers and array assess arm muster dad exercise the said Tinners within the said Counties and either of them as hath been heretofore used and according to the ancient Priviledges and Customes of the said Stanaries observing the Rules and Proportions appointed by this Ad1] Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That Mis Majesties Leiutenants that are or shall be commissionated for the Militia of the City of London may and shall continue to list and levy the Trained Bands & Auxiliaries of the said City as to number and quality of the persons in such manner as was used in forming the p^sent Forces now raised by His Majesties Commission And in regard of the extraordinary duties which the Forces of the said City that now are and formerly were raised in order to His Majesties happy Restauradon [ haveing * ] of late and may againe be put to for the safety of His Majesties Person and for suppressing or preventing of Insurrections that it shall and may be lawfull for his Majesties Leiutenantf of the said City by Warrant from His Majestie to impose and levy yearely in the same so much money as they shall find needfull for defraying the Arreares of those first raised for His Majesties happy Restauration and the Arreares and necessary charge of those that now are and shall be raised with the Ammunition and other incident expences of theire Militia in such manner as the p^sent Assessment is now levied and not exceeding in any one yeare the proportion of One moneths Tax which the said City now payes towards the Tax of Seaventy thousand pounds by the Moneth and shall be accomptable for the same as by this AS is ordained Any thing hi this AS to the contrary of this Proviso in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwaies That no Officer or Souldier of the Militia or Trained Bands belonging to any City Borough or Towne Corporate being a County of it selfe or to any other Corporation or Port Town who have used and accustomed to bee mustered only within theire owne ptinct? shall be compellable to appeare [out1] of the Precind? or Liberties of the same City Borough Towne Corporate or Port Towne att any Muster or Exercise only and every of the said Cities Boroughs Towns Corporate and Port Towns are hereby chargeable to find theire usuall number of Souldiers unlesse the respective Leiutenants find cause to lessen the same Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided That this Act or any thinge herein contained shall not extend to avoid any Covenant or Agreement

which hath beene or shall be made betweene any Landlord and Tenant concerning the finding Horses or Armes

or the bearing or paying of any [Taxes Rates or other charges by any Tenant either by general! or speciall Covenants but that the said Taxes Rates or other Charges shall be borne and paid by all respective Tenants according to the said Covenant? and Agreement? Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding1 ]

Provided That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to make any alteration in the Isle of

Wight as to the Militia in that place either to raise Horse or Foote within the said Isleland in any other manner

then hath beene formerly and is now used & pradised there

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That whereas the Militia of the Tower Division in the County of Middlesex comonly knowne by the name of the Tower Hamlett6 are and alwaies have beene under the comand of His

Majesties Constable or Leiutenant of the Tower for the Service and Preservation of that His Royall Fort that it

shall and may be lawfull for His Majesties Constable or Leiutehant of the Tower for the time being to continue to levy the Trained Bands of the said Division or Hamlets of the Tower in such manner and form as to the

number and quality of persons as was observed in forming the present Forces thereof Any thing in this Act to

the contrary notwithstanding

Provided that neither this Act nor any matter or thing therein contained shall be deemed construed or taken to extend to the giveing or declareing of any power for the transporting of any the Subjects of this Realme or any way compelling them to march out of this Kingdome otherwise then by the Lawes of England ought to be done

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Peer of this Realme shall be charged with Horse Horsemen and Armes or Foote Souldiers and Armes otherwise or in any other manner then is herein after expressed (that is to say) that His Majestie His Heires and Successors shall and may from time to time issue out Commissions under the Great Seale of England to so many Peeres (not fewer then twelve) as His Majestie His Heires and Successors shall thinke fitt who or any five or more [of1] them shall have power from time to time to assess all and every or any the Peers of this Realme according to the limitations and proportions in this Act appointed for the finding of Horse Horsemen and Armes or Foot Souldiers and Armes and for other the purposes in this Act mencbned (except the Monthly Taxes which are to be leavied as is before pfecribed in this Act) and shall have power to put in execucftn all and every the Powers and Authorities of this Act as well for laying Assessments as imposing of Penalties (Imprisonment of the person of any Peere of this Realm only excepted) which Assessment or Charge so made togeather with such penalties as shall be soe imposed (Imprisonment as aforesaid only excepted) shall be from time to time respectively certified to the respective Leiutenants of each County to the intent a hat the said Chaige may be borne and the penalties (not before excepted) levied according

1 annexed to the Original Act in a Mptnte Schedule#

• have 0#

* interlined on the Roll#

XXVI. Power to Lieutenants to list and levy the Trained Bands for London)

and to impose Rate for Pay, &c.

XXVII. Officers or Soldiers of Trained Bands not compellable to appear at Muster, &c. out of their City or Town.

XXVIII. Proviso for Agreements between Landlords and Tenants concerning Rates, &c.

XXIX. Proviso for Militia of Isle of Wight.

XXX.

Proviso for Tower Hamlets.

XXXI.

Proviso as to marching the Subied out of the Kingdom.

XXXII. In what manner Peers are to be charged.

Monthly Taxes excepted.

Imprisonment of Peers excepted.

14° Car. II. c. 3, 4.

A.D. 1662.

Peers making Default;

Distress and Proceeding thereon.

to the intent of this Act And that in case there shall be any default in performance of any thing to be done or paid by any Peer by vertue of this Act* that then it shall be lawfull for the respective Leiutenants & Deputy Leiutenantf or any three of them to cause Distresses to be taken for the same in any of the lands of such Defaulter within theire said Counties or Limits respectively And in case satisfaction shall not be given within the space of one

weeke after such Distresse taken then such Distresses to be sold for the performance of the said Service -and the

charge incident thereunto and the Overplus (if any be) to be restored to the Owner And if a Tenant of any

Peere of this Realme shall be distrained for such default as aforesaid the Tenant soe distrained is hereby enabled

to deduCt the sum levied out of his next Rent.

Rot. Parl. 14. C. II. p. I. nu. 4.

Recital that in the First Year of Queen Eliz. there was one uniform Order of Church Service compiled; and enjoined to he used by 1 Eliz. c. 2.

that many Persons nevertheless refuse to come to their Parish Church;

that by the Neglect of Ministers many Persons have been led into Schism;

that His Majesty, according to His Declaration of 25th Oct. 1660, had granted a Commission to review the Book of Common Prayer, and that the Convocations were assembled for that Purpose;

that they had presented to His Majesty a Book of Common Prayer, which be had allowed and recommended to Parliament that the same should be used in all Churcher, &c.;

that an universal Agreement in public Worship conauceth to settling the Peace of the Nation;

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for the Uniformity of Publique Prayers and Administracftn of Sacraments & other Rites & Ceremonies and for establishing the Form of making ordaining and consecrating Bishops Preists and Deacons in the Church of England.

XX7 WHEREAS in the first yeare of the late Queene Elizabeth there was one uniforme Order of CSmon Service v v and Prayer and of the Administration of Sacraments Rites and Ceremonies in the Church of England (agreeable to the Word of God and usage of the Primitive Church) compiled by the Reverend Bishopps and Clergy set forth in one Booke entituled The Booke of C5mon Prayer and Administration of Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies in the Church of England and enjoyned to be used by Act of Parliament holden in the said First yeare of the said late Queene entituled An Act for the Uniformity of C5mon Prayer and Service in the Church and Administration of the Sacraments very comfortable to all good people desirous to live in Christian conversation and most profitable to the Estate of this Realme upon the which the Mercy Favour and Blessing of Almighty God is in no wise so readily and plentifully poured as by Comon Prayers due useing of the Sacraments and often preaching of the Gospell with Devotion of the Hearers And yet this notwithstanding a great number of people in divers parts of this Realm following theire owne sensuaiitie and liveing without knowledge and due feare of God do willfully and schismatically abstaine and refuse to come to theire Parish Churches and other Publique places where Cdmon Prayer Administrac&n of the Sacraments and preaching of the Word of God is used upon the Sundayes and other dayes ordained & appointed to be kept and observed as Holy dayes And whereas by the great and scandalous neglect of Ministers in using the said Order or Liturgy so set forth and enjoyned as aforesaid great mischeifs & inconveniencies during the times of the late unhappy troubles have arisen and grown and many people have beene led into Faftions and Schismes to the great decay and scandall of the Reformed Religion of the Church of England and to the hazard of many souls [For prevention whereof in time to come for setling the Peace of the Church and for allaying the present distempers which the indisposic&n of the time hath contracted The Kings Majestie according to His Declaration of the Five and twentieth of October One thousand six hundred and sixty granted His Comission under the great Seale of England to severall Bishops and other Divines to [re1]view the Booke of C5mon Prayer and to prepare such Alterations and Additions as they thought fitt to offer And afterwards the Convocations of both the Provinces of Canterbury and Yorke being by His Majesty called and assembled and now sitting His Majestie hath beene pleased to authorize and require the Presidents of the said Convocations and other the Bishopps and Clergy of the same to reveiw the said Booke of Comon Prayer and the Booke of the Forme and manner of the making and consecrating of Bishops Preists and Deacbns And that after mature consideration they should make such Additions and Alterations in the said Bookes respectively as to them should seeme meet and convenient and should exhibit and present the same to His Majesty in writing for his further allowance or confirmation since which time upon full and mature deliberation they the said Presidents Bishops and Clergy of both Provinces have accordingly reviewed the said Bookes and have made some Alterations which they thinke fitt to be inserted to the same and some additionall Prayers to the said Booke of Comon Prayer to be used upon proper and emergent occasions And have exhibited and presented the same unto His Majestie in writing in one Booke entituled The Booke of Comon Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church according to the use of the Church of England togeather with the Psalter or Psalmes of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in Churches and [the1] forme and manner of making ordaining and consecrating of Bishopps Preists and Deacons AJ1 which His Majesty haveing duly considered hath fully approved and allowed the same and recomended to this psent Parliament that the said Bookes of Comon Prayer and of the forme of Ordination and Consecration of Bishops Preists and Deacons with the Alterations and Additions which have beene soe made aftd psented to his Majesty by the said Convocations be the Booke which shall be appointed to be used by all that officiate in all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Chappells and in all Chappells of Colledges and Halls b both the Universities and the Colledges of Eaton and Winchester and b all Parish Churches and Chappells withb the Kbgdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed and by all that make or consecrate Bishops Preists or Deacons b any of the said places under such San&ions and Penalties as the Houses of Parliament shall thinke fitt.1] Now b regard that nothbg conduceth more to the setlbg of the Peace of this Nation (which is desired of all good men) nor to the honour of our Religion and the propagation thereof then an universall agreement b the Publique Worships of Almighty God and to the btent that every person within this Realme may certabely

14° Car. II. c. 4.

365

know* the rule to which he is to conforme in Publique Worship and Administration of Sacramefits and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England and the manner how and by whom Bishops Preists and Deacons are and ought to be made ordained and consecrated Be it enabled by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by the advice and with the consent of the Lords Spirituall ?md Temporall and of the Comons in this present Parlaiment assembled and by the Authority of the same That all and singuler Ministers in any Cathedrall Collegiate or Parish Church or Chappell or other place of Publique Worship within this Realme of England Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed shall be bound to say and use the Morning Prayer Evening Prayer Celebraf&n and Administra£6n of both the Sacraments and all other the Publique and Comon Prayer in such order and forme as is menfitoed in the said Booke annexed and joyned to this present Act (1) and entituled The Booke of Comon Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church according to the use of the Church of England togeather with the Psalter or Psalmes of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in Churches and [the1] forme or manner of making ordaining and consecrating of Bishops Preists & Deacons. And that the Morning and Evening Prayers therein contained shall upon every Lords day and upon all other dayes and occasions and att the times therein appointed be openly and solemnly read by all and every Minister or Curate in every Church Chappell or other place of Publique Worshipp within this Realme of England and places aforesaid

And to the end that Uniformity in the Publiq Worshipp of God (which is so much desired) may be speedily effected bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Parson Vicar or other Minister whatsoever who now hath and enjoyeth any Ecclesiasdcall Benefice or Promotion within this Realme of England or places aforesaid shall in the Church Chappell or place of Publique Worshipp belonging to his said Benefice or Promotion upon some Lords day before the Feast of Saint Bartholomew which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty and two openly publiquely and solemnely read the Momemg and Evening Prayer appointed to be read by and according to the said Booke of Comon Prayer att the times thereby appointed and after such reading thereof shall openly and publiquely before the Congregation there assembled declare his unfeigned assent & consent to the use of all things in the said Booke contained and prescribed [in these words and no other.

| A.B. doe (]) declare my unfaigned assent and consent to all and every thing contained and prescribed in and by

the Booke intituled The Booke of Comon Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church according to the use of the Church of England togeather with the Psalter or Psalmes of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in Churches and the form or manner of making ordaining and consecrating of Bishops Preists and Deacons.4]

And that all and every such person who shall (without some lawfull Impediment to be allowed and approved of by the Ordinary of the place) neglect or refuse to doe the same within the time aforesaid (or in case of such Impediment) within one Moneth after such Impediment removed shall (ipso fado) be deprived of all his Spirituall Promotions And that from thence forth it shall be lawfull to and for all Patrons and Donors of all and singuler the said Spirituall Promotions or of any of them according to theire respective Rights and Titles to present or collate to the same as though the person or persons so offending or neglecting were dead.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that every person whoe shall hereafter be presented or collated or put into any Ecclesiastical! Benefice or Promotion within this Realme of England and places aforesaid shall in the Church Chappell or place of publiqs worshipp belonging to his said Benefice or Promotion within two Monthes next after that he shall be in the a&uall possession of the said Ecclesiasdcall Benefice or Promotion upon some Lords day openly publiquely and solemnly read the Morning and Evening Prayers appointed to be read by and according to the said Booke of Comon Prayer att the times thereby appointed and after such reading thereof shall openly and publiquely before the Congregation there assembled declare his unfeigned assent and consent to the use of all things therein contained and prescribed according to the forme before appointed And that all and every such person who shall (without some lawfull Impediment to be allowed and approved by the Ordinary of the place) neglect or refuse to doe the same within the time aforesaid (or in case of such Impediment within one Moneth after such Impediment removed) shall (ipso faSo) be deprived of all his said Ecclesiastical! Benefices and Promotions And that from thenceforth it shall and may be lawfull to and for all Patrons and Donors of all and singuler the said Ecclesiasdcall Benefices and Promotions or any of them (according to theire respective Rights and Titles) to present or collate to the same as though the person or persons so offending or neglecting were dead

[And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in all places where the proper Incumbent of any Parsonage or Vicaridge or Benefice with Cure doth reside on his Living and keepe a Curate the Incumbent himselfe in person (not haveing some lawfull Impediment to be allowed by the Ordinary of the place) shall once (at the least) in every moneth openly and publiquely read the Comon prayers and Service in and by the said Booke prescribed and (if there be occasion) administer each of the Sacraments and other Rites of the Church in the Parish Church or Chappell of or belonging to the same Parsonage Vicarage or Benefice in such order manner and forme as in and by the said Booke is appointed upon pain to forfeit the sum of Five pounds to the use of the poore of the Parish for every offence upon conviction by confession or proofe of two credible Witnesses upon Oath before two Justices of the Peace of the County City or Town Corporate where the offence shall be

1 This Book is in Manuscript and is in the Parliament Office, and in the same Press, but not in the same Division of that Press* with the Acts of this Year.

* interlined on the Roll. * here 0. 4 annexed to the Original Alt in a separate Schedule.

Ministers m Churches, See. to use the said Book of Common Prayer

and to read the Morning and Evening Prayers therein.

II.

Parsons, Vicars, Sic. publicly to read and declare their Assent to the Use of the

Form of Assent

III.

Refusing so to do. Deprivation.

Patrons may present.

IV.

Every Person presented, to read the Prayers according to the said Book, and declare his Assent thereto.

Refusing so to do.

Deprivation.

Patrons may present.

V.

Incumbents of Livings residing and keeping Curates shall once in every Month read the Prayers, kc. according to the said Book.'

Penalty

5 A

14° Car. IL c. 4.

A.D. 1662.

Distrett*

VI.

Deans, Readers in the Universities, Parsons, Schoolmasters, See. to subscribe the Declaration herein mentioned.

Form of the Declaration.

Before whom to be subscribed.

Deans, &q. not subscribing the same; deprived.

Deanry, Sec. void.

VII.

Schoolmasters, &c-instructing in private Houses before License. (Fee for License.)

First Offence, Imprisonment;

every other Offence, Imprisonment, and Fine of £5-

Parsons, &cc. to procure Certificate of Subscription, and to read the same, with the Declaration, in Church.

Penalty.

Parsonage, &c. void.

VIII. What Words to be omitted in the Declaration after March 25, 1682.

conutted which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered to administer) and in default of payment within ten dayes to be levied by distresse and sale of the goods and Chattells of the Offender by the Warrant of the said Justices by the Church wardens or Overseers of the Poore of the said Parish rendring the surplusage to the party

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Deane Canon and Prebendary of every Cathedrall or Collegiate Church and all Masters and other Heads Fellowes Chaplaines and Tutors of or in any Colledge Hall House of Learning or Hospitall and every Publique Professor and Reader in either of the Universities and in every Colledge elsewhere and every Parson Viccar Curate Le&urer and every other person in Holy Orders and every School master keeping any publique or private Schoole & every person instructing or teaching any Youth in any House or private Family as a Tutor or School master who upon the First day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty two or at any time thereafter shall be Incumbent or have possession of any Deanry Canonry Prebend Mastershipp Headshipp Fellowshipp Professors place or Readers place Parsonage Vicarage or any other Ecclesiasticall Dignity or Promotion or of any Curates place Lecture or School or shall instruct or teach any Youth as Tutor or Schoolmaster shall before the Feast day of Sl. Bartholomew which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty two or at or before his or theire respective admission to be Incumbent or have possession aforesaid subscribe the Declaration or Acknowledgement following scilicet.

J A. B do declare that it is not lawfiill upon any ptence whatsoever to take Armes against the King and that I

do abhorr that traiterous Position of taking Armes by His Authority against His Person or against those that are commisslonated by liim And that I will conforme to the Liturgy of the Church of England as it is now by Law established And I do declare that I do hold there lies no Obligacon upon me or on any other person from the Oath compnly called the Solemne League and Covenant to endeavour any change or alteration of Government either in Church or State And that the same was in it selfe an unlawfull Oath and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realme against the knowne Lawes and Liberties of this Kingdome.

Which slu’d Declaration and Acknowledgment shall be subscribed by every of the said Masters and other Heads Feflowfes Chaplaines and Tutors of or in any Colledge Hall or House of Learning and by every publique Professor and Reader in either of the Universities before the Vice Chancellor of the respective Universities for the time being or his Deputy And the said Declaration or Acknowledgement shall be subscribed before the respective Archbishopp Bishopp or Ordinary of the Diocesse by every other person hereby enjoyned to subscrible the same upon pain that all and every of the persons aforesaid failing in such Subscription shall loose and forfeit such respective Deanary Canonry Prebend Mastershipp Headship Fellowship Professors place Readers place Parsonage Viccarage Ecclesiasticall Dignity or Promotion Curates place Lecture and School and shall be utterly disabled and (ipso facto) deprived of the same And that every such respective Deanry Canonry Prebend Mastership Headship Fellowship Processors Place Readers Place Parsonage Viccarage Ecclesiasticall Dignity or Promotion Curates Place Lecture and Schoole shall be void as if such person so failing were naturally dead

And if any Schoolmaster or other person instructing or teaching Youth in any private House or Family as a Tutor or School master [shall instruct or teach any Youth as a Tutor or Schoolmaster'] before Licence obtained from his respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocesse according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme (for which he shall pay twelve pence onely) and before such subscription and acknowledgement made as aforesaid then every such Schoolmaster and other instructing and teaching as aforesaid shall for the first offence suffer three monthes Imprisonment without bail or mainprize and for every second and other such offence shall suffer three moneths Imprisonment without baile or mainprize and alsoe forfeit to his Majesty the sum of five pounds And after such subscription made every such Parson Viccar Curate and Le&urer shall procure a Certificate under the Hand and Seale of the respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocesse (whoe are hereby enjoyned and required upon dejnaund to make and deliver the same) and shall publickly and openly read the same togeather with the Declaration or Acknowledgement aforesaid upon some Lords day within three moneths then next following in his Parish Church where he is to officiate in the presence of the Congregation there assembled in the time of Divine Service upon pain that every person failing therein shall loose such Parsonage Vicarage or Benefice Curates place or Le&urers place respectively and shall be utterly disabled and (ipso facto) deprived of the same And that the said Parsonage Viccarage or Benefice Curates place or Le&urers place shall be void as if he was naturally dead

Provided alwaies that from and after the Twenty fifth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred eighty two there shall be omitted in the said Declaration or Acknowledgin' so to be subscribed and read these words following scilicet

A1®..1. do declare that I do hold there lies no Obligac6n on me or any other person from the Oath comonly called the Solemne League and Covenant to endeavor any change or alteration of Government either in Church or State and that the same was in it selfe an unlawful! Oath and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realme against the knowne Lawes and Liberties of this Kingdome.

So as none of the persons aforesaid shall from thence forth be at all obliged to subscribe or read that part of the said Declaration or Acknowledgement.

14° Car, II. c.4.

367

Piotidxd alvaiea and be it enacted that from and after the Feast of S'. Bartholomew which shall be in the yenre of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two no person who now is Incumbent and in possession tba]) * ^ of any Parsonage Vicarage or Benefice and who is not already in Holy Orders by Episcopall Ordination or shall not before the said Feast day of S*. Bartholomew be ordained Preist or Deacon according to the forme of Episcopall Ordination shall have hold or enjoye the said Parsonage Vigaradge Benefice with Cure or other Ecclesiaaticall Promotion within this Kingdome of England or the Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed but shall be utterly disabled and (ipso facto) deprived of the same And all his Ecclesiastical Promotions shall be void as if he was naturally dead.

Persons ■dminiater-ing the Sacrament before they are ordained Priests

And bee it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid that no person whatsoever shall thenceforth be capable to bee admitted to any Parsonage Vicarage Benefice or other Ecclesiastical Promotion or Dignity whatsoever nor shall presume to consecrate & administer the Holy Sacrament of the Lords Supper before such time as * he shall be. ordained Preist according to the forme and manner in and by the said Booke prescribed unlesse he have formerly beene made Preist by Episcopall Ordination upon pain to forfeit for every offence the sum of One Penalty j£ioo. hundred pounds One moyety thereof to the Kings Majesty the other moyety thereof to be equally divided betweene the Poore of the Parish where the offence shall be comitted and such person or persons as shall sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majesties Courts of Record wherein no Essoine Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed And to be disabled from taking or being admitted into the Order of Preist by the space of one whole yeare then next following

and Disability for One Year.

XI.

Provided that the penalties in this Act shall not extend to the Forreiners or Aliens of the Forrah Reformed proviso for

Churches allowed or to be allowed by the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors in England

Aliens of F< reformed

Foreign

Churches.

Provided alwaies that no title to conferre or present by lapse shall accrewe by any avoydance or deprivation XII.

(ipso fadto) by vertue of this Statute but after six moneths after notice of such voidance or deprivation given by by Lap* T1 the Ordinary to the Patron or such sentence of deprivation openly and publiquely read in the Parish Church of Ad, but on Notice, the Benefice Parsonage or Vicarage becomemg void or whereof the Incumbent shall be deprived by vertue of this Act

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that no Form or Order of Cdmon Prayers Administra&n of Sacraments Rites or Ceremonies shall be openly used in any Church Chappell or other publique place of or in any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universities the Colledges of Westminster Winchester or Eaton or any of them other then what is pscribed and appointed to be used in and by the said Booke And that the present Govemour or Head of every Colledge and Hall in the [said1 ] Universities and of the said Colledges of Westminster Winchester and Eaton within one moneth after the Feast of S*. Bartholomew which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two And every Govemour or Head of any of the said Colledges or Halls hereafter to be elected or appointed within one moneth next after his Election or Collation and Admission into the same Government or Headshipp shall openly and publiquely in the Church Chappell or other publique place of the same Colledge or Hall and in the p>sence of the Fellowes and Scholars of the same or the greater part of them then resident subscribe unto the Nine and thirty Articles of Religion mentioned in the Statute made in the thirteenth yeare of the Reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth And unto the said Booke and declare his unfeigned assent and consent unto and approbation of the said Articles and of the same Booke and to the use of all the Prayers Rites and Ceremonies Formes and Orders in the said Booke prescribed and contained according to the form aforesaid And that all such Governours or Heads of the said Colledges and Halls or any of them as are or shall be in Holy Orders shall once (at least) in every quarter of the yeare (not having a lawfull Impediment) openly and publiquely read the Morning Prayer and Service in and by the said Booke appointed to be read in the Church Chappell or other publique place of the same Colledge or Hall upon pain to loose and be suspended of and from all [the1] Benefitts and Profitts belonging to the same Government or Headshipp by the space of Six moneths by the Visitor or Visitors of the same Colledge or Hall And if any Govemour or Head of any Colledge or Hall suspended for not subscribing unto the said Articles and Booke or for not reading of the Morning Prayer and Service as aforesaid shall not att or before the end of Six monthes next after such suspension subscribe unto the said Articles and Booke and declare his consent thereunto as aforesaid or read the Morning Prayer and Service as aforesaid then such Government or Headshipp shall be (ipso facto) void

XIIL No other Form of Prayer to be used bat according to the said Book.

Head* of College*, &c. within the time herein mentioned, to subscribe the 39 Articles

13 Elix« c. r*v

and declare their Assent thereunto, and to the said Book;

and once in every Quarter of the Year read the Prayers, See.

Suspension;

sad if Person so suspended do not within Six Months subscribe, then his Government, See. void.

Provided alwaies that it shall and may be lawfull to use the Morning and Evening Prayer and all other Prayers and Service prescribed in and by the said Booke in the Chappells or other publique places of the respe&ve Colledges and Halls in both the Universities in the Colledges of Westminster Winchester and Eaton and in the Convocations of the Clergies of either Province in Latine Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding*]

XIV. Proviso for reading the Prayers in Latin in

Colleges, &c.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid [that no person shall be or be received as a Lecturer or permitted suffered or allowed to preach as a Le&urer or to preach or read any Sermon or Lecture in any Church Chappell or other place of Publique Worshipp within this Realme of England or*4the Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwick upon Tweed unlesse he be first approved and thereunto licensed by the Archbishopp of the Province or Bishopp of the Diocesse or (in case the See be void) by the Guardian of the Spiritualties under his Seale and

XV. Le&urer to read the 39 Articles of 13 Ebz. c. is. and declare hi# Assent thereto;

14° Car. II. c. 4.

A.D\ 662.

Ij Elis. c. is.

and at the first time of Preaching to read the said Common Prayers, and declare his Assent thereto also upon the first Lecture Day of every Month.

Refusing, &c. so to do.

Disabled:

XVI. Proriso where Lecture preached in Cathedrals, &c.

XVII. Persons so disabled preachings

Imprisonment in Common G»ol*

XVIII.

The said Common Prayers to be read whenever any Sermon or Lecture is preached.

Ledurer to be present.

. XIX. Proviso respeding University Sermons preached in the University Churches.

XX. Former Laws for the Uniformity of Prayers, &c. confirmee}/

XXI. Prayers relating to the Royal Family to be altered as required.

XXII.

A true printed Copy of the said Book of Common Player to be

shall in Offence of the same Archbishop or Bishop or Guardian read;the nine and thirty Articles of Religion mentioned in the Statute of the Thirteenth yeare of the late Queene Elizabeth with declaration of his unfeigned assent to the same And2] that every person and persons whoe nowe is or hereafter shall bee licensed assigned [or*] appointed or received as a Ledurer to preach upon any day of the weeke in any Church Chappell or place of Publique Worship within this Realme of England or places aforesaid the first time he preacheth (before his Sermon) shall openly publiquely and solemnly read the Comon Prayers and Service in and by the said Booke appointed to be read for that time of the day and then and there publiquely and openly declare his assent unto and approbation of the said Booke and to the use of all the Prayers Rites and Ceremonies Formes and Orders therein contained and prescribed according to the forme before appointed in this Act And alsoe shall upon the first Lecture day [of every moneth afterwards so long as he continues Ledurer or Preacher there at the place appointed for his said Lecture or Sermon before his said Lecture or Sermon openly publiquely and solemnly read the Common Prayers and Service in and by the said Booke appointed to be read for that time of the day at which the said Lecture or Sermon is to be preached and after such reading thereof shall openly and publiquely before the Congregation there assembled declare his unfeigned assent and consent unto and approbation of the said Booke and to the use of all the Prayers Rites and Ceremonies Forms and Orders therein contained and prescribed according to the forme aforesaid *] And that all and every such person and persons who shall neglect or refuse to do the same shall from thenceforth be disabled to preach the said or any other Lecture or Sermon in the said

or any other Church Chappell or place of Publique Worshipp untill such time as he and they shall openly

publiquely and solemnly read the Common Prayers and Service appointed by the said Booke and conform in all points to the things therein appointed and prescribed according to the purport true intent and meaning of this Act

[Provided alwaies That if the said Sermon or Lecture be to be preached or read in any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church or Chappell it shall be sufficient for the said Ledurer openly at the time aforesaid to declare his assent and consent to all things contained in the said Booke according to the form aforesaid1]

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person who is by this Act disabled to preach any Lecture or Sermon shall during the time that he shall continue and remaine so disabled, preach any Sermon or Lecture that then for every such offence the person and persons so offending shall suffer Three Monthes Imprisonment in the Comon Goal without baile or mainprize and that any two Justices of the Peace of any

County of this Kingdome and places aforesaid and the Maior or other Cheife Magistrate of any City or Town

Corporate within the same upon Certificate from the Ordinary of the place made to him or them of the offence committed shall and are hereby required to rommitt the person or persons so offending to the Goal of the same County City or Town Corporate accordingly

[Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That att all and every time and times when any Sermon or Lecture is to be preached the Common Prayers and Service in and by the said Booke appointed to be read for that time of the day shall be openly publiquely and solemnly read by some Preist or Deacon in the Church Chappell or place of Publique Worshipp where the said Sermon or Lecture is to be preached before such Sermon or Lecture be preached and that the Ledurer then to preach shall be present att the reading thereof

Provided neverthelesse that this Act shall not extend to the University Churches in the Universities of this Realme or either of them when or att such times as any Sermon or Lecture is preached or read in the [said4] Churches or any of them for or as the publick University Sermon or Lecture but that the same Sermons and Lectures may be preached or read in such sort and manner as the same have been heretofore preached or read This Act or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. *]

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that the severall good Lawes and Statutes of this Realm which have beene formerly made and are now in force for the Uniformity of Prayer and Administration of the

Sacraments within this Realme of England and places aforesaid shall stand in full force and strength to all intents

and purposes whatsoever for the establishing and confirming of the said Booke intituled The Booke of Comon Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites & Ceremonies of the Church according to the use of

the Church of England togeather with the Psalter or Psalmes of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in

Churches and the forme or manner of making ordaining and consecrating of Bishopps Preists and Deacons herein before mentioned to be joyned and annexed to this Act and shall be applied pradHsed and put in ure for the punishing of all offences contrary to the said Lawes with relation to the Booke aforesaid and no other.

Provided alwaies and be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in all those Prayers Letanies and Colleds which doe any way relate to the King Queene or Royall Progeny the Names be altered and changed from time to time and fitted to the present occasion according to the direction of lawfall Authority.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid that a true printed Copy of the said Booke entituled The Booke of Comon Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church according to the use of the Church of England togeather with the Psalter or Psalmes of David pointed as they are to be sung or said in Churches and the form and maimer of making ordaining and consecrateing of

1 the 0. f annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 3 0. omits. 4 same 0.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 4.

369

Bishops Preists and Deacons shall att the costs and charges of the parishoners of every Parish Church and Ghappelry Cathedrall Church Colledge and Hall be attained and gotten before the Feast day of St. Bartholomew in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two upon pain of forfeiture of three pounds by the moneth for so long time as they shall then after be unprovided thereof by every Parish or Chapelry Cathedrall Church Colledge and Hall making default therein.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Bishops of Hereford S( Davies Asaph Bangor and Landaff and their Successors shall take such order among themselves for the souls health of the Flocks committed to theire Charge within Wales That the Booke hereunto annexed be truly and exactly translated into the British or Welsh Tongue and that the [same1] soe translated and being by them or any three of them at the least viewed perused and allowed be imprinted to such number at least so that one of the said Bookes so translated and imprinted may be had for every Cathedrall Collegiate and Parish Church and Chapell of Ease in the said respective Diocesses and places in Wales where the Welsh is comonly spoken or used before the First day of May One thousand six hundred sixty five And that from and after the imprinting and publishing of the said Booke so translated the whole Divine Service shall be used and said by the Ministers and Curates throughout all Wales within the said Diocesses where the Welsh Tongue is cdmonly used in the British or Welsh Tongue in such manner and forme as is prescribed according to the Booke hereunto annexed to be used in the English Tongue differing nothing in any Order or Form from the said English Booke for which Booke so translated and imprinted the Church wardens of every the said Parishes shall pay out of the Parish [moneys1] in theire hands for the use of the respective Churches and be allowed the same on theire Accompt And that the said Bishops and theire Successors or any three of them at the least shall sett and appoint the price for which the said Booke shall be sold And one other Booke of Common Prayer in the English Tongue shall be bought and had in every Church throughout Wales in which the Booke of C5mon Prayer in Welsh is to be had by force of this Act before the First day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and foure and the same Booke to remaine in such convenient places within the said Churches that such as understand them may resort at all convenient times to read and peruse the same and alsoe §uch as do not understand the said Language may by conferring both Tongues togeather the sooner attaine to the knowledge of the English Tongue Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding and untill printed Copies of the said Booke so to be translated may be had and provided The Form of Comon Prayer established by Parliament before the makeing of this Act shall be used as formerly in such parts of Wales where the English Tongue is not comonly understood

And to the end that the true and perfect Copies of this Act and the said Booke hereunto annexed may be safely kept and perpetually preserved and for the avoiding of all disputes for the time to come Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the respective Deanes and Chapters of every Cathedrall or Collegiate Church within England and Wales shall at theire proper costs and charges before the Twenty fifth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty & two obtain under the Great Seale of England a true and perfect printed Copy of this Act and of the said Booke annexed hereunto to be by the said Deanes and Chapters and theire Successors kept and preserved in safety for ever and to be alsoe produced and shewed forth in any Court of Record as often as they shall be thereunto lawfully required And alsoe there shall be delivered true and perfect Copies of this Act and of the same Booke into the respective Courts at Westminster and into the Tower of London to be kept and preserved for ever among the Records of the said Courts and the Records of the Tower to be alsoe produced and shewed forth in any Court as need shall require which said Bookes soe to be exemplified under the Great Seale of England [shall be examined by such persons as the Kings Matk shall appoint under the Great Seale of England1] for that purpose and shall be compared with the Originall Booke hereunto annexed and shall have power to correct and amend in writing any Error committed by the Printer in the printing of the same Booke or of any thing therein contained and shall certifie in writing under theire Hands and Seales or the Hands and Seales of any three of them att the end of the same Booke that they have examined and compared the same Booke and find it to be a true and perfect Coppy which said Bookes and every one of them so exemplified under the Great Seale of England as aforesaid shall bee deemed taken adjudged and expounded to bee good and available in the Law to all intents and purposes whatsoever and shall be accounted as good Records as this Booke it selfe hereunto annexed Any Law or Custome to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alsoe that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not be p^judiciall or hurtfull unto the Kings Professor of the Law within the University of Oxford for or concerning the Prebend of Shipton within the Cathedrall Church of Saru united and annexed unto the place of the same Kings Professor for the time being by the late King James of blessed memory

Provided alwaies That whereas the Six and thirtieth Article of the Nine and thirtie Articles agreed upon by the Archbishops and Bishops of both Provinces and the whole Clergy in the Convocation holden at London in the yeare of our Lord One thousand five hundred sixty two for the avoiding of diversities of Opinions and for establishing of consent touching true Religion is in these words following viz*.

That the Booke of Consecration of Archbishops and Bishops and Ordaining of Preists and Deacons lately set forth in the time of King Edward the Sixth and confirmed at the same time by Authority of Parliament doth contain all things necessary to such consecration and ordaining neither hath it any thing that of it selfe is

provided for Parish Churches, See. at the Costs of the Parishioners. Penalty.

XXIII.

The Bi.'hops of Hereford, St. David, Asaph, and Bangor to take Order that the said Book shall be tran dated into Welch, and had in Churches, See.

and the Form of Prayer &c. therein to be used.

The same to be paid for by the Churchwardens out of the Parish Money.

Bishops to set the Price.

And one other Book in the English Tongue to be also had.

Proviso for the Use of the former Forms until the said Book can be had.

XXIV. Deans, See. to obtain Copies of this Act and of the said Bookj

to be kept by them and their Successors.

Copies of this Act and of the said Book to be delivered to the Courts at Westminster and the Tower of London.

Such Copies to be examined with the Original and certified!

and thereupon accounted good Records.

XXV. Proviso for King's Professor of Law at Oxford for Prebeod of Shipton.

XXVI. Proviso in rasped of the 36th Article, one of the said 39 Articles.

5»

370

14° Car. II. c. 4, 5.

A.D. 1662.

XXVII. Proriio for the Use of Book of Common Prayer, &c. as established by i Eliz. c. 2.

8 Eliz. c. i. until the Feast of St. Bartholomew 1662.

superstitious and ungodly And therefore, whosoever are consecrated or ordered according to the Rites of that Booke since the second yeare of the aforenamed King Edward unto this time or hereafter shall be consecrated or ordered according to the same Rites We decree all such to bee rightly orderly and lawfully consecrated and ordered.

It be enacted And be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Subscriptions hereafter to be had or made unto the said Articles by any Deacon Preist or Ecclesiasticall person or other person whatsoever who by this Act or any other Law now in force is required to subscribe unto the said Articles shall be construed and [be1]] taken to extend and shall be applied (for and touching the said Six and thirtieth A-tide) unto the Booke containing the forme and manner of making ordaining and consecrating of Bishops Preists and Deacons in this Act mentioned in such sort and manner as the same did heretofore extend unto the Booke sett for the in the time of King Edward the Sixth mentioned in the said Six and thirtieth Article Any thing in the said Article or in any Statute Act or Canon heretofore had or made to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alsoe That the Booke of Comon Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies of this Church of England togeather with the form and manner of ordaining and consecrating Bishops Preists and Deacons heretofore in use and respectively established by Act of'Parliament in the First and Eighth yeares of Queene Elizabeth shall be still used and observed in the Church of England untill the Feast of Saint Bartholomew which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty and two.

Rot. Parl. 14 C.II. A I- «»-5*

Recital that divers Abuses have been used in making of Norwich Stuff?, &c.

and that the Power given by 7E.IV. c.x. is not sufficient, &c.

Regulations as to Choice of Wardens and Assistants.

Wardens to take an Oath.

What Persons may administer the same.

Form.

Assistants to take the like Oath.

Wardens refusing to take the Oath, or dying before the End of the Year, Proceedings.

II.

Wardens and Assistants to meet at Weavers Hall in Norwich, &c.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for regulating the making of Stuffs in Norfolke and Norwich.

WHEREAS divers abuses and deceipts have of late yeares beene had [or1] used in the making of Worsteds and other Stuffs comonly called Norwich Stuffs and in the reeling of Yarns whereof the said Stuffs are either wholly or in parte made which tends to the debasing "of the said Manufacture unto the prejudice of the Publique which said Trade of weaveing of Stuffs hath of late times beene very much encreased and great variety of new sorts of Stuffs have beene invented so that the Power given by the Statute of the Seaventh of Edward the Fourth Chapter the First is not sufficient for the regulateing of the same And that the number of the Wardens by the same Act appointed being but Eight are [tos] few for the govemeing and ordering the same Trade by which meanes the same Manufacture will soone be lost (if not prevented) and carried into forreigne Nations to the great [diminutions4] of his Majesties Customes and turning out of worke many thousands of poore people. For prevention of which abuses deceipts and evils It is enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporall and C5mons assembled in Parliament and by [the5] Authority of the same That there shall be Twelve Wardens and thirty Assistants all which are to be Master Weavers within the County of the Citty of Norwich and County of Norfolk six of which said Wardens and fifteen of the said Assistants shall be chosen the first Monday after Pentecost in the Yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty and two and from thence forth yearely and every yeare on the next Monday after Pentecost at some publique place by the Master Weavers or the greater part of them present of the said City and County of Norwich and the other six Wardens and fifteene Assistants shall be chosen upon the same day*yearely within the City of Norwich or County of Norfolke in some [publique6] place by the Master Weavers or the greater part of them present of the County of Norfolke And the said Wardens respectively shall within fourteen Dayes after they shall be so chosen or elected and notice thereof given take the Oath ensueing to bee administred by the Maior of the said City for the time being or his Deputy and the Steward of the Dutchy of Lancaster within the said County for the time being if it shall happen the said Steward shall be there present or else before the said Maior or his Deputy onely which Oath they and every of them are hereby authorized and required from time to time to administer accordingly viz. I A. B. doe sweare that I will well faithfully and honestly performe and discharge the Office of a Warden of the said Trade of Worsted Weavers according to the best of my skill power and knowledge. And that the said Assistants and every of them within the time aforesaid shall take the like Oath before such person or persons before whom the Wardens shall be sworne for the execution of that Office of an Assistant and that if it shall happen that any of the said Wardens who shall be so chosen shall refuse to take the said Oath or after he be sworne shall dye before the end of the yeare that then from time to time so often as need shall be it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Master Weavers of the said City and County of the City of Norwich and County of Norfolke respectively as the cause shall require to chuse other Warden or Wardens in the place of him or them so dying or refusing who shall be sworne in such manner as aforesaid

And for the Regulation and good Government of the said Trade and Manufacture the said Wardens and Assistants or any thirteen of them whereof seaven to be Wardens shall and may from time to time meet and consult togeather for the good and benefit of the said Trade and Manufacture and for the due execution of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act so often as to them shall seeme expedient or when it shall be desired by eight or more of the said Assistants att the place called Weavers Hall in the said City or att such other place as they shall thinke fitt And that any thirteen or more of the said Wardens and Assistants whereof seaven att the

1 0. omits. * and 0. too 0.

4 diminution 0.

1 0. omits. 6 interlined on the RolL

AM.IQ62.

14° Car. II, c. 5.

371

least to be Wardens shall have and hereby have Power and Authority from time to timfe so often as need shaft require to make and ordaine By-lawes Rules and Ordinances for and concerning the regulation of the said Worsted-Stuffs arid other Stuffs nowe made and which hereafter shall be made within the said City and County of the City of Norwich and County of Norfolk and in either of them both in length breadth and goodnesse and of such other particulars as shall by the said Wardens and Assistants soe met or the greater number of them from time to time be judged requisite for the better regulateing the said Trade and Manufacture and the Artificers of the same in the due execution of this Act (and to make Seales from time to time for the sealing of the same Stuffs) which By-Lawes Rules and Ordinances being ratified and confirmed by the Maior and two Justices of Peace of the said City and County of Norwich for the time being and three other Justices of [the1] Peace of the said County of Norfolke (whereof one to be of the Quop) shaft be published foure times in the yeare at the least att foure Publique Assemblies for the said Trade and Manufacture and shall be obeyed and kept by the severall persons within and under the said Regulation

And the said Wardens and Assistants shaft have and hereby have power to impose a Fine or Penalty upon any person or persons under such Regulation as shall not conforme to such Rules Orders and Ordinances so made and to be made and confirmed as aforesaid

Provided that the said Fine or Penalty upon any person for not conforming as aforesaid shall not exceed the sum of Ten shillings for any one Offence

And it is further enacted That the Wardens and Assistants of the said City and County of the City of Norwich shall from time to time give personall notice unto the Wardens of the said County of Norfolke or two of them at the least of the time when they intend to consider of the making of By Lawes Rules and Ordinances as aforesaid and shall sett it up in writing upon the Doore of theire Sealing Hall fourteen dayes att the least before they shall proceed to the making the same to the end that such of the said Countrey Weavers as are therein concerned may be there psent

And for the better Regulation and carrying on the worke aforesaid and for avoiding (’) all Frauds and Deceipts therein Be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid That all Yames called Worsted Yarnes and such other Yams as are comonly used by the Worsted Weavers shall be made without Fraud and shall be reeled on a Reel of a full Yard about and every Reel staff shall containe fourteen Lead and every Lea* fourty threads twelve of which Reel-staffs shall make a dozen and twelve of those dozens shall make a grosse And in case any Person or Persons shall sell or expose to sale any of the said Yams made and reeled in any other manner then as is aforesaid that then every such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Moyety of the value of the said Yams to the use of the said Trade and Manufactures after charges of Suit and of Prosecution first deducted out of the same which forfeiture shall be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint Indictment or Information in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Record wherein no wager of Law Essoyn or Protection shall be allowed for the Defendant

And that it shall and may. be lawfiill to and for the Wardens and Assistants of the said Trade and Manufactures or any two of them from time to time to view and search in all Faires and Marketts and other publique places of Sale of Yames within the said Gty of Norwich and County of the same and County of Norfolke and either of them all Yames which shall be there exposed to sale and such of the said Yams as they shall find defective contrary to the rules herein before sett that then it shall and may be lawfiill to and for the same Wardens & Assistants or any two of them to seize the same Yarae and bring the same within twenty dayes next after the Seisure thereof to Tryal by a Jury and to bee proceeded in and fined in such manner and form as in this present Act is limited and appointed for defective Stuffs which said Jury shall have and hereby have power to set such Fine or Fines upon the said Yames as they shall in theire discretions see cause the same Fines not to exceed the Moyety of the Yam so found defective and the same Fines to goe to the Poore of the same Trade and Manufacture as aforesaid

and may make B jt

Law•, &c. for toe Regulation of the said Stuffs, and the Artificer* of the tame

and may make Seale for scaling the said Stuffs.

Regulation! being ratified to be published.

nr.

Wardens and Assistants may impose Fines.

IV.

Not exceeding ioe.

V.

Wardens and Assistants of the City to give Notice to Wardens of the County of making Bye Laws, See.

VI.

Yarns to be made without Fraud. Regulations as to Keels.

Selling, &c. Yarns unduly made, dec.

Penalty.

VII. Wardens and Assistants may search and view in Fairs and Markets, dec,;

and may seiie Yarns unduly made, and try the same.

Power of Jury to fine.

Provided alwayes That no person or persons shall be doubly punished for any one Offence touching Yames (that is to say) by this and the former clause in this Act

VJIi. No Double Punishment.

And it is hereby further enacted That all sorts of Stuffs whether woven of Woollen only or of Wool and other Materials within the City and County of Norwich and the County of Norfolke and the Makers and Weavers of the same Stuffs shall be under the power goverment and regulation of the said Wardens & Assistants in such manner as by this and other Acts of Parliament and the By Lawes made and to be made by vertue thereof

are or shall be established (except such Stuffs as are under the regulation of the Wardens and Fellowshipp of

the mystery of Russell Sattens, Sattens, Reverses and Fustians of Norwich making within the City of Norwich) And that all Stuffs made or to be made under the Regulation aforesaid before the same shall be offered or put to sale shall be brought to Weavers Hall for the time being within the County of the City of Norwich to be

veiwed and searched by the said Wardens or any two of them And if the same shall be found to be well and

sufficiently made and wrought according to the Rules and Ordinances of the said Trade then all such Stuffs shall bee by the Wardens or any two of them sealed and allowed accordingly without any sum of money paid or to be paid for the same And if upon search and veiw thereof any such Stuffs shall be found and appeare to be defective contrary to the Rules and Ordinances of the said Wardens and Assistants then all such defective Stuffs

IX.

Stuffs and Makett of Stuffs to be under the Government of Wardens and Assistants.

Stuffs before offered for Sale to be brought to Weavers Hall;

and if well made, to be sealed and allowed; if defective, seized and tried.

1 0. omits.

* of 0.

372

14° Car. II. c. 5.

A.D. 1sm.

Regulations as to Jury, and impanneUing.

Power of Jury to try the Stuffs and impose Fine*

Defc&ive Stuffs to be detained until Fine paid; how to be disposed of if Fine not paid.

X.

Wardens sealing Stuffs found defe&ire by a Jury.

Penalty on Wardens to be imposed by

Jury.

The same Jury may inquire into all other Frauds, &c. of Wardens and Assistants;

and may punish.

XI.

If such Stuffs on Trial prove good, the Persons molesting Wardens to pay Rouble Damages.

XII. Persons not to buy Stuffs unsealed. Saving King’s Right of Aulnage.

Stuffs unsealed found in Possession. Exception.

Penalty.

XIII. Counterfeiting Seal of Trade, or sealing with Counterfeit Seal, or removing Seal.

Penalty ggio.

XIV.

Unduly usingTrade of a Weaver. Penalty.

XV.

Mark of Weaver to be wove into Stuff. Penalty.

shall be seized by the said Wardens or any two of them and tried by a Jury of twelve Artificers of the aid Regulation of Worsted Weavers Six whereof to be of the City of Norwich and Six to be of the County of Norfolke who shall be from time to time impannelled by & Precept under the Hand and Seale of the Maior of the Citty of Norwich for the time being or his Deputie And if any who shall be so impannelled shall fail in appearance the number to be made up either of the Master Weavers of the City of Norwich or of the County of Norfolke by a Precept from the said Maior which Jury so impannelled or taken & sworn before the Maior of the said City for the time being shall try the said Stuffs and find whether they bee made according to this Act and the By Lawes and Ordinances made by vertue thereof or of any other Act of Parliament and shall have power to impose a moderate Fine according to the nature of the offence not exceeding the moyety of the value of the defective Stuffs so seized and tried the same Fines to goe to the use of the Trade and Manufacture And those Stuffs which shall be found defective to bee detained untill the Fine or Fines set upon them by the Jury be paid which if the Owner of the same Stuffs shall not pay to the said Wardens or some of them within forty dayes after the Tryall then the same Stuffs to be sold by any two of the said Wardens and the overplus of the moneyes thereof coming after the Fines deduced to be restored to the Owner upon demaund

And it is further enacted That if any Warden or Wardens shall at any time seale or cause to be sealed any Stuffs made under the said regulation which shall afterwards be discovered by any person to be defective contrary to this present Act and the By lawes Rules and Ordinances thereupon made or hereafter to bee made or any of them and found soe to bee by a Jury of twelve Artificers of the said Trade from time to time to be impannelled and sworn before the said Maior or his Deputie and the said Steward of the Dutchy of Lancaster for the time being if he be there present And if the said Steward be absent then before the said Maior or his Deputy only [of1] which Jury six shall bee of the said City Weavers and the other Six of the said Countrey Weavers who shall have and hereby have power to sett and impose a Fine upon the Warden or Wardens of the said Trade offending for every peice of defective Stuff so sealed as the same Jury in theire discretion shall thinke fitt the same Fine not exceeding the sum of fourty shillings which shall be to the use of the Kings Majestie And that the same Jury or any other such like Jury from time to time to be impannelled by and sworn before the persons aforesaid or any of them shall likewise esquire into all and every other the frauds abuses and Miscarriages of the Wardens and Assistents and every of them in the Execution of theire Offices and correct and punish them and every of them for theire severall offences in such manner as is herein before mentioned to bee done against any other offenders who are under the said Regulation

Provided that if the said Wardens or any of them shall be unjustly molested and that if such Stuffs upon tryall shall be found by the Jury to bee good and duly made or that they or the Assistents or any of them are not guilty of any such frauds miscarriages or abuses as they are complained of for the person or persons so causelesly molesting shall pay to the Wardens or Assistents or any of them so unjustly molested double the damages they or any of them shall or may sustain by any such molestation

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall not bee lawfull for any person or persons to buy any peice or peices of Stuffs before the same be sealed by the Wardens of the said Trade saving to the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors all such right of Customes Subsidies and Aulnage of Norfolke and Norwich Stuffs or Worsteds or any of them as he or they might lawfully have claimed before the making of this Act. And

that if any peice or peices of Stuffs shall be found in the possession of any person or persons unsealed except in

the possession of the first Owner or Maker thereof the person or persons in whose custody the same shall be found shall be adjudged guilty of deceit and shall forfeit for every such peice of Stuffe which be so found in his or theire possession unsealed as aforesaid the sum of four shillings And the Maker and Seller of the same who shall deliver the same out of his or theire possession before the same be sealed shall likewise forfeit for every

such peice other four shillings xo the use of the poore of the said Trade and Manufacture

And that if any person shall counterfeit any seale of the said Trade or shall seale any peice of Stuffe under the Regulation with any counterfeit Seale or shall remove a Seale of one peice and sett it unto another peice which hath not beene sealed by the Wardens every person so offending and being thereof convicted by his owne Confession or by the Oath of two or more Witnesses to be taken before the Maior of the said City or his Deputy or any one Justice of Peace of the City of Norwich or County of Norfolke who respectively have hereby power to administer an Oath for that purpose shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds of lawfull English money to the use of the Kings Majestie

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Person or Persons shall use or exercise the same Trade as a Weaver unles he hath served to the same Trade as an Apprentice by the space of Seaven Yeares upon pain of forfeiting Forty Shillings for every Moneth he shall use or exercise the same Trade not haveing served thereunto as aforesaid the one halfe thereof to the Kings Majestie and the other halfe thereof to the Person or Persons who will sue or prosecute for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint Indictment or Information in any of His Majesties Courts of Record.

And that every Person under the said Regulation shall weave his proper Stuff Mark into every peice of Stuff which he shall weave or cause to bee woven at the head end of the same peice upon paine of forfeiting three Shillings for every peice that shall be woven without such Marke to the use of the poore of the said Trade and Manufacture

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 5.

373

And die said Wardens and Assistents or any two or more of them shall have and hereby have power to enter into and search the Houses and Worke houses of any Artificers within the City of Norwich and County of Norfblke under the Regulation of the said Wardens and Assistents and the Shops Houses and Ware houses of any Merchant Common buyer Dealer in and Retayler of any the said Stuffs and into the House and Worke house of any Pyer Sheerman Callender or other Workmans house and places of sale and dressing of the said Stuffs att all times of the day and usual times of working and may there search and view the Stuffs there found whether they be ordered and made according to this present Act and the Lawes Orders and Ordinances of the said Trade And that if any such Stuff as aforesaid shall be found faultie or defective That then they or any two of them shall seize take and carry away the same to be ordered and brought to Try all and proceeded against in manner and forme as is before in this present Act mencbned and appointed for defective Stuffs

And for the better providing that poor Journey men who have served in the said Trade and are not able to set up for themselves may be imployed in worke It is hereby enacted That whatsoever Person under the Regulation of the said Trade who shall imploy two Apprentices in the said Trade shall likewise imploy and sett on worke two Journey men in the said Trade during the time he imployes two Apprentices and that no Master Weaver under the Regulation of the said Trade shall att any time have imploy or sett on worke above two Apprentices or any weeke-Boy to weave in a Lombe in the said Trade in worsted weaving upon pain that every person shall forfeit for every Moneth so offending as aforesaid the Sum of five pounds to the use of the Kings Majestie

And be it further enacted That all Persons who are or may be concerned in any thing contained in this present Act are hereby strictly enjoyned and required to yeeld due Obedience thereunto according to the true intent and meaning of this present Act. And that if any Person or Persons shall refuse hinder or will not permit the said Wardens or Assistants or any twoe or more of them to execute theire Office according to the tenour of this Act that then every person so offending being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Wittnesses before the Maior of the said City or his Deputy or any one Justice of Peace of the said Gty of Norwich or County of Norfolke respectively who are hereby authorized to administer such Oath shall forfeit the Sum of Fourtie Shillings to the use of the Kings Majestie.

And if any Person lawfully summoned to appeare upon any Jury or Tryali according to the tenor of this Act shall refuse or neglect to appeare and proceed upon the same every person soe refusing or neglecting shall forfeit for every such neglect or refusall the sume of Five Shillings to the use of the poore of the said Trade and Manufacture which said penalties and forfeitures togeather with all other fines and penalties which are appointed to goe to the poore of the Trade and Manufacture or for the use thereof menc6ned in this Act the meanes of recoverie of which is not alreadie otherwise herein provided and sett forth shall be levied by distresse and sale of the Offenders goods and chattels by warrant to be granted by the said Maior or his Deputy for the time being or any one Justice of Peace of the City of Norwich or County of Norfolke rendring the Overplus of such distresse to the Owner thereof if any shall be and the same shall be by him demaunded or otherwise to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint lndiftment or Information in any his Majesties Courts of Record wherein no wager of Law Essoyn or Protection shall be allowed to the Defendant as aforesaid.

And whereas the Custome hath beene retained time out of mind and found expedient that there should be a cessation of weaving every yeare in the time of Harvest in regard the Spinners of Yarn which the said Weavers doe use are at that time cheifly imployed in Harvest worke Be it enacted That no Weaver under the Regula&n of the said Trade and Manufacture shall sett any Loome on worke for the weaveing of any Stuffs under the said Regulation in the time of Harvest yearely from the Fifteenth day of August in every Yeare untill the Fifteenth day of September then next following upon pain of forfeiting to the Kings Majestie the Summe of Fortie shillings for every Loom which shall be used in worke within the said time

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That a true accompt shall be made at the foure Assemblies (to be held quarterly as aforesaid) by the Wardens before the Maior of the City of Norwich for the time being and one of the Justices of the Peace of the said City and County of Norwich and two Justices of the Peace of the County of Norfolke of all such Fines and Forfeitures as shall be received and had belonging to the said Trade & Manufacture and of the necessarie Charges and Disbursements touching the same Trade and Manufacture and that the Overplus which shall remaine after the said necessary Charges and Disbursements are deducted shall be devided into two equall parts the one Moyetie thereof to be disposed (') by the Wardens and Assistants of the said City of Norwich or the greater parte of them and the other Moyety thereof by the Wardens and Assistants of the said County of Norfolke or the greater parte of them for the use of the poore of the said Trade and Manufacture in such manner as the said Maior and Justices aforesaid respectively shall order and direct and no other any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And that all Mayors Justices Sheriffes Bayliffes Constables and all other Officers shall be aiding and assisting to the said Wardens and Assistants or any of them as often as they shall be thereunto required and in all Actions and Suits that shall be brought against any Person or Persons for acting in any thing according to the true intent and meaning of this Act the Person or Persons soe sued or molested shall or may plead the generall Issue of not guilty and give the speciall matter in evidence and shall recover double costs in every such case if the Verdict passe for such Person or Persons or that the Piaintiffe or Plaintiffs be Non Suit therein

XVI.

Power* to Warden* and Assistants to enter and search in Houses, &c. of Artificers, Merchant*,

Dyer*, See.

and to seize defective Stuffs there.

XVII. Persons employing Two Apprentices to employ Two Journeymen. Employing more than Two Apprentices or a Week Boy. Penalty.

XVIII. Persons concerned in this Act to obey the tame.

Hindering Wardens, &c. in executing their Office.

Penalty 40s.

XIX. Refusing to appear on Jury or Trial.

Penalty 5s.

Penalties to the Poor of the Trade.

Distress for Penalty where Recovery not otherwise provided

for.

XX.

Recital of Custom that Weaving should cease during Harvest.

No Loom to be in Work from 15th August to 15th Sept, yearly. Penalty.

XXI. Account of Fines to be made at the Four Assemblies, and of necessary Charge* touching the Manufacture.

Overplus how to be disposed of.

XXII. Mayors, Stc. to be aiding Wardens and Assistants.

In Aftioos for executing Act, General Issue. Double Costs.

« of 0.

5 c

8T4

14° Car. II. c.5,6.

A.D. 1662.

xxm.

Proviso for Yarmouth and Lynn as to bringing their Wares to Norwich to be sealed. See.

14 (14&15)

H. VIII. c.3.

Provided alwaies That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to compell the Weavers of the Towns of Great Yarmouth and Lyn in the said County of Norfolke to bring theire Wares to Norwich to bee sealed or be prejudicial to the Weavers of the said towns or either of them to deprive them or either of them of such liberties or Privileges as are granted unto them by an Act of Parliament made in the Fourteenth Yeare of King Henry the Eighth or by any other Act of Parliament or Grant or Charter whatsoever This Act to begin and take effect /rom the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and two

Rot. Parl. 14 C. II.

p.i. nu. 6.

Recital that former Laws are ineffectual.

Choice of Surveyors of Highways regulated.

XL

Surveyors to view Highways, &c. Penalty

and to consider what Repairs wanting, and the Cost thereof;

and, together with Householders, lay Assessment,

not exceeding 6d. in the Pound in one Year.

Assessments to be allowed and signed by Justice.

Persons not paying Assessment to pay Double.

Proviso.

Surveyors to see that Nuisances are reformed.

Surveyors to hire Labourers, &c. yearly.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for enlarging and repairing of Common High wayes

WHEREAS the former Lawes and Statutes for the mending and repairing of the Common and Publick High wayes of this Realme have not beene found so effectuall as is desired by meanes whereof and the extraordinary burthens carried upon Waggons and other Carriages diverse of the said High wayes are become very dangerous and almost unpassable For remedy whereof bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the Church Wardens and Constables or Tything Men of every Parish Town Village or Hamlett for the time being within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed shall upon Monday or Tuesday in the Easter weeke yearely (whereof notice shall be publiquely given the Sunday foregoeing in the Church immediately after the end of Morning Prayer) with the advice and consent of the major part of the Inhabitants which shall be then present choose twoe or more sufficient and able persons residing and inhabiting within theire Parish Town Village or Hamlett to be Surveyors of theire High Wayes for the yeare next ensueing and give notice thereof in writing to the persons chosen and for default of such choice soe to be made as aforesaid the Church Wardens Constables or Tything Men and Inhabitants of every such Parish Town Village or Hamlet shall forfeit and loose the sum of Five pounds

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every Surveyor and Surveyors within Twenty Dayes next after notice given unto him or them of his and theire Election as aforesaid or of the Publication of this Act shall upon the penalty of five pounds view and survey all the Cdmon and Publique High Wayes and Bridges within the Parish Town Village or Hamlett wherein he or they are respective Surveyor or Surveyors and all Watercourses Causeys and Pavements therein which are to be repaired and amended at a Publique Charge of the said Parish Town Village or Hamlett and shall consider what Reparations shall be needfull to bee made and what Sum or Suras of money will be requisite to be raised for the amending repairing and enlargeing of the same over and above what will be done by the other Lawes made for the amending of the said High wayes and thereupon shall togeather with two or more substantiall Householders of the said Parish Town Village or Hamlet called by the Surveyors to theire assistance within ten dayes after such Survey made lay one or more Assessment or Assessments upon every Inhabitant rated to the poore and upon every Occupier of Lands Houses Tythes Impropriate or Appropriate Portions of Tythes Coal Mines and other Mines saleable Underwoods Stock Goods or other personal Estate not being Household stuffe within the said Parish Town Village or Hamlet for the repairing amending and enlargeing of the said Publick and Comon High wayes as they the said Surveyors and other the substantial Householders or the major part of them shall thinke fitt meet and necessary which said Assessment or Assessments shall not exceed in the whole above the sum of Six pence in the pound in any one yeare according to the reall value of the same and twenty pounds in Money Goods Stock or other personall Estate shall be rated equally to twenty shillings a yeare in Lands And every such Assessment soe made shall within Six dayes after be presented to some Justice of the Peace neare adjoyning to the Parish where it is made to bee seene allowed and signed by him And after such allowance every person so assessed or taxed that shall not within twenty dayes after demand made by the Surveyors or one of them pay such sum or sums of money assessed on him or her or them unto the Surveyors or one of them shall forfeit and pay double so much as he [she1] or they are assessed to pay unlesse (upon complaint made to the said Justice of wrong done to such person by that Assessment) the said Justice shall thinke fitt to alter the same And in case where Comon Nusances are in High wayes or where Ditches or Watercourses adjoyning unto High wayes are not scoured and dressed the said Surveyors shall see the same reformed and the Offenders punished according to Law deducting out of the moneys soe to be raised his reasonable charges for prosecution And for the more effectuall mending the High wayes and Parish Bridges and Streets the Surveyors afore menebned shall yearely att the most convenient and fitting time betweene the first of May and (l) last of August hire Labourers Workemen Carts and Carriages for amending the High wayes Streets Parish Bridges aforesaid and Water courses and shall cause them to be well and sufficiently mended

HI.

Surveyor* to direct Persons chargeable with Wain or Cart to come/ to labour or send their Carts, bee.

And for the better effecting thereof Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Surveyors or any of them within theire several Limits and Jurisdictions may yearely as he shall see cause and need require direct and appoint every person and persons who by the former Lawes & Statutes of this Realme are chargeable with Wayn or Cart to the amending of the High wayes and every other person and persons chargeable to come to labour at the said Wayes to send his or her Cart or Wayn and Team so furnished as by the Lawes is directed or to come and worke for the amending of the High wayes for so many dayes as by the Lawes are

1 interlined on the Roll.

* the 0.

14° Car. II. c. 6.

375

tppointed or for so many of them as the said Surveyors shall thinke needfull and appoint for which Teames

wocke and labour the said Surveyors shall pay unto such Workemen and Owner of such Teames Carts and Waynes

according to the usuall rate of the Countrey for such worke as they shall doe over and above what by the other Lswes made for the amending the High wayes they are appointed to doe And if any question shall arise about the value or worth of such worke or labour for Man or Teames some Justice of the Peace neare adjoyning and not* living in the said Parish shall determine what is fitt to be allowed for such worke And in case any person so charged to send his or her Team to worke as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to do so such person soe refuseing or neglecting shall forfeit ten shillings for every day that he or shee shall make such default and every Labourer Eighteene pence for such day that he neglects to worke as aforesaid

Provided that no person or persons occupying any Lands shall be assessed and taxed both for the said Lands and the Stock which he or. they shall use or imploy upon the same

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Surveyors of the High wayes for the time being of every such Parish Town Village or Hamlet within theire several Precincts from time to time by order from the Quarter Sessions and upon the view and by the allowance or consent of twoe or more Justices of the Peace of the County authorized thereunto by the Sessions wherein such Parish Town Village or Hamlet shall lie under theire Hands and Seales in writing where any comon or publique High way is not of the breadth of eight yards from the shoares and brincks of the Ditches on either side or from the bancks and hedges where there are no Ditches to assign and lay out so much of any mans several

Lands next adjoyning to the said Cdmon and Publick High way where they shall thinke it needfull and it may

conveniently be done as shall enlarge the said way to be the full breadth of eight yards or so much broader (toward the breadth of eight yards) then now it is as conveniently the place will beare from the said Shoares Ditches Banks or Hedges by the consent of the Owner or Owners of the said Lands according to his or theire respective Interests therein or otherwise by Order of the Justices of Peace at theire Quarter Sessions after a Writt of Ad quod damnum first issued out and returned to assign and lay out a new and more comodious way in and over the said Lands next or neare adjoyning to the said common and publick High wayes the said Surveyors first giveing [such'] satisfaction for the said ground unto the respective Owners of the same according to theire severall and respective Interest in the whole not exceeding twenty yeares purchase Provided alwaies That if any Common or publick High way or wayes shall be so altered and changed as is aforesaid that then and in such case the same new Way or Wayes as alsoe any new Way or Wayes altered or to be altered by a Writ of Ad quod damnum shall from time to time be repaired and amended by such Parish or Parishes Town Hamlet or Village or by such Person and Persons and in such manner and forme as the said old and [former1] common or publick High way or wayes was or were to be repaired and amended

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That where there is not sufficient Gravell Chalk Sand Cinders or Stones within any Parish Town Village or Hamlet to repaire theire Common and publick High wayes it shall be lawfull for the Surveyor and Surveyors and such Person and Persons as he or they shall appoint upon the allowance and approbation of any two Justices of Peace within the said County to dig take and carry away Gravel Chalk Sand Cinders or Stones out of the Wast and C5mon of any neighboring Parish Town Village or Hamlet or upon the Seacoast without paying any thing for the same for [the "] repairing and amending of the High wayes aforesaid so as they fill up the place within One moneth next ensuing if required by the Owner of the soyle

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by [the*] Authority aforesaid That where there is not sufficient Gravell Chalke Stones Cinders and Sand or other Materials for to repaire the High wayes within the Comon or waste Grounds of any Parish Township or Hamlett for to amend and repaire the High wayes therein it shall and may be lawfull for the said Surveyor or Surveyors or such as they shall appoint to enter into the severall ground (not being an House Orchard Garden Court yard Parke with Deere in it or Meadow) of any person or persons within the said Parish Township or Hamlet neare adjoyning to the High wayes to be repaired where any such Materials are or may be found and to dig take and carry away from time to time such [qualities’] thereof as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for the said reparations without paying any thing for the said Materials (except only where they have formerly been paid for by Custom or Composition and at such rates as heretofore were paid for the same) rendring only such damages to the Occupier or Owner thereof as he shall sustaine by the digging and carriage thereof to bee assessed by two Justices of Peace neare the said Parish in cases of difference about the same Provided that the pitts and holes soe digged be filled up in such manner and under such penalties as are prescribed in the Statute made in the Fifth yeare of Queene Elizabeth concerning the amending of High wayes

And be it further enacted by the [Authoroty4] aforesaid That from and after the Nine and twentieth day of September which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two no travelling Waggon Wayn Cart or Carriage wherein any Burthens Goods or Wares are or shall be carried or drawn for hire (other then such Carts and Carriages as are imployed in and about husbandry and manuring of Lands and in the carrying of Hay Straw Come unthreshed Coal Chalk Timber for Shipping Materials for building Stones of all sorts or such Ammunition or Artillery as shall be for His Majesties Service) shall att any one time travel be drawn or go in any Common or Publique High way or Road with above seaven Horse-beasts whereof six shall drawe in paires and not with above right Oxen or six Oxen and two Horse-beasts nor shall att any time carry above Twenty hundred

and to pay for the same according to the Rate of the Country for Overwork. Question! respecting the tame to be settled by Justice. Persons refusing. See.

Penalty.

IV.

No Assessment both for Land and Stock.

V.

Where Roads not of the Breadth of Eight Yards Surveyors to lay out Lands adjoining.

Writ of ad quod damnum first being issued ; and Surveyors giving Satisfaction to Owners of the Land.

Such new Ways to be repaired, &c. at the former Ways.

VL

Where not sufficient Gravel, tkc. to repair, Surveyor may dig for the same in neighbouring Commons, &c. without paying for the same;

VII.

And where not sufficient in Commons, &c. Surveyors may enter and dig in Private Grounds $ except Orchards, Sec.

without paying,

(Exception)

rendering Damages to the Owner, to be assessed by Justices;

but to fill iip Holes, dec. under Penalty of 5 Elis. c. 13.

VIII. Regulations as to Number of Horses and Oxen (hawing Waggons, Sec. Exception.

and as to Weight of Burthen;

376

14° Cab. II. c. 6.

A.D. 1662.

and at to Breadth of Wheels.

Penalty 401.

To be levied by Distress.

Penalties not paidj Distress to be sold.

IX.

Offences common Nuisances.

X.

Suit commenced against Persons executing A&.

General Issue.

Double Costs.

XI.

Rates, charitable Gifts for repairing Roads, and Penalties, See (Exception)

how to be employed.

XII. Surveyors to account.

Method of Account;

and to pay Balance to Successor.

Not accounting}

Imprisonment in Common Gaol.

weight betweene the First day of October and the First [day*] of May nor above Thirty hundred weight betweene the First of May and the First of October (except such particulars as aforesaid) nor above five Quarters of Wheate Meal Meslme Rye Pease Beanes and Tares nor above eight Quarters of Barley Malt or Oates and after that proportion nor shall any Waggon Wayne Cart or Carriage for the uses aforesaid be imployed the Wheeles whereof are lesse in breadth then foure Inches in the Tyre upon pain that every Owner of such Waggon Wayn Cart Carriage Horse-beasts or Oxen shall forfeit for every of the said Offences the sum of Forty shillings to bee devided into three equal parts One part thereof to the Surveyors of the High wayes of the Town Village or Hamlet where any of the said Offences shall be committed to bee imployed in the Repaires of the said High wayes One other part to the Overseers of the Poore of the Parish where any of the said Offences shall be committed for the releife of the Poore of the said Parish and the other part thereof to him that shall discover and prosecute for any of the said Offences the said penalty to be levied by Distresse of all or any of the said Horsebeasts or Oxen and to be distributed as aforesaid by the Constable Surveyor or Surveyors of the said High wayes Overseer or Overseers of the Poore or any of them And in case the said penalties shall not be paid within three dayes after such Distresse that then it shall be lawfull to and for the said persons so distraining as aforesaid to sell the same and to restore the Overplus to the Owner the Charges of keeping and selling first dedu3ed.

And be it further enacted That all and every the said offences shall be and are hereby declared and adjudged to be common Nusances.

And bee it further enacted That if any Suit shall be commenced against any person for any thing done in pursuance of this A3 that in every such case the A3ion shall be laid in the proper County where the fa3 was done and not elsewhere and the Defendant may plead the General Issue and give this A3 and the special matter in evidence at the Tryal and if it shall [soe*] appeare to be done or that it was not done in the County where the said Suit is commenced that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant and in such case as alsoe if the Plaintiffe shall be non suit or discontinue his A3ion after the Defendant hath appeared or if upon Demurrer Judgement be given against the Plaintiffe or if upon Tryal a Verdict passe for the Defendant the Defendant shall have his double Costs and the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Case by Law.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all sums of money so rated and assessed as aforesaid and all charitable Guifts formerly given or to be given for the makeing amending and keeping in repaire of any common and publick High wayes Pavements and Cawseys (except as hereafter is excepted) and all Fines Penalties Forfeitures and other sums of money arising by Assessment or otherwise by this A3 not otherwise by this A3 disposed of and all Issues to be forfeited for not appeareing to any Information or Indi3ment for not repairing any High wayes or removing Nusances out of the same and all Fines' and Amercements to be imposed upon any Parish Town Village or Hamlet or upon any private person for not repairing of common [& publick*] High wayes which are not otherwise disposed by this Act shall bee imployed and bestowed by the said Surveyors within the respective Parishes Townes Villages and Hamlets to which such charitable Gifts are given and bestowed and within which such Assessment Fines Penalties Forfeitures Issues and Amercements are imposed happened or made in paying for Materials Workemens Wages and for such other employments as are hereby appointed to be done and performed and be levied colle3ed and gathered by the said Surveyors or any of them by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of Peace within the County City Riding Town Corporate Liberty or Limit wherein the same lieth by distresse and sale of the Goods as is aforesaid

And be it further enacted by the [Authoroty3] aforesaid That every person soe ele3ed and taking upon him or them the Office of Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid shall within One Moneth next after the expiration of the yeare wherein [he*] executed the said Office as Surveyor of the High wayes make and yeild up to the Inhabitants of the Parish Town Village or Hamlet at some publick Meeting to bee appointed by the said Inhabitants a perfe3 Accompt in Writing under his and theire Hands of all the Moneys he or they received or paid Tpithin his or theire yeare for or by reason of his or theire Office namely of whom and what received and to whom and what paid and what Moneys are in arreare and unpaid either for Assessments Fines Forfeitures Penalties and charitable Gifts and if any Overplus be in his or theire Hands he or they shall returae and pay the same to the next Surveyors or one of them for the use of the Parish Town Village or Hamlett to bee disbursed in and about the High wayes in the following yeare And if the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall not make such an Account and Payment as before any two Justices of the Peace living neere to or in the said Parish shall and may upon complaint unto them made examine the busines upon Oath and upon default found in the Surveyor or Surveyors shall and may commit him or them to the Common Goal of that County City Riding Town Corporate Liberty or Limit there to remaine until he hath made a true and perfe3 Account and Payment as aforesaid

XIII. Justices of Assize, See. and of the Peace may determine reapecting charitable Gifu for repairing Highways. Exception.

And be it further enacted That all and every Justices of Assise Oyer and Terminer and Justices of the Peace shall have Power and Authority and are hereby enabled and impowred to enquire after heare and determine all matters concerning charitable Gifts for the makeing amending and keeping in repaire any Common High wayes Pavements Streets and Cawseys within the limits of theire Commission and to make Orders therein for the due imployment of such charitable Gifts according to the true intent and meaning of the Donors thereof except Gifts to the aforesaid Uses made to any Colledge Hall Free School or Hospital which have Visitors of theire owne and alsoe to heare and determine all Offences Defaults and Defe3s in Surveyors or others concerning the Premisses.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 6.

377

Provided that if any person [aboil *]be agreived with such Order they shall have liberty to appeal to the Court of Chancery as in the case of a Decree made upon the Statute of charitable Uses.

XIV. Appeal to Chancery.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the first day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and two no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any Information Indictment Presentment Order or other proceedings in the Quarter Sessions of for or concerning any matter or thing in this Act unlesse the party or parties against whom any such Information Indictment Presentment Order or other proceedings shall be had by vertue of this Act shall before the allowance of such Certioraries become bound to the person or persons prosecuting in the sum of forty pounds with such sufficient sureties as the Justices of Peace att theire said Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall thinke fitt with condition to pay unto the said prosecutors within One moneth after the Conviction of such parties indicted theire full costs and damages to be ascertained upon theire Oathes and that in default thereof it shall be lawfull for the said Justices to proceed to triall of such Indiftments Any such Writs of Certiorari to remove the same Indiftments notwithstanding

XV. Certiorari not to be allowed OR Information, &c.

unless Security for Costs, 4C40.

And whereas at a generall Quarter Sessions held for the County of Wilts it was at the humble Petic&n of the Peti66ners of Laycock and other Inhabitants of the said County ordered that one ancient Bridge called Foot Bridge leading thorough the said Parish between London Bath and Bristol being more comodious for all Passengers than one other Bridge in the said Parish called Rey Bridge should be repaired and made passable for all Carts Waggons and Carriages (with the Materials of Rey Bridge) which was thereby ordered to be taken down which Order was accordingly put in Execution in the said County and Parish Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Parishoners and all others imployed by them in the pulling downe the said Bridge caUed Rey Bridge and imploying the Materials thereof as aforesaid shall be and are hereby indempnified from all suits troubles and molestations whatsoever touching or concerning the same and that the said Parishoners of Laycock and other the aforesaid Inhabitants shall not hereafter be compelled by Information or Indictment or any other way be made chargeable with the rebuilding of the said Bridge called Rey Bridge otherwise then for the maintaining the said Bridge sufficient for Horse and Pack as it now stands Any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided likewise and be it enacted That this Act shall not extend to exempt any Owner Farmer or Lessee of any Iron worke or other person within the Wildes of the Counties of Surrey Sussex or Kent for carrying so

many load of Cinder Gravel Stones and other Materials or contributing such sums of money towards the amending

and repairing of the High wayes as they are obliged to by any former Acts

And be it further provided and enacted That where the Justices of the Peace of any County at theire Generall Quarter Sessions or any two of such Justices neare to any Parish Township or Hamlett shall be folly satisfied that the High wayes and Bridges within the same may and will be sufficiently amended and repaired according to former usage without the helpe of this Act that then and in such Cases only there shall no Assessment be made within the same for and towards theire reparations by vertue of this Act

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Justices of Peace of the County of Middlesex in theire publick Sessions of the Peace shall have Power and Authority to make Orders for erecting or setting up a new Bridge of Brick or Stone fitting for the passage of Carts and Carriages in the rodm and place of a Bridge now only passable for Foot and Horse called Stratford Bridge in the Parish of Hillingdon in the said County or in some [other *] more convenient place neare thereunto at the present charge of the whole County for the erecting of the same but to be upheld repaired and maintained after it be so erected at the charge of the Lord of the Manour wherein the said Bridge now standeth proportionable to the charge he is now at for maintaining the Horse Bridge and the residue of the charge to be borne by the Parishoners of the said Parish for which purpose the said Justices of the Peace at theire said publick Sessions are hereby enabled to make respective rates accordingly so as the sum to be assessed for the erecting the said Bridge exceed not the sQm of One hundred pounds [And the said Justices are to take care that the said Bridge be finished by or before the first

day of August in the Yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty and three1]

XVI. Recital of Petition of certain Inhabitants of the Parish of Laycock in the County of Wilts, respecting Foot Bridge and Rey Bridge.

The said Parhhioners

indemnified against rebuilding Rey Bridge except for Horse and Pack.

XVII. Owners of Iron Works, and Persona within the Wilds of Surrey, Sussex, and Kent, not exempt.

XVIII. Cases in which no Assessment under this Act.

XIX. Proviso respe&ay Stratford Bridge in the Pariah of Hillingdon in the County of Middlesex*

[And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Surveyors doe take care that all and every Bridge ^ XX. or Bridges within theire respective limits shall before the Feast of S*. Michael One thousand six hundred sixty [and1] ouTtlu^B^gt* two have sufficient walls or posts and railes of each side thereof four foot high at the least and that the said walls wrf^lfaits or posts and railes be from time to time kept in sufficient repaire3] and Rails.

[Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Surveyors of the High ways named for the yeare One thousand six hundred sixty and two shall within Twenty dayes after the Publication of this Act proceede to do and execute all things in this Act for the said yeare One thousand six hundred sixty two And where there are no Surveyors of the High wayes chosen for the said yeare One thousand six hundred sixty two they shall be chosen within Twenty dayes after Publication of this Act by such persons as by this Act is appointed and being so chosen they shall hereafter do and execute all things according to the tenure of this Act

XXI. Proviso respecting Surveyors for the Year 166s; and alto where no Surveyors chosen for that Year.

3T8

14* Cab. II; c. 6,7.

A.D.I&69.

XXII. Tenant of Lands to pay Assessment. Proviso for Agreeinents.

XXIII. Continuance

of Aa.

Rot. Pari 14 C. //. p• #• nv. 7.

Recital that by reason of Exportation of Leather the Price is unduly raised.

Persons not to export Skins, &c. otherwise than as herein mentioned.

II.

Skins taken from Beasts in any Island except Ireland to be exported to England only. Penalty*

III.

Red Tanned Leather to be brought into Common Fairs and Markets only. Penalty.

Con trad void.

Such Leather to be searched and sealed, and Sale registered.

Penalty.

IV.

Unduly exporting Leather, &c. (Exception.)

Disabled to trade, and Penalty £500.

V.

Proviso for Exportation of Leather made into Boots, &c.

VI.

The Companies of Cordwainers, Saddlers, &c. and also Mayors, &c. may search and seize Leather intended to be exported.

Provided aisoe and be tt enabled by the Authority aforesaid That where any Lands are let the Tenant and Occupier thereof shall pay the Assessment and bear all charges for the mending of the High wayes and not the [Land ‘]lord except where there is or shall be any Agreement betweene the said Landlord and the Tenant to the contrary. *]

Provided aisoe and be it further enacted That the power of raising and levying money by vertue of this Act shall continue in force for Three yeares only from the five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred sixty and two and no loL6*.r but that all other Powers and Clauses in this A d shall continue and stand in force until the end of the First Session of the next Parliament and no longer*

CHAPTER VH.

An Act to restrain the Exportation of Leather and Raw Hides out of the Realme of England.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many good Lawes beforfe this time made and still in force prohibiting the Exportation of Leather out of this Realm and the penaltie by those Acts imposed by the cunning and subtilty of some persons and the neglect of others who ought to take care thereof there are such quantities of Leather daily exported to forreign parts that the price of Leather is grown to those excessive rates that many Artificers working Leather cannot furnish themselves with sufficient store thereof for the carrying on of theire Trades and the poore sort of people are not able to buy those things made of Leather which of necessity they must make use of: For redresse of which greifs be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled That from and after the first day of May now next ensuing no person or persons whatsoever shall carry or transport or cause to bee carried or transported out of England into Scotland Ireland or into any of the Isles

belonging to this Kingdome or to any parts beyond the Seas the Skins or Hides tanned or untanned of any Ox

Steer Bull Cow or Calfe otherwise or in any other manner then is by this present Act directed

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That none of the Skins or Hides aforesaid which shall happen to be taken from any of the Beasts aforesaid within any Island whatsoever belonging to the Kingdome of England (except Ireland) shall be transported out of that Island to any other place but into the Kingdome of England upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence double the value of Skins or Hides so to be transported out of the said Island or any of them to any other place then into the Kingdome of England the same forfeiture to bee sued for and disposed as hereafter in this Act is directed.

And for the better preventing of such mischeifs as are intended to be remedied by this Act bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Red tanned Leather made of the Hides or Skins of any of the Beasts aforesaid of

what kind or nature soever shall be bought onely in the open and common Fair or Market used for the putting

of Leather to sale and not in any House Tanners Yard Shop or other place whatsoever on pain that such person or persons that shall not accordingly doe the same shall for every such offence forfeit the same Leather or the value thereof and the contract for the sale thereof shall be void And all such Leather shall be searched and sealed by the Searchers and Sealers thereunto appointed before the same be put to sale and upon such sale shall be registred and a true Entry thereof made both by the Buyer and Seller who are both to be present at such Registring thereof and both theire names and places of abode entred into the booke of the said Register on pain that every such Buyer or Seller that shall not accordingly do the same shall for every such offence forfeit the same Leathef or the value thereof and the forfeiture shall be recovered and imployed in such manner as hereafter in this Act is directed

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall be found guilty of the Transportation of any Leather or Raw Hides of any of the Beasts aforesaid excepting such Calve-Skins and Sheep-Skins dressed without the Wool as by Law may be transported) contrary to the provision of this Act he shall from thenceforth be disabled to trade or deal in Leather for the future and shall for every such offence forfeit the slim of five hundred pounds to be sued for and disposed as hereafter in this Act is directed

Provided neverthelesse That this Act or any thing thereto contained shall not extend to the prohibiting the Transportation of any Leather made into Bootes Shoos or Slippers but that the same may be transported Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the regpedhre Masters and Wardens of the Cordweyners Sadlers Girdlers and Curriers of the City of London and theire Deputies and all Customers Comptrollers Farmers of Customes Supervisors Searchers and other Officers belonging to the Customes and to and for all Justices of the Peace Maiors and cheife Officers of Corporations within this Realm Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed from time to time as well by Land as Water to search for

1 interlined on the Roll.

• annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

jiJ)AG62.

14° Cae.II. c.1

379

and seise any Leather or Raw Hides wrought or unwrought cut or uncut packed up or unpacked intended or purposed to be transported by any person or persons into act, the parts beyond the Seas or into Scotland other then Calve Skins and Sheep Skins as aforesaid

And whereas diverse Tanners do shave cut and rake theire upper leather Hides all over and die necks of their backs and butts to the great impairing thereof and the extream prejudice of the Kingdome Be it therefore enacted Vf the Authority aforesaid That every Tanner who after the Nine and twentieth day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two shall commit any such offence as aforesaid shall forfeit all the said Leather Backs Buts or Calve skins so shaved cut or raked or the value thereof and it shall be lawfull for the Searchers and Sealers of Leather to seise the same

And be it further enacted That the Market for Leather in Leaden hall [in London *] shall be kept on the Tuesday as now it is Any Law usage or custome to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all the penalties and forfeitures and every sum and stuns of money for any offence or offences herein before mentioned shall be recovered by a&iofi of Debt Bill Plaint Information to be brought for the same in any Court or Courts at Westminster or in any Court or Courts of Record in the City Town County or place where the said offence shall be committed wherein no Wager of Law Protection or Essoign shall be admitted neither shall the same be removed out of the said County City or Town Corporate the one halfe of the said forfeitures to be to the [use of the1 ] Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors and the other halfe thereof to thfe use of the Informer or Informers that shall sue for the same

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That all such Exportation or Transportation of any Hides or Leather contrary to this Act is hereby adjudged and declared to be a common and publick Nusance

Provided neverthelesse that this Act shall not extend or be construed to prohibite the carrying or conveying [of1] any such Hides or Leather which shall be used or imployed for the necessary use or provision of any Shipp or Vessdl in any Voyage beyond the Seas and which shall not be sold in any forreigne parts so as the number doe not exceed Six Raw Hides and Three Tanned Hides

Provided alwaies neverthelesse and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every Artificer dealing in cutting of Leather or other person or persons whatsoever which shall hereafter buy any Red tanned Leather within the City of London or three miles thereof shall before the next Market day within the said place for sale of Leather give notice thereof to one or more of the Company of Curryers then exercising and using the Art and Mistery of a Curryer within the said City [of1] London and three miles thereof and within three weekes after such notice shall deliver or cause to be delivered the said Leather so bought except such part thereof as shall be used for Soales without being curried tallowed or dressed unto the said Currier or Curriers to whom such notice was given to the intent that the same may [b1] curried tallowed or otherwise dressed as is directed and appointed by one A d made in the First yeare of King James Chapter twenty second touching the duty of Tanners Curriers Shoemakers and othefs upon penalty of the forfeiture of Six shillings eight pence for every Back But Hide or Calves skin so bought and not delivered afe aforesaid for the uses and to be recovered as aforesaid

And whereas it is enacted amongst other things by the said Act made in the First yeare of King James that no person or persons shall by any meanes occupy or put in any made wares within the City of London or three miles of the same City any Curryed Leather before the same shall be searched and allowed by the Wardens of the Curryers of London for the time being or such persons as they shall thereto assign and be sealed with a Seale therefore to be prepared upon pain that every Shoemaker and other Artificer Cutter of Leather offending against that Article should forfeit for every Hide or Skin otherwise curryed or imployed as is aforesaid Six shillings eight pence and the value of every such Hide or Skin Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Master and Wardens of the Company of Curriers for the time being or such persons as they shall thereto assign shall from time to time and att all seasonable times in the day time enter into any Ware House Shopp Celler or other place within the said City of London or three miles of the same City belonging unto any (4) the said Cordwainers Sadlers Girdlers or other person or persons being Artificers dealing in cutting Leather and in the presence of any two or more of them to search for and seize all such Leather intended to bee prohibited to be used by the said Clause Branch or Article as aforesaid as alsoe for all Wares made of such Leather and if any such person or persons Artificers or Dealers as aforesaid shall oppose or refuse to permit the said Master and Wardens of the Company of Curriers or such persons as they shall thereto assign to make any such search or seisure as aforesaid hee or they shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of Twenty pounds for the uses and to be recovered as aforesaid And if any of the said Artificers and Dealers in cutting of Leather do refuse to be present with the said Searchers whensoever the same shall be desired by the said Master and Wardens of the Company of the Curriers or such persons thereto assigned by them as aforesaid then for every such default the persons so refusing shall forfeit the sum of Ten pounds for the uses and to bed recovered as aforesaid.

1 interlined on the Roll.

• 0. omits.

* bee 0.

«of 0

VII.

Tanoers ua<kly •having Hides, Penalty.

VIII.

When I^adfnhall Market to be kept.

IX.

Penalties how to be recovered.

X.

Undue Exportation a common Nuisance.

XI.

Proviso for Hide* &c. carried for the Use of Ships on Voyages.

XII.

Persons buying Red Tanned Leather to give Notice to any of Curriers Company carrying on Business in London, and within Three Miles thereof.

Proviso for certain Leather used for Soles.

I JlC. I. C. 22. Penalty.

XIII. Recital of I Jac. I. c. 22.

Master and Wardens of Curriers Company may in the Daytime enter Shops, &c. in London, or within Three Miles thereof, belonging to Artificers in cutting Leather, and search and seine.

Such Persons opposing Search, fee.

Penalty j&so. or refusing to be present at Search, Penalty £io.

14° Car. II. c. 8.

A.D. 1662.

Rot. Parl. 14C.II. p. t. mu. 1.

Recital that there was a loyal Party which bore Arms in defence of the late and present King;

and that by means thereof the King had returned in Peace and Triumph.

Reasons for passing this Act

j£6o,oooo to be distributed amongst the loyal and indigent Officers.

II.

To be paid to a Treasurer chosen by Commissioners at the times and by the means herein mentioned.

13 Car. II.

Stat. a. c. 3.

And upon Payment the Acquittance of such Treasurer to be a Discharge to Receiver General.

Receiver General not paying to Treasurer may be sued.

iil

Commissioners named for granting Certificates to Officers.

CHAPTER Vni.

An Act for Distribution of Threescore thousand pounds amongst the truly Loyal & Indigent Commission Officers and for assessing of Offices and distributing [the1] Moneys thereby raised for theire further supply.

XX THERE AS there was a Loyall Party which through all hazards and extremities in the defence of the Kings

▼ V Person Crown and Dignity the Rights and Priviledges of Parliament the Religion Lawes and Honour of the English Nation did beare Armes by the Command of His late Majestie of ever blessed Memory according to theire duty and the known Lawes of this Land and did with an unwearied Courage Faith and Constancy with theire lives and fortunes oppose that barbarous Rebellion raised against His most Excellent Majestie in the yeare One thousand six hundred forty and twoe by some of the men then sitting at Westminster till by expresse Orders from His Sacred Majesty in One thousand six hundred forty and six the said loyall and worthy persons were commanded to render and disband which Orders being obeyed and a new discovery being made of further Treasons against the life of theire most gracious Soveraign they entred into several 1 fresh attempts to save Him in which some fell a noble Sacrifice for theire Countrey and the rest asserted with the same vigorous and active Loyalty after the horrid murder of that glorious Prince the Rights and Interests of His Royall Successor and with the same restlesse zeale opposed all succeeding Usurpations untill that Great Captaine the Duke of Albermarle (a person for ever to be remembred by all English men with Honour and Admiration) and other worthy persons did improve the long expected opportunity of theire Conjunction with the Loyall [Party*] of this Nation by meanes whereof His Sacred Majesty returned in Peace and Triumph and in the safety and government of His gracious Majesty all the good people of England are restored to the well being of the Publique and to all theire Lawes Liberties and Fortunes Wee therefore the Lords & Commons for the perpetuall memory of the eminent deservings of the said Loyall Party and the encouragement of Loyalty to future ages do hereby declare and make manifest our high esteeme of theire great services and sufferings exceeding all possibility of present compensacbn but that provision might be made for theire honourable Wants (so far as stands with a Kingdome exhausted by the Rapine & Oppression of a long Rebellion) wee have else where beseecht Your most Excellent Majesty to enact a certaine annual Rate upon Parishes for the supply of all the Loyall and Suffering Souldiers in generall And wee doe herein most humbly beseech Your Majesty That it may be enabled and be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the sum of Threescore thousand [pounds'] be with most convenient speed distributed amongst such truly Loyal and Indigent Officers who have had real Command of Souldiers according to theire several Commissions and who have never deserted His Majestie nor His blessed Fathers service during the late times of Rebellion and Usurpation and who have not a sufficient livelihood of theire own nor have since His Majesties returne obtained any Reward Office or Imployment sufficient for a livelyhood by such wayes meanes and proportions as shall be hereafter appointed

And to that purpose it is hereby enacted by His most Excellent Majesty (out of His special Grace and Favour towards His faithfull Souldiers and Servants) that Threescore thousand pounds of good English money be paid unto such person as shall be chosen Treasurer by the Commissioners according as is hereafter declared at such time or times and by the wayes and meanes following (that is to say) That all the severall Moneys or Taxes ariseing out of the Assessments of and from the Counties of Comwal Rutland Monmouth Lancaster Westmerland and Anglesey for all the Eighteen Monthes according to an Act entituled An Act for granting unto the Kings Majesty Twelve hundred and threescore thousand pounds to be assessed and levied by an Assessment of Threescore and ten thousand pounds by the Moneth for Eighteene Moneths shall be duly paid unto such Treasurer as aforesaid by the respective Receivers General or such other person or persons as are or shall be appointed by His Majesty for the Receipt thereof in all or any the said Counties according to the several times and dayes of Payment directed them in the said Act [Any thing in the said Act *] contained to the contrary notwithstanding And upon Payment of the said Moneys accordingly the Acquittance under the Hand and Seale of such Treasurer as aforesaid shall be a sufficient discharge to any such Receiver General for such respective Payment against the Kings Majesty and every other person or persons whatsoever and after such Payment made noe such Receiver General shall undergoe any trouble or payment of Fees by reason of Processe from the Exchequer for the same Moneys But if any such Receiver General or such other person or persons as are or shall be appointed by His Majesty for the Receipt of such Assessments in the said several Counties shall refuse or faiie to pay the same respectively unto such Treasurer as aforesaid according to the times and dayes of Payment aforesaid that then it shall and may be lawfull for such Treasurer to sue for the same in any Court of Record at Westminster and to recover the same with damages.

And be it enacted That for granting Certificates to such Officers as are before declared all and every the persons hereafter named shall be Comissioners of and for the several and respective Counties Cities Burroughs Townes and Places hereafter named, that is to say.

Bedford.

For the County of Bedford Robert Lord Bruce eldest sonne of Thomas Lord Bruce of Wharleton in the Kingdome of England and Earl of Elgin in the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Lewis Dives Sir Lodowick Dyar Sir William Palmer of Hill Sir George Blundell Sir John Keeling Sir Humphrey Winch Francis Crawley Stephen Anderson Richard Taylor Robert Audeley Richard Conquest Esquires.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 8.

381

B

Berks

For the County of Berks George Fane John Lovelace Esquires Sir Richard Braham Knight and BarOnett Richard Nevil John Davis Richard Aldworth Humphry Hide Richard Harrison Esquires Sir Richard Powell Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Draper Baronet.

Bucks.

For the County of Bucks Sir John Burlace Sir Edmond Pye Sir William Bowyer Sir Philip Palmer Sir Robert Croke Sir William Smith Sir William Tirringham William Burlace Henry Alnut Esquires Sir Toby Tirrell Baronet Sir Ralph Veraey Bret Norton [Esq*1] Robert Crooke Esq*.

Cambridge.

For the County of Cambridge The Lord Allington of Killard in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir William Compton Sir Thomas Wendy Thomas Chicheley Esquire Thomas Crouch Esquire Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Dayrel Sir Isaac Thornton John Millicent Esquire and the Vice Chancellor of the University of Cambridge for the time being.

Chester.

For the County of Chester and County of the City of Chester William Lord Brereton of Laghlin in the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Needham Esquire Sir Thomas Smith Sir Geoige Warburton Baronets Sir Philip Egerton Sir Jeffery Shackerly Sir Robert Cotton Knights Henry Leigh of Leigh Thomas Leigh of Adlington Thomas Cholmondly Esquires Sir Richard Grosvenor Baronett.

Cornwall

For the County of Cornwall Sir Chichester Wray Knight and Baronet Sir John Trelawney Knight and Baronet Sir John Coryton Baronet Sir John Arundel Sir James Smith Bernard Gr&envile Esquire Colonell Trelawney Colonel Richard Arundell Colonel Edgcombe Colonel Trevanion Colonel Godolphin Colonel John Arundel John Trelawney Esquire Leiv*. Colonel Scawen Leiv*. Colonel Robinson Major Degory Polewheele William Pendarvis Charles Roscarrock Esquires.

Cumberland

For the County of Cumberland Sir Philip Musgrave Sir Patricius Curwen Sir William Dalston Sir Edward Musgrave Baronets Sir William Huddleston Sir Thomas Dacres Sir William Carleton Knights John Lamplew William Musgrave George Denton John Lamplew Esquires.

Derby.

For the County of Derby The Lord Cavendish eldest Sonne of William Earle of Devonshire Anthil Grey Esquire Sir John Harpur Knight John Frechvile John Milward Esquires Sir Henry Ivory Baronet George Vernon of Sudbury William Fitzherbert of Tissington Edward Vernon John Low William Bullock Esquires Rowland Eyre of Bradway Francis Barker Gentlemen Charles Cotton Henry Gilbert Richard Cooke Esquires Roger Allestry Genl William Milward Esquire.

Devon.

For the County of Devon and City of Exon The Right Honourable Sir Hugh Pollard Comptroler of KBs Majesties Household Sir Edward Seymour Sir Thomas Heal Sir Courtney Pool Baronets Sir James Smith Sir Thomas Stuckley Sir Robert Cary Knights Arthur Basset John Giffard George Yeo Esquires Thomas Clifford John Vowel Esquires Sir Coppleston Bampfeild Sir William Courtney Baronets

Dorset

For the County of Dorset Colonel Strangewayes Colonel Lawrence Colonel Bishop Colonel Reymes Colonel Radford Leiv*. Colonel Uvedale Leiv*. Colonel Butler Leiv*. Colonel Philips Major Hastings Major Dolling Major Hoskins Major Stiles Captaine Churchill Captaine Strangewayes Captaine Daubenay Captaine S*. Loe Captaine Miller Captain Freek Captaine William Ellisdon [Coronet*] Hussey.

Durham

For the County of Durham Sir Nicholas Cole Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronets Sir William Blakiston of Newton Sir Francis Anderson Sir Joseph Cradock Doctor Thomas Burrell Colonel John Tempest Colonel Anthony Bierly Cuthbert Car Esquire Colonel William Blakiston Colonel Forser.

Newcastle upon Tyne

For the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne Sir John Marlay Maior Sir Nicholas Cole Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Davison Knight Henry Marlay Henry Brabant Esquires.

5E

382

\4f> Cab. II. c. 8.

Esse*

For the County of Essex Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Apleton Baronet 9ir Edmond Peirce Knight and Colonel Sir Henry Clerke Knight Sir William Ayloffe Baronet Colonel. Gamaliel Caple Eaqutfe Captaine, William Bramston Captain, William Herris Captain John Turner Captain John Fanshaw Major John Robinson Gen?.

Gloucester

For the County of Gloucester and the City and County of the City of Gloucester Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland eldest Sonne of Edward Lord Marquesse of Worcester Robert Viscount Tracy of Ratchul in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Baynham Throckmorton Baronet Sir Nicholas Throckmorton Sir William Morton Knights Colonel Richard Atkins Esq^ Sir Henry Frederick Thyn Baronet Sir Robert Pointz Knight of the Bath John Grubham How Thomas Chester Esquires Sir Gabriel Low Knight William Trye Richard Dowdswel Esquires Sir Richard Ashfeild Sir Edward Bathurst Baronets Thomas Masters John Chamberlaine Esquires Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath Captaine Thomas Price Henry Powel Esquire (') Earl of Newburgh in the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Edward Massey.

Hereford

For the County of Hereford and City of the same Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland eldest Sonne of Edward Lord Marquesse of Worcester John Viscount Scudamore of Sligoe in the Kingdome of Ireland James Scudamore Esquire Sir Edward Hopton Sir Thomas Tomkins Fitzwilliam Conningsby Roger Vaughan Humphrey Comwal Herbert Westphaling Thomas Price Esquires Edward Aldem DoSor of Law Herbert Awbrey John Skip Thomas Cocks Esquires Sir John Kirle.

Hertford.

For the County of Hertford Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the Commons House of Parliament The Lord Viscount Fanshawe of Donnamore in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Thomas Leventhorpe Baronet Sir Philip Boteler Sir Ralph Bash Knights of the Bath Sir Francis Boteler Sir John Gore Sir John Wats Knights Sir Thomas Fanshaw Knight of the Bath William Willoughby Arthur Sparks Esquires.

Huntington.

For the County of Huntington Colonel Henry Williams Sir John Hewet Baronet Lionell Walden John Heron Robert Apreece Richard Nayler John Cotton Anthony South Esquires Sir Francis Compton

London and Westminster

For the Cities of London and Westminster Sir Edward Turner Knight [Speakers*] of the Commons House of Parliament Sir Charles Berkley Knight Treasurer of His Majesties Household Sir William Compton Sir George Carterett Sir John Denham Andrew Newport Esqs Sir Jeoffery Palmer Knight and Baronet His Majesties Attorney General Sir Henage Finch Knight and Baronet His Majesties Solicitor Generali Daniel Oneale Esquire William Legg Esquire Sir Henry Bennett Sir Philip Warwicke Sir Allan Appsley Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Nicholas Crisp Major General Egerton Sir John Robinson Leiv*. of the Tower Colonel Robert Philips Remold Graham Esquire Sir Herbert Price Baronet Sir Robert Haward John Ashbumham William Ashburnham Esquires Sir Richard Ford John Birkenhead Doctor of Lawes Francis Finch Esquire Sir Thomas Smith Sir Robert Peake Sir Edmond Pearse Knight William Garraway Esquire Sir John Harrison Sir John Jacob Sir John Wolstenholme Sir John Shawe Sir Edmond Pye Sir Edward Ford Sir Richard Everard Sir Robert Bowles Sir Lancelot Lake Sir Thomas Allen Sir George Benion Sir John Talbott John Russell Esq> Colonel Henry Washington Robert Lord Bruce eldest Sonne of Thomas Lord Bruce of Wharlton in the Kingdome of England and Earl of Elgin in the Kingdome of Scotland Edward Progers Esquire Sir Thomas Ingram Sir Robert Biron Sir Edward Broughton Thomas Morrice Esquire Thomas Nevil Sir Richard Browne Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir Charles [Herbord3] Knight His Majesties Surveyor General Colonel Richard Atkins John Porie Esq^.

Kent.

For the County of Kent and City of Canterbury Sir Thomas Payton Sir John Tufton Baronet Sir John Menns Knight and Colonel Sir Francis Clarke Colonel Sir John Mayney Knight and Colonel Sir Jonn Boys Knight and Colonel Sir Edmond Peirse Knight and Colonel Colonel Thomas Colpeper Colonel Charles Finch Colonel Thomas Hestlackenden Leiv*. Colonel Henry Norwood Leiv'. Colonel Richard Oxenden Major Manley Captain Richard Lee Captaine Pordage Sir Anthony Aucher Knight John Heath Esquire Sir William Swan. Sir Francis Clerke Colonel

Lancaster.

For the County of Lancaster The Honourable Edward Stanley Esq> William Stanley Esquire Sir George Middleton Baronet Sir Henry Slaughter Sir Jeffery Shakerley Colonel Richard Kirkby Colonel Roger Noel Major William Farrington Major Thomas Carus Captain Thomas Norris Robert Holt Esqs Sir Roger Bradshaigh Thomas Preston Hugh Dickenson Esquires Major [Cothbert*] Ogle John Heath Esquire. 1

1 y* O. * Speaker O. 5 Harbord O. 4 Cuthbert O.

A.M662.

14* Cah. II. c. 8

383

Leicester

For the County of Leicester Sir John Bale Sir [Wastan'] Dixy Baronets Sir John Bale Knight Sir Eusaby Pefaant Knight Edward Famham of Quamden Henry Turvill of Aston John Butler Esquires Robert Everard Gent Philip Sherard Esquire.

Lincoln.

For the County of Lincoln the City and County of the same The Lord Viscount of Castleton in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Thomas Meres Sir Thomas Hussey Sir William Hickman Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Philip Tirwhit Baronet Sir John Mounson Baronet & Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Bolles Sir Robert Markham Sir William Thorold Sir Robert Dallison Sir John Newton Sir Charles Hussey Baronetts Sir Adrian Scroope Knight of the Bath Sir John Walpool Sir Charles Dallison Knights Charles Pelham Jarvis Hollis Erasmus Deligne Edward Tirwhit William WhiUbcoat Ralph Evers Redmain Burrell Henry Hall Edward Turney Thomas Thorie Charles Baodes Adam Claypool John Lofton Thomas Booth Thomas Browne Esquires Mr. William Bishopp Edward Blow.

Middlesex.

For the County of Middlesex Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the House of Commons Sir Jeffrey Palmer Knight and Baronet His Majesties Attorney General Sir Heneage Finch Knight and Baronet His Majesties Sollicitor General Sir John Bennet Knight of the Honourable Order of the Bath Sir Robert Howard Sir Thomas Ingram Sir Thomas Allen Sir Henry Wroth Sir Francis Gerrard Sir Philip Warwick John Ashbumham Daniel Oneale Humphrey Weld Esquires John Cary Esquire George Pitt Esquire Sir Lancelott Lake Knight Sir Henry Herbert Sir George Binion Sir John Talbott John Russell Esquire Colonel Henry Washington Edmond Waller Esquire.

Monmouth.

For the County of Mtonmouth Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland eldest Sonn of Edward Lord Marquesse of Worcester Sir Anthony Morgan Sir George Probert Knights William Jones of Lanarth Thomas Morgan of Lansoan Miles Morgan William Morgan one of His Majesties Houshold Charles Hughes Roger Williams of Kentila Esquires James Progers Esquire.

Northampton

For the County of Northampton Sir Jeffrey Palmer Knight and Baronet His Majesties Attorney General Sir Justinian Isham Sir Thomas Cave Sir Samuel D’Anvers Baronet Samuel Clarke John Bagshaw Henry Edmonds John Willoughby Richard Kingsman John Syers Lewis Palmer Humphrey Orme Christopher Thursby Walter Kirfrham John Lynn Christopher Pickering Goddard [Pemberton1] William Stafford Esquires Colonel Henry Howard George Clarke Esquires.

Nottingham.

For the County of Nottingham Sir Jervase Clifton Knight and Baronett Sir John Digby Francis Leeke Esquire Colonel Isham Perkins Major General Anthony Eyre Cicil Cooper Esq^ Colonel Anthony Gilby Leiv*. Colonel Hugh Carthwright Anthony Eyre Esquire Arthur Stanhop Henry Sacheveril Esquires. (3)

Norfolk.

For the County of Norfolke and City of Norwich Lord Richardson of Cramond in the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Ralph Hare Sir Allan Apsley Knight Roger L/Strange Edmond D’Grey Peter Glean Esquires John Anquish Thomas Bozonn William Bladwel Robert London Gen? Thomas Le Crosse Le Estrange Calthrope Esquires Sir Philip Woodhouse Baronet John Cooke Esquire.

Northumberland.

For the County of Northumberland and Town of Berwick upon Tweed Henry Lord Viscount Mansfeild eldest Sonne of William Lord Marquesse of Newcastle Colonel Edward Grey Sir Francis Liddell Sir Henry Widdrington Colonel Thomas Fo[r4]ster Colonel Ralph Hebburn Colonel James Ogle Leiv*. Colonel John Rodham Leiu* Colonel John Salkeild Daniel Collingwood.

Oxon.

For the County and City of Oxon The Lord Falkland in the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Henry Lea Sir Anthony Cope Sir William Morton Sir Edmond Bray Colonel Sandys David Walter Esq^ Major Healing Sir Thomas Penyston William Knowles Esquire Sir John Clark Broom Whorwood Esquire Mr. Leonard Bowman now Maior of Oxford Colonel Philip Wenman Sir Thomas Tipping George Chamberlain George Berrie of Culham Esquires Sir Timothy Tirrel Roger Gregory Esquire Thomas Earl of Down in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir William Walter Sir William Fleetwood Rowland Lacy Esq> William Shepard Captain Peter Langston Doctor Birkenhead John Wickham Gen? James Herbert Esquire and the Vice Chancelor of the University of Oxford for the time being John Stone Doctor Dalben Doctor Mewes Doctor Samuel Jackeson.

384

14° Cab. II. c» 8.

A.D. 1662.

Rutland.

For the County of Rutland Philip Sherrard Sir Edward Heath Sir Richard Winckfeild Sir Edward Maria Winckfiald Aelex Noel Esquire Abel Barker Esquire.

Salop

For the County of Salop Sir Francis Lawley Baronet Sir Thomas Woolrich Sir Walter Acton Sir John Weld Sir Richard Otley Andrew Newport Francis Thornes James Lacon Robert Sandford John Walcott Vincent Edwards Richard Fowler Francis Walker Thomas Crumpe William Oakeley Esquire Edward Lloyd of Llanbardo.

Stafford.

For the County of Stafford and City and County of Litchfeild Walter Lord Aston in the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Brian Broughton Knight and Baronet Randolph Egerton John Skrymsher the younger Esquire John Lane Edward Vernon Anthony Dyott John Peirsehouse George Parker William Orme Esquires William Chetwynd Esqs Henry Gray Esq* Sir Edward Bagott Baronett Robert Milward Esq* Sir Walter Wriothesly Baronet Colonel Harvey Bagott Richard Snead Esquire.

Somereett

For the County of Somersett Francis Lord Hawley of Duncannon in the Kingdome of Ireland Amyas Pawlett John Pawlett Esquires Sir Henry Berkley Sir Francis Dodington Sir Thomas Bridges Sir Hugh Windham Colonel Edmond Windham Colonel Francis Windham Colonel George Stawell Colonel Robert Phillips Colonel Pigot Colonel John Tint Colonel Helyer Edward Phillips Peregrine Palmer George Sydenham Robert Hawley Esquires John Mallett Esq*.

Bristol

For the City and County of the City of Bristol Francis Lord Hawley of Duncannon in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Humphry Hooke Knight Nathaniel Cale Esq* William Colston Richard Gregson John Thrustone William Cole John Knight the elder Henry Creswick John Lock Thomas Chester Sir Maurice Berkley John Knight the younger Sir Robert Pointz Knight of the Bath.

Southampton.

For the County of Southampton and Towne and County of the same Charles Lord S*. John of Basing eldest Sonne of John Lord Marquesse of Winchester Sir John Mills Sir John Norton Baronets Sir Humphrey Bennett Knight Sir William Courtney Knight and Baronett Richard Goddard Esquire Sir William Meux Colonel Walter Slingsby Edward Worsley Esquire Leiv*. Colonel Turney William Lisle [Esq*1] Sir Richard Ford Knight Laurence Hide Esquire.

Suffolke.

For the County of Suffolke Sir Henry Felton Sir Henry North Baronets Sir Edmond Pooley Sir George Reeve Knights John Hervey Esquire Benjamin Cutler Fitz Nun Lambe Esquires Francis Cheney Gen? Henry Jermin Esquire Colonel Farr Deputy Governour of Languedforth Sir John Hanmer Sir Robert Brooke Baronet Sir John

Rouce Baronett Sir Robert Brooke Knight Sir Henry Crofts Christopher Milton Esquire Sir John Walkner.

Surrey*

For the County of Surrey Sir Adam Brown Sir Francis Vincent Baronets Sir Edmond Boyer Sir William Hayward Knights Sir Charles Howard Charles Earle of Ancrame in the Kingdome of Scotland Edward Evelyn George Chute Esquires Sir Ralph Freeman junior Knight Sir Henry Capell, Leivtennant Colonel Gardner George Moore Esquire John Weston Esquire George Duke Esquire.

Sussex.

For the County of Sussex Sir John Covert Sir John Lewkner Sir Edward Ford Sir Thomas Woodcock Colonel Bishop Colonel Sack vile Percy Goring William Garaway Ferdinando Marsham Esquires John Ashbumham Henry Goring Esquires Sir Geoige Courthop Sir John Pelham Baronet.

Worcester

For the County of Worcester and City of Worcester Sir Henry Littleton Sir John Packington Sir William Russell Baronets Thomas Savage of Clinby1 ] Castle William Sandys Esquires Sir Rowland Berkley Sir John Winford Knights Sherrington Talbott Philip Brace Thomas Wild Edmond Carew William Sheldon of Broadway Bridges Nasau Thomas Street Esquires Captaine William Sheldon of Finstoll Edward Barret Gen? Sir John Talbot Colonel Samuel Sandys Captaine Thomas Wilde Henry Bromley Esq* Sir Henry Herbert Sir Ralph Clare Francis Finch Esquire.

1 interlined on the Roll.

4 Elmby 0.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 8.

385

B*

Warwick

For the County of Warwick and City and County of Coventry Sir Robert Holt Sir Henry Puckering ala Newton Sir Clement Fisher Sir Herbert Prise Baronets Sir William Bromley Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Adderley Sir John Repington Sir Charles Lee Sir Clement Throckmorton Sir Arthur Caley Knights Hervey Baggot Frauds Fisher Giles Palmer Thomas Corbin William Somerfeild Esquires Sir Edward Boughton Sir John Knightly Baronet John Bridgman Esquire Sir Thomas North Sir Richard Hopkins.

Wilts.

For the County of Wilts and City of New Sarum and Close of the same Henry Lord Viscount Combury eldest Son to Edward Earl of Clarendon Lord Chancellor of England Edward Howard Esquire Sir James Thynn Sir John Hall Sir Henry Coker Sir Thomas Mompesson Knights Thomas Wancklyn Henry Clerke Henry Baynton Richard Bowie William Kent Richard Davy Walter Bokeland Gilbert Rawleigh Edward Nott Robert Chaloner Thomas Hunt John Dean John Yerbury William Duckett Edward Penruddock Esquires Edward Hide of Hatch Walter Sharpe Esquires John Eamley Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Anthony Hungerford Esq,.

Westmerland

For the County of Westmerland Sir Philip Musgrave Sir John Lowther of Lowther Baronets Sir Thomas Strickland Knight John Lowther John Dalston James Ducket Walter Strickland Richard Braithwait of Burnside Esquires Robert Hilton Thomas Sandford Esquire John Lowther Esquire.

York

For the County of Yorke and City of Yorke Robert Lord Bruce eldest Son of Thomas Lord Bruce of Wharleton in the Kingdome of England and Earl of Elgin in the Kingdom of Scotland Colonel Conyers Darcy Sir Thomas Gowre Sir Thomas Osborne Sir John Goodrick Sir Thomas Strickland Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir Mathew Appleyard Sir Solomon Swale Sir Jordan Crosland Sir Richard Mauleverer Sir Thomas Ingram Sir William Lowther Richard Hutton Esquire Colonel Gilby Colonel Warton Colonel Pudsey Colonel Scot Leiu1 Colonel Strickland Major Talbot John Wandesford Sir Robert Strickland Sir Robert Hillyard Sir Philip Monckton Sir Francis Cobb Sir Richard Tankard Sir Thomas Wentworth Sir James Penyman Colonel Jenkin Colonel Daniel Colonel Atkins Leiv1 Colonel Wickham Sir John Key Sir Godfrey Copley Sir Francis Fane Colonel Henry Cheator George Mountague Esquire The Lord Erwyn in the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Christopher Wyval James Darcy Esquire Sir Joseph Craddock Christopher Wandesford Esquire Major Norton Esq Major Thomas Norton.

Anglesey.

For the Isle of Anglesey Colonel John Bodvel Colonel John Robinson William Bold John Wyn Esquires Major David Lloyd Captaine Henry Jones Captaine John Owens of Lanvaithley Nicholas Bagnold Esquire.

Brecon.

For the County of Brecon Sir Herbert Price Baronet Sir John Herbert Knight now Sheriffe Edward Progers Esquire John Jeffreys Milbom Williams John Stedman Esquires Thomas Roberts Alderman Daniel Winter Gen?.

Cardigan.

For the County of Cardigan Sir Richard Price Baronet Sir Francis Lloyd Knight James Lewes Esquire Henry Vaughan Jonathan Lloyd Morgan Herbert Esquires.

Carmarthen

For the County of Carmarthen Sir Francis Lloyd Sir Henry Vaughan Knight William Gwinne of Talliaris John Vaughan of Court Dertlis Walter Vaughan of Derwith Captaine Anthony Rise Walter Mansell Thomas Lloyd of Danyraht Thomas Williams of Tally John Vaughan of Trescot Esq.

Camarvan.

For the County of Carnarvan Sir Richard Wynne Sir Griffith Williams Baronets Sir John Owen Sir Richard Lloyd Knights John Bodvel William Griffith of Kynn Hugh Wynne Esquires Str. Hugh Bodurda.

Denbigh.

For the County of lX^nbigh Sir Evan Lloyd Baronet Sir Richard Lloyd Sir Robert Townsend Knights Sir Edward Broughton William Owen of Glanden Esquire Colonel Hugh Wynne Colonel John Robinson Colonel Robert Broughton Bevis Lloyd Charles Salisbury Esquire John Lloyd of L’anvuis Esquire.

Flint

For the County of Flint Sir Thomas Hanmer Sir Henry Conway Sir Roger Mostyn Baronets Robert Davyes John Mostyn Roger Whitley Esquires William Hanmer.

S F

14° Cab. II. c.8.

A.D. 1662.

B

X

Glamorgan.

For the County of Glamorgan Sir Edward Thomas Baronet Sir John Awbrey Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Basset Knight Robert Thomas David Mathewes David Jenkins William Thomas Sir Edward Mansell Baronet Miles Mathewes Esquires.

Merioneth.

For the County of Merioneth Sir Richard Wyn Sir Thomas Midleton Baronets Sir John Owen Sir Richard Lloyd Knights William Price Lewis Lloyd Rowland Vaughan Esquires Richard Jones Gen? William Vaughan William Salisbury Howel Vaughan John Lloyd Roger Mostyn Esquires.

Montgomery.

For the County of Montgomery Sir Edward Lloyd Andrew Newport Esquire Richard Owen John Price John Blarney Esquires Richard Herbert Esquire Charles Salisbury Esquire John Purcell Esquire.

Pembroke.

For the County of Pembroke and Town and County of Haverford West Sir John Stepne Baronet John Barloe Rowland Langham Esquires Colonel Miles Button Leiv* Colonel George Owen Captain William Williams Arthur Owen Esquire Geo. Barloe Esqv

IV.

Commissioners authorized to apportion the Monies raised under this Act in the manner herein mentioned.

Commissioners to nominate Treasurer, &c. taking Security $ and to allow Salaries, &c.

Commissioners in the Counties to send Certificates concerning Officers to Commissioners at Westminster.

Breriates of such Certificates to be entered.

V.

No Certificate after Sept. 29, 1662.

VI. What such Certificates to contain;

Radnor.

For the County of Radnor Sir Richard Lloyd Knight John Walcote Esquire High Sheriffe of the County of Radnor John Vaughan Esquire Richard Fowler of Abby Comhir James Price of Pillith Samuel Powell of Stanedge Marmaduke Lloyd Griffith Jones of Trewem Evan Davies Andrew Phillips Esquires.

And be it further enacted That all the persons above named or any Nine or more of them shall be Commissioners hereby authorized to apportion the moneys which shall be received or raised by vertue of this Act and for executing all the Powers and Clauses of this Act in manner following that is to say They or any Nine or more of them are hereby directed and appointed to meet First in the Star-Chamber near Westminster Hall on the first day of June One thousand six hundred sixty and two in the Afternoon and from and after that time they are to meet in the said place every Tuesday only in the Afternoon until the powers and duties directed in this Act be fully executed and finished And at their [said1] first meeting they or the major part of them shall nominate a Treasurer a Register and one or more Collector or Collectors taking good and sufficient Security severally of them for discharge of their several Trusts to whom the said Commissioners may make such allowance upon the clearing theire Accompts for necessary Expences and Salaries as they shall judge reasonable so as such Allowance and Salaries togeather with all contingent expences whatsoever shall not exceed three pence in the pound out of what shall be assessed and received by any person or persons by vertue of this Act And to the end that the Commissioners sitting att Westminster may knowe to whom and in what proportions the moneys to bee received and levied by vertue of this Act shall be apportioned and distributed the respective Commissioners in the severall Counties are hereby directed and appointed to send Certificates as is hereafter declared unto the Commissioners sitting att Westminster concerning all such Officers as aforesaid in each respective County sometime before the Nine and twentieth day of September One thousand six hundred sixty and two which said Certificates shall be signed and sealed by the major part of the Commissioners which shall be present at such publique meetings and all such Certificates shall be safely kept by the said Register and Breviates of every such Certificate shall be fairely entred by him into a Booke in such method as the Commissioners shall direct and the said Register shall also from out of the Joumall of the Commissioners Orders and Proceedings transmit and enter against the Breviate of each Officers Certificate the Sum of Money ordered to him by the Commissioners for his proportion according to the distribution by vertue of this Act

And it is hereby declared That after the said nine and twentieth of September One thousand six hundred sixty & two no Certificate shall be admitted nor any distribution thereupon made

And to avoid mistakes it is further enacted That every Certificate shall particularly describe the degree and quality of the Officer therein certified and shall recite the qualifications according to this Act of such as ought to receive distribution in manner following To the Honourable the Commissioners for distributing the monies given by Act. of Parliam1. amongst the truly loyal and indigent Officers These are to certifie That it doth appeare unto us that A. B. of C was a Captaine &c (Et sic mutatis mutandis) and that he is truly loyal and indigent and hath had a real command of Souldiers according to his Comission and hath never to the best of our knowledge or information deserted His Maries or his blessed Fathers service during the late times of Rebellion and Usurpation and that he hath not a sufficient livelihood of his owne nor hath since His Majesties retume obtained any Reward Office or imployment sufficient for a livelihood Wherefore wee do hereby recommend him as a person fit to receive a pporcon of all such monies as are to be by you distributed according to Act of Parliament And every

A.D. 16G2.

14° Car. II. c. 8.

387

such Certificate shall be signed and sealed by the major part or any five of the respective Commisaoners of any

County Cities or Places respectively where the Officer so certified doth at present reside otherwise the Certificate thr CmumiMionm shall be invalid and not to be allowed by the Commissioners sitting att Westminster as aforesaid

And be it further enacted That the said Commissioners or any Nine or more [of1] them meeting att Westminster in manner as is before declared shall and may according to theire best discretions after the First Day of November One thousand six hundred sixty and two proportion the monies to be received or levied by vertue of this Act amongst such Officers as aforesaid according to the number of such true Certificates then sent in and that they afterwards proceed to vote and order payments to be made to every of such Officers or theire Assigns or to such Person whom such Officers or any of them shall under Hand & Seal before twoe sufficient witnesses depute to receive the same respectively And after such Vote and Order thereupon the said Comissioners or any Seaven of them present at the making such respective Order or Orders are hereby directed to issue forth severall Warrants according to the several Orders for payment of the several proportions or distributions of the said moneyes to such Officer or Officers as aforesaid or to his or theire Deputy or Assignee as aforesaid but the said Chmissioners shall issue forth no Warrants for payment of any moneys uni esse such monies be first ordered to be accordingly paid by the major part of the Commissioners mett according to the directions of this Act And that the said Treasurer shall issue no monies paid to him by vertue of this Act unlesse upon receipt of Warrant under the Hands and Seales of Seven or more of the Commissioners before named which Warrant shall be a foil discharge to such Treasurer upon cleering his Accompts who is hereby made accountable to his Majesty or whom he shall depute as aboe to the Commissioners appointed by this Act or any Nine or more of them for all monies by him received by vertue of this Act

VII. Coromttnonm meeting at Wettmtntter, or a certain Number of them, to proportion Mottle* raised under that A A.

Payments ordered, and other Proceedings thereon.

Io what Case only Commissioners to issue Warrants for Payment. Treasurer not to issue monies but on receipt of Warrant from Commissiooers,

Treasurer accountable to His Majesty.

And it is hereby further enacted That the distribution of all monies [by vertue of this Act) amongst the said VIII.

Officers shall be according to the proportion of theire different pay according to his Majesties present Establishment S^ccoil^ng to amongst his Forces now in England so that a Colonel of Foot shall have soe much more then a Captaine of Foot Proportion of Pay. by how much such Colonels pay doth exceed such Captains pay and the like Rule and Proportion is to be observed and kept by die said Commissioners for and betwixt all other Officers as aforesaid whatsoever

And whereas the severall Offices within England and Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed doe yeild annually to the Officers or Owners of them great sums of money and profitt and have hitherto either not been assessed at all or but easily assessed in proportion to Lands and Rents of the same yearely value in the same places And whereas an Act is past for granting to the Kings Majesty an Assessment of Threescore and ten thousand pounds by the Moneth for eighteen Monthes commencing from the five & twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty and one To the end therefore that all yearely incomes perquisites and profits whatsoever may contribute equally towards the necessary charge of the Government of this Nation and be proportionably and impartially assessed for the said eighteen moneths commencing the five and twentieth of December One thousand six hundred* sixtie and one Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Commissioners before named or any Nine or more of them being mett att any time as aforesaid or the major part of them so mett are hereby appointed and authorized to rate and assesse all and every Officer or Officers that bolds any Place or Office within this Realme or Town of Berwick upon Tweed of the yearely value of five pounds or more and they are hereby impowred and directed by Oath other then of the Officer himselfe if they find cause and by all other lawfull wayes to find out with convenient speed the full value of all Offices as aforesaid to the intent that all die Offices and Officers may be assessed before the First of August One thousand six hundred sixty and two whereof Duplicates are to be kept and all the moneys soe severally assessed are to be levied and paid to the said Treasurer before the First of November One thousand six hundred sixty and two And the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and directed to rate or assesse every Officer (the pquisites and profits of whose Office shall be by them adjudged to be clearely worth One hundred pounds per Annu) to pay for all the said eighteen moneths the full sume of twelve pounds and so propor&nably for any Office or Place of a greater or lesser value so as such Office be not under the value of five [pounds*] per Annu And the said Register is hereby to enter all Rates or Assessments so made by the said Commissioners into a Booke and to deliver Duplicates of them signed by the said Register unto the said Collector or Collectors and they or any of them according to such Duplicates are hereby impowred to demand and leavy respectively the several sumes of money therein contained

IX.

Recital that Offices have not been melted.

Recital of 13C. ILst.2. c. 3.

Commissioners, or certain Number of them, authorized to assess Offices before 1st August 166a.

Duplicates to be kept, and Monies paid to Treasurer before 1st Nor. 1662.

Rates of Assessment on Office of 46*100 per Annum, and of greater or less Value.

And be it enacted That if any such Officer shall not pay his Tax or Proportion so rated or assessed sometime

within twenty dayes next after notice left thereof in writing signed by the said Register at his Office or att the usual withm 20 Days * place of his abode and after demand thereof made at such place by some Collector that then it shall and may be * Notice i lawfull for such Collector or Collectors to distrain upon any [of1] the goods and chattels of such Officer and the same to sell and to restore the Overplus deducting his own reasonable Charges in taking the distresse

Dutrat.

And be it further enacted That the Collectors herein appointed for the better levying & receiving the several Rates XL

and Tares that are or shall be imposed according to this Act are hereby impowered to make use of all such Powers and Authorities as are given to any Collector or Sub Collector by the late Act intituled (An Act for granting unto the ijCMI«. a. c. 3. Kings Majestie Twelve hundred and threescore thousand pounds to bee assessed and leavied by an Assessment of Threescore and ten thousand pounds by the moneth for eighteen monthes)

1 interlined on the Roll.

• Pound 0.

• 5 F 2

14° Car. II. c. 8.

A.D. 1662.

XII.

Such Attmmeau on Offices how to

be distributed.

XIII.

Commiisionera for Counties, &c. to certify to Commissioners at Westminster Number of Offices, &c. chargeable.

XIV. Officers rated to monthly Assessments, and assessed by 13 C. II. st. 2. c. 3.

to hare Abatement in respect of Payments under this Alt.

Certificate of former Charge.

XV.

Recital that there are many Hospitals and other Charities in London and other Places.

The aforesaid Loyal Persons and their Widows, &c to be admitted thereto inprefereoce on Vacancy

so as such Persons be qualified for the same.

Proriao for the Kindred of Founders of such Hospitals, flee.

XVI. Commissioners not entitled to the aforesaid Monies.

XVII. Officers who are Members of the House of Peers to be assessed by Lord Chancellor, &c. The Number of such Commissionera. Commission to be issued before June 24, 1662.

XVIII.

How for this Act not to be drawn into Precedent.

And be it enacted That all the moneys so to be raised out of Offices or Officers shall be alsoe distributed by the said Commissioners unto such truly loyal and indigent Officers as are before declared in such sort and by such wayes and meanes as the said Threescore thousand pounds is before directed by this Act to be distributed

And be it further enacted That the Commissioners for the several Counties Cities or Places or any three or more of them do with convenient speed certifie under theire hands unto the Comissioners sitting att Wesminster the full number of all the Offices and Officers in each respective County that are chargeable by this Act as also theire opinions of the yearely value of such Offices whereupon or upon other reasonable ground the Commissioners sitting att Westminster as aforesaid may proceed to rate and assesse every or any such Officer and direct the levying of the Assessment so set in forme aforesaid.

And to the intent that no Officer shall pay Assessments for the proffits of his Office above the rate of Eight pounds per centu for one yeare It is hereby provided and declared That every Officer whose Office hath usually beene rated in the monethly Assessments and whose Office is assessed by vertue of the said Act intituled An Act for granting unto the Kings Majesty Twelve hundred and threescore thousand pounds to be assessed and levied by an Assessment of Threescore and ten thousand pounds by the moneth for eighteen monethsj shall for what he is really charged with for and in respect of his Office only by vertue of the said [last1] recited Act be abated and discharged out of such Tax as hee shall be assessed to pay by vertue of this present Act so as he deliver a Certificate of such former charge signed by some Commissioner and Collector of such place respectively unto the Collector hereby appointed to receive his Tax charged by vertue of this Act such Certificate not being reasonably disallowed by the said Commissioners herein appointed and he paying as aforesaid the residue of Tax due from him by vertue of this present Act

And whereas there are in and about the Cities of London and Westminster and in several other Cities Burroughs Towns Corporate and other Parishes and Places in this Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales many Hospitals and other Houses and Places of receipt profit benefit and advantage for persons of several rankes ages and qualities respectively and some of them very indigent maimed and decayed persons as alsoe there now are or hereafter may be several stipends pensions an4 charitable gifts and bequests given and disposed to such like persons in general without any particular designation and appointment by pious and worthy Benefactors Be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid That att all time and times hereafter and upon all occasions where any vacant place or places shall happen to be in such Hospitals or other Houses or Places aforesaid or where such stipends pensions or other charitable bequests shall be given and disposed of as aforesaid all Masters Fellowes Guardians and Governours of such Hospitals and Places aforesaid and all persons whatsoever who have the power and authority of admitting and receiving into the said Hospitals and Places aforesaid or have or shall have in their hands the power and disposition of any such stipends pensions gifts or other bequests as aforesaid shall by this present Act be bound & obliged and are hereby required and appointed in the first place to admitt and receive into such Hospitals and Houses and Places aforesaid & to p>ferr before all others in such admissions all and every such Loyall person or persons desiring the same as have served the late King and his present Majesty in theire Wars and have not any way deserted theire loyalde and duty and being conformable to the Doctrine and Discipline of the Church of England so as such Person be duly qualified to hold such place and to such Persons in the first place and before all others to give bestow and dispose of the said Stipends Pensions and other Charitable gifts and bequests aforesaid And [that1] the Widowes and Children of such Loyal Persons aforesaid be likewise preferred before all others except the Founders Kindred where the Original Constitutions of the said Hospitals and places do necessarily require in the Admission into giving and disposing of all such vacant places in Hospitals and other Houses aforesaid and in receiving of the Pensions Stipends Benefits Gifts and Bequests aforementioned according to theire Conditions and Capacities

Provided alwaies That nothing in this Act shall extend to impower any Person or Persons to order distribute or pay any of the aforesaid moneys unto any Person named a Commissioner in this Act

Provided alwaies That all Officers whoe are Members of the House of Peers shall be assessed for theire respective Offices by the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England The Lord High Treasurer of England The Lord President of the Council The Lord Privy Seale for the time being or one of them and such other Persons as shall be appointed by His Majesty under the Great Seale of England or any five of them Which C5missioners are not to be fewer than twelve And that the said Comission shall be issued before the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred sixty and two and that the said Comissioners or any five or more of them shall put in execution all the powers of this Act as to assessing ot Peers for theire Offices

Provided alsoe That nothing in this Act contained shall be drawn into President as to the disposing of Moneys formerly granted to the Bang or the taxing [of1] any particular sort of men disdnft from the body of the People.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 9.

389

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for the releife of poore and maimed Officers and Souldiers who have faithfully served His Majesty and Roi.P1rl.14C.il.

His Royal Father in the late Wars. p.t.nu.t.

PORASMUCH as divers of His Majesties Loyal and Faithfoll Subjects who out of the sense of theire Duty and Allegiance to His Majesties Royal Father of ever blessed and glorious Memory and to His Majesty that now is have during the late Wars wherein they have been imployed both by Sea and Land as Officers Souldiers and Mariners in the said Service exposed themselves to the utmost hazard of their Lives losse of theire Limbs and utter mine of theire Fortunes and for whose Subsistence and Releife there is not yet any competent Provision made nor for the releife of the Widowes [ or' ] Orphans of such as have died or been slaine in the said Service And to the end that such as have beene eminent for theire Loyalty and Sufferings in so good and just a cause as the defence of His Majesties Royal Person and Government may not passe without some mark of Favour or Reward to be sett upon them And that others may thereby receive all due encouragement for the time to come to continue Loyal and Faithfoll to His Majesties Service according to theire bounden duty Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by [the*] Authority of the same That from the first day of this present Parliament every Parish within this Realm of England and Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed shall be charged weekely to the payment of such sum of money as formerly they have been rated by vertue of a Statute made in the forty third Yeare of Queen Elizabeth Chapter the third concerning the Releife of Mariners and Souldiers for and to such end and purpose And likewise such further sum of money (over and besides the same) as by His Majesties Justices of the Peace in theire next Quarter Sessions to be held after the Feast of Easter next ensuring or the major part of them or att any other Quarter Sessions to be hereafter by them held shall be adjudged meet to be assessed upon every Parish or Chapelry that hath distin& Parochial Officers so as the said additional sum exceed not the sum of two shillings and six pence nor be under the sum of three pence each weeke for each such Parish or Chapelry the same to be levied in manner and form by such Persons and under such Penalties as by the said Statute of Queen Elizabeth is enacted and declared And to be paid to the Treasurers for the maimed Souldiers appointed by the Justices of the County or Liberty by vertue of this Act and the Statute of Queen Elizabeth aforesaid Which said Treasurers shall be ordered to issue out and account for the same in such manner and under such Penalties as by the said Statute is further enacted and declared

Recital that many in the late Wan had expoxed themselves to great Loss of their Eatatet and Hazard of their Lives, and for whom no Provision is made.

Reasons for passing this Alt.

Parishes to be charged weekly, as by 43 Eli*, c.j. and also such further Sum as Quarter Sessions snail judge meet)

so as such additional Sum do not exceed as. 6d. nor be under 3d. each Week; and paid to Treasurers for maimed Soldiers, who are to issue out and account for the same, under Penalties.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Officer Souldier or Mariner maimed indigent (J) II.

aged or disabled in body for worke in the Service of his said late Majesty or his Majesty that now is during under the late Warrs or which are so impoverished by theire sufferings under any of the late usurped Powers entitled to the as that they are destitute of any competent Subsistence or Livelihood and have continued faithful to his Trust Benefit o{ 11111 Aa< and not deserted the same by taking up Armes against his said late Majesty or his Majesty that now is or otherwise shall forthwith repair to [the4] place where he was last setled before hee tooke up Armes with a Certificate of his Certificate of such Service and hurts received under the hand of his Captaine or other commissionated Officer And shall alsoe repaire Dc*cnPtion-unto the two next Justices of the Peace in the County where such his setting was And the said two Justices Two Justice* of upon the examination of the truth of such Certificate (which the said twoe Justices are hereby impowered to take £cace». °" ^ f upon Oath of the party and of such Witnesses as he shall produce) shall by warrant unto the Treasurer assign Certificate, may him releife untill the next Quarter Sessions to bee holden for that County or Liberty at which time a yearely aM,gn Relief. Pension shall be by the said Justices or the major part of them granted in Manner and Forme and with Power of Revocation or Alteration as by the said Statute is further declared and directed And in case that the Captaine Provj*, w\im or Officer appointed to make such Certificate be dead the said two Justices shall have power upon request to them Officer who if to made in behalfe of the Party maimed or aged indigent or disabled as aforesaid by persons of credit to give such Certificate is dead, releife as in case of examination aforesaid

And as touching the Widowes and Orphans of such as have died or suffered death in the said Service it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That (over and besides such releife as they shall [ 5] by theire

Worke and Labour and shall be allowed by the Charity and Benevolence of the Parish Towne or Hamlett where they are setled who are hereby required to have them in special regard) the Treasurers for the maimed Souldiers for such County shall allow such further releife from time to time as shall be [adjudged6] meet by the twoe next Justices of the Peace of such County And the said releife shall be paid out of the Surplusage of such Stock of Maintenance as shall remaine in the hands of the said Treasurers after such Pensions and payment of them made and of which Surplusage and Allowance made unto such Widowes and Orphans the said Treasurers shall give account from time to time and the same distribute in such manner as by the Justices shall be directed and according to the Statute aforesaid

III.

Widows and Orphans of such as nave died in the Service.

Two Justices of Peace may allow them Relief over and above Parish Relief.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Justices of Peace in every County or Liberty IV.

or any two of them shall forth with call all such Treasurers High Constables Petty Constables or other Persons tocaUTreasurm, which have formerly beene intrusted with the receipt collecting or disposing of any such sum of money charged High Constables, upon any Parish by vertue of the Statute aforesaid and whereof no account hath beene given and likewise the Executors and Administrators of such Person and Persons unto a stri& Account concerning such Leavies and

390

14° Car. II. c. 9,10.

A.D. 1662.

and order money remaining in hand to be forthwith paid to the Treasurer.

Collections made And such money as they shall find remaining in the Custody of such Persons to order forth with to bee paid for the intents and purposes aforesaid and no other to the Treasurer appointed by vertue of the said Statute or to be appointed by vertue of this present Act att the next Quarter Sessions to be holden for such County or Liberty under such Penalty as by the said Statute is sett forth which said Treasurer to bee appointed by this Act shall continue by vertue hereof untill (*) Easter Sessions following

Amount of Pennon. Provided that no Pension to be given or assigned by Authority hereof shall exceed to any one Person the Cootmuanceof Ad. *um of twenty pounds by the yeare This A & to continue to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament

CHAPTER I.

Roi. Pari. 14 C. //. A *• »"-3-

An Act for establishing an additional Revenue upon His Majestie His Heires & Successors for the better support

of His and theire Crown and Dignity.

The public Revenue ought to be in some measure proportioned to‘the public Expenses.

Duties granted

On Fire Hearths and Stoves in Dwelling Houses, Lodging*, Chambers in Inns of Court, Colleges, &c.

II.

Owners or Occupiers on notice within Six days to deliver to Constables, &c. a true account of Fire Hearths and Stoves.

III.

Constables, &c. io require of Occupiers to

iliver such ccounts in Writing under their Hands.

On Default, or if no Occupiers, then, on Notice to be fixed on the Door, Constable, fee. may enter and view. Constable, 8rc. neglecting

Penalty,

Making false Return;

Penalty. 40s.

IV.

Constables, &c. to deliver such Accounts to Quarter Sessions;

FORASMUCH as nothing conduceth more to the Peace and Prosperity of a Nation and the Protection of every single person therein then that the publique Revenue thereof may be in some measure proportioned to the publique Charges and Expences Wee therefore Your Majesties most loyal and obedient Subjects the Commons assembled in Parliament haveing duely considered the Premisses doe give and graunt unto Your most Excellent Majestie Your Heires and Successors the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That from and after the five and twentieth day of March in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty and two every dwelling and other House and Edifice and all Lodgings and Chambers in the Inns of Court Innes of Chancery Colledges and other Societies that are or hereafter shall be erected within the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed (other then such as in this Act are hereafter excepted and declared) shall be chargeable and by this present A & be and are charged with the annual payment to the Kings Majesty His Heires and Successors for every Fire hearth and Stove within every such House Edifice Chambers and Lodgings as aforesaid the sum of Twoe shillings by the yeare to bee paid yearely and every yeare at the Feast of S*. Michael the Archangell and the Feast of the Annunciacftn of the blessed Virgin S‘. Mary by even and equal porCCns the first payment thereof to be paid upon the Feast day of S*. Michael the Archangell which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two

And to the intent that a just account may be had and taken of all the said Hearths and Stoves by this Act intended to be charged Be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid That every Owner or Occupier of every such House Edifice Lodgings and Chambers shall respectively within six dayes after notice given unto him or them by the respective Constables Headboroughs Tithingmen or other such Officers within whose PrednS the said House Edifice Chambers or Lodgings shall bee or by the respective Treasurers or Officers of (*) Innes of Court Inns of Chancery or other Officers of the respective Colledges and other Societies aforesaid wherein any such Lodgings and Chambers shall bee, deliver unto the said Constables Headboroughs Tithingmen or other such Officers as aforesaid respectively a true and just account in writing under the hands of such Owners or Occupiers as

aforesaid of all the said Hearths and Stoves which are within their several and respective Houses Lodgings and

Chambers aforesaid

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the respective Constables Headboroughs lithingmen or other such Officers within whose limitts any such House or Edifice charged by this Act as aforesaid are and the respective Treasurers and other Officers of the respective Inns of Court Inns of Chancery Colledges and other Societies aforesaid shall by the last day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and twoe require the several Occupiers of every such House Edifice Lodging and Chamber aforesaid to deliver in to them respectively Accounts in writing as aforesaid under theire several and respective hands of all such Hearths and Stoves as aforesaid as shall be within theire respective Houses Edifices Lodgings and Chambers and upon receipt of the same or upon default of such Account in writing or in case there be no occupiers then within six dayes after notice in writing fixt to the doore requiring such Account to bee made the said Constables or other Officers respectively as aforesaid shall enter into the said respective Houses in the day time and compare such Accounts and see whether

the same be truly made or not And if no such Account be delivered then shall take information by theire own

view of the number of such Hearths and Stoves upon pain that every Constable Treasurer and other Officer aforesaid who shall neglect to doe the same shall forfeit for every weeke hee or they shall soe neglect the sum of five pounds and for every false retume wilfully made contrary to this Act he or they shall forfeit and lose for every Hearth or Stove so falsely returned or omitted the sum of forty shillings.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the several Constables and other Officers who are hereby authorized to take the account of the aforesaid Hearths and Stoves within theire particular Limits as aforesaid shall at the next Quarter Sessions after the [said1] last day of May to bee holden for theire respective Counties

‘ the 0.

9 the 0.

3 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 10.

391

ddrrer ill such Accounts in writing as they shall receive reforme or take by theire own view unto the Justices of • Not* of Pttce in theire respective Quarter Sessions of the said Counties togeather with a true Note of the names of all rrfuSgf such persons whoe shall refuse or neglect to give unto them an account under theire hands of such Hearthes and FTe Account. Stoves within theire respective Houses Edifices Chambers and Lodgings as aforesaid

And be it further grafted That the said Justices of Peace shall cause all the said Accounts of the severall Hearthes and Stoves within the respective Counties to bee in rolled by the Clerke of the Peace of the said respective Counties Ridings in Yorkshire and Divisions in Lincolnshire and alsoe a Duplicate thereof in Parchment under the Hands and Seales of three or more of the Justices of Peace of the respective Counties and Places aforesaid who are hereby required to sign the same to bee returned into His Majesties Court of Exchequer within one moneth next after such account delivered unto them att theire respective Quarter Sessions aforesaid upon pain that the Clerke of the Peace of every such County Riding or Division respectively offending therein shall forfeit to His Majesty His Heires and Successors the sum of Two hundred pounds for the first moneth and for the second moneth he shall so neglect every such Clerke of the Peace shall forfeit and lose his or theire place & office and the same shall become void accordingly which forfeiture and penalty shall be recovered and levied as this Act directs

And to the intent that the Revenue hereby arising to His Ma:lie may from time to time be paid into His Exchequer with as little charge as may be Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the respective Treasurers and other Officers of the Inns of Court Inns of Chancery Colledges and other Societies aforesaid within theire respective Jurisdictions and the several Petty Constables Tithing men Headboroughs and such other Officers within the respective Limits Liberties & Jurisdictions shall every halfe yea re within six dayes after the said duty shall growe due as aforesaid collect gather and receive the same from the several Occupiers of the said Hearths Sc Stoves and upon payment thereof shall give several Acquittances (without taking any thing for such Acquittances) unto the several persons who shall pay the same And that such Acquittances shall be a full and perfect discharge to every such person whoe shall pay the same against His Majesty His Heires & Successors so that no person who shall have such Acquittance shall be molested sued or vexed or put to any charge in His Majesties Court of Exchequer or else where.

Justices of Peace to cause Account* of Hearths and Stoves to be enrolled bjr Clerk of the Peace, and Duplicates signed, to be returned into the Exchequer within One Month

Penalty.

VL

Treasurers, fcc. of Inos of Court, Colleges, &c. to receive Assessment and give Acquittances,

without Fee. Acquittances to be

i\cqti a full

Discharge.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case any person who is hereby charged or VII.

intended to be charged to pay any sum or sums of money as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay the same Teglttftin^S^ that then every person or persons whoe is hereby authorized to collect the same shall and may levy the same by toP*7* distresse and sale of the goods of the person and persons soe refusing or neglecting rendring unto the said person Distress, and persons the overplus of such money as shall remaine in theire hands by the said sale after the said duty and necessary charges of levying the same is discharged as aforesaid

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the aforesaid Constables Treasurers and other Officers whoe are hereby authorized to collect the aforesaid duties shall within Twenty dayes next after the aforesaid times at which the said duties shall be due to his Ma."* as aforesaid pay unto the High Constables of the several hundreds and respective limits all such money as they shall receive for the aforesaid duties receiving an Acquittance without paying any thing for the same and deduding Two pence in the pound for their pains in collecting the same And shall alsoe then in writing under his hand deliver unto the said High Constable the Names of the persons of whom they receive the same and alsoe the Names of such persons who ought to have paid the respective duties yearely charged upon them and have not paid the same where no distresse can be had

VIII. Constables, Sec. to pay to High Constables the monies collected; deducing id. in the Pound and to deliver Names of Persons paying and not paying.

And be it further enacted that the High Constables of the several hundreds and respective limits shall within Ten dayes next after theire several receipts from the said Constables Headboroughs Tythingmen and other Officers pay unto the High Sheriffes of every County all such money as they shall so receive deduding a penny in the pound for theire paines and shall alsoe then deliver or cause to be delivered unto the said High Sheriffs the several returns which they received from the Constables and other Officers aforesaid

IX.

High Constables to pay to Sheriffs, deducing id. in the Pound; and to deliver Returns of Constables.

And the respective Sheriffs shall within thirty dayes after he or they shall receive the said moneys from the respective Collectors return the same togeather with the Names of such persons who are defaulters and had no distresse to be found into His Majesties Court of Exchequer deduding Foure pence out of every Twenty shillings and so after that rate whereof Three pence to be for the Sheriffes owne use as a reward of his paines in receiving and returning the same and One penny to be paid by the Sheriffe to the Clerke of the Peace for his paines to be recovered by the said [ *] of the Peace by Action of Debt.

Sheriffs to return same, with Name* of Defaulters, to Exchequer, deducting 4d. in the Pound.

Provided alwaies And bee it enacted that the High Sheriffe of London and Middlesex for the time being for

London and so much of the County of Middlesex as lies within the Bills of Mortality other then the Inns of Court Towns appointed and Chancery and the High Sheriffe of Surrey for the time being for the Borough of Southwark and all other Sheriffs of any other City or Town being a County of it selfe for such Cities and Townes respectively shall bee deliver to them and are hereby made Collectors of and for the several duties ariseing within their several and respective limits For JrowMtTaf which end and purpose and in those places only the Constables Tithingmen Headboroughs and other Officers shall Hearths and deliver unto the Sheriffes of the Cities and places aforesaid Duplicates of the same accompts of Hearths and Stoves Sto*cl’ which the said Constables Headboroughs Tithingmen and other Officers are appointed by this Act to take from time

1 the Roll is illegible here.

14° Car. II. c. 10.

A.D. 1662.

The said Sheriffs to grit Acquittances without Fees; and pay Monies received by them into the Exchequer, with Names of Defaulters ; and may dedud 4d. in the Pound. Officers of Exchequer to discharge such Persons without Fee}

and sue out Process where oo Distress.

XII.

Assessments,

(except

Allowances) to be duly paid into the Exchequer, and not charged with Pensions, &c.

Grants of such Pensions declared void, and Grantees made Accountants to the Crown.

XIII.

In Actions brought for executing Act, General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

XIV. Account of Increase or Decrease ofHearthr. and Stoves to

be taken and Duplicate sent into the Exchequer. Discharge on Decrease.

XV. Limitation of Action for Arrears.

XVI. Proviso for poor Persons exempt from the usual Taxes.

XVII. Proviso for Occupiers of Houses under 20s. per Annum, and not occupying Lands of 20s. per Annum, &c. on Certificate.

No Fee for Certificate.

XVIII. Procuring Pensions, &c. from the Crown out of this Revenue.

Penalty.

to time and to deliver to the Justices of Peace to be inrolled as aforesaid And the said Sheriffes of the Cities and places last before mentioned are hereby enabled to levy the said Duties and required to give acquittances without any Fees as folly and amply to all intents and purposes as in this Act is appointed to be done by any other Collectors And the said Sheriffes shall from time to rime within forty dayes after the said Duties shall be payable by vertue of this Act make payment of all the moneys levied into His Majesties Exchequer with a perfect List of the Names of such persons as shall make default of payment where no distresse can be found to be taken Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding And the said Sheriffes shall dedud out of their payments Foure pence in the pound whereof Three pence to be for themselves and One penny for the Clerke of the Peace to be recovered as aforesaid And that his Majesties Officers in his said Court of Exchequer shall discharge all such persons who paid theire respective Duties without taking any Fees for the same and shall alsoe issue out Processe to levy the said Duty upon such persons who shall fail in payment thereof where no distress can be found to be taken according to this Act.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Revenue and sum of money ariseing by vertue of this (*) (except what shall be allowed to the aforesaid Officers and Ministers [for collecting the same) shall be duly and constantly paid and answered into His Majesties Court of Exchequer and shall not be particularly charged or chargeable either before it be paid into the Exchequer or after with any Gift Grant or Pension whatsoever And that all and every Grants of any such Pensions and all and every clause of Non obstante therein contained shall be and is hereby declared to bee utterly void and all and every the persons to whom such Grants are passed shall bee and are hereby made Accomptants unto His Majesty His Heires and Successors and shall pay backe all sums of money received by ptence of such Grant and the Court of Exchequer shall be and is hereby enjoyned to issue out Process accordingly

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Action Bill Plaint Suit or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what hee or they shall doe in pursuance or execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued shall and may plead the generall Issue not guilty And upon Issue joyned may give this Act and the special matter in Evidence and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Non suit or suffer discontinuance or if a Verdict pass against him or if upon a Demurrer Judgement pass against him the Defendant shall recover treble Costs for which there shall bee like remedy as in any case where Costs by Law are given to the Defendants

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That where any increase or decrease of such Hearths or Stoves shall hereafter happen that an account in writing of the same shall be had and made in like manner as the same is directed to be first taken returned and inrolled by this Act and a Duplicate thereof sent into the Exchequer in such sort as is before directed And from thenceforth the Owner or Occupier of such House where such Decrease is shall be discharged proportionably without any further pleading in the Exchequer.

Provided alwaies that no person or persons shall be charged prosecuted or brought to account for the Arrerages of any Duty or Arrerages of Revenue raised by this Act unless the said Suit shall comence within twoe yeares and be brought to a Judgement within foure yeares and the Duty levied within five yeares next after the same shall growe due

Provided alwaies that no person who by reason of his poverty or the smalines of his Estate is exempted from the usual Taxes Payments and Contributions towards the Church and Poor shall be charged or chargeable with any the Duties by this Act imposed Any thing herein before to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it hereby enacted That if the Church wardens and Overseers of the Poore of the Parish togeather with the Minister of the same or any two of them (whereof the Minister to be one) shall in writing under theire hands yearely cerrifie theire beleife that the house wherein any person doth inhabit is not of greater value then twenty shillings per annu upon the full improved rent And that neither the person so inhabiting nor any other using the same Messuage hath useth or occupieth any Lands or Tenements of theire owne or others of the yearely value of Twenty shillings per annu nor hath any Lands Tenements Goods or Chattels of the value of Ten pounds in theire owne possession or in the possession of any other in trust for them That then in such case upon such Certificate made to the twoe next Justices of Peace and allowed by them (for which Certificate and allowance no Fee shall be paid) the person on whose behalfe such Certificate is made shall not be returned by the Constable or other Officer And the said house is hereby for that yeare discharged of and from all the Dudes by this Act imposed Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons bodies Politique or Corporate shall att any rime hereafter procure or accept of from the Kings Majesty His Heires or Successors any Pension Gift or Grant for yeares life or any other Estate or any sum or sums of money out of the Revenue arising by vertue of this Act that then such person or body Politique or Corporate procuring or accepting the same shall forfeite double the value of such Pension Gift or Grant The one Moyetie of which forfeiture shall be to the use of the poor of the Parish or Parishes where the said Offenders be or inhabit to be recovered by the Church wardens the other Moyety to him that will sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information

‘ Ad 0.

-4-D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 10, 11.

393

Provided that this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend to charge any Blowing house and Stampe Fuinace or On or any private Oven within any of the houses hereby charged nor any Hearth or Stove within the sdte of any Hospital or Alms house for the releife of Poore people whose Endowment and Revenue doth not exceed in true value the sQm of One hundred pounds by the yeare

Provided that the payments and duties hereby charged shall be charged only on the Occupier for the time being of such Hearth or Stove dwelling in such house whereto such Hearth or Stove shall be belonging his JExecutora or Administrators and not on the Landlord who lett or demised the same his Heires Executors or Assignee

XIX. Prorwo for Blowing Houses, Oreoa,and for Hospitals and Almshouses not of s£ioo per Year Revenue.

XX. Assessments chargeable on Occupier, and not on Landlord.

Provided alsoe that no person or persons indebted for any the Duties aforesaid shall thereby be priviledged as a Debtor or Debtors to His Majesde His Heires or Successors to sue any person or persons in the Court of Exchequer or to assign any Debt to His Majesde His Heires or Successors towards satisfaction of the same

XXI. Persona indebted in these Duties not privileged as Debtors to the Crown.

CHAPTER XL

An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in His Majesties Customer

FORASMUCH as it appeares that several unlawfoll and indirect meanes and devices are daily put in practise to export and import Goods and Merchandizes prohibited by the Lawes and Statutes of this Kingdome as alsoe to defraud the Kings most Excellent Majesde of His Dues Customes and Subsidies as well by secret and deceitfull designes as by open force and violence used against the Kings Majesties Officers imployed in the Affaires of the Customes Fos the better preventing of which Frauds and Violences in dine to come it is enacted & ordained by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority thereof That no Ship or Vessell arriving from the parts beyond the Seas shall be above three dayes coming from Gravesend to the place of her discharge (within the River of Thames) without touching or staying at any Wharfe Key or Place adjoyning to either Shoar between Gravesend and Chesters Key (unlesse apparently hindred by contrary Winds Draught of Water or other just impediment to be allowed by such person or persons as are or shall be appointed by His Majesty for managing the Customes the Collectors Inwards and other principal Officers of the Customes and then or before the Master or Purser (for that voyage) of such Ship or Vessell shall make a just and true Entry upon Oath of the Burthen Contents and Lading of every such Shipp or Vessell with the particular Marks Numbers Qualities and Contents of every Parcell of Goods therein laden to the best of his knowledge also where and in what Port shee tooke in her lading of what Countrey built how manned who was Master during the Voyage and who are owners thereof and in all Out Ports or Members to come directly up to the place of unlading as the condition of the Port requires and will admitt and making Entries as aforesaid upon the penalty of the forfeiture of One hundred pounds

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Captaine Master Purser or any other person or persons taking charge of any Ship or Vessell bound for the parts beyond the Seas or into the Kingdome of Scotland whether the same Ship or Vessel shall have Commission from or belong unto the Kings Majesde that now is His Heires or Successors or shall belong to or have Comission from any forrain Prince or State or otherwise shall take in or suffer to be taken into or laden aboard any such Ship or Vessell any English Goods Wares or Merchandize to be exported into the parts beyond the Seas or into the Kingdome of Scotland untill such Captaine Master Purser or other person as aforesaid shall have entred such Shipp or Ships in the Booke of the Commissioners Customer or Collector and Comptroller Outwards of such Port where he shall load or take in Goods togeather with the Name of such Captaine or Master the Burden of such Ship or Vessell the Number of Guns and Ammunition she carries and to what Port or Place she intends to passe or sail and before he or they shall depart with his or theire Shipp or Vessel out of such Port or Place shall bring and deliver unto the said person or persons which [are or1] shall be appointed by His Majesty for managing the Customs the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of such Port or Place a Content in Writing under his or theire Hands of the Names of every Merchant and other person or persons that shall have laden and put on board any such Ship or Vessel any such Goods or Merchandize togeather with the Marks & Numbers of such Goods and Merchandize and shall likewise publiquely in the open Custome house upon his Corporal Oath to the best of his knowledge have answered to such question or questions as shall be demanded of him by the said person or persons which are or shall be appointed by His Majestic for managing the Customes the Customer or Collector and Comptroller or theire Deputies concerning such Goods and Merchandize as shall be aboard such Ship or Vessel upon pain of Forfeiture of One hundred pounds And that no such Captain Master Purser or other person or persons taking charge of any Ship or Vessel of Warre as aforesaid wherein any Goods Wares or Merchandizes shall have beene laden or brought from the Ports beyond the Seas or out of the Realm of Scotland shall unload or put on board any Lighter Boat or Bottome or lay on land or suffer to be discharged or put into any lighter Boat or Bottom or to be laid on land out of any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid any Goods Wares or Merchandize whatsoever

Rot. Part, «+£.//. p.t. *.+>

Recital that divert Eraoda had been practised in the Cuatomt.

Time allowed for Ships to come from Gravesend to Place of Discharge.

Master to make a true Return on Oath of Burthen and Lading.

In all Out-porta to come direct to Place of unlading

II.

Ships esportmg not to take in Lading till Ship entered with Officer of the Customs.

Particulars of Entry

and before Departure to deliver a Content in Writing to Officer;

what the same is to contain

and to answer on Oath Questions by Officers touching Goods, &c. laden on board.

Penalty j£ioo. Captains, Ike. of Ships importing not to discharge, he. till they Gave declared ra Writing the Name of Merchant a.id Number and Marks of Package;.

5 H

14° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1662.

and have answered Questions touching the same on Oath.

Penalty jf loo.

Refusing to make Entries, &c. Officer mar go on board and bring away prohibited or uncustomed Goods.

III.

Officers of Customs authorized to go on board Ships Outward and Inward bound and bring away Goods, (except Jewels).

Goods to remain in Storehouse till Dudes paid, unless time allowed.

Officers may remain on board.

Master, &c. suffering Packages on board to be opened, and Goods embezzled

Penalty j£ioo.

before such Captaine Master Purser or other person taking charge of the Shipp or Merchants Goods for that Voyage as aforesaid shall have signified and declared in writing under his or theire Hands unto the person or persons which are or shall be appointed by His Majesty for managing the Customes the Customer or Collector and Comptroller Inwards of the Port where he ariveth the Names of every Merchant or Lader of any Goods or Merchandizes aboard the said Ship or Vessell togeather with the Number and Marks and the quantity and quality of every Parcel of Goods and Merchandizes to the best of his knowledge and shall have answered upon his or theire Corporal Oath to such Questions concerning (1) Goods and Merchandizes as shall be publiquely administred unto him in the open Custom house by such person or persons which are or shall bee appointed for managing the Customes Customer or Collector and Comptroller or theire Deputies and shall be lyable to all Searches and other Rules which Merchants Ships are subject unto by the usage of His Majesties Custome house (victualling Bills & entring excepted) upon pain to forfeit One hundred pounds And upon refusall to make such Entries as aforesaid as wel Outwards as Inwards the said person or persons which are or shall be appointed for managing the Customes and Officers of His Majesties Customes and theire Deputies shall and may freely enter and go on board all and every such Ship or Vessel of War and bring from thence on shoar into His Majesties Store house belonging to the Port where such Ship shall bee all Goods and Merchandizes prohibited or uncustomed which shall be found aboard any such Ship as aforesaid

And be it hereby alsoe enacted That the said person or persons which are or shall be appointed for managing

the Customes and Officers of His Majesties Customes and theire Deputies are hereby authorized and enabled to

goe and enter aboard any Ship or Vessel as wel Ships of War as Merchant Ships and from thence to bring on shoar all Goods prohibited or uncustomed except Jewels if they be Outwards bound and if they be Ships or Vessels Inwards bound from thence to bring on shoare into His Majesties Store house as aforesaid all smal Parcels of Fine Goods or other Goods which shall be found in Cabbins Chests Truncks or other small Package or in any private or secret place in or out of the Hold of the Ship or Vessell which may occasion a just suspition

that they were intended to be fraudelently conveyed away And all other sorts of Goods whatsoever for which

the Dutyes of Tonnage and Poundage were not payed or compounded for within twenty dayes after the first Entry of the Ship to be put and remaine in the Store house aforesaid until His Majesties Dudes thereupon be justly satisfied uni esse the said person or persons which are or shall be appointed by His Majesty for managing the

Customs and Officers of the Customes shall see just cause to allow a longer time and that the said person or

persons which are or shall be so appointed to manage the Customs and the Officers of the Customs and theire

Deputies may freely stay and remain aboard untill all the Goods are delivered and discharged out of the said

Ships or Vessells And if any Master Purser or Boat swain or other taking charge in any Ship or Vessel or any other person whatsoever shall suffer any Trusse Bale Pack Fardel Cask or other Package to be opened aboard the [said1] Ship or Vessel and the Goods therein to be imbezelled carried away or put into any other Form or Package after the Ship comes into the Port of her discharge in every such case the said Master Purser Boat swain or others shall forfeit the sum of One hundred pounds

IV.

If, after clearing Ship, &c. any Goods be found on board concealed, and on which Duties haze not been paid.

Penalty j£ioo.

Persons authorized by Writ of Assistance may enter Houses, &c. break open Doors, &c. and seize ; putting Seizures into His Majesty's Storehouse.

V.

Collectors, &c. of Customs to give an Account to the Collector and Surveyor in the Port of London, under 12 Car. II. c.18. of foreign-built Ships in Port, who are to transmit same to the Exchequer on or before Dec. 1662. All foreign-built Ships not bought before 1 st OA. 1662 deemed Aliens.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case after the clearing of any Ship or Vessel by the person or persons which are or shall be appointed by His Majesty for managing the Customes or any theire Deputies and discharging the Watchmen or Tidesmen from attendance thereupon there shall be found on board such Ship or Vessell any Goods Wares or Merchandizes which have beene concealed from the knowledge of the said person or persons which are or shall be so appointed to manage the Customes and for which the Custome Subsidy and other Dutyes due upon the Importation thereof have not beene paid then the Master Purser or other person taking charge of such Shipp or Vessell shall forfeit the sum of One hundred pounds And it shall be lawfull to or for any person or persons authorized by Writt of Assistance under the Seale of His Majestyes Court of Exchequer to take a Constable Headborough or other Publique Officer inhabiting neare unto the place and in the day time to enter and go into any House Shop Cellar Ware-house or Room or other place and in case of resistance to breake open Doores Chests Trunks and other Package there to seize and from thence to bring any kind of Goods & Merchandize whatsoever prohibited or uncustomed and to put and secure the same in His Majesties Store house in the Port next to the place where such seizure shall be made

And for the better encrease of Shipping and Navigation be it further enacted That the Collectors and other Officers of His Majesties Customes in all the Ports of England shall forthwith give an account unto the Collector and Surveyor in the Port of London (appointed by His Majesty for all Duties and Matters relating to a late Act entituled An Act for encreasing and encouraging of Shipping and Navigation) of all Forreign built Shipps in theire Ports owned and belonging to the people of England of what built and burthen they are for which Certificates have beene made according to the said Act and that the said Collector and Surveyor shall make a true and perfect list of all such Shipps attested under theire hands and transmit the same into His Majesties Court of Exchequer on or before the Moneth of December in the yeare One thousand six hundred sixty and two there to remaine upon record And that no Forreign built Ship (that is to say) not built in any of His Majesties Dominions of Asia Africa or America or other then such as shall (bona fide) be bought before the First of October One thousand six hundred sixty and two next ensuing and expresly named in the said List shall enjoye the priviledge of a Ship belonging to England or Ireland although owned or manned by English (except such Ships only as shall be taken at Sea by Letters of Mart or Reprizal and Condemnation made in the Court of Admiralty as lawfull Prize) but all such

1 such 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car.IL c. 11.

395

Ships shall be deemed as Aliens Ships and be liable unto all Duties that Aliens Ships are liable unto by vertue Rental of of the said Act for encrease of Shipping and Navigation And whereas it is required by the said Act that in sundry • • c.

cases the Master and three fourths of the Mariners are to be English it is to be understood that any of His Majesties Subjects of England Ireland and His Plantacons are to bee accounted English and no others and that an/piantations, * the number of Mariners be accounted according to what they shall have been during the whole Voyage En^U^00111*1

And whereas of late some of the persons appointed by His Majesty for managing the Customes and the Officers of the Customes and theire Deputies have been hindred affronted abused beaten and wounded to the hazard of theire lives in the due execution of theire several trusts & services in theire respective places by armed companies and multitudes of men and goods prohibited and uncustomed have by force and violence as well by Land as by Water been forcibly carried and conveyed away Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That where any Officer or Officers shall be by any person or persons armed with Club or any manner of Weapon forcibly hindred affronted abused beaten or wounded as aforesaid either on board any Ship or Vessel or upon the Land or Water in the due execution of theire Office all and every person and persons so resisting affronting abusing beating or wounding the said Officer or Officers or theire Deputies or such as shall act in theire aid or assistance shall by the next Justice of Peace or other Magistrate be committed to Prison there to remain till the next Quarter Sessions And the Justices of the Peace of the said Quarter Sessions shall and are hereby impowered to punish the Offender by Fine not exceeding One hundred pounds and the Offender is to remaine in Prison till he be discharged by Order of the Exchequer both of the Fine and of the Imprisonment or discover the person that set him on worke to the end he may be legally proceeded against

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Wharfinger or Keeper of any Wharf Crane or Key or theire Servants or any of them shall take up or land or knowingly suffer to be taken up or landed or shall Ship off or suffer to be Water-born at or from any of theire said Wharfs Cranes or Keys any Goods Wares or Merchandize prohibited or whereof any Custome Subsidy or other Duties are due and payable unto the Kings Majesty without the presence of some of the Officers of His Majesties Customes thereunto appointed or att houres and times not appointed by Law (except in the Port of Hull as in the Statute of the First yeare of Queene Elizabeth Chapter the eleventh is excepted and not otherwise) or Goods passing by Certificates Waste Cocquett or otherwise without the presence or notice given to One or more of His Majesties Officers that in every such case all and every such Wharfinger and Keeper of such Wharfe Crane or Key shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred pounds And if any Goods or Merchandize shall be Laden or taken in from the Shore into any Barke Hoy Lighter Barge Wherry or Boat to be carryed aboard any Shipp or Vessell Outwards bound for the parts beyond the Seas or laden or taken in from or out of any Ship or Vessell coming in and arriving from foreign parts without a Warrant and the presence of One or more Officers of the Customes such Bark Hoy Lighter Barge Boat or Wherry shall be forfeited and lost and the Master Purser Boatswain or other Mariner of any Ship inward bound knowing and consenting thereunto shall forfeit the value of the Goods so unshipped And further That in case any Carman Porter Waterman or other person or persons whatsoever shall assist in the taking up landing shipping off or carrying away any such Goods Wares or Merchandizes that then such Carman Porter Waterman or other person or persons so offending being apprehended by Warrant of any Justice of the Peace for that County Citty or Borough which the said Justices and every of them [are1] hereby authorized to issue and to examine Witnesses upon Oath concerning such fad and the same being proved by the Oath of two Witnesses the said Offenders for such first Offence shall and may by such Justice of the Peace be committed to the next Gaol there to remaine till he and they find sufficient Surety to be of the good behaviour for so long time untill he & they shall be thereof discharged by the Lord Treasurer Chancellor Under Treasurer or Barons of the Exchequer And in case he or they so convicted shall afterwards at any time offend in the like kind then he and they shall and may by any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid bee committed to the next Gaol there to remaine for the space of Two Moneths without Bail or Mainprize or untill he shall pay unto the Sheriffe of that County the Sum of Five pounds for the use of His Majesty or untill he shall by the Lord Treasurer Chancellor or Under Treasurer or Court of Exchequer be thence discharged

Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Goods Wares or Merchandizes shall be shipped or put on Board to be carried forth to the open Sea from any one Port Creeke or Member in the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Port and Town of Berwick to be landed at any other place of this Realme without a Sufferance or Warrant first had and obteyned from the said person or persons which are or shall be appointed for managing the Customes and Officers of His Majesties Customes all such Wares and Merchandizes shall be forfeited and lost and that the Master of every Ship or Vessel that shall lade or take in any such Goods Wares or Merchandizes in any Port Member or Creeke within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Town and Port of Berwick to be landed and discharged in some other Port Member or Creek of the said Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Town and Port of Berwick shall before the Ship or Vessell be removed or carried out of the Port (where he shall take in his lading) take out a Cocquet or Cocquets and become bound to the Kings Majesty with good Security in the value of the Goods Wares and Merchandizes aforesaid for delivery and discharge thereof in the Port or place for which the same shall be entred as aforesaid or in some other Port or place within the said Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Port and town of Berwick and (the dangers and accidents of the Seas excepted) to return a Certificate within Six monthes after the date of such Cocquet and Cocquets under the Hands and Seals of the Kings Majesties Officers signed alsoe by some of the said person or persons which are or shall be appointed by

VI.

Recital that Officer* of the Customs hare been abused, &c.

Persons abusing, &c. Officer*.

Imprisonment, till next Quarter Sessions,

and Penalty not exceeding j£ioo, and to remain till discharged by Exchequer.

VII.

Wharfingers, &c. landing or suffering to be landed prohibited or uncustomed Goods.

Exception for Port of Hull under I Eliz. c. it. without Notice or Presence of Officer. Penalty affioo. Goods outward and inward laden or unladen without Warrant, See. forfeited, and Penalty on Master, See. Carmen, See. assisting;

being apprehended by Warrant.

First Offence, Imprisonment till Surety for good Behariour.

Subsequent

Offence,

Imprisonment for Two Months, or until £$ paid.

VIII. Coasting Goods shipped without Sufferance or Warrant.

Goods forfeited. Masters of Coasting Ships to take out Cocquet, and enter into Security for Delivery of Goods before Removal of

Dangers of the Sea excepted ; and return a Certificate from Officers of the landing.

1 interlined on the Roll.

J4°.CaH. II. c. II.

A.DM6Z

Officers granting ffilse Certificates j

Loss of Office, Penalty j£$o. Imprisonment, Incapacity, and liability to Corporal Punishment. Falsifying Cocquets, Ac. Penalty j£joo, and Cocquet, dec. invalid.

Goods coasting put on Shore before Cocquet delivered to Officer.

X.

Goods for which Custom due concealed in Ships and exported.

Penalty on Owners.

Coal to pay Double Duty as by 12 Car. II. c. 4.

XI.

Every Merchant to subscribe one of the Bills of Entry, dec.

or no Entry to be suffered.

XII. Children of Aliens under 21 not to be Traders.

XIII. Proviso concerning Party Jury.

XIV.

Recital of Allowance for Damages. Merchants to demand such Allowance upon Oath.

Shipping out leu Goods than expressed in Certificate;

Penalty.

Goods shipped out by Certificate landing again. Proviso for Case, of Distress.

No Allowance, and Goods forfeited. Goods brought from Scotland by Land to pass through Berwick or Carlisle, and there par Custom, under U Car. II. c.4.

His Majesty for nianlging die Customes or theire Deputy or Deputies in every respe&ve Ports Members or Creeks where the same shall be lauded and discharged to His Majesties Officers of the Customes to whom such security hath been given as aforesaid that such Goods Wares and Merchandizes were there landed - and discharged accordingly upon the penalty of the forfeiture of the Bond and Security aforesaid

And be it hereby further enabled That if any Officer of any Port Member or Creek shall grant or make any false Certificate of any Goods or Merchandizes which should have beene landed out of any Ship or Vessel that such Officer shall lose his Imployment and moreover forfeit the SGm of Fifty pounds and suffer one yeares Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize and be incapable of serving His Majesty in any place of Trust concerning His Customes and be further liable to such Corporal punishment as the Court of Exchequer shall thinke fitt And if any person whatsoever shall counterfeit rase or falsifie any Cocquet Certificate or Return Transire Let-passe or any other Custome house Warrant hee shall forfeit One hundred pounds and the Cocquet Certificate or Return shall be invalid and of none effect And if any Goods Wares or Merchandizes brought or coming into any Port Haven or Creeke within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Port and Town of Berwick from any other Port Haven or Creek within the Kingdom of England or Dominions aforesaid by Port Cocquet Transire Let passe or Certificate in Ships or Vessels shall be landed or put on Shore before such Cocquet Transire Let-passe or Certificate shall be delivered to such person or persons which are or shall be appointed by His Majesty for managing His Customes the Customer or Collector and Comptroller of the Port or place of theire Arrival or to their Deputy or Deputies and a Warrant or Sufferance made and given from such person or persons Customer or Collector and Comptroller or theire Deputy and Deputies aforesaid for the landing and discharging thereof

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Goods Wares or Merchandizes for which the Duties of Subsidie or Custome are due jnd payable to the Kings Majesty shall be secretly conveyed on board any Shipp or Vessel before the Custom and Subsidy thereof be duly answered and paid and shall escape the discovery thereof by the Officers of the Customs or others and be carried into the parts beyond the Seas in such case the Owners or Proprietors of such Goods Wares or Merchandizes or other person or persons who shall have soe shipped or caused the same to be shipped and transported shall forfeit the double value of the Goods computed according to the Booke of Rates except for Coal which so secretly exported as aforesaid shall pay double the Custome and Duty to be collected and levied in such manner as by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage is directed and appointed

Be it [further'] enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for preventing of frauds in colouring of Strangers Goods and otherwise every Merchant or other passing any Goods Wares or Merchandizes Inwards or Outwards shall by himselfe or his known Servant Factor or Agent subscribe One of his Bills of every Entry with the Marke Number and Contents of every Parcell of such Goods as are rated to pay by the Peice or Measure and Weight of the whole Parcell of such Goods as are rated to pay by the Weight without which the Officers of the Customes shall not suffer any Entry to pass

And that no Children of Aliens under the age of twenty one yeares be permitted to be Traders or any Goods or Merchandizes to bee entred in theire names.

Be it alsoe hereby enacted That upon any Actions Suits and Informa£&ns that shall be brought comenced or entred upon any Law or Statute concerning the Kings Majesties Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage or Ships or Goods to be forfeited by reason of unlawfull Importation or Exportation there shall not be any Party Jury but such only as are the natural and free born Subjects of the King His Heires or Successors

And whereas Allowances given to Merchants and others for Defects and Damages upon Goods and Five per centu generally upon all Goods imported and Twelve per centu upon Wines every Merchant or others having the aforesaid Allowances Inwards shall in person upon Oath by himselfe or by his knowne Servant or Fador demand and receive the Moneys due upon Debentures for such forein Goods exported by Certificate with such Abatements and Allowances as were made and given to him upon the Importation and if he be found fraudulently to ship out lesse in quantity or value then is expressed in his Certificate the Goods therein mentioned or the value thereof shall be forfeited and the Owner or Merchant shall lose the benefit of receiving back any part of the Subsidy for those Goods And if any Goods shipped out by Certificate as aforesaid shall be landed againe in the same or any other port or place within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Town and Port of Berwick (unlesse in case of Distresse to save die Goods from perishing which shall be presendy made knowne to the person or persons which are or shall be appointed by His Majesty to manage his Customes and prindpall Officers of the Port) no Allowance shall be demanded or made for those Goods and the said Goods or value thereof shall be forfeited and lost. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Goods Wares and Merchandize that shall be brought out of or carried into the Kingdome of Scotland by Land into or out of the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Port and Town of Berwick shall passe and be carried by and through some of the Towns and Passages hereafter named (that is to say) by and through Berwick or Carlile and then and there pay the Custom and Subsidy granted and due to the Kings Majesty by an Act of this present Parliament enrituled A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported. And if any Goods Wares or Merchandize prohibited or uncustomed coming out of-Scotland

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1662.

14°. Car..IL c. 11.

397

into England or going out of England into Scotland shall passe by or beyond the Townes Ports and Places aforenamed without due Entry and Payment of the Customes that then all such Goods Wares and Merchandize or the value thereof shall be forfeited and lost

Prohibited Goods pstnogi

forfeited, or the Value.

And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament in the First Yeare of Queen Elizabeth of famous Memory diredbng when and where Merchandize shall be landed and Customes paid it is amongst divers other things enacted and ordained That no Goods Wares or Merchandize shall be shipped or loaden aboard any Shipp or Vessel or landed or discharged out of or from any Shipp or Vessel but in or upon some such open Place Key or Wharf Places Keys or Wharfs (except the Port of Hull) as Her Highnes Her Heires and Successors should therefore assign and appoint by vertue of Her Highnes Commission or Commissions within the Port of London and in all Ports Creeks Havens or Roads as in and by the said Act doth and may at large appeare And whereas notwithstanding the aforesaid Act there are some Ports Creeks and Places where Customers Collectors & Comptrollers and Searchers and theire Servants had then time out of mind been resident to which no such Commissions were sent nor Places Keys nor Wharfs appointed as by the said Act was directed And whereas alsoe since that time by reason of the alteration of Rivers Streames Channels and Sands some places then appointed are become unfit and uselesse and others much more convenient and commodious as well for Traffique & Comerce as for landing and discharging lading and shipping of Goods Wares and Merchandize It is enacted and ordained and be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid That the Kings Majesty may from time to time by His Highnes Cdmission or Commissions out of His Court of Exchequer assign and appoint all such further Places Ports Members and Creeks (except the Town of Hull) as shall be lawfull for the landing and discharging lading or shipping of any Goods Wares or Merchandize within the Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Port or Town of Berwick upon Tweed and to what [ '] and Head Ports respectively such Places Members or Creeks shall belong and appertain And

where any such Member Creek or Place shall be so (as aforesaid) appointed by vertue of the said Comission or Comissions the Customer Collector Comptroller and Searcher of the Head-Port shall by themselves or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies Servant or Servants reside and inhabit for the entring clearing and passing shipping and discharging of Ships Goods and Merchandize And by vertue of the aforesaid Commission or Commissions may likewise set downe and appoint the Extents Bounds and Limits of every Port Haven or Creek within His Majesties Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Town and Port of Berwick whereby the Extents Limits and Priviledges of every Port Haven and Creek may be ascertained and known And it shall not be lawfull for any person or persons whatsoever to lade [or put*] or cause to be laden or put off or from any Key Wharff or other place on the land into any Shipp Vessel Lighter Boat or Bottom any Goods Wares or Merchandize whatsoever (Fish taken by His Majesties Subjects Sea coal Stone and Bestials only excepted) to be transported into any place of the parts beyond the Seas or carried by land into the Realm of Scotland or to take up discharge or lay on land or cause or procure to be taken up discharged and laid on land out of any Boat Lighter Shipp Vessel or Bottom (being not in Leake or Wreck) any Goods Wares or Merchandize whatsoever (Fish taken by His Majesties Subjects Bestials and Salt only excepted) to be brought from any of the parts beyond the Seas or by land from the Realm of Scotland by way of Merchandize but only upon such open Place Key or Wharff Places Keys or Wharfs as His Majesty shall from time to time assign and appoint by vertue of such Commission and Commissions as aforesaid in His Majesties Port of London and the Members and Liberties thereof in any other Port Place Member or Creek within His Majesties Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Town and Port of Berwick without special sufferance and leave first had from the Commissioners and Officers of His Majesties Customes upon the penalty of the forfeiture of all such Goods Wares and Merchandize

XV. Recital of i Eliz. c. if. § a.

Recital that notwithstanding the said Act there were Porte to which no Commiuioni were sent, dec* and that by Alteration of Riven, dec. Placet then appointed had become useless, Stc. Further Ports, dre* may be assigned by Commission out of the Exchequer, except Hull.

Officers to reside in such assigned Ports, &c. for passing, dec. Ships and Goods.

By virtue of such Commissions Limits, dec. of Ports, die. may be appointed.

Goods, dec. not to be laden on board, dec. for Exportation;

(Exception of Fish, dec.) nor landed, dec. on Importation;

( Exception of Fish, dec.)

but upon Places so assigned;

without special Sufferance, dec. on Forfeiture of Goods.

And forasmuch as it doth appeare by dayly experience that there are great Pra&ises and Combinations betweene the Importers and Owners of Goods and Merchandizes and the Seizers and Informers with design and intent to defraud the force of the Law and His Majesty of His Duties and Customes Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Ship or Shipps Goods Wares or Merchandize shall be seized as forfeited for or by reason of unlawfull Importation or Exportation into or out of this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Port and Town of Berwick or any the Ports Members or Creeks thereunto belonging or for not payment of any Customes or Subsidies nowe due or hereafter to be due and payable to His Majestie but by the person or persons who are or shall be appointed by His Majestie to manage His Customes or Officers of His Majesties Customes for the time being or such other person or persons as shall be deputed and authorized thereunto by Warrant from the Lord Treasurer or Under Treasurer or by special Commission from His Majesty under the Great or Privy Seale And if any Seizure shall hereafter be made by any other person or persons whatsoever for any the Causes aforesaid such Seizure shall be void and of none effect Any Statute Law AS or Provision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in every Action Suit Indidbnent Information or Prosecution wherein or whereby the person or persons which are or shall be appointed by His Majesty for managing His Customes or the Officers of His Majesties Customes or any Officer or Officers Person or Persons authorized by His Majesty to put in execucftn the Adb of Parliament for encreasing and encouraging of Navigacftn theire Deputies or Servants or any others acting in aid of them have beene are or shall be sued indicted prosecuted or molested it shall be lawfull for all and every the said Persons theire Heires Executors and Administrators to plead the general Issue and to give this or the aforesaid Acts of Parliament relating to the Custodies and Navigation in evidence in any of His Majesties Courts of Justice or other Courts where the said Matter shall be depending And

XVI.. Recital of Combinations between Importers, kc. and Informers, See.

By what Officers only Ships and Goods may be seized.

Seizures by other Persons void.

XVII.

In Actions against Officers of the Customs and Persons authorized to put in Execution is Car. II. c. 18. General Issue may be pleaded, and the Acts of Customs, &c. given in Evidence.

5 I

14° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1662.

Judge* to admit the ume, and to indemnify’.

XVIII. Persons seizing. See. and not prosecuting with Eneft,

then Officer may seize and inform {

or bring Action by way of Derenerunt, and be adjudged the true first Informer.

Informer or Officer

compounding.

Penalty.

XIX. Officers taking Bribes, &c. or contriving at false Entries.

Penalty j£ioo, and Incapacity.

Penalty on Merchant, 8cc. £$o.

XX. Persons confessing within two Months, discharged.

XXI. Regulations for landing Foreign Goods permitted to be landed.

Officer to give Account of Entry of such Goods.

Penalty j£ioo.

XXII. Packets importing or exporting Goods.

Penalty jgioo, and Goods forfeited.

XXIII. Doubts about Goods prohibited by ixC.II. c. 18.

Certain Goods not to be imported in any Ships whatever. Penalty.

XXIV. Recital of taC.II. c. 18.^17. and that small Shallops do not come into Harbours where Officers are.

the Judges of the said Courts are hereby strictly enjoyned and required to admitt the same and to acqdtt and indempnifie them and every of them of and from all such Suits Indiftments Informations or Prosecutions for or concerning any matter or thing acted or done in the due and necessary performance and execution of theire respective Trusts and Imployments therein

Be it hereby alsoe enacted for avoiding of fraudulent Compositions That if any Seizer Informer or Officer as aforesaid shall not prosecute to effect for the bringing to Tryal and Condemnation the Ships Goods and Merchandize by them seized or informed against That then and in every such case it shall be lawfull to or for any of the person or persons which are or shall be appointed by His Majesty for managing his Customes or the Officers of the Customes or other person or persons deputed by them or thereunto authorized by the Lord Treasurer or Under Treasurer to make seizure of or inform against such Goods and Merchandize or bring his Action for the same by way of Devenerunt and that they shall be esteemed and adjudged in Law as the true First Informers and Seizers and have the benefitt of such Informers or Seizers Any Law Statute Act or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding And that no Informer or Officer be suffered to compound under one Third of the appraised value upon losse of his Office

Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any of the Kings Majesties Officers or other persons appointed to manage His Majesties Customes Searchers Waiters or other person or persons whatsoever deputed and appointed by and under them or any of them or any other Authority whatsoever and imployed in or about the Affaires of the Kings Customes and Subsidies shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Bribe Recompence or Reward in any kind whatsoever or connive att any false Entry of any Goods or Merchandizes whereby the Kings Majesty His Heires or Successors shall be defrauded or hindred in or of his Customes and Subsidies or other Sums of money

or Goods prohibited by the Law to be imported or exported into or out of the Kingdome of England Dominion

of Wales Town and Port of Berwick be suffered to passe either by way of Importation or Exportation the person or persons therein offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred pounds and be for ever afterwards incapable of any Office or Imployment under the Kings Majesty His Heires or Successors or any Authority derived from them as alsoe the Merchant Mariner or other person or persons whatsoever who shall give or pay any such Bribe Recompence or Reward as aforesaid shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds

Provided neverthelesse that if any person or persons offending as aforesaid shall reveal and make known such his or theire Offence in Two monthes time to the Treasurer of England the Chancellor Under Treasurer or Barons of the Exchequer he shall for that Offence be clearely acquitted Sc discharged

And be it further enacted That all forreign Goods and Merchandize which by the person or persons which are

or shall be appointed by His Majesty for the managing of the Customes and the Customer Collector and Comptroller shall be permitted to be landed and taken up by Bills att sight Bills att view or sufferance shall be landed att the most convenient Keys or Wharfs where the said person or persons soe to bee appointed Customer or Collector and Comptroler shall appoint and not else where and there or in His Majesties Store house of the respective Ports at the Election of the said person or persons so to be appointed and Officers shall be measured weighed and numbred by and in the presence of the Officers to be thereunto particularly appointed which said Officers so appointed shall perfect the Entry and thereunto [shall'] subscribe theire Names and the next day following shall give Accompt and make report of every respective Entry so perfected as aforesaid to the said person or persons which are or shall be appointed to manage His Majesties Customes Customer or [Collector & *] Comptroller aforesaid without reasonable cause to be allowed by the said person or persons or Officers aforesaid or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of One hundred pounds

Be it alsoe enacted That no Ship Vessell or Boat appointed and imployed ordinarily for the Carriage of Letters and Packquets shall unlesse it be in such Cases as shall be allowed by the said person or persons which are or shall be appointed to manage His Majesties Customes or Officers aforesaid) import or export any Goods or Merchandize into or out of the parts beyond the Seas upon the penalty of the forfeiture of One hundred pounds to be paid by the Master of the said Vessel or Boat with the losse of his place and all Goods and Merchandize that shall be found on board any such Shipp Vessel or Boat shall be forfeited and lost.

And whereas some Doubts and Disputes have arisen concerning the said late Act for encreasing and encouraging of Shipping and Navigation about some of the Goods therein prohibited to be brought from Holland and the Parts and Ports thereabouts Be it enacted and declared That no sort of Wines (other then Rhenish) no sort of Spicery Grocery Tobacco Potashes Pitch Tar Salt Rozen Deale Boards Fir Timber or Olive Oyle shall be imported into England Wales or Berwick from the Netherlands or Germany upon any pretence whatsoever in any sort of Ships or Vessels whatsoever upon penalty of the losse of all the said Goods as alsoe of the Ships and Furniture

And whereas alsoe by the said Acts for incouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation an Imposition of

Five shillings per Tun is laid upon all Shipps or Vessels belonging to any Subjects of the French King which shall

come into any Port Harbour Creek or Road of England Ireland Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed and shall

there lade or unlade any Goods or take in or set on shore any Passengers Yet notwithstanding there is great difficulty in recovering the said Duty because small Shallops [comel] not into Harbours where Officers are but either

JJ).16€2

14° Car. II. c, 11

399

put tbeire Ooodi and * Passengers on shore or Boats come out of Harbours which privately convey them on shoare there being no penalty in the Act against such Offenders Be it therefore enacted That any such Ship or Vessel upon which the abovesaid Imposition of Five shillings per Tun is due and payairie which shall either put on shore or put over in-to any Boat any Goods or Passengers without payment of Custom and Imposiftfa of Tonnage att any time returning into any Harbour Port or Creeke of England* or Ireland shall not onely pay the Duties formerly due but forfeit the sum of Ten pounds And whatsoever Pilott Waterman or Boat man which shall from any Harbour Port or Creek go out and bring any Goods from on board such Vessel shall not only be lyable to pay the Duty of Tonnage which the said Vessell should have paid but forfeit the sum of Forty pounds

VetteU mentioned in the slid Act

putting on Shore Goods Ac. without Payment of Cuatoma, Ac. to pay Dutiea, and Penalty i o. Boatmen, &c.

: to such

ii*.

Penalty*

Be it alsoe hereby enacted That Vinigar Perry Rape Cider and Cider-eager of any sort or kind whatsoever imported from and after the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred sixty and two from Forreigne Parts is hereby rated to pay to the Kings Majesty a Subsidy of Tonnage of Foure pounds Ten shillings per Tun imported by English and Six pounds imported by Strangers according to the Rate already imposed and set upon French Wines to be collected and levied for such time and in such manner as by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage is directed and appointed And the same are by vertue of this Act exonerated & discharged of all further and other Sums heretofore set or charged upon those Comodities by or under the name of Subsidy or Poundage And in case of Exportation there shall be repaid and allowed to the English man Exporter the sBm of Three pounds Ten shillings per Tun and to the Alien Four pounds Fifteen shillings per Tun to be repaid according to the Rules of the Booke of Rates now established

XXV. Vinegar, Perry, Ac. imported to pay Duties laid on French Wines by la Car. II. c.4* and exonerated from Subsidy or Poundage.

Allowance on Exportation.

And whereas the ingenious Industry of these times hath taught the Dyers of England the Art of fixing the Colours made of Log wood alias Blockwood so as that by experience they are found as lasting and serviceable as the Colours made with any other sort of Dying wood whatsover And whereas by a Statute made in the Three and twentieth yeare of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth of famous Memory intituled Log wood and Blockwood shall not be used in dying of Cloth &c And by another Statute made in the Nine and thirtieth yeare of the aforesaid Queen Elizabeth (intituled The Penalty for mixing or using of Log wood in Dying Cloth or other Stuff) all Log wood alias Blockwood that shall be found within this Kingdome shall be forfeited and openly burned with divers other Paines Penalties and Forfeitures upon such as shall use the same in dying Cloth or other Comodities as by the said several Acts aforesaid may and doth appeare Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the aforesaid Statutes and either of them be and are hereby repealed and made void as to all Clauses Articles Provisions and Penalties in any wise relating to the prohibition or use of Log wood ais Blockwood And that from and after the First day of February One thousand six hundred sixty and one It shall and may be lawfull to and for any person or persons freely to import into this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Town and Port of Berwick upon Tweed any quantities of Logwood ais Blockwood and freely to use the same in dying or colouring any sort of Goods or Manufacture whatsoever The aforesaid two Statutes or any other Law Statute Usage Custome Patent of Priviledge Proclamation or other Restraint Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding Provided that such importacftn bee according to the Rules prescribed and enjoy[n']ed in the late Act entituled An Act for encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation & paying a Subsidy to the Kings Majesty His Heires and Successors for every Tun of the said Logwood ais Blockwood so to be imported after the rate of Five pounds and after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity according to such Rules and under such Penalties as are provided for all other imported Goods in a late Act intituled An Act of Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and .other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported excepting only that for all of the said Comodities exported according to the Rules of the Booke of Rates there shall be repaid to the Exporter the Sum of Four pounds per Tun the said Rate for Logwood ats Blockwood to be collected and levied for such time and in such manner as by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage is directed and appointed

And be it further enacted That all Actions Suites and Informations to be had and commenced upon the Act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation or any Clause or Article therein may be entred and prosecuted in His Majesties Court of Exchequer at Westminster That upon all such Suites & Informacbns to be brought upon the Act of Tonnage and Poundage and the Alt aforesaid or any other Act or Statute concealing the Importacbn of Goods or Merchandize from the parts beyond the Seas if the property thereof be claimed by any person or persons as the Importer thereof in such case Onus Probandi shall lye upon the Owner or Claimer thereof Provided that in case the Seizure or Information shall be made upon any Clause or Thing, conteyned in the lata Act intituled An Act for the incouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation that then the Defendant or Defendants shall on his or theire request have a Commission out of the High Court of Chancery to examine Witnesses beyond the Seas and have a competent time allowed for the return thereof before any try all shal> be had upon the Case according to the distance of place where such Commission or Commissions are to be executed and that the Examination of Witnesses so returned shall be admitted for evidence in Lawe at the tryal as if it had beene given Viva voce by the Examinate in Court Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

And be it alsoe enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid That no Writ of Delivery shall be granted out of the Court of Exchequer for Goods seized but upon [good ■] Security and that for Goods perishable only or in cases where the Informer shall defer or delay his coming to as speedy a Tryal as the Course of that Court will permit and shall be thereby ordered and directed

XXVI. Recital of Uae of Logwood by Dyer*. Recital of 23 Eli*, c. 9.

and 39 EHx. c. xi.

Repealed at to Logwood, and Logwood maybe 1 and a ted g»

Provided racb Importation be according to 13 Car. II. c. 18.

Duty on Importation.

Allowance to Exporter.

XXVII. Actiont, Ac. on 12 Car. II. c. 18. protecuted in the Exchequer

In Suita, Ac. on

12 Car. II. 0*4. and any other Act concemiag Importation of Gooda, &c.

Onus Probandi on Owner*

Proviao that in Informatioea on

13 Car. II. c. 18. De&ndanta may have a Commtaaiott out of Chancery to examine Witnetaea abroad.

XXVIII.

No Writ of Delivery to be had but on Security.

In what Caaea to be had.

400

14° Car. II. c. 11.

XXIX. Penalties how to be distributed.

XXX. All Persons to aid Officers of the Customs in Execution of this Act.

XXXI. Deputies, Clerks, &c. in the Customs to take Oath to do their Duty}

and none to be employed till Oath taken. Commissioners, &c. of Customs to administer and register Oath.

XXXII. Officers taking undue Fee or putting Merchant out ofnis turn without Order,

&c. or detaining Goods, or refusing Allowances.

Pebalty.

XXXIII. Exporting or importing Goods to or from Mediterranean in improper Ships.

Rate of j£i per Cent, over Tonnage and Poundage.

Proviso for Exportation of Fish te the Mediterranean.

XXXIV. Persons, within Seven Years, from March 25, 1662, building Ships of the Description herein mentioned.

Reward.

XXXV.

Duty on Salt imported after June 14, 1662.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That one Moyety of all the Forfeitures before in this Act menebned & appointed shall be to the Kings Majesde His Heires and Successors and the other Moyety to such person or persons as shall seize or sue for the same by Bill Plaint or Information in His Majesties Court of Exchequer or any other His Majesties Courts of Record wherein no Essoyn Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed

And be it further enacted and ordained That all Officers belonging to the Admiralty Captaines and Commanders of Shipps Forts Castles and Blockhouses as alsoe all Justices of the Peace Mayors Sheriffs Bayliffes Constables and Headboroughs and all the Kings Majesties Officers Ministers and Subjects whatsoever whom it may concern shall bee aiding and assisting to all and every person and persons which are or shall bee appointed by His Majesty to manage His Customes and the Officers of His Majesties Customes and theire respective Deputies in the due Execution of all and every Ad and Thing in and by this present Act required and enjoyned And all such who shall be aiding and assisting unto them in the due execution hereof shall be defended and saved harmelesse by vertue of this Act

And be it hereby alsoe enacted That all Deputies Clerks and Servants which now have [or hereafter shall have*] any Plate or Office in or about the Customes and Subsidies by and under the Commissioners or other the Kings Officers thereof shall before the First day of June next take theire respective Corporall Oath & Oathes for the true and faithfull execution and discharge to the best of theire knowledge and power of theire several Trusts and Imployments committed to theire Charge and Inspedion And that no person or persons shall hereafter be imployed or put in trust in the busines of the Customes untill he shall first have taken his Oath as aforesaid And the Commissioners and principall Officers in the Port of London and the principall Officers in all other the Out ports or any Two of them are hereby authorized to administer and give to all and every person or persons such Oath and Oathes as aforesaid and to cause the same to be entred and registred in the Custome House of every

respective Port where the person so taking the Oath as aforesaid shall have his residence and imployment

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person imployed in His Majesties Customes shall demand or take any other or greater sum of Money then by Law is now due or hereafter

shall become due or shall put any Merchant or other person out of his turn without expresse Order before or immediate approbation after from the person or persons who are or shall be appointed by His Majesty to manage His Customes or the superior Officers for the Customes or shall illegally detaine the Goods of any person or shall neglect or refuse to make Repayments and Allowances which are or shall be due since the foure and twentieth of June One thousand six hundred and sixty or shall not after notice given give out and execute his Warrant shall be lyable to double Costs and Damages

And for the better [increase1] of good and serviceable Shipping and secureing the publique Trade and Commerce Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every Merchant or other person that shall after the nine and twentieth day of September One thousand six hundred sixty and two export any Goods or Merchandizes

from any Port of this Kingdome capable of a Ship or Vessell of Two hundred Tun upon an ordinary full Sea

to any part or place of the Mediterranean Sea beyond the Port of Malaga or import any Goods or Merchandize from the Ports or Places aforesaid to any Port of this said Kingdome in any Shipp or Vessell that hath not Two Decks and doth carry lesse then Sixteene Peeces of Ordnances mounted togeather with Two Men for each Gun and other Ammunition proportionable shall pay to our Soveraigne Lord the King for all and every the Wares and Merchandizes soe exported or imported One per centu over and above the Rates and Duties of Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage otherwise due and payable for the same Any thing in this A d before contained to the contrary notwithstanding Provided alwaies that it shall and may be lawful 1 to export from any of His Majesties Dominions Fish into any the Ports of the Mediterranean Sea aforesaid in any English Shipp or Vessell whatsoever Provided that [one1] Moyety of her full Lading be Fish only and in such case to import any Wares or Merchandize in the same Shipp for that Voyage without paying any other Rates or Duties of Tonnage or Poundage for the same then were heretofore accustomed

And for the better encouragement of building good and defensible Ships Be it enacted That all and every person or persons that shall within the space of Seaven yeares from and after the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred sixty two build or cause to bee built within any of His Majesties Dominions any Ship or Vessel of Three Decks or Two Decks and a halfe with a Fore Castle and Five Foote betweene each Decke mounted with Thirty Peeces of Ordnance at least and other Ammunition proportionable shall for the first two Voyages which the said Ship or Ships make from His Ma:ti€* Dominions to any forreigne parts have and receive to his and theire owne proper use and benefit one Tenth part of the Customes that shall be paid to His Majesty for all such Goods or Merchandizes as shall be exported or imported on the said Ship or Ships to and from this Kingdome And the Commissioners and Officers of His Majesties Customes are hereby impowered and required to pay the same to the Owner or Owners of the said Ship or Ships accordingly

Provided alwaies and be it hereby declared & enacted That from and after the Four and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred sixty & two All Salt which shall be brought out of the Kingdome of Scotland into this Kingdome the Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed shall yeild and pay and is hereby made chargeable to yeild and pay unto the Kings Majesty One halfe penny upon every Gallon of such imported Salt of Winchester Measure at the landing thereof Any thing in this present Act or any former or other Law Statute or Order to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

A.D. 1668.

14° Cab. II. c. 12.

401

R*• Pari. 14 C.II. p. t. mm. 5.

Recital of the Increase of the Poor, and that the same antes from Defe6k in the Poor Laws and Want of Employment.

Reason* for passing this Act.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for the better Releife of the Poore of this Kingdom.

'▼T THERE AS the necessity number and continual increase of the Poore not onely within the Cities of London and

V T Westminster with the Liberties of each of them but alsoe through the whole Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales is very great and exceeding burthensome being occasioned by reason of some defects in the Law concerning the setling of the Poor and for want of a due Provision of the regulations of releife and imployment in such Parishes or Places where they are legally setled which doth enforce many to turn incorrigible Rogues and others to perish for want togeather with the neglect of the faithfull execution of such Lawes & Statutes as have formerly beene made for the apprehending of Rogues and Vagabonds and for the good of the Poore For remedy whereof and for the preventing the perishing of any of the Poore whether young or old for want of such supplies as are necessary May it please your most Excellent Majestie that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Ldrds Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That whereas by reason of some defects in the Law poore people are not restrained from going from one Parish to another and therefore doe -endeavor to settle themselves in those Parishes where there is the best Stocke the largest Commons or Wastes to build Cottages and the most Woods for them to bum and destroy and when they have consumed it then to another Parish and att last become Rogues and Vagabonds to the great discouragem*. of Parishes to provide Stocks where it is lyable to be devoured by Strangers Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull upon complaint made by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poore of any Parish to any Justice of Peace within Forty dayes after any such Person or Persons coming so to settle as aforesaid in any Tenement under the yearely value of Ten pounds for any two Justices of the Peace whereof one to be of the Quop of the Division where any person or persons that are likely to be chargeable to the Parish shall come to inhabitt by theire warrant to remove and convey such person or persons to such Parish where he or they were last legally setled either as a native Householder Sojourner Apprentice or Servant for the space of forty dayes at the least unlesse he or they give sufficient security for the discharge of the said Parish to bee allowed by the said Justices

£ Provided alwaies that all such persons who thinke themselves agreived by any such Judgement of the said two for* Appeal.

Justices may appeal to the Justices of the Peace of the said County att theire next Quarter Sessions whoe are hereby required to doe them justice according to the merits of theire Cause

Justice of the Peace may remove Persons coming to settle in Tenement under dio per Annum to last Settlement.

Provided alsoe that (this Act notwithstanding) it shall and may be lawfull for any person or persons to go into any County Parish or place to worke in time of Harvest or at any time to worke at any other worke so that he or they carry with him or them a Certificate from the Minister of the Parish and one of the Churchwardens and Harvest

one of the Overseers for the Poore for the said Yeare that hee or they have a dwelling house or place in which he with Certificate of or they inhabit and hath left Wife and Children or some of them there (or otherwise as the condition of the Min,Iler»&c* person shall require) and is declared an Inhabitant or Inhabitants there And in such case if the person or persons Such Work not to shall not retume to the place aforesaid when his or theire worke is finished or shall fall sicke or impotent whilst he ^Fc^niMa^ be or they are in the said worke it shall not bee accounted a Setlement in the cases abovesaid but that it shall and may removed hack again,

be lawfull for twoe Justices of the Peace to convey the said person or persons to the place of his or theire

Habitation as aforesaid under the paines and penalties in this Act prescribed1 ] And if such person or persons shall Persons refusing to refuse to go or shall not remain in such Parish where they ought to be setled as aforesaid but shall return of his back' *c*

own accord to the Parish from whence he was removed it shall be lawfull for any Justice of the Peace of the

Citty County or Towne Corporate where the said Offence shall be committed to send such person or persons Punishment, offending to the House of Corredion there to be punished as a Vagabond or to a publique Workehouse in this present Act hereafter mentioned there to be imployed in worke or labour And if the Church wardens and Overseers Churchwardens, of the Poore of the Parish to which he or they shall be removed refuse to receive such person or persons and to ^ich^suT Persons provide worke for them as other Inhabitants of the Parish any Justice of [the1] Peace of that Division may and shall removed, refusing to thereupon bind any such Officer or Officers in whom there shall be default to the Assizes or Sessions there to be indicted for his or theire Contempt in that behalfe

III.

Proviso for Persons going into other

And for the further redresse of the mischeifs intended to be hereby remedied Be it enacted by the Authority IV.

aforesaid That from thenceforth there be & shall be one or more Corporation or Corporations Workehouse or woSSKuS'tobe Workehouses within the Cities of London and Westminster and within the Burroughs Towns and places of the within the Bills of County of Middlesex and Surrey scituate lying and being within the Parishes mentioned in the weekely Bills of *orta,ty’ Mortality consisting of a President (3) a Deputy to the President a Treasurer And that the Lord Maior of the City of Mayor of

London for the time being be President of the Corporation or Corporations Workehouse or Workehouses within the said City and the Assistants to be the Aldermen of the said City of London for the time being and fifty two other Citizens to be chosen by the Common Council of the said City And that the said President and Assistants or the Regulations for major part of them shall and may elect a Deputy President and Treasurer and all other necessary Officers hereby Ele&km of Officers, constituted and authorized to execute the powers and Offices by this Act appointed And that upon the vacancy by death or otherwise of any Assistant the power to elect in theire roomes be in the said Common Council and the Election of the Deputy President or Treasurer and all other Officers in the said President and major part of the

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. ' 0. omits. * and 0,

5 K

402

14° Car. II. c. 12.

A.D. 1662

V.

Regulations of the like Nature for Workhouses within the Bills of Mortality.

Quarter Sessions to require Accounts of Receipts and Payments of Officers

and of the State of the Workhouses. President, &c. to have Succession ; how to be sued.

May purchase Lands not exceeding g£$oco per Annum;

may take Gifts of Personal Estate ; may meet and keep Courts, &c.

and may appoint a Common Seal.

VI. President and Governors may apprehend Rogues and Vagabonds, and set them to work.

Quarter Sessions may signify to Privy Council the Names of such Rogues, &c. as they shall think fit to be transported.

Proceedings

thereon.

VH.

If President and Governors signify toCommonCouncil, Quarter Sessions, &c. the Want of Money, &c. Common Council, Quarter Sessions, &c. may ascertain the Amount;

and may rate Towns, Parishes, &c. accordingly.

Appeal to the next open Sessions.

Assistants as aforesaid And that a President a Deputy President a Treasurer and Assistants be nominated and appointed by the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, of England for the time being out of the most fitt persons inhabiting in the Citie of Westminster or the Liberties thereof for the Corporation or Corporations Workhouse or Workhouses within the same

And for the said places within the weekely Bills of Mortality in the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively there shall be elected and chosen by the major part of the Justices of the Peace for the said Counties in theire respective Quarter Sessions assembled out of the most able and honest Inhabitants and Freeholders of every of the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively a President a Deputy President a Treasurer and Assistants for the Corporation or Corporations Workhouse or Workhouses of the places aforesaid in Middlesex and Surrey And that upon the vacancy by death or otherwise of any [of'] the Presidents Deputy Presidents Treasurers or Assistants in the City of Westminster and places aforesaid in Middlesex and Surrey the power to eleCl others in theire roomes be in the major part of the respective Justices of Peace who in theire General Quarter Sessions from time to time shall accordingly supply such vacant places And that at every Quarter Sessions they shall require and take an account in writing of all the Receipts Charges and Disbursements of the Officers and Treasurer of such Corporacftn or Corporac&ns Workhouse or Workhouses how and how many Poore people have beene imployed and set to worke in the yeare last past and what stock there was and is remaining which President Deputy President and Treasurer for the time being respectively shall for ever hereafter in name and fact be Bodies Politique & Corporate in Law to all intents and purposes and shall have a perpetual Succession and may sue or plead or be sued and impleaded by the Name of the President and Govemours for the Poore of the respective places aforementioned in all Courts and Places of Judicature within this Kingdome and the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed And by that Name every of the said Corporations shall and may without License in Mortmain purchase or receive any Lands Tenements or Hereditaments not exceeding the yearely value of Three thousand pounds per annu of the Gift Alienation or Devise of any person or persons who are hereby without further License enabled to give the same and any Goods Chattels or sums of money whatsoever to the use intent and purposes hereafter limited and appointed And the each respective Corporation or any Seaven of them shall have hereby Power and Authority from time to time to meet and keepe Courts for the ends and purposes in this A & expressed at such time and place as shall be appointed by the said President his Deputy or the Treasurer who are hereby required upon the desire of any foure of the said Corporation fit any time to cause a Court to be warned accordingly And shall have hereby Authority from time to time to make and appoint a Common Seale for the use of the said Corporation

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said President and Govemours of the said Corporations for the time being or any two of them or to or for any person authorized and appointed by them or any two of them from time to time to apprehend or cause to be apprehended any Rogues Vagrants Sturdy Beggars or idle or disorderly persons within the said Cities and Liberties Places Divisions and PrecinCls and to cause them to be kept and set to worke in the several and respective Corporations or Workhouses And it shall and may be lawfull for the major part of the Justices of Peace in theire Quarter Sessions to signify unto His Majesties Privy Councell the names of such Rogues Vagabonds idle and disorderly persons and sturdy Beggars as they shall thinke fitt to be transported to the English Plantations and upon the approbation of His Majesties Privy Council to the said [Justices of Peace signified which persons shall be transported it shall and may be lawfull for any two or more of the Justices of the Peace them to transporte or cause to be transported from time to time during the space of three yeares next ensuing the end of this present Session of Parliament1 ] to any of the English Plantations beyond the Seas there to be disposed in the usual way of Servants for a terme not exceeding seaven yeares

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if the President & Govemours of any of the said Corporations shall certifie under theire comon Seale theire want and defied either of a present stocke for the foundation of the Worke or for supply thereof for the future and what sum or sums of money they shall thinke fitt for the same to the Comon Council of the said City of London and the Burgesses and Justices of Peace in theire Quarter Sessions of the said City of Westminster and the Liberties thereof or the Justices of the respective Counties of Middlesex and Surrey assembled in either Quarter Sessions that thereupon the C5mon Council of the said City of London the Burgesses of the said City of Westminster and the Justices of Peace of the said Cities and Counties in theire Quarter Sessions assembled are hereby required from time to time to set down and ascertain such competent sum and sums of money for the purposes aforesaid not exceeding one yeares Rate from time to time usually set upon any person for or towards the releife of the Poore and the same to proportion out upon the several Wards PrecinCls Counties Divisions Hundreds and Parishes as they shall thinke fit And thereupon the Aldermen Deputies and Comon Council men of every Ward in the Cityes of London and Burgesses and Justices of the Peace of the City of Westminster and the Liberties thereof and Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required equally and indifferently according to the proportions appointed as aforesaid for the several Wards PrecinCls Cities and Parishes as aforesaid to tax and rate the several Inhabitants within the said respective Wards PrecinCls and Parishes as well within Liberties as without with which Tax if any person or persons find him or themselves aggreived supposeing the same to be unequal he or they shall and may make theire complaint knowne to the Justices of the Peace at the next open Sessions who shall take such final order therein as in like cases is already by the Law provided

14° Cab. II. c. 12.

403

And it is further eluded by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Alderman of the City of London or his Deputy or the Buigesses and Justices of Peace of the City of Westminster and the liberties thereof or any two or more of them or any two Justices of Peace of the respective Counties of Middlesex and Surrey by theire Warrant under theire Hands and Seales to authorize the Church wardens or Overseers for the* Poore within the Places and Parishes aforesaid to demand gather and receive of every person and persons such sum and sQms of money as shall be assessed upon them by vertue of the Taxations and Contributions aforesaid And for default of payment within ten dayes after demand thereof made or notice in writing left att the dwelling House or Lodging of every person so assessed to levy the same by Distresse and Sale of the goods of every such person and after satisfaction made to restore the surplusage to the party so distrained

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Stocks raised for the releife and imployment of the Poor in the City of London and Liberty thereof which was in the hands of a Corporation heretofore appointed in the said City for that service or in the hands of any other person or persons whatsoever before the nine & twentieth day of September which was in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and sixty comonly called the Feast of S'. Michael the Archangell or at any time since togeather with all the Arreares of money formerly allotted for that Service or Legacies given to the same end shall be payable to the Treasurer of the Corporation or Corporations Workhouse or Workehouses to be established by this present Act who are hereby authorized and impowred by themselves or theire Officers thereunto by them deputed to collect gather receive and recover the said money and Legacies which shall be due and in arreare as aforesaid with which said Arrears and every part and parcell thereof the Corporation or Corporations aforesaid by this Act made constituted and established is and shall be Jiereby invested and interested for the execution of the service hereby enjoyned them And all those that have had or now have any of the said Stocks in their or any of theire hands shall be accomptable to the said Treasurer or to those that shall be appointed by the said Corporation or Corporations or any Seven or more [of1] them to take the said account

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That there shall be a full allowance of all just and necessary expences which have beene laid out by the said former Corporation for the releife of the said Poor and the carrying on of the said Service since the time before expressed

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the respective President and Govemours or any Seven of them shall have power from time to time to make and constitute Orders and By-lawes for the better releiving regulating and setling the Poore to worke and the apprehending and punishing of Rogues Vagabonds and Beggars within the Cides Liberties and Places aforesaid that have not where with to maintaine themselves and for other the matters aforesaid

Provided the said Orders and By-lawes shall from time to time be presented to the Justices of Peace in theire Quarter Sessions assembled to be allowed by the major part of them and confirmed by order of the said Court

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the President and Governours of any the said Corporation or Corporations Workhouse or Workhouses or any fourteene or more of them being assembled togeather shall have hereby power to choose and entertaine all such Officers and others as shall be needfuJJ to be imployed in and about the pmisses and them or any of them from time to time to remove as they shall see cause and upon the death or removal of them or any of them to choose others in theire places for the carrying on of the Worke and to make and give such reasonable allowances unto them or any of them out of the Stock and Revenue belonging to the said Corporation or Workhouse as they shall thinke fitt

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Sheriffs Bailiffs Constables *nd all other Officers and Ministers of Justice shall be aiding and assisting to the said Corporation or Corporation' and to all such Officers as shall be imployed by them or any of them in the execution or performance of the Service

And whereas the Lawes and Statutes for the apprehending of Rogues and Vagabonds have not been duly executed sometimes for want of Officers by reason Lords of Mannors doe not keepe Court Leets every yeare for the making of them Bee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid ^ czse ^ny Constable Headborough or Tithingmen shall die or goe out of the Parish any two Justices of the Peace may make and sweare a new Constable Headborough or Tithingman untill the said Lord shall bold a Court or until next Quarter Sessions who shall approve of the said Officers so made and sworn as aforesaid or appoint others as they shall thinke fitt And if any Officer shall continue above a yeare in his or theire Office that then in such case the Justices of Peace in theire Quarter Sessions may discharge such Officers and *ay Put another fit person in his or theire place until the Lord of the said Mannor shall hold a Court as aforesaid

And whereas for want of some encouragement to such person or persons as shall apprehend Rogues Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars the Statutes made in the nine and thirtieth yeare of Queene Elizabeth and first yeare of King James in which Statutes the Constable Headborough or Tithingman of every Parish that shall not apprehend such Rogues Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars which shall passe through or be found in theire said Parish unapprehended such Constable Headborough or Tithingman shall forfeit as in the said Statutes is expressed are not duely executed

VIII.

Any Alderman of London, or Two Justice* in Westminster, Ac. may authorise Churchwardens, Sec. to receive Assessments

and in default of Payment, Distress.

IX.

The Stock for Employment of the Poor in the Hands of a former Corporation in London to be paid to Trtasurer of Corporation under this Act, who is empowered to recover the same. See,

All Persons having Stock in Hand to account.

X.

Allowances to such former Corporation.

XL President and Governor* may make By-Laws,

Sec.

XII.

To be presented to Quarter Sessions.

XIII. President and Governors may choose Officers, and make them Allowances.

XIV. Sheriffs. Sec. to be aiding Corporations.

XV.

Recital of Mischief from Want of Officers.

On Death or Removal of Constables, Sec. Justices may make and swear a new one until Court Leet or Quarter Sessions.

XVI. Recital that 39 Elia. c. 4. and 1 Jac. I. c. 7. are not duly executed.

404

14° Car. II. c. 12.

A.D. 16M.

Justice may reward Persons apprehending Rogues and Vagabonds:*-

as. for every Apprehension. Constibte, &c. refusing, &c.topay. Proceedings for Penalty under I Jsc. I. c. 7. and the 2s. paid thereout.

Be h therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfoll to and for any Justice of Peace to whom any Rogue Vagabond or Sturdy Beggars soe apprehended shall be brought to reward any person or persons that shall apprehend any Rogue Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar by granting unto such person or persons an Order or Warrant under his Hand and Seale to the Constable Headborough or Tithlhgman of such Parish where such Rogue Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar passed through unapprehended requiring him to pay such person or persons the sum of Twoe- shillings for every Rogue Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar which shall be soe apprehended And if such Constable Headborough or Tithingmen refuse or neglect to pay the Twoe shillings as aforesaid that then the said Justices of [the *] Peace or any other Justice or Justices of Peace shall proceed against any such Constable Headborough or Tithing man according to the said Statutes and to compell him to pay such sum of money as he hath forfeited by the Statute of the First Yeare of King James aforesaid and to allow out of the said Forfeiture the said Two shillings and such reasonable meanes and allowance for losse of time as they shall thinke fitt

XVII. Proviso for Person* apprehending Rogues, &c. on the Confines of any County, who had' pasted through any Parish of another County unapprehended.

XVIII.

Constables, See. may make Rate to reimburse themselves;

to be confirmed by Two Justices;

and may be levied by Distress.

And if any person or persons shall apprehend any Rogue Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar att the Confines of any County which passed through any Parish of another County unapprehended it shall be lawfiill for such person or persons to goe to 9oiffe Justice of Peace of that County through which such Rogue Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar passed unapprehended whoe is hereby required (upon a Certificate under the Hand of some Justice of Peace of the County where such Rogue Vagabond or Sturdy Beggar was so apprehended) to grant his Order or Warrant under his Hand and Seale requiring the said Constable Headborough or Tithingman to pay unto such person or persons as aforesaid the sum of Two shillings which if he shall refuse or neglect to doe then such Justice is hereby required to proceed against such Constable Headborough or Tithingman and to cause him to pay Ten shillings or soe much thereof for his Expences and losse of time as the said Justice of Peace shall thinke fitt to such person or persons which he hath forfeited by the Statute aforesaid made in the Nine and thirtieth Yeare of the Queene

And whereas Constables Headboroughs or Tithingmen are or may bee att great charge in releiving conveying with Passes and in carrying Rogues Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars to Houses of Corredion or the Work-houses herein mentioned and as yet have no power by Law to make Rates to reimburse themselves Bee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Constables Headboroughs and Tithingmen so out of purse as aforesaid togeather with the Church wardens and Overseers of the Poore and other Inhabitants of the said Parish shall hereby have power and authority to make an indifferent Rate and to tax all the Occupiers of Lands and Inhabitants and all other persons chargeable by the Statute of the [Three and fourtieth *] of Elizabeth concerning the Office and Duty of Overseers for the Poore within the said Parish which Rate being confirmed under the Hands and Seales of any Two Justices of Peace as aforesaid the said Constable Headborough or Tithing men shall have power by warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two Justices of Peace to levy by distresse and Sale of the Goods of any person or persons refusing to pay the same rendring the Overplus to the Owner if any shall be

XIX.

Churchwardens,

See. may wire Goods and Chattels of putative Fathers and of Mothers deserting, to support Bastard Child.

And whereas the putative Fathers and lewd Mothers of Bastard Children run away out of the Parish and sometimes out of the County and leave the said Bastard Children upon the charge of the Parish where they are borne although such putative Father and Mother have Estates sufficient to discharge such Parish Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfoll for the Church wardens and Overseers for the Poore of such Parish where any Bastard Child shall be borne to take and seize so much of the Goods and Chattels and to receive so much of the annual rents or profits of the Lands of such putative Father or lewd Mother as shall be ordered by any Two Justices of Peace as aforesaid for or towards the Discharge of the Parish to be confirmed att the Sessions for the bringing up and providing for such Bastard Child And thereupon it shall be lawfoll for the Sessions to make an Order for the Church wardens or Overseers for the Poore of such Parish to dispose of the Goods by Sale or otherwise or so much of them for the purposes aforesaid as the Court shall thinke fitt and to receive the rents and proffitts or so much of them as shall be ordered by the Sessions as aforesaid of his or her Lands

XX.

In A&iont for executing Act, General Issue Treble Damages.

And if any person or persons shall bee sued for any matter or thing which he shall doe in execution of this Act he may plead the general issue and give the special matter in Evidence And if the Verdict shall passe for Xhe Defendant or if the Plaintiff bee nonsuited or discontinue his Suit the Defendant shall recover treble Damages.

XXI.

Recital that certain Counties are unable to reap the Benefit of 43 Eliz. c. 2.

Regulations for Choice of Overseers for Townships and Villages in such Counties.

Whereas the Inhabitants of the Counties of Lancashire Cheshire Derbyshire Yorkshire Northumberland the Bishoprick of Durham Cumberland and Westmerland and many other Counties in England and Wales by reason of the largenes of the Parishes within the same have not nor cannot reape the [ of the A & of Parliament

made in the three and fortieth yeare of the Reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth for releife of the Poore Therefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every the poore needy impotent and lame person and persons within every Township or Village within the severall Counties aforesaid shall from and after the passing of this A & be maintained kept provided for and sett on worke within the several and respective Towneship and Village wherein he shee or they shall inhabit or wherein he she or they was or were last lawfully setled according to the intent and meaning of this Act and that there shall be yearely chosen and appointed according to the rules and directions in the said A & of the three & fortieth yeare of Queene Elizabeth mentioned twoe or more

Overseers of the Poore within every of the said Townships or Villages who shall from time to time do performe [&4] execute all and every the ABts Powers and Authorities for the necessary releiffe of the Poore within the said Township or Village and shall lose forfeit and suffer all such paines and penalties for Non performance thereof as is limited mentioned and appointed in and by the said in-part-recited Act

1 0. omits.

«43th 0.

9 The Roil is illegible here. 4 interlined on the Roll.

14° Car. II. c. 12, 13.

405

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Justices of Peace within the said Counties shall hare and enjoye such and the like Powers & Authorities to raise and levy moneys and to do and execute all and every such other Act and thing whatsoever within every Township or Village within the said County where they are Justices as is given limited and appointed unto and for them to do and execute within any Parish or Parishes in and by the said Act made in the said three and fortieth yeare of the said late Queene Elizabeth under such and the like paines and penalties for the Non-performance of theire Duties to be levied and disposed of as is nominated and expressed in the said Act

XXII.

Pro two for the Power of Justices in such Counties to raise Money, &c. in such Townships sod Villages.

43 Elix. c. a.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for the Justices ^ XXIII.

J J ' Quarter Sessions

of Peace in any of the Counties of England and Wales in theire Quarter Sessions assembled or the major part of may transport

them to transport or cause to be transported such Rogues Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars as shall be duly convicted

and adjudged to be incorrigible to any of the English Plantacbns beyond the Seas

Provided alsoe That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to be or be construed expounded or taken to the prejudice or infringement of any the franchises rights liberties or priviledges heretofore granted by the Kings and Queenes of this Realme His Majesties Royal Predecessors to the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of S*. Peter in Westminster

XXIV. Proviso for Dean and Chapter of Westminster.

Provided alwaies That this Act as to all the matters therein contained (excepting what relates unto the Corporations mentioned and constituted thereby) shall extend and be in force untill the [nine and twentieth *] day of May One thousand six hundred sixty five and the end of the First Session of the next Parliam* then next ensuing and no longer

XXV. Continuance of Act except as to the aforesaid Corporations.

An Act

CHAPTER Xm.

the importa£6n of forreign Bonelace Cutt wofke Imbroidery Fringe Band-strings Buttons and &*.FmLi+C.IL

Needle worke. ^ *

"CT THERE AS great numbers of the Inhabitants of this Kingdome are imployed in the making of Bonelace V V Bandstrings Buttons Needle worke Fringe and Imbroideries who by theire industry and labour have attained and gained so great skill and dexterity in the making thereof that they make as good of all sorts thereof as is made in any forreign parts by reason whereof they have beene heretofore able to releive their poor Neighbors and maintained theire Families and alsoe enabled to sett on worke many poore Children and other persons who have very small meanes or maintenance of living other then by theire labours and endeavors in the said Art And whereas the persons so imployed in the said Mystery have heretofore served most parts of this Kingdome with Bonelace Bandstrings Buttons Needle-worke and Imbroidery And for the carrying on and managing of the said Trade they have procured great quantities of Thread and Silke to be brought into the Kingdome from forreign parts whereby his Majesties Customes and Revenues have beene much advanced until of late that great quantities of Forreigne Bonelace Bandstrings Needle worke Cut worke Fringe Silke Bonelace Buttons and Imbroidery were brought into this Kingdome by Foreigners and Inhabitants of this Kingdome and sold to Shop keepers & others Dealers in the said Comodity as well by Whole sale as Retail without ever entring of the same in any of His Majesties Custom-houses or paying any Duty or Custome for the same by meanes whereof the said Trade and Calling is of late very much decayed those imployed in the said Calling very much impoverished the Manufacture much decreased and great quantities thereof already made left on theire hands that make it His Majesty defrauded and deceived in His Customes and many thousand poore people formerly kept on worke in the said Art like to perish for want of imployment there being dayly great sums of money exported out of this Kingdome for the buying and fetching in of the said Comodity to the great impoverishment of the Nation by the consumption of the Bullion and Treasure thereof and contrary to several Statutes made in the First of King Richard the Third in the Third of King Edward the Fourth in the Nineteenth of King Henry the Seventh and the Fifth of Queene Elizabeth and to a late Proclamation made by His Majesty that now is dated the Twentieth day of November last for the putting the said Lawes in Execution For redresse whereof and prevention of the like mischeifs for the future and the better releife comfort and subsistence of those imployed in the said Art and Manufacture And for the quickning reviving explaining amending and more effectual execution of the said Statutes Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authority of the same That no person or persons whatsoever shall from and after the Twenty fourth day of June One thousand six hundred sixty two sell or cause to be sold or offer to sale within the Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales or export any Forreign Bonelace Cut worke Imbroidery Fringe Bandstrings Buttons or Needle worke made of Thread Silke or any or either [or*]] any of them in parts beyond the Seas or import bring in send or convey or cause to be brought in sent or conveyed into the Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales any such Forreigne Bonelace Cut worke Fringe Imbroidery Bandstrings Buttons or Needle worke made of Thread Silke or any or either of them beyond the Seas after the First day of May which shall be in the [said*] yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty

Recital that many of the Inhabitants of thia Kingdom are employed in making ot Bone Lace, Ac. and have thereby maintained themselves and Families, &c.

and that such Persons have heretofore procured great Quantities of Silk, Ac. to be imported, to the Benefit of the Revenue { but that of late great Quantities of foreign Bone Lace, Ac. nave been imported, and that great Mischiefs had resulted therefrom j

contrary to l R. III. c. 10.

3 E. IV. cc.3,4. 19 H. VII. c.ai.

5 Elia. c. 7.

and s Proclamation,

dated Nov. 10 last.

Reasons for passing this A 6t.

No Person to sell or offer to sale or export any foreign Bone Lace after Juoe24, 166s;

or import the same after May f, 1662.

5 L

14° Cab. II. c. 13, 14

A.D. 1662.

Selling or offering to tale,

Penalty £$o. and Forfeiture of the Goods. Importing,

Penalty jgioo. and Forfeiture of the Goods imported.

Forfeitures, how to be disposed of.

II.

Justices upon Information may issue Search Warrants.

m.

Limitation of Informations, See.

Rot, Pari. 14 C.1L /.I. nu. 7.

Recital of

12 Car. IL c. u.

13 Car. II. stat. i. c. 7.

13 Car. II. stat. 1. c. 3.

Recital of a pretended Act made in the Year 1649 5

and that by Reason of other pretended Acts Processes, &c. respecting Captures were had in the Court of Admiralty.

Reasons for passing this Act.

and two upon pain that all and every person or persons who shall sell or cause to be sold or offer to sale any such Forreigne Bonelace Cutt worke Imbroidery Fringe Bandstrings Buttons or Needle worke shall forfeit and loee for every offense by him committed contrary to this Act the sum of fifty pounds and the whole Bonelace Cutt worke Imbroidery Fringe Bandstrings Buttons or Needle-worke so sold or [jcause *] to be sold or offered to sale And upon further pain that all and every person or persons who shall import bring in send or convey or cause to be brought in sent or conveyed into this Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales any such Bonelace Cut worke Imbroidery Fringe Bandstrings Buttons or Needle worke shall forfeite and lose for every offence by him committed contrary to this Act the sum of One hundred pounds and the whole Bonelace Cut worke Imbroidery Fringe Bandstrings Buttons or Needle worke so imported brought in sent or conveyed or caused to be imported brought in sent or conveyed contrary to the forme and effect of this present Act as abovesaid the Moyeties of all which

Forfeitures to be to the use of our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majesty His Heires and Successors and the other

Moyety to him or them that shall sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts of Record by Bill Plaint Action

of Debt Information or other wise wherein no Essoign Protestion or Wager of Law shall be allowed at every

time and as often as any person shall be found to offend in selling importing conveying or bringing in as aforesaid

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the preventing of the importing of the Manufactures as aforesaid upon Complaint & Information given to the Justices of the Peace or any or either of them within theire respective Counties Cities and Towns Corporate at times reasonable he or they are hereby authorized and required to issue forth his or theire Warrants to the Constables of theire respective Counties Cities and Towns Corporate to enter and search for such Manufactures in the Shops being open or Warehouses and Dwelling houses of such person or persons as shall be suspected to have any such Forreign Bonelaces Imbroidery Cutt worke Fringe Bandstrings Buttons or Needle-work within theire respective Counties Cities and Towns-Corporate and to seise the same Any Act Statute or Ordinance to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it hereby enacted and declared That all Informations Actions and Suites that shall be commenced for any offence committed against this Law shall be brought and commenced within Twelve Moneths after the discovery of such offence Any former Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act directing the Prosecution of such as are accomptable for Prize Goods

WHEREAS in the Act of Free and General Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion made in the Twelfth yeare of Your Majesties Reigne and since confirmed by another Act intituled An Act for confirming Publique Acts made in the Thirteenth yeare of Your Majesties Reigne there is (amongst other excep£6ns excepted all and singuler the Accompts of all Prize Goods and of all moneys and other Duties growne due or contracted upon the sale or disposition of them or any of them By vertue whereof and of another Act made in the said Thirteenth yeare of Your Majesties Reigne intituled An Act for the declareing vesting and setling of all such Moneys Goods and other things in his Majesty which were received levied or collected in these late times and are remaining in the hands or possession of any Treasurers Receivers Collectors or others not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion, all and singuler Prizes and Ships and Goods whatsoever seised or taken for Prize (since the Thirtieth of January in the yeare One thousand six hundred forty two) by colour or pretence of any of the late ptended Authorities or by ptence or colour of any Power or Authority derived or pretended to be derived from or under them or any of them or otherwise for or upon any pretence of any publique use And all Captures and Seizures of Prizes and Tenths of Prizes to or under ptence of any publique use And all the moneys arising or due or contrafted for upon the sales and disposic&ns of them or any of them yet unpaid or unaccompted for in whose hands soever the same be or by whomsoever owing are rightly vested in Your Majesty And all the Buyers and Receivers and Injoyers thereof not haveing yet truly accompted for or paid for the same stand chargeable to Your Majesty Now for that as well by a pretended Act made in the yeare One thousand six hundred forty nine the Buyers of Ships and Goods taken or seised and sold for Prize were in case of any feiler of performing theire contract to be convented in the Court of Admiralty and in case they were condemned there to pay the money* by them contrafted for then the same to be levied by Execution of the said Court And for that by reason of other pretended Acts and Ordinances made in those times all the matters touching Prize and Captures and Seisures and Tenthes of Prizes were referred to the said Court of Admiralty and all the Processes Exhibites Writings Examinations Depositions Proceedings Passages Condemnations Sentences Decrees and Orders touching and concerning Prizes and Capture* and Seisures of Prizes and Tenthes of Prizes of what sort soever were had taken made and done in the said Court of Admiralty and do all or most of them there remain so that the said Court of Admiralty being thereof possessed and best acquainted therewith and with all the passages thereof it will be the readiest and quickest way for Your Majesty to sue for the same in that Court which being there sued for may probably amount to considerable sums of money May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual! and Temporal 1 and Commons

1 caused 0.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 14* 15.

407

in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same that .til and every Collectors & Ti Sob Collectors and Under Treasurers of Prize Goods Commissioners k Sub Commissioners of Prise Goods and all and every theire Casheires Officers Deputies and Receivers and ail and every Admirals Vice Admirals Captaines of Ships Officers and Mariners and all and every other person & persons whatsoever to whom such Prizes were delivered or to whose hands they came at any time since the said thirtieth of January One thousand six hundred forty and two and before the nine and twentieth of May One thousand six hundred and sixty or that did surprise or receive to or for the publike use or by pretence thereof any Ships Plate Jewels Bullion Money Silva: Gold Amies Ammunition Wares Merchandizes or any manner of Goods whatsoever seised or taken for Prize within the times aforesaid and that have not yet truly accompted for and paid in the same pr the just provenues and values thereof and all and every person and persons by whom or to or for whose use the same or any of them were sold or who had and enjoyed the same or any part thereof and are still behind and have not paid the moneys contracted for and arising or due upon such sales or any of them and all Securities by them or any of them given for theire just dealing in theire Offices or Places or any thing concerning the said Prizes or any of them shall be chargeable to your Majestie for the said pWsses and all the Dependencies thereof respectively in the said Court of Admiralty and shall and may be by Your Majesties Advocate and by such other of Your Majesties Council in that Court as your Majesty shall please particularly to nominate and committ that affaire unto And by special Warrant under your Sign Manual to appoint to sue for the same in Your Majesties Name and to and for Your Majesties use be sued and convened in the said Court of Admiralty and either called to accompt or otherwise by such Suit and in such manner as may be most available for Your Majestie be there proceeded against sued and prosecuted in due course according to theire respective cases for all and every the said Prizes Shipps Goods Moneys and Premisses received or had by them and still in arreare and wherewith they are as aforesaid chargeable And the said Court of Admiralty is hereby enabled and authorized to proceed thereupon according to the Lawes and course of that Court and to do and minister right [and1] justice therein with all things thereto requisite And to give sentences and final Decrees and Condemnations therein as by the rules of Justice ought to be and that in the most speedy manner and to put in execution and finally to execute and levy all and every sum and sums and whatever shall bee adjudged sentenced or condemned by and according to the rules and course of Executions in the said Court and that without any manner of Lett Disturbance Hinderance Obstruction or Impediment whatsoever that your Majesty may be for the same satisfied and paid according to right and justice

Provided alwaies and be it further hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That all such Rights as (during the Reigne of Your Majesties Royal Father of blessed Memory or Your Majesties Reign belonged and apperteyned unto the Lord High Admirall of England or Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the time being by vertue of the said Office and have been att any time since the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty eight usurped possessed or seised by any person or persons bodies Politique or Corporate and not having accompted for the same to any Authority or pretended Authority usurping the Govemm1. of this Nation and not pardoned by the Act of Oblivion that all such person or persons bodies Politick or Corporate shall account and pay the same to His Royall Highnes James Duke of Yorke Your Majesties only Brother Lord High Admiral of England or Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports upon Suit for the same in the High Court of Admiralty Any thing in this Act (the absence of the Lord High Admiral during these late Troubles or the persons not having been imployed or authorized by the said Lord High Admirall) to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

and other Ofictfi of Prise Goode received race Jan. 30, 16429 and before May 29, 16601

and that have not accounted for the

and all Securities by them may be sued and convened in the said Court of Admiralty.

The said Court authorized to proceed thereupon to Condemnation.

II.

Proviso reseeding Rights of the Lord High Admiral and Warden of Cinque Ports that have been usurped by any Persons.

Such Persons to account to the Duke of York, the Lord High Admiral.

111.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case of defect of Jurisdiction in the pro^ for Defect Court of Admiralty for the recovering and levying [of*] any such Prizes Goods matters and things aforesaid That of Jurisdiction in then in such case upon Certificate thereof from the said Court of Admiralty made unto His Majesties Court of ^Lnirality^ Exchequer speedy proceedings shall be had in the said Court of Exchequer for the recovering and levying of the Prizes Goods matters & things aforesaid according to Law and Justice.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act for regulating the Trade of Silk throwing.

WHEREAS the Company of Silke throwers within the City of London and Liberties and all theire Servants and Apprentices within foure Miles thereof were quinto Caroli primi incorporated and made one body politique and are knowne by the name of the Master Wardens Assistants and Commonaltie of the Trade Art or Mystery of Silke throwers of the City of London And whereas the said Trade is of singuler use and very advantageous to this Common wealth by imploying the Poore there being imployed by the said Company in and about the City of London (as is expressed in theire Petition) above Fourty thousand Men Women and Children who otherwise would unavoidably be burthensome to the places of theire aboade And whereas the present Govemours of the said Company by theire Petition pray an Enlargement of theire Charter whereby they may be the better enabled to avoid the many Deceipts and Inconveniences they dayly meet withall by Intruders who have not beene brought upp Apprentices to the said Trade and others who settle themselves beyond the limitts of [the*] said Charter on purpose to avoid? the Searches and Supervision of the said Govemours by which meanes they are att Liberty to make and vend what Wares

A*. Pari. 14 £.//• p. 1. mm, 8.

Recital of the Incorporate* of the Compaay of Silk Thrower*,

5 Car. I

and tb«t the aaid TraJb it of great U* 1

and that the Governor* of the said Company pray an Enlargement of their Charter, for the avoiding < Mischief* herein recited.

1 0. omits.

* interlined on the Roll.

* their 0.

408

14° Car. II. c. 15.

A.D. 1662.

No Person to exercise the Trade of a Silk Thrower but such at have •erred an Apprenticeship. Penalty 4ot« per Month.

II.

Every Person exercising the said Trade, or having served an Apprenticeship thereto, to be admitted, and to enter into the said Company.

Penalty.

m.

Constitutions of Company not to be contrary to Law or the Custom of London.

IV.

Master, Wardens, &c. to execute within London and Westminster all Grants, Powers, &c. given by this Act and the said Incorporation.

V.

Recital that Silk Throwers are often obliged to deliver Silk of mat Value to Winders, &c.

Winders, &c. purloining, fice. Silk delivered to them to wind, &c. or Persons receiving such Silk,

to be committed;

and to make Satisfaction to Party grieved.

VI.

Proviso as to Amount of Damages.

they please to the disparagement of the said Trade and discouraging of the Petitioners and all others of the said Trade that hare dudy served Apprentice thereunto according to the known Lawes of this Nation. For remedy whereof Bee it enacted by die Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authority of the same That from and after the twenty fifth day of December which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two no Person or Persons whatsoever shall directly or indirectiy use exercise continue or sett up the said Trade Art or Mystery of a Silk-thrower within this Realme of England unlesse such as are or shall be Apprentices to the said Trade or shall have served seven yeares Apprentiship thereunto att the least upon pain that every person so offending contrary to this Act shall pay forfeit and lose the sum of Forty shillings for every moneth the said person shall use or exerdse the said Trade the one moyety thereof to the use of his said Majestie his Heires and Successors and the other moyety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue for the same in any of the Courts of Record within this Realm of England or before any the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or the Justices of Peace att theire Quarter Sessions of the Peace by Action of debt Bill Plaint or Information or by any other lawfoli wayes or meanes whatsoever wherein no Protection Wager of Law or Essoigne shall be allowed

And for the better enabling of the said Master Wardens Assistants and Comonaltie of Silk-throwers and theire Successors in theire government Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons whatsoever now using or exercisetng as Masters the said Art Trade or Mystery or such as have served as Apprentices to the said Trade by the space of seaven yeares att the least within the said Cities of London and Westminster and the several suburbs thereof or within twenty miles compasse of them or either of them shall before the twenty fifth day of December which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two be admitted and are hereby enjoyned to enter themselves into the said Societie or Corporation and to performe and be subject and obedient to all such Statutes Lawes Orders Ordinances and Constitutions as are or shall be made or ordained for or concerning the Exercise Regulation or Government of the said Art Trade or Mystery or of any person or persons using or exerciseing the same upon pain of forfeiture of the sum of forty shillings for every month he or they shall use or exercise the said Trade after the said twenty fifth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty and twoe the one moiede. thereof to the use of his said Majesty His Heires and Successors and the other moyety thereof to such person and persons as shall sue for the same in any the Courts of Record within this Realme of England or before any the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or the Justices of Peace att theire Quarter Sessions of the Peace by Addon of Debt Bill Plaint or Information or by any other lawfoli waies or meanes whatsoever wherein no protection wager of Law or Essoigne shall be allowed

Provided that such Lawes Orders Ordinances & Constitutions so made or which shall be made be not contrary (') but agreeable with the Lawes and Statutes of this said Realm and the Customes of the said City of London

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Masters Wardens Assistants and Commonalty and theire successors shall and may have and enjoye and that it [shall & may be lawfoli to and for them from time time and att all times hereafter to do performe and execute within the said Cities of London and Westminster and the severall Suburbs thereof or within twenty miles compasse of them or either of them all such grants powers privQedges and authorities as by this present Act or in or by the said Letters Patents of Incorporation are given or granted or mentioned to be given or granted for or concerning the regulation exercise or government of the said Trade Art or Mystery or any matter or thing relating thereunto or of such person or persons as doe or shall exercise the same Any thing in the said Letters Patents or any Act Statute or other matter or thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And whereas there is a necessity lying upon the Silke throwers to deliver to theire Winders or Doublers considerable quantities of silke which being of a good value is by evil disposed persons many times unjustly deceitfully and falsly purloined imbezeled pawned sold and detained to the great damage and sometimes the utter undoing of the Thrower whoe employes the said persons Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every such silke winder and doubler who shall att any time hereafter unjustly or deceitfully and falsly purloyn imbezell pawn sell or detaine any part of silk delivered or to be delivered by any Silk thrower or other person to them or any of them to wind or double that in every such case and cases as well the Winder or Journey man so offending as the Buyer and Buyers Receiver and Receivers of such Silke being thereof lawfully convicted by confession of the party or parties so offending or by one Witnessupon Oath before one or more of the Justices of Peace of the County or Liberty where the same offence or offences shall be committed or if it be within any City or Towne Corporate before the Maior Bailiffe or cheiffe Officer of the said City or Town Corporate who by force of this Act are impowered and authorized to minister the same oath and finally to heare and determine all and every the offences aforesaid and to give and make to the party and parties greived such recompence and satisfaction for such theire damage and losse and charges thereabouts as by the said Justice or Justices or cheife Officers shall be ordered and appointed

Provided that no more damage be given or awarded then the party greived shall prove hee is damnified and hath expended in looking after the same And if the party or parties so offending shall not be able or sufficient to make recompense or satisfaction for the said Offence nor doe make Recompense or Satisfaction for the same Offence or Offences within fourteen dayes next after such conviction in such manner and forme as by the Justice or Justices

1 to 0. • interlined on the Roll.

14° Car. II. c. 15, 16.

409

or cheife Officers shall be ordered and appointed as aforesaid then the Party or Parties so offending for the first Offence shall be apprehended and whipped or sett in the Stocks in the place where the Offence is committed or in some Markett Towne in the said County neare unto the place where the Offence or Offences aforesaid shall be cfimitted as shall be Unfitted and appointed by the said Justice or Justices of the Peace or cheife Officers and for the second Offence to incur the like or such further punishment by whipping or being put in the Stocks as the said Justice or Justices of the Peace or cheife Officers shall in thieire discretion thinke fitt and convenient

And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid that all and every Receiver and Receivers Buyer and Buyers of any Silke or such as take to pawn any Silke imbezeled or purloyned contrary to the meaning of this Act (matter of Faff being proved) shall make satisfaction within the time aforesaid or else shall be subject to like Punishment as by this Alt is inflicted [or provided to be infli&ed1] upon such Person so imbezeling or purloyning any such Silke as aforesaid

Provided alwaies that it shall and may be lawfoll to and for any Freeman of the said Company of Silk-throwers to sett on work and imploy any Person or Persons being Native Subjects to His Majesty and no others whether they be Men Women or Children to turn the Mill tye Threads double Silke and wind Silke as formerly they have used to doe although such Person or Persons who shall be so sett on worke and imployed in the works and services aforesaid shall not have served or been bred up as Apprentices to the Trade of Silk throwing by the space of seven yeares and that all and every the said Person and Persons who shall be so sett on worke and imployed by any Freeman of the said Company in the workes and services aforesaid [shall & may be imployed by any Freeman of the said Company in the works & services aforesaid1 ] or any of them without any lett or molestation Any thing in this AS to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided and be it enacted that the said Corporation of Silk throwers shall not by vertue of this Act nor any thing therein contained make any Orders Ordinances or By-Lawes to sett any Rates or Prices whatsoever upon the Throwing of Silk to bind or inforce theire Members to worke att but that theire respective Members shall be left att Liberty to contract with theire respective Imployers and [also1 ] with the Persons that they imploy at such Rates as they and theire Imployers and the Persons imployed shall agree upon Any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual bringing those persons to accompt whose Accompts are excepted in

the Act of Oblivion.

BE it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That all and every person and persons who are accomptable to the Kings Majestie and theire Accompts are not pardoned but excepted by the late Ad of Free and General Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion and against whom there is any charge now remaining in His Majesties Exchequer and shall through theire default not perfect his or theire Accompt before the end of Trinity Terme in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two That then the Charge against all and every such person or persons shall be taken as a Debt by Writing Obligatory or Recognizance taken or acknowledged to the Kings Majesty according to the Statute of 33 H. 8. Chap. 39 And that all and every other person or persons whose Accounts are excepted in the said Act of Oblivion and have or shall have a Charge or Information against them in His Majesties Exchequer before the Foure and twentieth of June One thousand six hundred sixty and two and have or shall have notice thereof by Processe out of the Court of Exchequer or otherwise served upon his person or left att his house or last knowne place of Habitation before the Nine and twentieth of September One thousand six hundred sixty and two and shall not before the First day of Easter Terme then next ensuing perfect theire Accompts touching the said Charge that then the Charge against all and every such person or persons shall be taken as a Debt by Writing Obligatory or Recognizance taken and acknowledged to the Kings Majesty according to the Statute aforesaid and that in both the said Cases Proces shall be awarded as is used for recovery of Debts due to His Majesty according to the Statute [as *] aforesaid against him or them and against all and every theire Sureties not pardoned or discharged by the said Act of Oblivion and his and theire respective Lands Tenements Goods and Chattells and Debts and the said Charge to continue in force onely untill the Accompts shall be perfeded and the Accomptants discharge them thereof in due manner in the said Court of Exchequer with such allowances as are given by the said Act of Oblivion and untill payment made unto His Majestie of all feuch sums of Money as shall be found due upon the determina£6n of his or theire Accompts.

> interlined on the Roll.

at

5m

If Fnty offending* not able to mke Recompense within >4 D*7#l Firat Offence, Punishment j Second Offence, further Punishment.

VII. Receivers, 8tc. of such Silk to make Satisfaction, or to be punished.

VIII. Proviso for Freemen of the Company to employ Persons, for certain Purposes although they have not served Apprenticeships.

IX.

Corporation not to make Orders to bind Members from employing Persons at such Rates as they shall think fit.

Rai. Pori. 14 C.IL p. 3. mm. 1.

Accountants not pardooed by is Car. II. c. ii. not perfecting their Accounts before the End of Trinity Term 166a.

The Charge against them taken as a Debt, under 33 H. VIII. c.39.

Other Accountants who have Notice of a Charge in the Exchequer against them, before Sept. 29, 1662, and shall not perfect their Accounts before the 1st Day of Easter Term then next, taken in like manner to be Debtors to the Crown.

14° Car. II. c. 17, 18.

A.D. 1662.

CHAPTER XVE.

Rot. Parl. 14 C. II.

A 3* a.

Collector*, See. levying Monies under uf Ad of Pviiiment, &c. in Action brought amy plead the General Issue.

An Act for Releife of Collectors of Publick Moneys and theire Assistants and Deputies.

BE it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in Parliament now assembled and by Authority of the same That all Collectors and other persons who have levied or collected or shall levy or collect any sum or sums of money or other act done or shall doe in order to the same by vertue of any Act of Parliament now in force or of any other Act Order or Ordinance allowed to be put in execution by any such ASt of Parliament as aforesaid and who is or shall be sued for or concerning the same by any other then the Kings Majesty His Heires and Successors he and they may plead the General Issue and thereon give the special matter in evidence for his excuse and justification And that all and every person or persons already sued or impleaded for any the Causes aforesaid may notwithstanding any Plea or Demurrer already made by any such Defendant have liberty to change such his Plea and to plead the General Issue if he shall thinke fitt so to do

II.

A €t not to authorize levying Moniet pardoncaby 12 Car. II. c. 11.

Provided alwaies That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the levying or collecting of any sum or sums of money which are pardoned by the late Act endtuled An Act of Free and General Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion.

Rot. Parl. 14 C.II. A 3- 3-

Recital that Sheep Wool,&c.bave been exported contrary to Law, and that great Mischief has arisen therefrom.

Exporting Sheep, Wool, WoolfeUs, See. Fullers Earth, 3tc. or loading for

.Exportation.

Felony.

CHAPTER XVm.

An Act against exporting of Sheepe Wooll WoolfeUs Mortlings Shorlings Yam made of Wool Woolflocks Fullers

Earth Fulling Clay and Tobacco pipe Clay.

WHEREAS against the Lawes of this Kingdome great number of Sheep and great quantities of Wooll Woolfels Mortlings Shorlings Yam made of Wool Woolflocks Fullers Earth or Fulling Clay are secretly exported transported carried and conveyed out of the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweed and Kingdome of Ireland into the Kingdom of Scotland and into Forreigne parts to the great decay of the Woollen Manufactures the ruine of many Families and the destruction of the Navigation and Commerce of the Kingdoms Town and Dominion aforesaid which is like dayly to encrease if some further remedy be not provided and further pen dries imposed upon the Offenders therein. Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That if any person or persons shall from and after the First day of August One thousand six hundred sixty and two directly or indireCUy export transport carry or convey or shall cause to be exported transported carried or conveyed out of or from the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed or after the First day of January One thousand six hundred sixty and two out of the Kingdome of Ireland into any parts or places out of the Kingdomes or Dominion aforesaid or into the Kingdome of Scotland any Sheepe or Wool whatsoever of the breed or growth of the Kingdomes or Dominion aforesaid or any WoolfeUs Mortlings Shorlings Yarn made of Wool Wool flocks or any Fullers Earth or Fulling Clay whatsoever or shall directly or indirectly pack or load or cause to be packed or loaden upon any Horse Cart or other Carriage or shall load or lay on board or cause to be loaden or laid on board in any Ship or other Vessel in any place within the Kingdomes of England or Ireland Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid any such Sheep Wooll Woolfels Mortlings Shorlings Yam made of Wooll Woolflocks Fullers Earth or Fulling Clay to the intent or purpose to export transport carry or convey the same or to cause the same to bee exported transported carryed or conveyed out of the Kingdomes of England or Ireland the Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwicke upon Tweed aforesaid into the Kingdome of Scotland or into any Forreign parts that then every such Offence shall be adjudged Felony and the Offender or Offenders being duly convicted shall suffer and forfeit as in case of Felony

II.

Owners and Masters, &c. of Ships, Horses, &c. employed in such Exportation, and knowing thereof, and assisting

and all Factors, Servants, Customhouse Officers,

&c. assisting;

Felony.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every owner of any such Ship or other Vessell and every owner of every Horse Cart or Carriage upon which any Sheepe Wool Woolfels Mortlings Shorlings Yam made of Wool Woolflocks Fullers Earth or Fulling Clay shall be so exported transported carryed or conveyed as aforesaid or to any such intent or purpose as aforesaid knowing thereof and being wittingly and willingly ayding assisting or consenting thereunto and alsoe every Master and Mariner of or in such Shipp or other Vessell wherein any such Sheep Wool Woolfels Mortlings Shorlings Yarn made of Wool Woolflocks Fullers Earth or Fulling Clay shall be so exported transported carryed or conveyed or loaden or laid on board as aforesaid to any such intent or purpose as aforesaid knowing thereof and being wittingly and willingly aiding assisting or consenting thereunto and alsoe every Factor or Servant or other person whatsoever and every Customer Comptroller Waiter Searcher Surveyor or other Officer or Person whatsoever knowing thereof and being wittingly or willingly aiding assisting or consenting thereunto shall be and shall be adjudged and taken to be a Felon and every Offender or Offenders therein being duly convicted shall suffer and forfeit as in case of Felony

14° Cab. II. c. 18.

411

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every offence which shall be done or committed contrary to this Act shall and may be enquired of and heard examined tried and determined in the County where such Sheepe Wooll Woolfels Mortlings Shorlings Yarn made of Wooll Wool flocks Fullers Earth or Fulling Clay respectively shall be so packed loaden or laid on board as aforesaid or else in the County where such Offender shall happen to [be1] apprehended or arrested for such offence in such manner and form and to such effect to all intents and purposes as if the same offence had beene wholly done and committed in the same County

Provided alsoe that every Baron and other Peer of this Realm which shall be indicted or accused at principall or accessary in or to any offence made Felony by this Act shall have his her or theire Tryal by his her or theire Peeres as in cases of Felony att Common Law

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no person or persons whatsoever shall att any time hereafter be impeached for any offence made Felony by this Act unlesse such person or persons shall be thereof indicted within the space of one yeare next ensuing such offence committed

And for as much as great quantities of Wooll Woollen Yam and Wool flocks are close packed and pressed togeather with Scrues and other unlawfull Engines into Butts Pipes Hogsheads Chests and other Cask and Vesselk and into Sacks Baggs and other Wrappers made of Wool or Linnen and under colour of Bales Sacks Baggs Packs and Cask of other Goods and otherwise great quantities of the same are daily loaden on board of Ships or other Vessels and soe are carryed conveyed exported and transported out of the Kingdomes Town of Berwick and Dominion aforesaid and alsoe great quantities are daily carried and laid at or neere the Coasts of the Sea or some navigable Rivers into Storehouses and Barnes and by night are laid on board of Shallops and other Vessells belonging to Aliens and so carried and exported out of the Kingdomes Town of Berwick and Dominion aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the said First day of August no person or persons shall presse together with any Scrues Presses or other Engines into any Sacke Pack Bagg or other Wrapper or shall put presse pack or stean any Wooll whatsoever or any Yam made of Wooll into any Butt Pipe Hogshead Chest or any other Cask or Vessell upon any pretence whatsoever or shall carry or lay or cause to be carried or laid at or neare the Shoar or Coasts of the Sea or of any navigable River or into any House or Place near adjoyning thereunto any such Wooll Woolflocks or Yam made of Wooll with intention to export transport carry or convey the same out of the Kingdomes of England or Ireland Town of Berwick upon Twede or Dominion of Wales into the Kingdom of Scotland or into any foreign parts under the penalty of the losse and forfeiture of all such Wooll Woolflocks and Yam made of Wooll as shall be so packed or pressed or put or laid into Cask or carried or laid near to the Sea shoar or to any navigable River as aforesaid or the value thereof

And whereas great quantities of Fullers Earth or Fulling Clay is dayly carried and exported under the colour of Tobacco pipe Clay Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Tobacco pipe Clay shall from and after the First day of August One thousand six hundred sixty and two be exported transported carried or conveyed out of or from the Kingdome of England Town of Berwick upon Twede or [after the First day of January One thousand six hundred sixty and two out of or from the Kingdome of*] Ireland or the Dominion of Wales into the Kingdome of Scotland or into any forreign parts or into any port or place out of the Kingdomes or Dominion aforesaid under the penalty of three shillings for every pound of Tobacco pipe Clay which shall be exported or transported contrary to this Act.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the First day of August One thousand six hundred sixty and two no Packs Sacks Bags or Caske of • any Wooll Woolfels Mortlings Shorlings Yam made of Wooll Woolflocks Fullers Earth Fulling Clay or Tobacco pipe Clay shall be laid or loaden on any Horse Cart

or other Carriage whatsoever or shall be carried or conveyed by land to or from any place or places within the

Kingdom of England Town of Berwick or Dominion aforesaid nor after the First day of January One thousand six hundred sixty two in the Kingdome of Ireland but in the day time and att seasonable houres (that is to say) from and after the First day of March to the Nine & twentieth day of September yearely between the houres of Foure of the Clock in the Morning and Eight of the Clock in the Evening and from the Nine and twentieth day of September to the first day of March yearly between the houres of Seven of the Clocke in the Morning and Five of the Clock in the Evening under the penalty of the losse and forfeiture of all such Goods or the value thereof the one moiety of all which forfeitures mentioned in this Act to be to the use of the King His Heires and Successors and the other moyetie to him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any Court of Record in which no Essoign Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed

Provided neverthelesse That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to repeal disanul and make void any the Penalties Clauses or Provisoes mentioned in one Ad of this present Session

of Parliament made against the Transportation of Wooll Woolfels Fullers Earth or any kind of Scouring Earth or

to the prohibiting of the loading on board of any Ship or Vessel of any Weather Sheep Wooll Woolflocks or other Goods mendSned in this Act that by the aforesaid Act is permitted to be loaden on board of any Ship or Vessel for the necessary use or provision of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

111. Offence* to be inquired of in the County where Sheen Wool,

Ac. laden for Exportation, or where Offender shall be arrested.

IV.

Peer* offending to be tried by their Peer*.

V.

Limitation of Prosecution.

VL

Recital that Wool*, he. are packed with Screw* and other unlawful Engines, and then laden on board Ship a* other Good*; and iUo laid at or new the Sea Coast, fcc. and laden by Night on foreign Ship*. Persons so packing Wool, &c.

or laying it near the Sea Coast, See. with intent to export;

Wool, Ire. forfeited.

VII.

Exporting Tobacco Pipe CUy

Penalty js. per Pound.

VIII.

Packs of Wool not to be put into Carts, &c. or carried by Land, but in the Day-time,

at the Hours herein

mentioned.

on Forfeiture of the said Goods.

IX.

Proviso for the Penalties imposed, and also for the

•hipping Wether Sheep, Ac. under I a Car. II. 0.32.

412

14° Car. II. c. 18, 19.

A.D. 1662.

x.

Owners ind Mariners of $hips exporting Wool, &c. within Three Months after knowing thereof, giving Information to the Court of Exchequer,

on Oath of the Particulars of the said Goods; such Owners, &c. not punishable for Felony, but remain subject to Penalties. Exportation a common Nuisance.

Provided alwaies That if any Owner of any Ship or Vessel or any Master or Mariner knowing of such Transportation of such Sheep Wooll Woolfels Mortlings Shorlings Yam made of Wooll Woolflocks Fullers Earth Fulling Clay or Tobacco pipe Clay shall within three monthes next after the knowledge thereof or after, his retume into the Kingdom of England or Ireland or into the said Town of Berwick or Dominion of Wales aforesaid give the first information bona fide before any of the Barons of either of the Courts of the Exchequer in England or Ireland for the time being or before the Head Officer of any Port where he shall first arrive upon his or theire Oath of the number and quantity of the Goods mentioned in this Act so carried conveyed & transported and by whom where and in what Shipp or Vessell and afterwards shall be ready upon reasonable warning by Processe to justifie and prove the same that then such Owner or Owners Master Mariner and Mariners shall not be punished for Felony by vertue of this Act but shall neverthelesse be subject to all other penalties and forfeitures in this or any other Act contained for the Offence aforesaid and all such Exportation Transportation carrying or conveying of any the Goods Wares or Comodities in this Act mentioned is hereby declared and adjudged to be a common and publicke Nusance

XL

Justices of Assize, &tc. to inquire in Quarter Sessions as to all the Offences,

And for the better execution of this Act be it further enacted That all Justices of Assize Justices of Goal Delivery and Justices of Peace shall esquire of all the premisses in theire General Quarter Sessions and heare and determine the same and that all Maiors Bayliffs and other Head Officers of Cities Burroughs and Towns not having

and Mayors, &c. as Jurisdidaon to try Felony shall esquire of all and every Offence within this Act not made Felony and heare and to those not made ,

Felony. determine the same.

Rot. Parl. 14 C. //. P 3- «*• 4*

Recital of 3 E. IV. c. 4. $ 1. 39EIJZ. c. 14. § 1.

that many Poor People have been employed in the maxing of Wire and Wool Cards 5 that of late Foreign Card Wire and Wool Cards have been imported, and also that Persons have been engaged in making false Wool Cards;

and that great Inconveniences have thereby arisen.

Foreign Wool Cards or Card Wire, 3rc. not to be imported; nor false Wool Cards put to sale. Importing,

or making and putting to Sale raise Wool Cards; Penalty.

«.

Proviso for amending Wool Cards, or exporting overworn Wool Cards.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Act against importing of Foreign Wool cards Card wire or Iron wire.

WHEREAS by the Acts of Parliament made in the Third yeare of King Edward the Fourth and the Mine and thirtieth yeare of Queen Elizabeth and several other Statutes before that time made It is enacted (amongst other things therein contained) That no Cards for Wooll nor Iron thread (commonly called white Wire) shall be imported sent or conveyed into this Realm of England wherein the best Iron thread or Wire for making Wooll cards is made and by the said Manufacture of making and drawing of Wire and Woolcards very many poore people of this Kingdome and their Families have beene imployed and maintained and the Woolcards made thereof are of great concernment to this Kingdome for the good making of Woollen Cloth And whereas contrary to the said Statutes not onely much Foreigne Card Wire but alsoe Forreign Woolcards have been in these late times imported into this Kingdome and alsoe within the same many old Wool cards are by ill disposed persons (for their private lucre) bought up and the old Iron wire of the said old Woolcards (being very weake and insufficient for the well carding of Wooll) is put into new Leather and new Boards and so uttered and sold to ignorant people for new Wool cards to theire great detriment and the indamaging of their worke carding of Wooll and the Cloth made thereof By all which very great [Inconvendes *] have been found by experience of Clothiers in their making of English Cloth which is lately much debased and decayed and wherein this Nation is greatly concerned ter uphold and encourage the well making thereof in and by all wayes and meanes in any wise condudble

thereunto Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons assembled in Parliam1 and it (*) hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Forrdgn Wool cards or Forrdgn Card wire or Iron wire for making of Wool cards be imported into this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or any parts thereof nor used within the same nor any Card wire taken out of old Cards be from henceforth put into new Leather and new Card Boards nor any such Wooll cards made thereof be put to sale upon the paines penalties and forfeitures hereafter following (that is to say) Every person or persons who shall import or bring any Forreign Wooll cards or Foreign Card wire or Iron wire for making of Wooll cards into this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or any parts thereof or make any Wooll cards of any such old (J) wire as aforesaid or put the same to sale shall forfeit the said Wooll cards and Card wire or Iron wire for making Wool cards or the value thereof if the same be not seised the one halfe part thereof to the Kings Majesde and the other halfe part thereof to such person or persons who shall first seise or sue for

the same by Action of Debt Plaint Bill Information or Indictment in any of His Majesties Courts of Record att

Westminster or within the County City Burrough or Town Corporate where such Offence shall be committed wherein no Essoign Protestion Wager of Law or Injunction shall be allowed or admitted

Provided alwaies That this Act shall not extend to hinder the Owners of any Wool-cards to cause them to be amended for their owne use or to transport or sell (for Transportation onely) any their old Over worn Wool cards into any parts beyond the Seas out of his Majesties Dominions.

1 Inconveniences 0.

* is 0.

s Card 0.

A.D. 16G2.

14° Car. II. c. 20.

413

CHAPTER XX.

An Act for providing Carriage by Land and by Water for the use of Hia Majesties Navy and Ordnance*

WHEREAS by an A & endtuled An A0. for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in

vv Capite and by Knights Service and Purveyance and for setting a Revenue upon His Majestic in lieu thereof it was amongst other things enacted for the reasons and recompence therein expressed That from thence forth no Person or Persons by any Warrant Coraisaon or Authority under the Great Seal or otherwise by colour of buying or makeing provision or purveyance for His Majesty or any Queen of England for the time being or of any the Children of any King or Queen of England that shall be or for hii theire or any of theire Houshold shall take any Cart Carriage or other thing whatsoever of any of the Subjects of His Majesty His Heires or Successors without the free and foil consent of the Owner or Owners thereof had and obteined without Menace or Enforcement nor shall summon warn take use or require any of the said Subjects to furnish or find any Horses Oxen or other Cade Carts Ploughs Wayns or other Carriages for the use of His Majesty His Heires or Successors or of any Queen of England or of any Child or Children of any the Kings or Queenes of England for the time being for the carrying the Goods of His Majesty His Heires or Succesors or the said Queenes or Children or any of them without such foil and free consent as aforesaid Any Law Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding Be it notwithstanding enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this Psent Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That from and after the Foure and twentieth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two as often as the Service of His Majesties Navy or Ordnance shall require any Carriages by Land within the Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed upon notice given in writing by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Admiral of England for the time bring or under the Hands & Seals of twoe or more of the principal Officers or Commissioners of His Majesties Navy or under the Hand* and Seal of the Master of his Majesties Ordnance for the time being or under the Hand and Seale of the Lriutenant of his Majesties Ordnance for the providing of Carriages for the respective Service of the Navy or Ordnance unto two or more Justices of the Peace dwelling neere unto the place where the said Carriages shall be required the said Justices of the Peace may and shall immediately issue forth theire warrants to such of the adjacent Parishes Hundreds or Divisions as they shall judge fitt within theire respective Counties and Divisions not being above Twelve miles distant from the place of lading for the sending to a certaine place and att certaine times (to be specified and appointed in the said Warrants) such numbers of Carriages with Horses or Oxen sufficient for the said Service a* by the Lord High Admiral of England for the time being or by the Master or Lriutenant of His Majesties Ordnance for the time being or by the principal Officers or Commissioners of His Majesties Navy respectively as abovesaid shall be by writing under theire Hands and Seales required the Owners of which Carriages or theire Servants shall receive for every Load of Timber per Mile one shilling for every reputed Mile which they shall goe laden and for other Provisions the Sume of eight pence per Mile for every Tunn they shall carry

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it may and shall be lawfoll for the Lord High Admiral of England for the time bring by Warrant under his Hand and Seale and alsoe for the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesties Navy by Warrants under the Hands and Seales of any twoe or more of them as alsoe for the Master of His Majesties Ordnance for the time being by Warrant under his Hand and Seale and alsoe for the Lriutenant of his Majesties Ordnance by Warrants under the Hands and Seales of either of them as often as the Service of His Majesties Navy or Ordnance respectively shall require any Carriage by Water to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall judge fitting to impresse and take up such Shipps Hoys Lighters Boats or any other Vessel whatsoever as shall be necessary for the accommodation of His Majesties said Service the Owners of which said Ships Hoys Lighters Boats or other Water Carriage aforesaid or such as they shall appoint shall receive for the Hire of every such Shipp Hoy Lighter Boat or other Vessel per Tun according to the Rates usually paid by Merchants from time to time And in case His Majesties Officers and the Owners of such Shipps Hoys Lighters Boats or other Vessels shall not agree on the said rates then the rate to be setled by the Brotherhood of Trinity house of Deptford Strand.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case any of His Majesties Subjects of this Realme shall refuse or wilfully neglect alter reasonable notice to make theire appearance with such sufficient carriages by Land or to fitt provide and furnish their Shipps Hoys Lighters Boates or other Vessells for the Service of his Majesties Navy or Ordnance as is before expressed or shall after they shall have undertaken such Service neglect or delay the same that then upon due proofe and conviction of such refosall or neglect by the oath of the Constable or other Officer or twoe other credible witnesses before the said Justices of Peace of the County or Maior or .other chrife Officer of the City or Corporation where hee or they inhabit (which Oath they shall have power to administer) for the Land Carriages and for the Water Carriages by the Oath of such person as shall be appointed by the Lord High Admiral the principal Officers or Commissioners of his Majesties Navy the Master of His Majesties Ordnance or the Lriutenant of His Majesties Ordnance as aforesaid or other two credible witnesses before the principal Officers or Commissioners of His Majesties Navy or Master or Lriutenant of His Majesties Ordnance respectively (which Oath they shall have likewise power to administer) the party soe refusing or neglecting shall for every such refusal or neglect forfeit the sum of Twenty shillings for the Land Carriage and for Carriage by Water treble the freight of such Ship or Vessel not exceeding fifty pounds in the whole to the Kings Majestyes use to be forthwith levied in

Rn.Psrf. 14 c.//. M- ■»-5-Recital of 12Car.IL c. *4. f it, ij.

Carriage#, Hones, See. may be taken for the Service of the Navy or Ordnance on Notice to Two or more neighbouring Juaticeai

who shall isaue Warrants to Placet within Twelve Miles.

Rate of Recompense.

IX.

Admiralty, Commistaooert of the Navy, Master and Lieutenant of the Ordnance, may impress Ships, Hoys, See. for the Service.

Rates of Hire.

If not agreed, to be settled by Trinity House.

III.

Persons refusing to furnish Carriages, Ships, See. or after they have undertaken oegkding. See. the same j

on Convictiao by Oath of Officer or two other Witnesses;

Penalty;

jN

14° Car. II. c.20, 21.

A.D. 1662.

to be levied by Distress.

default of payment upon demand by distresse and sale of his Goods and Chattels by Warrant from the said Justices of the Peace Maior or other Cheife Officer or from the principal Officers or Commissioners of His Majesties Navy or Master or Leiutenant of His Majesties Ordnance respectively (rendring to the parties the Overplus upon every such Sale if there shall be any) the charge of distraining being first dedu&ed

IV.

Proviso nespecting Length of Journey and Continuance in Employment.

Provided alwaies that no Horses Oxen Cart Wayn or other Land Carriage shall be enforced to travel mote dayes Journey from the place where they receive theire lading or be compelled to continue longer in the imployment then shall be appointed by the Order of the said Justices of the Peace and that ready Payment shall bee made in hand for the said Carriages at the place of Lading without delay according to the aforesaid Rates.

V.

Justices or Persons appointed by Admiralty, &c. taking Gift to spare any Person, or charging Persons not liable, or impressing more Carnages than necessary.

Penalty j£io.

Persons not empowered impressing Carriages, Horses, Ships, kc. Punishment as by 12 Car. II. c. 24.

Provided alwaies that in case any Justice of the Peace Mayor Cheife Officer or Constable or any Person or Persons which shall be appointed by the Lord High Admirall the principal Officers or Commissioners of His Majesties Navy the Master of His Majesties Ordnance or the Leiutenant of His Majesties Ordnance as aforesaid respectively shall take any gift or reward to spare any persofi or persons from making such Carriage by Land or by Water or shall injuriously charge or greive any person or persons through envy hatred or evil will who ought not to make such carriage or shall impresse more carriages then the necessity of the service shall require or then he shall be commanded to impresse by his Superiours that then upon due proofe and conviction thereof the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of Ten pounds to the party thereby greived who may sue for the same to be recovered by Action of debt in any of his Majesties Courts of Record wherein no Essoign Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed And in case any person or persons shall presume to take upon him or them to impresse any Horses Oxen Waynes or Carriages for Land or any Ships Hoys Lighters Boates or other Vessel for the service of his Majesties Navy or Ordnance other then the persons so impowered as aforesaid then he or they so offending shall upon due conviction of the said Offence incur and suffer the punishment in the first recited A&

VI.

Certain Ships, Hoyt, kc. not

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That no Ship Hoy Barque or any other Vessel whatsoever that shall be really and bona fide [fraighted1] by Charter party if there be other Vessels in the Port fitting for the Service nor any Vessel quarter laden with any Goods Wares or Merchandizes outward bound shall be liable to bee impressed for any the Services aforesaid Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

VII.

Continuance of Act.

Provided That this Act and the powers therein contained shall continue and be [in*] force untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament and no longer Any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

VIII. Proviso for extra Allowance for Carriage ofTimber within the Division of the New Forest.

Provided neverthelesse That in regard of the more then ordinary charge and burden [with3] the Inhabitants of the New Forest in the County of Southampton will be liable unto by reason of the great quantities of Timber usually felled and carried thence for the use of his Majesties Navy It shall and may be lawfiill for the Justices of the Peace who shall by Warrant summon the Carts and Carriages within the division of the New Forest in the County of Southampton aforesaid to have power (as to the Carriage of Timber only) to allow as aforesaid to the several Owners of such Carts and Carriages not exceeding Foure pence per mile for so many miles as any Cart or Carriage so summoned shall go empty to the place of its lading Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Rot. Parl. 14 C. //. p. 3. nu. 6.

Recital that by reaion of Charges at Assises, kc. the Office of Sheriff hath of late become very burthensome.

Regulation respeaing Tables

to De kept by Sheriffs during the Assises.

Sheriffs not to make Presents to the Judges for their Provison, nor to their Servants. Number of SheriiPs Servants.

CHAPTER XXL

An Act for preventing the unnecessary charge of Sheriffes and for ease in passing theire Accompts.

\\ THERE AS the Office of Sheriff as well by reason of the great and unnecessary charges in the time of TV Assises and other publique meetings as by the tedious attendance and charge of Sheriffes in passing of theire accompts in the Exchequer hath of late yeares been very burthensom to the Gentry of this Your Realm who in the late times of Tyranny and Oppression have been great Sufferers and thereby much impoverished in theire Estates and Fortunes For remedy wherein Your Majesties most Loyal Subjects the Knights Citizens and Burgesses assembled in Parliament do most humbly beseech Your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be declared and enacted And be it declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That no person or persons being duely swome into the Office of Sheriff for any County or Shire within this Your Majesties Realm shall from and after the First day of February next ensuing in the time of the Assises held for the said County or Shire during his or theire Sherifalty keepe or maintaine or cause to be kept or maintained one or more Table or Tables for Receipt or Entertainment of any person or persons resorting to the said Assises other then those that shall bee of his owne Family or Retinue nor shall make or send in any Present to any Judge or Judges of Assise for his or theire provision nor give any gratuity to his or theire Officers or Servants or any of them And alsoe that no Sheriffe shall after the [said4] First day of February have more then Forty Men servants with Liveries attending upon him in the time of the said Assises nor under

AJ)A6QZ.

14° Cae. II. c. 21

415

die number of Twenty Men servants in any County whatsoever within the Kingdom of England nor under the number of Twelve Men servants in any County within the Dominion of Wiles upon pb that every Sheriffe

offending in any of the Pmi$9es contrary to the true meaning hereof shall forfeit for every default the sum of

two hundred pounds

Provided that nothing before in this Act contained shall in any wise extend unto or any wayes concern the Sheriffs of the Citty of London and Middlesex and the Sheriff of Westmerland or either of them or any of the Sheriffs of or belonging to any Citty and County or Town and County within this Realm but that the same Sheriff or Sheriffs shall or may [doe1] as heretofore hath been used or accustomed within the said County of Middlesex and Cities of London and Westminster and such other Cities and Counties or Towns and Counties aforesaid Any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

And to the end that Sheriffs may for the time future be eased of the great charge and trouble which they heretofore have been put to in passing theire Accounts in the Exchequer occasioned partly in regard that divers sums of money have stood charged upon them in grosse without expressing from what persons for what cause or

out of what lands or tenements the same are to be particularly levied or out of what particulars the said sums

in grosse doe arise (whereby it cometh to passe that the said Sheriffs doe still stand charged in grosse with divers somes of money which were heretofore payable by Abbotts Priors persons attainted and such other persons whose Estates have since come to* the Crowne or are otherwise discharged or illeviable) and partly by the Accompt of Seizures or Forreign Accompt and by the exa&ion of undue Fees of Sheriffs upon theire apposal concerning the same For the parenting whereof and for the future ease of Sheriffs in passing theire Accompts Be it enacted and declared That froin hence forth every Seizure for or concerning any Lands Tenements and Hereditaments now remaining charged in the forreign accompt of any Sheriff or Sheriffs within the Kingdome of England for the yeare ended att Michaelmas One thousand six hundred and sixty shall be from the said foreign accompt charged particularly in the Great Roll of the Exchequer And that the several Remembrancers of the said Court or theire respective Deputies doe in theire respective Offices forthwith and soe from time to time for the future write and make true and perfect Copies of all and every such other Seizure and Inquisicftn as already are or hereafter shall be certified into theire respective Offices without certifying the Copy of the Writ or Commission att large upon which such Seizure or Inquisition is or shall be so taken or returned mentioning only in breife the Date of the said Writt or Commission and shall deliver the same Copies well and truly examined and attested under his or theire Hands to the Engrosser of the said Great Roll And that all such of the said Seizures and Inquisitions as now are returned into any of theire respective Offices shall be delivered before the First day of February next coming And that all such other Seizures as shall hereafter be returned or certified into theire respective Offices shall be delivered 30 examined and attested as aforesaid to the said Engrosser before the first day of the next Terme after the said Remembrancers shall have received the same so as the same may be charged in the Great Roll to the end that the Processe of the Court may from thence issue for levying the Issues and Profits thereof to the use of the Crowne unto which said Remembrancers or theire Deputies shall be from time to time paid for every Sheet which they or theire respective Clerks shall so write and deliver the sum of eight pence the same to be paid unto them by the aforesaid respective Sheriffes who shall bee allowed the same by the Barons upon theire respective Accompts out of the Issues and Profits arising out of the ^misses so seized and no Sheriff or Sheriffs for this present Yeare One thousand six hundred sixty and one nor any Sheriff or Sheriffs to be hereafter made or appointed within this Kingdome of England shall be charged in accompt to answeare any illeviable Seizure Farm Rent or Debt or other Seizure Farme Rent Debt Matter or Thing whatsoever which was not writ in Processe to him or them to be levied wherein the persons of whom or the Lands or Tenements out of which togeather with the cause for which the same shall be soe levied shall be plainly and particularly expressed but shall be thereof wholly discharged without Peticftn Plea or other trouble or charge whatsoever

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That all Seizures heretofore made before the First Yeare of the Reigne of the late King James of every blessed memory now remaining in the Accompts of Sheriffs and all Seizures and Debts which are pardoned shall be and are hereby fully discharged And that the same and every of them shall hereafter be left out of Sheriffs Accompts without further Order Plea Peticbn or other Charge to any Sheriff or Sheriffs whatsoever And that no Process shall from hence forth be written forth to any Sheriff for the levying of the same or any of them nor for any other Rent or Farm which cannot be explained by setting forth the particulars thereof or which hath been unanswered by the space of forty yeares last past And that all other dead Farmes and Seizures and all desperate illeviable and [unintelligible Debts shall be removed out of the Annual Roll and Sheriffs charge into the Exanual Roll there to remaine untill by Commission they shall be revived and made answerable

Penalty j£soo»

II.

Proviso for Sheriffs of London, Westmorland, and of Cities and Towns.

III.

Recital of Causes of Hardships on Sheriffs in passing their Accounts.

Seizures concerning Linds, See. remaining charged in Foreign Accounts for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1660 charged in the great Roll in the Exchequer. Remembrancers to make Copies of other Seizures, to be delivered to the Engrosser of the great Roll.

Seizures already returned to be delivered before 1st Feb. next; other Seizures before the lit Day of the next Term after received by Remembrancer.

Fee to

Remembrancer, Deputy, and Clerks.

No Sheriff to be charged foriHeviable Seizure, See.

IV. Seizures made before Jac. I. and Seizures pardoned discharged.

No Process to issue in respect thereof.

All other dead Farms, &c. to be removed out of the annual into the exannual Roll.

And to the end that all new Debts arising and coming into the Exchequer for the future may be sent forth in Process within convenient time Be it alsoe enacted and declared That the aforesaid several Remembrancers do forthwith broil and certifie to the said Ingrosser of the Great Roll all such Debts as any Sheriff or Sheriffs of this Realm are or hereafter shall be charged withall either by vertue of theire respective Returns made to the Barons of the said Exchequer upon His Ma.,te* Writs of Fieri facias Levari facias Capias or other Processe and alsoe of all Fbes and Amerciaments which are or shall be sett and imposed by the Court of Exchequer upon any Sheriff or Sheriffs for his or their contempts or neglects (that is to say) That all and every such Debts Fines and

V.

Remembrancers to enrol and certify to the Engrosser of the Great Roll Debts charged on Sheriffs, Fines, See.

416

14° Car. II. c. 21.

A.D. 166&

a

Such u are now Amerciaments as now are returned set or imposed in any of the said Offices shall be delivered as aforesaid before

delivered before the First day of February next ensuing And all such Debts Fines and Amerciaments as shall hereafter be returned

thoMtob^hmaster 881 or ^P08^ m *7 °f the respective Offices shall be alsoe delivered by the First day of the next Term after

returned the sint such Retorns made of such Fines or Amerciaments so set or imposed that so they may be all charged in the

Term°after°CXt Sheriffs Accompts respectively and comprehended within his or theire Quietus est upon pain that every Officer or Return made. Officers in the said Exchequer who shall in any thing offend contrary to this p*sent Ad shall forfeit the sum of

Penalty £+o. Forty pounds for every such offence whereof (1) one moyety shall be to the King His Heires and Successors and the

other moyety to the party or parties who shall be thereby agreived to be recovered by A3ion of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majesties Courts at Westminster wherein no Essoyne Protection Priviledge or Wager of Law shall be allowed or admitted

VI. Qualification of Sheriff.

And it is hereby further provided and ordained That no person shall be assigned to be Sheriff of any County within this Realm except such as have Lands within the same County sufficient to answer the King and his People

VII.

2 ( Jac. I. c. 5.

And whereas by an Act made in the One and twentieth yeare of the Reigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King James over England it was provided that whensoever any Sheriff upon passing his Accompts should have his Quietus est that he should be thereby absolutely discharged of all sums of Money by him levied and received and pretended not to be accompted for within the said Accompt whereupon he had his Quietus est unlesse such Sheriff should be called in question for such sums of Money so ptended to be levied and not accompted for

Recital that Sheriff* hare been troubled after their Quietu* ett.

Limitation of Time for calling on Sheriff after Quietu* est.

Officer* suffering Proce* to the contrary.

Penalty a* by 21 Jac. I. c. 5.

within Four yeares after the time of such Accompt and Quietus est Which Ad notwithstanding divers Sheriffs and theire Heires upon such fPtences have beene molested and troubled many yeares after theire Accompts and Quietus est and have had Process sent out against them contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said A3 It is hereby further provided and enacted That when any Sheriff or Sheriffs within the Kingdom of England or Dominion of Wales upon passing their Accompts shall have theire Quietus est that then such Sheriff and Sheriffs their Heires Executors and Administrators Lands Tenements Goods and Chattells shall be thereby absolutely discharged of all manner of sum or sums of Money whatsoever by them levied and received notwithstanding any such pretence that the same were not accompted for or other pretence whatsoever unless such Sheriff or Sheriffs shall be called in question and that Judgment shall be given against him or them for the same within Four yeares next after such Accompt or Quietus est and that every Officer or Minister by whom or by whose default any Writt or Process contrary to this Act shall be sent out shall incur the like Forfeitures and Penalties to be recovered and inflicted by such persons and in such manner as by the aforesaid A 3 is provided

VIII. Proviso for Counties Palatine.

Provided alwaies That this A3 or any thing therein contained shall not extend to the Counties of Chester Lancaster Durham or the Counties in Wales being County Palatines as to theire manner of accompdng but that the Sheriffes therein shall accompt as formerly before the respective Auditors onely and not elsewhere

IX. Proriao a* to what Inquisitions, Seizures, See. are to be transcribed and delivered by Remembrancers to the Engrossers of the Great Roll; and for Process on Debtors to the Crown 5

and for the Pleadings heretofore used in the said Office.

Act not to stay, compound, &c. Process for Debts charged by the Great Roll, except by Order, 8cc.

If Debt, &c. not levied upon Process of Summons of the Pipe, Clerk of the Pipe, &c. to certify into the Remembrancer's Office.

Proviso for

Remembrancer's

Fees,

X.

Continuance of A&.

Provided That this A3 or any thing therein contained shall not extend to enjoyn His Majesties Remembrancer or the Lord Treasurers Remembrancer to transcribe and deliver to the Ingrosser of the Great Roll any Inquisitions or Seisures but such as have beene formerly charged in the Foreign Accompts of the Sheriffs but for all Inquisitions upon Attainders or other Forfeitures to the Crown the same shall be put in charge as heretofore they .have been according to the constant Usage and Decree of the Court of Exchequer nor shall this A3 or any thing therein contained extend to exclude His Majesties said Remembrancer of or from the writing forth Processe for or upon any His Majesties Debts Duties Outlawries or other charge whatsoever or Process of Levari facias att the prosecution of any person or persons to levy the Issues or Proffits of any Lands or Tenements seised or to be seised into the Kings hands or Process of Venditioni exponas for Goods seised or to be seised upon any Debt to His Majesty His Heires or Successors or upon any Outlawry or to alter or change the Pleadings or other Proceedings heretofore used and accustomed in the said Office upon any Pleadings touching the said Debts Duties and Seizures or any of them whatsoever And that no Debt Duty Fine Amerciament or Seisure whatsoever which shall be charged in the said Great Roll of the Pipe upon any person whatsoever by or from any Record Process or Proceeding had made filed or recorded’ in the Office of His Majesties Remembrancer of His Exchequer nor any Process or Proceeding thereupon to be had or made by vertue of this Act shall be respited stayed mitigated extenuated compounded or otherwise discharged but by Order Warrant or Judgment made filed or entered in the said Office of His Majesties Remembrancer where the original of such Debt Duty or Charge as aforesaid is and remaineth And that in case any Processe of Summons of the Pipe have beene or shall be awarded for or upon any such Debt Duty Fine Amerciament or Seisure whatsoever and the same Debt Duty Fine Amerciament or Seisure shall not upon such Summons of the Pipe be levied or answered unto His Majesty that then the Clerke of the Pipe or Engrosser of the Great Roll shall the next Terme after the return of such Summons certifie the same in a Schedule into the Office of His Majesties Remembrancer aforesaid to the end that further Process may be from thence written forth for the levying and answering thereof And that this A3 or any thing therein contained shall not extend unto nor be construed to be prejudicial to His Majesties Remembrancer in His Exchequer in any just ancient and lawfull Fees by him claimed or belonging or incident to his Office and usually had and received by him or his Predecessors Any thing in this A3 contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

This A3 to continue to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament and no longer.

• the 0.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c.22.

417

CHAPTER XXII.

An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England

*XWHEREAS a great number of lewd disorderly and lawlesse persons being Theives and Robbers who are

vT comonly called Moss Troopers have successively for many and sundry yeares last past been bred resided in and frequented the borders of the two respective Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland and the next adjacent parts of Scotland and they taking the opportunity of the large Waste Grounds Heaths & Mosses and the many intricate and dangerous Ways and By paths in those parts do usually after the most notorious crimes committed by them escape over from the one Kingdome [into1] the other respectively and so avoid the hand of Justice in regard the Offences done and perpetrated in the one Kingdome cannot be punished in the other. And whereas since the time of the late unhappy distraftions such Offences and Offenders as aforesaid have exceedingly more increased and abounded and the several Inhabitants of the said respective Counties have been for divers years last past necessitated att theire owne free and voluntary charge to maintain several Parties of Horse for the necessary defence of theire Persons Families and Goods and to the end the aforesaid evill and pernitious members might be apprehended and brought to Judgement And whereas the most part of the Inhabitants of the said Counties being more remote from the borders then other parts and consequently not soe much exposed to imminent [dangers1] as others are therefore unwilling to contribute theire proportionable parts of the aforesaid Charge and yet notwithstanding it cannot probably or possibly be avoided but that those Inhabitants of the respective Counties who hold themselves most secure must certainly sustain much damage and detriment in theire Goods and Estates in case the aforesaid Mosse Troopers be not timely suppressed but suffered to growe numerous strong and potent which they must needs doe in case there be no restraint upon them Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestic by and with the advise and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authority thereof that from and after the Feast of S*. Michael the Archangell which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two for and during the terme of Five yeares next ensuing the date of this present Act it shall and may be lawfull for the respective Justices of Peace of the said respective Counties or the major part of them at any General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Counties respectively on the behalfe of the said Counties or either of them from time to time as they shall see occasion to make an Order in open Court of Sessions for charging according to theire several ^portions all and every the several Inhabitants of the said respective Counties for the safeguard and securing of the said several Counties and Inhabitants thereof from all injury violence spoil and rapine of the Mosse troopers aforesaid

Provided That the said County of Northumberland be not by force of this Act at any time charged above the sum of Five hundred pounds in the yeare nor the said County of Cumberland charged above the sum of Two hundred pounds in the yeare And for this end and purpose the said several Justices of Peace of the respective Counties aforesaid are hereby impowered and authorized at any theire General Quarter Sessions aforesaid to appoint and imploy from time to time if occasion require any person or persons to have the Conduct and Command of a certaine number of men not exceeding the number of Thirty men in the County of Northumberland and Twelve in the County of Cumberland whereby the Malefactors aforesaid may be searched out discovered pursued apprehended and brought to tryal of the Law And all and every the said Justices of Peace of the respective Counties aforesaid or the major part of them at any General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Counties [of3 ] either of them respectively are hereby further impowered and authorized by force of this present Act to make and issue forth theire respective Warrants under theire hands for the levying and collecting any sum or sums of money ordered to be paid for and towards the Safeguard and securing of the said Counties respectively as aforesaid and to give full power to the several Constables and other Officers to raise levy and collect the said money and all and every the Inhabitants of the said several Counties according to theire respective proportionable Estates in Lands or Goods by Distresse and Sale of Goods rendring the overplus if there be any to the respective owner or owners And the said Justices of [the4] Peace in the said several Counties or any one of them respectively are hereby alsoe authorized to examine any Complaint made against the Collectors and Constables or any other Officers or Ministers of Justice whatsoever or any of them or any other refractory person or persons whatsoever that at any time hereafter shall refuse neglect or fail to give obedience to this Act or shall doe any act or acts in disturbance or obstruction thereof and to bind over such person or persons to the next Quarter Sessions according to the knowne Laws of the Land to the end such person or persons may be proceeded withall according to Justice

And the said respective Justices of Peace as aforesaid are hereby further impowered and authorized on behalfe of the said several Counties respectively to appoint a Treasurer to receive from the said Collectors the moneys by them collected and to pay over the same according to the Orders they shall receive from the said Justices at the General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said respective Counties And the said Justices are alsoe impowered to agree and article with such person or persons yearely as they shall thinke fitt to imploy in the said Service and to take sufficient Security of them for the faithfull and most effectual performance thereof for the best safeguard advantage and benefit of the people according to the true intent and meaning of this Act

And in case any person or persons shall in pursuance of this Act be imployed in the Border Service and shall att any time hereafter wilfully and corruptly or for any sinister respect whatsoever neglect or forbeare to discover or apprehend or to bring to tryall any of the said persons called Moss Troopers as aforesaid and shall be convicted

Rot. Parl. 14 C. //. p. v mu. 7.

Rccittl that Mott Trooper* have for many Year* past frequented the Northern Borders, and escape from one Kingdom into the other to avoid Justice;

that the Inhabitants of the Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland have been obliged to maintain Parties of Horse for their Defence ; and that the Inhabitants remote from the Borders have been unwilling to contribute thereto.

From Michaelmas 1662, for 5 Years, Justices in Sessions may make Order for charging the Inhabitants for the Safeguard of the said Counties.

U.

The Amount above which the said Counties are not to be charged. Quarter Sessions may appoint Persons to have the Command of a certain Number of Men; and may issue Warrants for levying Money for the Safeguard of the said Counties

may be levied by Distress.

Justices may hear Complaints against Persons refusing to obey this Act;

and may bind over such Persons.

in.

Justices may appoint Treasurers, to receive such Monies;

and piay agree with Persons to be employed in the said Service.

IV.

Persons employed in the Border Service corruptly forbearing to

1 unto 0.

- danger 0.

5 or 0.

4 0. omits.

50

14° Car. II. c. 22, 23.

A.D. 1662.

discorer or apprehend Offenders; Disability. Imprisonment.

V.

Justices may moderate Charge.

VI.

Continuance of A 6t.

VII.

4 Jac. I. c. i.

7 Jac. I. c. I. retired.

Rot. Parl. 14 C. If. p. 3. tut, 8.

Recital of 43 Eliz. c. ia. § i J

§3-

Recital that there cannot be a Court without Fire Commissioners, and that no Proceedings can be without a Court.

Recital of 43 Eliz. c. 12. § 4.

whereby Delay arises;

and that Commissioners hare no Power to make Order against Ship or Goods.

Lord Chancellor, Ac. may, when requisite, issue out a Standing Commission.

Commissioners' Power;

may summon Parties and Witnesses;

gaasaasg

thereof according to Law he or they shall from thenceforth be disabled and made uncapable for ever after to manage or take upon him or them the said Imployment and to suffer such Fine and Imprisonment according to the quality of his or theire offence as the Justices of Peace att theire General Sessions shall thinke fitt to inflict

Provided neverthelesse and be it hereby declared That it shall be lawfull for the Justices of Peace of either of the said Counties as aforesaid respectively at any time hereafter to moderate or lessen the said Charge if they see cause

Provided that this Act shall continue and be in force for Five yeares and no longer.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by Authority aforesaid That for better suppression and punishment of the said Moss Troopers flying out of England into Scodand or out of Scodand into England the Statutes made in the several Sessions of Parliam1 in the Fourth and Seventh yeares of King James shall be revived and put in execution according to theire true intent.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Addic6nal Act concerning matters of Assurance used amongst Merchants.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Three and fortieth yeare of the Reigne of Queen Elizabeth of happy memory entituled An Act concerning matters of Assurances used amongst Merchants The Parliament then taking into Consideration by all good meanes to comfort and encourage the Merchants of this Kingdome thereby to advance and increase the Wealth of this Realme her Majesties Customes and the strength of Shipping and for preventing of diverse mischeifs in the said Act mentioned It was enacted That it should and might be lawfull for the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being to award forth under the Great Seale of England one generall or standing Commission to be renewed yea rely at the least and otherwise so often as unto the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper should seem meet for the hearing and [determing *] of Causes arising on Policies of Assurance such as then were or then after should be entred within the Office of Assurance of the City of London which Commissions should be [erefted1] to the Judge of the Admiralty for the time being the Recorder of London for the time being Two Doctors of the Civil Law Two Common Lawyers and eight grave or discreet Merchants or any five of them which Commissioners or the greater part of them which should sit and meet should have full Power and Authority to heare examine order and decree all and every such Cause and Causes in a breife and sumary course without formalities of pleadings or proceedings with power to warn parties to come before them and to examine upon Oath any Witnesses that should be produced and to commit to Prison any person that should wilfully disobey theire final Orders and Decrees And the Commissions to sit once weekely upon the Execution of the said Commission with a liberty in the said Act for any person greived by any such Sentence or Decree to exhibite his Bill in Chancery for the reexamination of such Sentence or Decree As by the said Act relation being thereunto had more at large may appeare But forasmuch as by the said recited Act without five C5missioners there cannot be a Court and without there be a Court they cannot proceed in the Execution of theire Commission so much as to summon Parties or Witnesses to appeare And in case of neglect or refusal of any Party or Witnesse to appeare they have no power to punish the delay or contempt with Costs or otherwise And it is provided by the said Act that not any Commissioner other then the Judge of the Admiralty or the Recorder of London shall proceed in the Execution of such Commission before hee hath taken his Oath before the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen to proceed uprightly and indifferently betweene party and party which upon the renewing of the said Commissions often proves a great delay there being so many Commissioners to be sworn and the Court of Aldermen not sitting at some times in the yeare when the said Commissions have hapened to be renewed And although the said Commissioners upon theire final Sentence have power to commit to Prison any person that shall wilfully disobey theire said Sentences or Decrees yet they have no power to make any Order against the Ship or Goods which comonly are the things assured by which Omissions or want of Power given by the said Act the benefits intended by the said Act of Parliament are much retarded and the mischeifs by the Act endeavored to be prevented much increased For remedy whereof Be it enacted and ordained [& it is hereby enacted and ordained1] by the Kings most Excellent Majesty and by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled That from and after the foure and twentieth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being to issue out yearely (or oftner if need require) one standing Commission under the Great Seale of England thereby impowering and authorizing the said Commissioners or any three of them (whereof a Doctor of the Civil Law or a Barrister at Law of Five yeares standing at the least to be alwaies one) to meet and sit and make a Court and proceed in all things in the Execution of the said Commission as before by the said Act any Five might have done And that the said Commissioners or any such three of them as aforesaid be and hereby are impowered to summon Parties and Witnesses to appeare and in Case of Contempt or wilfull delay in the Witnesses upon the first Summons and tender of reasonable Charges and in the Parties upon theire second Summons to punish the

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c.23, 24.

419

Offenders by Imprisonment or Costs for such time and in such manner as shall be reasonable and according to the *nd punish such at nature and quality of theire Offences And that it shall and may be lawfull to and for every such Commissioner re*u,e 0bwiie,cc* to proceed in the Execution of the said Commission having first taken an Oath before the Lord Maior of the City Commissioners to of London for the time being only to proceed uprightly and indifferently betweene party and party And the said Lo^yoTo?* Lord Maior is hereby authorized to give such Oath Any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding London.7 And that no person shall proceed in Execution of the said Commission before he be first swome before the Lord Mayor of London for the time being to proceed uprightly and indifferently betweene party and party as formerly he should have been before the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen

Bbe it alsoe enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case the said Commissioners or any such three of them II.

as aforesaid shall find cause to examine Witnesses beyond the Seas or any remote parts of his Majesties Dominions ^hsue^out ^ for the clearing [of1] any doubt or matter before them depending that in such case by direction of the said Admiralty Court Commissioners or any such three of them like Commissions or Processe shall issue out of the Court of Admiralty wit^wses a^road°^ as have formerly been for the purposes aforesaid returnable before the said Commissioners And that the said Commissioner* may Commissioners or any such three of them shall have alsoe power to give and passe theire final Sentence Decree final Sentence

and Executions as well against the body of the party evifted or his goods as alsoe against the Executors and (fwX,^cui^ Administrators of such party so evifted And to assesse Costs of Suit upon such person or persons as shall be condemned by the Decree of the said Court as to them shall seem just

And forasmuch as many Witnesses (as Seamen and others) come [and '] speedily go again to Sea before a Court power to can be summoned by which meanes the assured and assurers are many times much damnified For the preventing Commissioners to of which mischeif Be it alsoe enacted by the Authority aforesaid that it shall and may be lawfull to and for gobgabro^T* any one of the said Commissioners to administer an Oath to any Witnesse legally summoned to give testimony (timely notice [being1] thereof given to the adverse party and sett up in the Office before such examination) to the end such Witnesse or Witnesses may be crosse examined

Provided alwaies That the said Commissioners shall in no case proceed both against person and goods for one and the same debt And provided also that any thing in this Act contained shall not in any wise extend to prejudice the appeal to the High Court of Chancery given or allowed in the said former Act of Parliament. Debt.

Proceeding* not to be against body and Goods for the same

CHAPTER XXIV.

Rot. Parl. 14 C. II. p. 3- nu. 9.

Recital that Persons not bred up to Trade become Members of Public Companies, and that there is an Opinion that such Persons are subject to the Bankrupt La*.

An Act declaratory concerning Bankrupts.

WHEREAS divers Noblemen Gentlemen and persons of quality no wayes bred up to Trade or Merchandize do oftentimes put in great stocks of money into the East India Company or Guiney Company and the Fishing Trade and such other publiqN Societies and receive the procede of those Stocks sometimes in ready moneys sometimes in Comodities which they usually sell for money or exchang again by which meanes the Trade of those Companies is much encouraged Fishing and Navigation increased and the publique good of the whole Kingdome very much advanced Notwithstanding which great advantages to the publique there hath been lately some opinion conceived that such persons may and ought to be made subject to the Statutes provided against Bankrupts For the better declaring and explaining the Law therein and to the end such persons may not be discouraged in those honourable indeavors for promoting publique undertakings Be it declared [an 2] enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty with the advice and assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That no person or persons whatsoever who have adventured or put in or who hereafter shall adventure or put in any sum or sums of money into the said East India Company or Guiney Company or into any joynt stock or stocks of money by them or either of them made or raised or to be made and raised for and towards the maintaining and carrying on the Trade by the said East India Company or Guiney Company managed or to be managed or who have formerly or shall hereafter adventure or put in any sum or sums of money into any stock 01 stocks of money for the managing and carrying on of the said fishing trade or the trade now called the Royal Fishing Trade and shall receive and take his or theire part or dividend of Fish Goods or Merchandizes in specie and shall sell or exchange the same shall for or by reason one// of such adventure of moneys so put into the said East India Company or Guiney Company or into any Stock or

Stocks for and towards the said fishing Trade or for or by reason only of the receiving and taking such Fish

Goods and Merchandizes in Specie or selling for money or exchanging the same againe be adjudged taken esteemed or reputed a Merchant or Trader within any Statute or Statutes for Bankrupts or bee liable to the same

Provided alwaies and it is hereby declared That every person or persons who shall Trade Traffique or

Merchandise in any other way or manner then in the said Royal Fishing Trade or the Trade managed by the Persons trading in said East India Company or the Guiney Company as aforesaid shall for and by reason of his and theire trading ^le^the*

traffiquing and merchandising be lyable to Commission and Commissions against Bankrupts as fully to all intents Bankrupt Laws,

and purposes and not otherwise as if this Act had never been made Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

No Person by reason of Monies put into such Companies by them to be therefore subject to the Bankrupt Law.

1 interlined on the Roll.

- and 0.

14° Car. II. c. 24, 25.

A.D. 166V.

in.

Verdict and Judgment in Replevin, whereby Sir John Wolftenholme, a Member of the East India Company, was adjudged liable to a Commission of Bankrupt, declared contrary to Law.

IV.

Proviso for Proceedings under the said Judgment.

And be it further enacted That a Verdict and Judgement in Replevin heretofore had or given in the Terme of Easter in the Yeare One thousand six hundred fifty three in the Kings Bench betwixt Phineas Andrewes Plaintiff* Richard Wool ward and William Meggs Defendants whereby Sir John Wolstenholme Knight and Adventurer in the said East India Company was adjudged and found lyable to a Commission of Bankrupts only for and by reason of a share hee had in the joynt Stock of the said Company and a pretended selling for money part of the return which hee had in Specie for his said Adventure shall be and is hereby declared contrary to Law and is hereby reversed and made void and null

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That no Act Sale or Disposition of any the Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods Chattels Debts or Creditts of the said Sir John Wolstenholme or any distribution of the same or of any money heretofore made or done by the Commissioners of Bankrupts or any claiming under them or any of them by vertue or colour of any Commission or Commissions taken out against [the said Sir John Wolstenholme and whereof any person or persons is by vertue or colour of or under any such A d Sale or Disposition actually seised or possessed shall be hereby impeached or frustrated but that the same be injoyed for and toward satisfaction of the Debts for which the same have been disposed or distributed.

Rot. Pari 14 C. II. p. 3. nu. 10.

Recital that many loyal Subjc&s had been constrained by the Long Parliament to pay large Sums of Money, and to settle Advowsons, Rents, &c. without a valuable Consideration, as Compositions for pretended Delinquency.

Such Grants, &c. void in Law.

Proviso for Rights accrued (Exception) before May 19, 1662.

II.

Tenants, of such Advowsons, See. to pay their Rents to Persons entitled before such Grants, &c.

III.

Recital that Redemises of some of the Premises comprised in such Grants, dec. were executed at certain Rents for Augmentation of Vicarages and Maintenance of Ministers.

Purchasers to pay and former Owners to hold the said Rents, with Remedies by Distress, &c.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Act for [the1] restoring [of1] all such Advowsons Redories Impropriate Gleeb Lands & Tithes to His Majesties Loyal Subjects as were taken from them and making void certain charges imposed on them upon theire Compositions for Delinquency by the late usurped Powers.

WHEREAS many Loyal Subjects of our late Soveraigne Lord King Charles the First and of the Kings Majesty that now is were upon pretence of Delinquency for adhering unto and faithfully serving theire said Majesties according to theire Duty and Allegiance enforced and constrained by the pretended power of the Long Parliament not onely to part with great sums of money in satisfaction of the said supposed Delinquency but likewise to setle all or part of such Advowsons Redories Gleeb Lands and Tithes Estates and Termes as they or any in trust for them were then seised or possessed of and to make grants & assurances of Rents and Annuities to and upon such Trustees as were appointed by the said Long Parliament as well for the augmentation of certain Vicarages as for the use and maintenance of Preaching Ministers and Ledurers without any valuable considera&n given for the same other then some abatement of those excessive Fines imposed upon them for theire pretended Delinquency and exacted from them by those arbitrary powers to the impoverishing and undoing of many of the Kings most Loyal Subjects Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authority of the same That all Grants Feoffments Bargaines and Sales Releases Confirmations and other Conveyances and Assurances in the Law of any higher or lower nature whatsoever had or made by any such pretended Delinquents theire Heires Executors or Administrators or by any person having any Estate or Interest in Law or Equity in Trust for them or by any other person or persons having any Estate or Interest joyntly or in Common with them or in Reversion or Remainder after them to any person or persons Bodies Politick or Corporate of any such Advowsons Redories Impropriate Gleeb Lands Tithes Estates Termes Annuities and Rents as aforesaid to or for the uses aforesaid as part or in full of theire Compositions for such p*tended Delinquency as aforesaid and all Securities touching or concerning the $ame only be and are hereby adjudged from henceforth null and void in Law to all intents and purposes whatsoever Saving to all persons other then the said Trustees and theire Heires and all claiming under them all right to the said Redories and pWsses as hath accrued unto them before the Nineteenth day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and two

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Tennants Lessees and Occupiers of all such Advousons Redories Impropriate Gleeb Lands Tithes and Premisses so granted or setled to or upon such Trustees as aforesaid for the uses or purposes aforesaid shall pay all such Rents as shall hereafter growe due and payable to such persons onely unto whom the right and interest of and in the same Advowsons Redories Gleeb Lands Tithes and ^misses before the said Conveyances or Assurances (intended to be annulled and made voide by this present Act) did or should of right belong or appertain

And whereas the said Conveyances and Assurances in and by this Act intended to be made void were some of them of Estates in Fee Simple and some of them long Termes for yeares made to Trustees who redemised the same at and under such yearely Rents and Sums of Money as were then appointed to be the Augmentation of certain Vicarages or maintenance for Preaching Ministers since which time many of the Redories and Lands so conveyed and leased have been absolutely sold and the Redemises thereof granted and assigned by the Owners thereof for the benefit of such purchasers Be it further enacted and ordained by this present Parliament and by the Authority of the same that the said Purchasers theire Heires and Assigns shall pay and the said former Owners of the said Lands and Redories theire Executors Administrators and Assignes shall have hold and enjoye the said Rents and Sums of Money so reserved for the Augmentation of the said Vicarages & maintenance for Preaching Ministers upon the said several Redemises and shall have the same and the like remedies by Distre6se or by action of Debt for the recovery thereof as the said Trustees who redemised the same should or might have had if this Act had not been made

1 interlined on the Roll.

L

A.D.\66CZ.

14° Car. II. c. 26.

421

CHAPTER XXVI.

An Act for reforming of Abuses committed in the Weight and false Packing of Butter.

FORASMUCH as Butter is one of the principal Comodities of the product of this Kingdome and is not only of an universal use and expence at home but very great quantities thereof are transported beyond the Seas And whereas by Custome time out of mind used every Kinderkin of Butter ought to [weight*] One hundred thirty and two pounds gross at the least that is to say One hundred and twelve pounds of Neat Butter and the Cask Twenty pounds The Firkin of Butter ought to weigh Sixty and four pounds viz Fifty and six pounds of good and Merchantable Butter Neat and the Cask Eight pounds And the Pott of Butter ought to weigh Twenty pounds viz. Fourteen pounds of good and Merchantable Butter Neat and the Pott Six pounds And whereas great Complaint hath beene made by the Traders in Butter and Cheese That by the fraudulent dealing and practice of several Farmers Owners and Packers of Butter and by theire irregular manner of weighing with Stones Iron Wedges Bricks and other unwarrantable Weights the same quantities of Butter are not put up into the respe<5tive Cask and Pots aforesaid and the Kinderkin is comonly made to weigh Six and Twenty pounds and sometimes Eight and twenty pounds and the Firkin to weigh Ten pounds or Twelve pounds and sometimes Thirteen or Fourteen pounds weight and the Pots [are*] made generally to weigh Seven pounds and some of

them Eight pounds or Nine pounds weight and much bad and decayed Butter is mixed and packed up into

Kinderkins Firkins and other Caske and Pots with sound and good Butter and immoderate quantities of Salt intermixed to the spoil of the same and to the great wrong and abuse of his Majesty in the Vi&ualing of His Navy of Merchants in the Victualling of their Ships and of all Traders in the said Comodity and of all Householders who buy the same for theire expence and to the great dishonour of the English Nation in the parts beyond the Seas and to the bringing [of1] the said Comodity into great disrepute abroad whereby it yeilds not that price nor is vented there in such quantities as otherwise it would For remedy whereof Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled That from and after the First day of June which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two every Kinderkin of Butter do and shall containe One hundred and Ui pounds Neat or above every pound containing sixteen Ounces beside the Tare of the Caske and not lesse or good and merchantable Butter every Firkin of Butter do and shall containe Fifty six pounds Neat or above besides the weight of the Caske of good and merchantable Butter and every Pot of Butter do and shall contain fourteen pounds Neat or above besides the weight of the Pott of good and merchantable Butter And that no Butter

which is old or corrupt shall be mixed or packed up into any Kinderkin Firkin or other Cask Vessel or Pot

whatsoever with any Butter which is New and Sound nor any Whay Butter shall be packed or mixed with any Butter that is made of Cream but that the said respective sorts of Butter shall be packed up severally and a part by themselves and shall not be mixed one with another and that every Cask or Pott of Butter shall be of one sort and goodnes throughout such Caske and Pot and that no Butter shall be salted with any great Salt but that all Butter shall be salted and saved with small Salt nor more Salt shall be intermixed with it then shall bee needfull for its preservation upon pain and penalty that every Owner Farmer or Packer of Butter not putting up in each Kinderkin Firkin and Pot of Butter to be sold or to be exposed to sale respectively such quantities as aforesaid or offending in false packing as aforesaid for every such offence shall forfeit the value of all the Butter so false packed and for every offence where any Kinderkin Firkin or Pott shall be found to contain a lesser quantity of Butter then by this Act is appointed six times the value of every pound of Butter that shall be wanting in any such Cask or Pott.

And to the intent that the benefitt intended by this Act may be extended with full effect to all persons who do either cut out Butter by a Retail or expend it Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Cheese monger or other person whatsoever which shall sell to any person or persons any Kilderkin or Kilderkins Firkin or Firkins Pot or Pots or other Caske of Butter made after the said First day of June which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two shall deliver in every such Kilderkin Firkin and other Cask and Pot respectively the full quantity and due quality appointed by this A Cl and not lesse or in default thereof shall be liable to make satisfaction to him or them that buy the same for what shall be wanting according to the price for which the same was sold

Rot. Path 14 C. IT. p 3* *• 11*

Recital that great Quantities of Butter are exported j and what by Custom crerr Kilderkin, Firkin and Pot ought to weigh

and that Complaints had been made of fraudulent Packing;

and that bad Butter is mixed and packed with good Butter and immoderate Quantities of Salt.

What the Kilderkin is to contain

The Firkin,

The Pot.

Corrupt Butter not to be mixed or packed with sound Butter.

Casks, &c. of Butter to be of one sort and goodness, great Salt not to be used

Penalty.

II.

Cheesemongers, &c. selling, to deliver Butter according to this Act;

or to make Satisfaction to the Party.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the [said1] First day of June which HI.

shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two no Cheese monger or other person repa^ing"!^?0 or persons whatsoever shall repack for sale any Butter in any Kinderkin Firkin or other Cask or Pott whatsoever for Sale * upon pain and penalty that every Cheese monger or other person whatsoever which shall repack any Butter into Penalty, any Kinderkin or Kinderkins Firkin or Firkins Cask or Casks Pot or Pots to sell the same again shall for every Firkin Cask or Pot so packed forfeit the sum of Double the value of all such Butter

And for the better discovery of all frauds and abuses which shall be committed against this Act Be it further IV.

enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Farmer and other person and persons packing up Butter in p^fj^side to Kinderkins Firkins or any other Cask whatsoever for sale do from and after the said First day of June which shall be use good Casks, &c

1 weigh 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

Vox.. V.

5

422

14° Car. II. c. 26, 27.

A.D. 1662.

m

and to mark upbn Firkin, &c. the Weight of the empty Cask, and also his Name;

Penalty.

V.

Potters to set on Pot the Weight when it is burnt and his Name; Penalty.

Farmer, &c. exposing to Sale Butter packed in other Pots;

Penalty.

By whom Offences are to be inquired of.

Penalties how to be disposed of.

VI.

Limitation of Suits.

in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two pack up his Butter into good and sufficient Cask

made, of sound dry and well seasoned Timber and shall sett upon every Firkin and Cask whatsoever when the

same is throughly and fully seasoned in water a continuing visible marke of the just Weight of the empty Caske and do likewise sett upon every Kinderkin Firkin and Cask when the same is filled with Butter the first Letter of his or theire Christian name and his or theire Simame at length with an Iron brand upon pain and penalty that every Farmer or other person or persons whatsoever offending in not putting on the Mark of such Weight of

Kinderkin Firkin or Cask after seasoning or not setting the first Letter of his or theire Christian name and his or

theire Simame at length on every Firkin and Cask as aforesaid shall for every such offence respectively forfeit the sum of Ten shillings for every Hundred weight of Butter and so proportionably for a greater or a lesser quantity that shall be in every such Cask

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Potter shall sett upon every Pott which he shall sell for packing up of Butter the just weight which shall be of every such Pot when it is burnt together with the first Letter of his or theire Christian name and his or theire Simame at length upon pain and penalty that

every Potter which shall not so do shall forfeit and pay for every Pot which he shall expose to sale for the use

aforesaid whereupon he shall not have first set the just Weight and the first Letter of his Christian name and his Simame att length as aforesaid the sum of One shilling and that no Farmer or other person whatsoever shall expose to sale any Butter packed up in any other Pot then such as shall be marked by the Potter as aforesaid upon penalty of Two shillings for every Pot of Butter which he shall expose to sale as is not so marked all and every of which

said offences are to be enquired of sued for heard and determined in the Sessions of Peace for the County City

Borough Town or Liberty or in the Court of Record of the City Borough Town or Liberty wherein such offence shall be committed by Action of Debt Indictment Information or Presentment wherein no Essoign Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed to the Defendant and the one halfe of all such Forfeitures shall bee to the use of the poore people inhabiting within the Parish where such offence shall be from time to time committed to be paid to the Church wardens and Overseers of the Poore of and in such Parish and the other halfe to him or them that will sue for the same besides his double Costs thereby expended

Provided that every Suit and Information which shall be brought upon this ASt shall be commenced within four moneths after the sale of such Butter.

Rot. Parl. 14 C.II. p. 3. HU. 12.

Recital that Dover Harbour hath been much broken and decayed j

and that His Majesty had bestowed a great Sum of Money in Repairs, but that further Money was wanted.

For keeping the same in Repair according to I Jac.I. c. 32.

A Tonnage Duty on certain Ships herein mentioned.

Exception of Colliers and certain other Vessels.

Duty on Coals, Grindstones, &c. to be paid to the Officer of the Port from or at which the Vessel shall sail or arrive before Goods are loaded or unloaded.

CHAPTER XXVH.

An Act for repairing of Dover Harbour.

WHEREAS it is found by long experience that Dover Harbour is and hath beene of very great use and benefit to the Merchants of this Realm and others passing through the Narrow Seas whereunto they have and do enter to avoid imminent danger of Tempests Pirates or the Common Enemy in time of Warr And whereas the said Harbour of late by Tempests and the violence of the Sea hath been much broken ruined and decayed and in great danger of being lost uni esse timely prevented by repairing thereof which cannot be without great charges and expences as well in the present repaire as in the future maintenance of the same Whereof His Majesty being informed and minding the good and safety of Merchants and Sea-faring men hath of late of his Majesties goodnes and liberality bestowed a great sum of money in and about the repairing of the said Harbour which yet is not sufficient to carry on that worke and to secure it for the future And to the end that the same may be from time to time maintained and kept in good repaire for the use and benefit of Merchants and Seafaring men And that such provision for the maintainance thereof may now be made as by an Act of Parliament made in the First yeare of His Majesties Grand father King James of ever blessed memory hath been formerly done and provided for Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this Psent Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That from and after the Foure and twentieth day of June next ensueing dureing the space of Seven yeares thence next following there shall be paid by the Master or Owner of every Shipp Vessel or Crayer whereof any

of His Majesties Subjects of England shall be Owners or Part owners of the burthen of Twenty Tuns or upwards

and not exceeding the burthen of Two hundred and fifty Tun for every Voyage loading or discharging within this Realme or to or from any Foreign Country beyond the Seas and passing to or from London or for from to or by Dover or coming into the Harbour there not having a Cocquet testifying his payment before for that

Voyage towards the repaire of Dover Harbour the sum of Three pence for every Tun of the burthen of every

such Ship Vessel or Crayer (except Vessels loaden with Seacoales or Grindstones or Purbeck or Portland stone) and for every Chaldron of Seacoles or Tun of Grindstones Penny halfe penny the same to be paid to the Customer or Collector of Customes or Subsidies or theire Deputies within this Realme in such Port from whence such Ship Vessel or Crayer shall set forth or where such Shipp Vessel or Crayer shall arrive before they load or unload the Goods therein the Accompt of the number of the said Tuns to be made according to the Entry of Goods in every such Shipp Vessel or Crayer in the Custome house and no Entry thereof to be allowed in any Office of Customes or Subsidies without true Information before made by Oath of the Master Owners or Shipper of such Shipp Vessel or Crayer concerning the burthen thereof and payment by him made of the sums aforesaid of

A.D. 1662.

14p Car. II. c. 27,28.

423

which payment the Master Owner or Shipper paying the same shall have allowance of the Merchants according to the rate of the Goods in the same Ship Vessell or Crayer by way of Average And the Customer or Collector or his Deputy receiving the sums aforesaid or any of them shall disburse and pay the same from time to time to the Treasurer of the said Harbour for the time being or such person or persons as he shall assign to receive the same to be expended in and about the repaire of the said Harbour And every Customer or Comptroller or theire #Deputies that shall make any Entries of Customes or Subsidies of any Goods in the said Ships Vessels or Crayers before such Information as aforesaid concerning the burthen thereof shall be made or before payment made of the sums before limited to be paid by this Act or shall make any wilfull default in not collecting the said sums or any of them or not paying the same over from time to time to the Treasurer of the said Harbour for the time being or such person or persons as he shall assign to receive the same as aforesaid shall forfeit to the use of the reparations of the said Harbour Ten pounds for every such default to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record by the Warden and Assistants of the said Harbour for the time being in which Suite no Essoign Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

Entry not allowed without Information on Oath of Burthen and Payment; to be allowed by Merchant to Matter, &c.

Officer to pay Monies received to Treasurer of the Harbour. Officer unduly making Entries; or not collecting the Juties, or not paying the same to the said Treasurer; Penalty jgio.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Master and Wardens of the Trinity house of London for the time being to appoint such person or persons as they shall thinke fitt to inspect and oversee the repaires and workes to be made for the security of the said Harbour And that they may once every yeare during the terme of Seven yeares aforesaid require an Accompt of the respective Collectors of the Duties aforesaid and the Treasurer for the said Harbour for the time being of the monies by them respectively received by vertue of this Act and of the disbursements thereof And if the said Collectors and Treasurer shall not within six weeks next after demaund of such Accompt give in the same accordingly or if thereupon it shall appeare that the said money shall not be duly disbursed in and about the said repair and the works for the securing and maintenance of the said Harbour according to the intent of this Act or if the said Harbour shall within the time aforesaid be sufficiently repaired and secured that then the said Master and Wardens shall inform the Lords of His Majesties Privy Councel thereof who shall and may thereupon and to that purpose are hereby impowered to suspend or cause all and every further payments by vertue of this Act to cease and determine if they shall see cause

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Ships and Vessells belonging to the Ports of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis and Lime Regis in the County of Dorset having a Peire and Cob of theire owne (which by reason of theire poverty at present they are not able to maintain) shall be exempt from contributing or paying any thing to the Harbour of Dover mentioned in this Act Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding so as they shall bring Certificate made upon Oath before the Mayor and under the Common Seale of the said respective Corporations that the said Shipps and Vessels do properly belong thereunto And that the Inhabitants of the said respective Corporations are Owners of the major part of the said Vessels

II.

Trinity House of London may intpe ; Repairs and Works; and may yearly require Accounts from Collectors and Treasurer. Collectors and Treasurer not giving Accounts, or if Monies not duly disbursed, or Harbour sufficiently repaired ; Proceedings.

HL

Proviso for Ships of Weymouth, Melcombe Regis, and Lime Regis, on Certificate brought.

Provided alwaies and be it hereby enacted That this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend to authorize the Collection of more then the sum of Twenty two thousand pounds in the whole And then the said Collection to cease.

IV.

Not more than 4022,000 to be raised.

CHAPTER XXVIII.

An Act for the [regulating1] of the Pilchard Fishing in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall

TT THERE AS the publique honour wealth and safety of this Realm as well in the maintenance of Trade and Tv support of Navigation as in many other respects doth in an high degree depend upon the Improvement and Incouragement of the fishery And forasmuch as of late yeares there have divers pernicious disorders and abuses by the licenciousnes of the times crept in and yet continue evidently distruftive to that Trade for prevention and redresse whereof there is no Law hitherto particularly provided in the growing evils occasioned by Driving Nets and other fraudulent and injurious practises to the extreme damage of the Fishery Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in Parliament assembled and it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the Five and twentieth day of May One thousand six hundred sixty and two no person or persons shall in any yeare from the First day of June till the last of November presume to take Fish in the High Sea or in any Bay Port Creeke or Coast of or belonging to Cornwall or Devon with any Drift Net Trammel or Stream Net or Nets or any other Nets of that sort or kind unlesse it be at the distance of one League and an halfe at least from the respective shores upon the penalty of forfeiture of the said Nets so imployed or the full value thereof and one moneths Imprisonment without bail or mainprize.

And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons befog neither Owners Partners or Adventurers in the Craft of Fishery and in the Boates and Saynes thereunto belonging shall presume from and after the day before limited to make or cause to be made any Pilchards or Fumathoes in Cask to be sold

Rot, Pari, 14 C. II, Pm 3- «• 13-

Recital of Benefit! arising from the Fishery\ and that many destrudive Abuses had crept in.

No Person from 1 st June to 30th Not. to take Fish with Drift Nets, Trammels, &c.

Penalty and Imprisonment.

II.

Persons not concerned in the Craft of Fishery not to make Pilchards, &c. in

1 Regulation 0,

14° Car. II. c. 28,29.

A.D. 166Q.

o^oS^oocct^1 °r transPorted cxc®pt he or they shall openly buy the aforesaid Fish of the respe&hre Owners Partners and in the Pilchard [Adventures'] in the said Pilchard Craft or with tlieire expresse allowance leave and consent that they shall in such

Sri^C^ient*1 ca8e smguler such Pilchards and Fumathoes so made and every Cask thereof or theire full value

Penalty. the one halfe to the King and the other halfe to him or them that shall soe sue for the same by Bill Haim or

other Information and upon legal proof recover the same.

III.

Purloining, See. Pilchards out of the Nets, &c.

Penalty.

And be it further enacted That if any Owner Partner or Company or any other person or persons whatsoever shall fraudulently purloyne imbezile hide convey carry away or dispose by sale or otherwise or cause to bee purloyned imbezilled hidden conveyed carryed away or disposed out of the Nets Boats or Cellars any Pilchard Fish without the expresse leave consent and allowance of the proper Owners and major part of the Company respectively that then every such person and persons that shall offend therein upon legal evidence shall pay treble the value in satisfaction to the parties so wronged and be sent to the House of Correction for three Monthes

IV.

Suspicious Persons, about Boats, &c. not departing on Warning;

Penalty.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any idle or suspitious person or persons shall in the night assemble and flock togeather about the Boats Nets or Sellars belonging to any Pilchard Craft upon any of the Coasts of Cornwall or Devon having no busines there to do and being warned by the Company or Owner of such Boats or Sellars to be gone that then upon complaint made unto any one Justice of the Peace every such person or persons refusing so to do shall pay five shillings to the poore of the Parish where such offence was committed or shall be set in the Stocks for the space of Five houres.

0. nu. 8.

The Reasons and Grounds of repealing the Attainder.

II.

III.

CHAPTER XXIX.

An Act for the reversing the Earle of Strafford his Attainder (*)

XT WHEREAS Thomas late Earle of Strafford was impeached of High Treason upon pretence of endeavoring to v v subvert the fundamentall Lawes and called to a publique and solemne Arraignment and Tryall before the Peeres in Parliament where hee made a particular defence to every article objected against him in so much that the turbulent Partie then seeinge noe hopes to effect their unjust designes by any ordinary way and method of proceedings did att last,resolve to attempt the destrucC&n and attainder of the said Earle by an Act of Parliament to bee therefore purposely made to condemne him upon accumulative Treason none of the pretended Crimes being Treason apart and soe could not bee in the whole if they had beene proved as they were not and alsoe adjudged him guilty of constructive .Treason (that is) of levying Warr against the King though it was only the comanding an Order of the Councell Board in Ireland to be executed, by a Seijant att Armes and three or foure Souldiers which was the constant Practice of the Deputies there for a long tyme; to which end they haveing first presented a Bill for this intent to the House of Comons and finding there more opposition then they expected, they caused a multitude of tumultuous Persons to ,come downe to Westminster, armed with Swords and Staves and to fill both the Paliace Yards, and all the approches to both Houses of Parliament with fury and clamor and to require justice speedy justice against the Earle of Strafford. And haveing by these and other undue practises obtayned that Bill to passe in the House of Comons, they caused the names of those resolute Gentlemen who in a case of inocent Blood, had freely discharged their consciences, being nine and fiftie to bee posted up in severall places about the Cities of London and Westminster, and stiled them Straffordians and Enemies to their Country, hoping thereby to deliver them up to the fury of the people, whom they had endevoured to incense against them, and then procured the said Bill to bee sent up to the House of Peeres where it haveing sometyme rested under great deliberaC6n, att last in a tyme when a greate parte of the Peeres were absent by reason of the tumults, and many of those who were present protested against it, the said Bill passed in the House of Peeres, And at length his late Majestie Kinge Charles the First of Glorious Memory granted a Comission for giveing his Royall Assent thereunto which neverthelesse was done by his said Majestie with exceeding greate sorrowe then, and ever remembred by him with unexpressable Greife of Hart, and out of his Majesties greate Piety hee did publiquely expresse it when his owne Sacred Life was taken away by the most detestable Tray tors that ever were; For all which causes bee it declared and enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and

Comons in this present Parliament assembled, That the Act entituled An Act for the Attainder of Thomas Earle

of Strafford of High Treason, and all and every Clause Article and Thing therein conteyned being obteyned as

aforesaid, is now hereby repealed revoked and reversed.

And to the end that right bee done to the memory of the deceased Earle of Strafford aforesaid bee it further enacted That all Records and Proceedings of Parlyament relateing to the said Attainder bee wholly cancelled and taken of the Fyle, or otherwayes defaced and obliterated, to the intent the same may not bee visible in after ages; or brought into example to the prejudice of any Person whatsoever.

Provided That this Act shall not extend to the future Questioning of any Person or Persons however concerned in this Busines, or who had any Hand in the Tumults or disorderly procuring the Act aforesaid, any thinge herein conteyned to the contrary thereof notwithstandinge.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 30— 32.

425

B

CHAPTER XXX.

An Act for the importing of Madder pure and unmixed.

XWHEREAS the use of Madder for the laying and grounding of most colours is most usefull and necessary T ▼ in the Art of Dying within this Kingdom which is imported from Holland and other Forreign parts in great quantities but so deceitfully and abundantly mixed with sand and other materials before it is imported that one pound of good and pure Madder will make more perfeQ worke then three of that which is usually imported by reason of which deceit and p^judice the colours therewith laid and grounded are very imperfect and fading which occasioneth the Transportation of great quantities of Woollen Clothes and other Woollen Manufactures undyed and undressed beyond the Seas to be there wrought and put in colours to the great fpjudice and impoverishing of many thousands of His Majesties leige people. For the preventing of which deceits and mischeifs and for the better incouragement of all planters of Madder within this Kingdome Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty with the Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That if any person or persons shall from and after the Foure and twentieth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and two import into this Realm of England or any part thereof any Madder whatsoever or expose the same to sale being mixed with sand or other materials over and above two pound weight in every hundred weight of Madder which hundred weight shall containe One hundred and twelve pound that then every person and persons so offending as aforesaid shall forfeit and lose all and every such parcell of Madder so mixed with sand or other materials as aforesaid the one moyede of the said forfeiture to be to the use of His Majesty fiis Heires and Successors and the other moyety to such person or persons as shall discover the same to be recovered by him by Action or Bill of Debt in any of His Majesties Courts of Westminster wherein no Essoign Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

CHAPTER XXXI.

An Act to prevent the Inconvenience arising by melting the Silver Coyn of this Realm.

WHEREAS by an A & made in the Ninth yeare of King Edward the Third It is enacted that no sterling Halfe penny or Farthing shall^b$ moulten to make Vessel or any other thing by Goldsmiths or any other upon pain of forfeiture of the moneys so molten Whereas by one other Statute made in the Seaventeenth yeare of King Richard the Second It was further enacted that no Groats or Halfe groats shall be moulten by any man to make Vessel or other thing thereof upon the same pain And whereas divers persons do elude the said Statutes as wel Goldsmiths as others by melting Silver Coyns_of this Realm above the value of Groats to the great diminishing of the Silver Coyn of this Realm and the hindrance of the commerce of the same Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual & Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authority of the same That no person or persons whatsoever shall after the Twentieth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty two wilfully melt or cause to be melted any of the Curent Silver money of this Realm upon pain not onely of forfeiture of the same but alsoe of the double value of any such Coyn so melted the one halfe to His Majestie His Heires and Successors the other halfe to the Informers whoe shal sue for the same upon Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majesties Courts at Westminster in which no Essoign Wager of Law or prote&ion shall be allowed And moreover that the said person or persons offending contrary to the Tenor of this Act (if hee or they be a Freeman or Freemen or priviledged person or persons of any City or Corporation within this Kingdome of England) shall upon legal conviction for the same be forthwith disfranchised and made uncapable of exerdseing the Trade of a Goldsmith or any other Mistery by vertue of the Priviledges of the City or Corporac6n of which he or they are members And if the said person or persons offending and convict as aforesaid shall not bee a Freeman or Freemen or priviledged person or persons of any City or Corporation as aforesaid then hee or they shall suffer imprisonment without bail or mainprize for the space of six moneths next ensuring his or tlieire conviction as aforesaid.

CHAPTER XXXIL

An Act for the better regulating of the Manufacture of Broad Woollen Cloath within the West Riding of the

County of Yorke

WHEREAS divers abuses and deceits have of late yeares been had and used in the Manufacture of Broad Tv Woollen Cloth made within the Westriding of the County of Yorke and the opining and decritfull working thereof which tends to the great debasing and undervaluation of the said Manufacture both att home and alsoe in Forreigne parts where the same is usually vended For pVention of all which abuses «and deceipts It is enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons assembled, in Parliament That from and after the next Monday after Easter which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty and two there be and shall be a Corporation to continue for ever within the said West Riding of the County of Yorke consisting of all the Justices of [the1] Peace of the said West

Rot. Parl. I ^C.IJ. 14-

Recital that Madder it useful in the Art of Dying, end that the Mine has been mixed with Sand, &c.

Importing or exposing to sale Madder mixed with Sand, &c.

Penalty.

Rot* Pari. 14 C. II. p. 3. mi. 15.

Recital of 9 E. III. at.2. c.3.

17 Ric. II. c. 1.

and that the said Statutes are eluded.

Meltingthe Current Silver Money of the Realm$

Penalty.

and if Offender be a Freeman of any Corporation, to be disfranchised;

and if not a Freeman, then Imprisonment.

Rot. Parl. 14 C. If. p. 3. MM. 16.

Recital that divert Abuses have been had of late in the making Broad Woollen Cloth in the West Riding of York.

A Corporation erected within the said West Riding.

14° Car. II. c. 32.

A.D. 1662.

Masters, Wardens, and Aasictanttywhen

and by whom to be chosen.

and in case of Death then Election to be at any Court to be holden next after;

to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy; and also the Oath following.

Power to Justices, and to Masters, Wardens, £cc. to administer the like Oaths to Officers of the Corporation.

Riding for the time being Two Masters Ten Wardens Twelve Assistants and Commonalty Ail which said. Masters Wardens and Assistants are to be of the ablest and best experienced Clothiers within the said West Riding and such as have served and been brought up in the Trade and Mistery of Clothing by the space of seven yeares according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realm One of which said Masters Five of which said Wardens and Six of which said Assistants shall be chosen the first Monday after Pentecost then next following and from thenceforth to be yearely and every yeare chosen upon the next Monday after Pentecost at some publique place by the Free Clothiers of the said West-Riding inhabiting within the Parish of Leeds in the said County of Yorke or the greater part of them present at such Election and the other Master Five Wardens and Six Assistants shall be chosen upon

the same dayes at some publique place by the Free Clothiers inhabiting out of the Said Town and Parish of Leeds

or the greater part of them present at the said Election of the parts adjacent within the said Westriding [[And in case any of the said Masters Wardens and Assistants after theire said respective Elections do happen to dy that then it shall and may be lawfull att any Court to be holden next after such decease to elect others in theire

respective places1] And the said Wardens Masters and Assistants respectively shall within Eight dayes after theire

first Choice and Election take the Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacy which any two Justices of the Peace within the West Riding whereof One to be of the Quop have hereby power to administer and alsoe the ensuing Oath (viz) I A. B. do sweare That I will well faithfully and honestly performe and discharge the Office of a Master of the Corporac&n of the Free Clothiers according to the best of my Skill Power and Knowledge So help me God. And the like Oath and Oathes to be administred to the Wardens and Assistants respectively mutads mutandis And for ever after the said Justices of the Peace Masters Wardens and Assistants and their Successors or any Thirteen of them shall and have hereby power to administer the like Oath or Oathes to such Officer or Officers faithfully and honestly to perform and discharge his and theire said Office and Offices to which he [and *] they are and shall be so chosen by this Act at any Court to be by them holden in manner hereafter declared

n.

Justices of Peace, Masters, Wardens, and Assistants, and the Free Clothiers of the West Riding, to be such Corporation, by the Name herein mentioned;

and may plead, and take Lands, Goods, See. not exceeding £200 yearly.

May meet (one Justice or one Master being present) and keep a Court on the first Saturday in every Month, at the Common Hall in Leeds, or elsewhere.

Eight Days Notice to be given. Masters, &c. absenting, so that no Court can be held;

Penalty aos.

Court may summon Gothiers, not exceeding 48.

Refusing to appear; Penalty Ten Groats.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Justices of the Peace Masters Wardens and Assistants for the time being togeather with the said Free Clothiers of the said West Riding shall for ever hereafter in name and in fa& be one Body Politick and Corporate in Law to all intents and purposes and shall have a perpetuall Succession and be called by the name of the Supervisors Masters Wardens Assistants and Commonalty of the Trade or Mistery of Clothiers for the well making of Broad Woollen Cloth within the West Riding of the County of Yorke and that they shall bee enabled to plead and sue and to bee sued and impleaded by that name in all Courts and Places of Judicature within this Kingdome And by that name shall and may without License in Mortmain purchase take or receive any Lands Tenements of Hereditaments of the Gift Alienation or Demise of any person or persons whoe are hereby without further License enabled to transfer the same and any Goods and Chattels whatsoever for the use and benefit of the Corporation aforesaid (not exceeding the yearely value of Two hundred pounds) And for the better Regulation of the said - Government of the said Trade and Manufacture the said Justices of the Peace Masters Wardens and Assistants for the time being or any Thirteen of them whereof there shall be One of the said Justices or One of the said Masters at the least alwaies present shall have and hereby have Power and Authority from time to time to meet and keep Courts upon the first Saturday in every Moneth in every yeare for the ends in this A & mentioned within the said Town of Leeds at the place comonly called or knowne by the name of the Sessions House or Common Hall in Leeds aforesaid And alsoe at such other time and place of the said West Riding as shall from time to time be appointed by the said Justices Masters Wardens and Assistants or any Thirteen of them upon eight dayes notice or warning to be given of such meeting and Court to be held And in case that the Masters Wardens and Assistants or the major part of them shall refuse or neglect to appear so as a Court cannot bee holden accordingly as is before directed that then such Master Warden or Assistant so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit the sum of Twenty shillings [the one moyety to the uSe of the Poore of such respective Town where the person so refusing or neglecting shall live the other moyety to the use of the Corporation *] And the said Justices Masters Wardens and Assistants or any Thirteen of them are hereby impowered to summon to appear at the said Courts to be held as aforesaid so many of the said Clothiers as they shall in theire discretions thinke meet for the better ordering the Affaires of the said Trade who are hereby required to appeare upon such Summons the number of which Persons so summoned shall not be under Eight and forty And in case of neglect or refusall are to forfeit to the use of the said Corporation the sum of Ten Groats for every default of not appearing to be levied as is hereafter directed.

III.

Justices, &c. may make a Common Seal, and ordain By-laws, &c.

to be ratified by Justices of Assise, and published four times a Year;

Court may fine Clothiers not observing By-laws.

And the said Justices Masters Wardens and Assistants or any Thirteen of them whereof One of the said Justices or One of the said Masters to be present as aforesaid) shall have and hereby have Power and Authority from time to time to make and appoint a Common Seal for the use of the said Corporation and to make and ordain By lawes Rules and Ordinances for and concerning the better spining working making fulling and milling of Woollen Cloth as in theire Judgements and Discretions may tend to the good Credit and Advancement of the said Trade and Manufacture (the same not being contrary to Law) which By lawes Rules and Ordinances being ratified and confirmed by the Justices of Assize to be holden for the County of Yorke shall be published Four times in the yeare att the least att Foure publique meetings or Courts (viz) Upon the first Saturday in June the first Saturday in September the first Saturday in December and the first Saturday in March and shall be obeyed and kept by the several persons within and under the said Regulation or Corporation And the said Courts constituted as aforesaid shall have and hereby have power to impose a Fine and Penalty upon any person or persons of the said Corporation or Regulation being a Clothier that shall not conform to such Rules Orders and Ordinances so made as aforesaid

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c.32

m

Pbotidsd That the akl Fine or Penalty on any person for not conforming as aforesaid exceed not the sGm of Twenty shillings for one offence the full moyety or one halfe of the said Fines and Penalties to goe to the use of the said Corporation and the other halfe or moyety to the use of the Poor of the Parish where such person so offending may be dwelling and inhabiting

IV.

Penalty not to exceed sot.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Justices Masters Wardens and Assistants or any thirteen of them shall have power to nominate and choose Searchers of Cloth in the several places of the iiid Westriding who shall be sworn before them or any thirteen of them in manner aforesaid for the true searching t>f Cloth that it be of a due Weight Length and Breadth according to the Statute.

V.

Justices, Masters, dec. miy appoint Searchers of Clotk, who are to be sworn.

And in regard the nature of Cloth is much changed in these late yeares and that the New Drapery is now VI.

most in use for which sort of Cloth there is no certain Standard for Length Weight and Breadth appointed by no Standard VoTtbe any Statute Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Length Weight and Breadth of the said New Drapery. New Draperies of broad Woollen Cloth made within the said West Riding be and shall be as is hereby limited and appointed (viz) That every Cloth called by the name of [and1] End or half Cloth shall be betwixt fifteen New Draperies

yards and eighteen yards in length in the water and not to exceed, and one yard and an halfe in breadth at

the least within the Lists And every Cloth comonly called a Short Cloth [between1] twenty four yards and twenty Ends or Half eight yards in length in the water and not to exceed and one yard and an halfe in the breadth at the [leat3] within the Lists And every Long Cloth so called betwixt thirty yards and thirty six yards in length in the water and L^g cloth*. not to exceed and one yard and an halfe in breadth at the least within the Lists And that every yard of such Cloth shall weigh respectively two pounds and a quarter accounting sixteen Ounces to the pound being well

thicked scowred milled and fully dryed And that the said Searcher shall according to his Oath duly try and Searcher by his

examine by weight or by water all broad Woollen Cloths of what sort soe ever made within the said West Riding ^BroadWodLn and shall affix thereunto a Seal of Lead expressing the true length and weight thereof And in case any of the ^[h>! affix * said Clothes be found faulty upon trial and examination the said Justices Masters Wardens and Assistants or any if Mid cloths found

thirteen of them shall have power to impose such Fine and Penalty upon the Offenders as by the Lawes and fruity. Justices, &c.

Statutes of this Realme in that behalfe are or ought to be imposed upon them for such defaults the one third Offender * part of all such Fines and Penalties to be disposed of to the use of such Searcher or Searchers certifying the said how to be Default of Length Weight or Breadth and the other twoe parts to the Poor of the Parish where such offence of;

shall be committed to be recovered in such manner as is limited and appointed by the Statute made in the [One to be recovered* and twentieth4] Yeare of the late King James Ch: 18. And that all and every such Searcher and Searchers so chosen as aforesaid shall before he or they enter upon the execution of the said Office take the Oaths of Allegiance and the Oaths of Supremacy and also the Oath ensuing which Oath the Justices Masters Wardens and Assistants or any thirteen of Allegiance and^ them as aforesaid have power to administer as followeth I. A. B. do swear that I shall well and truly execute the almt^fellowing

Office of Searcher of broad Woollen Cloth within the West Riding of the County of Yorke according to the

Lawes and Statutes of this Realm and according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge

So helpe me God.

And be it further enacted That if any Searcher shall fail in the due Execution of his Office contrary to his Oath and the Lawes and Statutes in that case made and provided every such Searcher shall forfeit and lose for such fault or not setting to such seal of Lead as aforesaid five pounds And that it shall and may be lawful to and for any other Searcher in the said West Riding (taking with him one of the said Wardens of the said Corporation) to research any of the said Clothes Any thing in any former statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

VII. Searcher not duly executing his Office, nor setting to Seal;

Penalty

Any other Searcher with a Warden may research.

And it is further enacted That it shall and may be lawfiill to and for all and every such Searcher and _ VIII.

* s Power

Searchers from time to time so often as occasion shall require to enter into any Shop House Ware house or any to enter Shops,

other place in the day time of any Clothiers Drapers Cloth workers or of any other person or persons whatsoever

where any of the said Clothes shall be within the said Westriding to search for all suspected Cloth And in case suspend Cloths.

of Resistance the party so resisting shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds the one halfe thereof to his Majesde the

other halfe to the use of the said Corporation And if upon such search any Broad Cloth shall be found made jf cloth

of or mixed with Flocks Thrums Goats hair or other deceitful Wool the said Cloth shall be and is hereby found,

declared and enacted to be forfeited And that it shall and may be lawfiill to and for the said Justices Masters J^ted, and may

' _ be disposed of by

Wardens and Assistants or any thirteen of them at any Court to bee by them held as aforesaid to dispose thereof the said Justices, &c.

in such manner as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realm the same ought to be disposed

And be it further enacted That no person or persons within the said Westriding who hath nor served as an Apprentice to the Trade of Clothier for the space of Seaven yeares or have not been exercised therein by the like space of seven yeares before shall make any Broad Cloath to sell under the penalty of five pounds for every Moneth that he shee or they shall continue to exercise the said Trade (excepting such persons only as now be in the actual use and exercise of the said Trade) the one Moyety thereof to be paid to the Kings Majesty His Heires and Successors and the other Moyety to the use of the said Corporation And that no Housholder or Housewife within the said West Riding or elsewhere within the said County not being fre* of the said Trade of Clothiers [or not having been exercised therein as aforesaid or not being the widdow of any such person as aforesaids] shall from the Feast of Pentecost next ensuing make or cause to bee made any Woollen Cloth whatsoever unlesse it be to the

IX.

No persons, not haring senred Apprenticeship, to make Broad Cloths for 8ale; Penalty.

Exception.

How Penalty to be disposed of.

Persons not being free of the Trade, or Widow of Freeman, not to make Cloths.

* an 0. * betwixt O. * least O. 4 ai 0.

» annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

14° Car. II. c. 32, 33.

A.D. 1662.

Exception. use of themselves their Children and Families but not to sell upon pain to forfeit double value for every Peice of

Penalty, Cloth so made and exposed to sale one moyety thereof to His Majesty the other moyety to any person who shall

sue for the same in any of His Majesties Courts of Records in which no Essoign Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed

X.

The said Justices, Matters, &c. may appoint a Clerk and other Officers;

and give them Oath to execute Office.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Justices Masters Wardens and Assistants or any thirteen of them are hereby impowered to nominate and appoint a Clarke a Register and Treasurer and such other Officer and Officers to see the due execution of the several Powers given by this Act as they in theire Discretions shall thinke meet and [to1] give them an Oath or Oaths for the due execution of theire several places as aforesaid

XI. Penalties to be levied by Distress. Exception,

XII.

Counterfeiting Seal of Corporation

Penalty *£20.

Distress.

If no Distress,

Imprisonment.

XIII.

All Clauses in any Ad made touching the said Abuses, and repugnant to this Act, to be void.

In Actions for executing this Act, General Issue may be pleaded.

Double Costs.

XIV. . Proviso for Rights and Duties of the King’s Aulnager or his Deputies within the West Riding.

XV.

No Persons free of the said Corporation enabled by this Act to lower Wages as allowed by Quarter Sessions.

XVI. Continuance of Ad.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Fines Forfeitures and Penalties imposed or to be levied by vertue of this Act (the meanes and recovery whereof is not otherwise herein provided for and set forth) shall be levied by distresse and sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods and Chattels by Warrant from the said Justices Masters Wardens and Assistants or any thirteen of them rendring the overplus to the Owner thereof upon demand

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit the Seal of the said Corporacon he or they so offending shall forfeit the sum of Twenty pounds so often as such person or persons shall upon due proof be found guilty of the same which said forfeiture is to be levied by distresse and sale of the Offenders Goods rendring the overplus to the Owner thereof upon demand and for want of such distresse such person and persons to be committed to the Common Goal of the County where he or they shall be found by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of the Justices of the Peace in the said County there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the space of six moneths or until such person or persons shall have paid the Fine as aforesaid

And be it enacted That all and every Article Clause and Sentence in any Act of Parliament heretofore made touching and concerning the said abuses of Broad Woollen Clothes in this Act mentioned and being repugnant or contrary to any Article and Sentence in this Act shall as touching the said Clothes only made within the said Westriding from and after the Feast of Sl. John Baptist which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty and two be utterly void to all intents and purposes whatsoever And in all Actions and Suites that shall be brought against any person or persons for acting in any thing according to the true intent and meaning of this Act the person or persons soe sued or molested shall or may plead the general Issue of Not guilty and give the special matter in evidence and shall recover double Costs in every such case if the Verdict passe for such person or persons or that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be Non suit therein

Provided alwaies That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away any of the Rights Duties or Customes of or belonging to the Office and Place of his Majesties Aulnager or his Deputy or Deputies within the said West Riding But that hee or they shall or may from time to time [execute1] do and performe all and every matter and thing to him [or1] them belonging according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realm And alsoe receive all Fees due and accustomed to the said Office belonging in as large and ample manner as he [or1] they might or ought to have done before the making of this j?«?ent Act Any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That neither the said Supervisers Masters Wardens and Assistants nor any of them nor any other person or persons free of the said Corporation of Broad Woollen Clothiers shall by any Authority derived from this Act or by colour thereof set or impose any other or lesser Rates or Wages upon any inferiour Workmen Servants or Labourers to bee impioyed by them or any of them in the said Manufacture then such as shall bee from time to time allowed and approved of by the Justices of the Peace in theire Quarter Sessions according to the Lawes and Statutes touching Labourers in that case made and provided.

Provided alsoe That this Act continue to the end of the First Session of the next Parliament and no longer.

CHAPTER XXXni.

Rot. Parl. 14 C.//. p. 3. nu. 17.

An Act for preventing the frequent Abuses in printing seditious treasonable and unlicensed Bookes and Pamphlets

and for regulating of Printing and Printing Presses.

Recital that the regulating of Printers is matter of public Care, and that many hare been of late encouraged to print and sell seditious Pamphlets, Arc.

WHEREAS the well-government and regulating of Printers and Printing Presses is matter of Publique care and of great concernment especially considering that by the general licentiousnes of the late times many evil disposed persons have been encouraged to print and sell heretical schismatical blasphemous seditious and treasonable Bookes Pamphlets and Papers and still doe continue such theire unlawfull and exorbitant practice to the high dishonour of Almighty God the endangering the peace of these Kingdomes and raising a disaffe&ion to His most Excellent Majesty and His Government For prevention whereof no surer meanes can be advised then by reducing and limiting the number of Printing Presses and by ordering and setting the said Art or Mystery of

• and 0.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c.33.

429

Printing by Act of Parliament in manner as herein after is expressed. The Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Consent and Advise of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal & Commons in this present Parliament assembled doth therefore ordaine and enact And be it ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no person or persons whatsoever shall presume to print or cause to be printed either within this Realm of England or any other His Majesties Dominions or in the parts beyond the Seas any heretical seditious schismadcal or offensive Bookes or Pamphlets wherein any Doctrine or Opinion shall be asserted or maintained which is contrary to (1) Christian Faith or the Doctrine or Discipline of the Church of England or which shall or may tend or be to the scandall of Religion or the Church or the Government or Governors of the Church State or Common wealth or of any Corporation or particular person or persons whatsoever nor shall import publish sell or [dispose *] any such Booke or Books or Pamphlets nor shall cause or procure any such to be published or put to sale or to be bound stitched or sowed togeather

No Persons to print Seditious and Heretical Pamphlet!;

or import or publish such Pamphlets.

And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no private person or persons whatsoever shall att any time hereafter print or cause to be printed any Booke or Pamphlet whatsoever unlesse the same Booke and Pamphlet togeather with all and every the Titles Epistles Prefaces Proems Preambles Introductions Tables Dedications and other matters and things thereunto annexed be first entred in the Booke of the Register of the Company of Stationers of London [except Acts of Parliament Proclamations and such other Books and Papers as shall be appointed to be printed by vertue of any Warrant under the Kings Majesties Sign Manual or under the hand of one or both of His Majesties Principal Secretaries of State3] and unlesse the same Booke and Pamphlet and also all and every the said Titles Epistles Prefaces Proems Preambles Introductions Tables Dedications and other matters and things whatsoever thereunto annexed or therewith to be imprinted shall be first lawfully licensed and authorized to be printed by such person and persons only as shall be constituted and appointed to license the same according to the direction and true meaning of this present Act herein after expressed and by no other (that is to say) That all Books concerning the Common Lawes of this Realm shall be printed by the special allowance of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the time being the Lords Cheife Justices and Lord Cheife Baron for the time being or one or more of them or by theire or one or more of theire appointments And that all Books of History concerning the State of this Realm or other Books concerning any Affaires of State shall be licensed by the Principal Secretaries of State for the time being or one of them or by theire or one of theire appointments And that all Bookes to bee imprinted concerning Heraldry Titles of Honour and Armes or otherwise concerning the Office of Earle Marshal shall be licensed by the Earl Marshal for the time being or by his appointment or in case there shall not then be an Earl Marshal shall be licensed by the Three Kings of Armes Garter. Clarenceux and Norroy or any two of them whereof Garter Principal King of Armes to be one And that all other Bookes to bee imprinted or reprinted whether of Divinity Phisick Philosophy or whatsoever other Science or Art* shall be first licensed and allowed by the Lord Arch Bishop of Canterbury and [the4] Lord Bishop of London for the time being or one of them or by theire or one of theire appointments or by either one of the Chancellors or Vice-Chancellors of either of the Universities of this Realme for the time being Provided alwaies that the said Chancellors or Vice Chancellors of either of the said Universities shall only license such Bookes as are to be imprinted or reprinted within the limits of the said Universities respectively but not in London or else where not medling either with Bookes of the Common Lawes or matters of State or Government nor any Booke or Bookes the right of printing whereof doth solely and properly belong to any particular person or persons without his or theire Consent first obtained in that behalfe

II.

No prime Person to print any Book, Arc. unless first entered with the Stationers* Company of London; Exceptions; and unleu first duly licensed.

Common Law Books to be licensed by Lord Chancellor, See.

Books of History, Affairs of State,

See. by Secretary of State.

Books of Heraldry &c. by the Ear! Marshal or Kings of Arms.

All other Books by Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London,

See.

Proviso respecting Licences by the Chancellors, &c. of the Universities.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every person and persons who by vertue of this present Act are or shall be appointed or authorized to license the imprinting of Bookes or reprinting thereof with any Additions or Amendments as aforesaid shall have one written Copy of the same Booke or Bookes which shall be soe licensed to be imprinted or reprinted with the Titles Epistles Prefaces Tables Dedications and all other things whatsoever thereunto annexed which said Copy shall be delivered by such Licenser or Licensers to the Printer or Owner for the imprinting thereof and shall be safely and intirely returned by such Printer or owner after the imprinting thereof unto such Licenser or Licensers to be kept in the publick Registrys of the said Lord Archbishop or Lord Bishop of London respectively or in the Office of the Chancellor or Vice Chancellor of either the said Universities or with the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal for the time being or Lord Cheife Justices or Cheif Baron or one of them or the said Principal Secretaries of State or with the Earle Marshall or the said Kings of Armes or one of them of all such Books as shall be licensed by them respectively and if [such Booke so to be licensed shall be an English Booke or of the English Tongue there shall be twoe Written Copies thereof delivered to the Licenser or Licensers (if he or they shall so require) one Copy whereof so licensed shall be delivered back to the said Printer or Owner and the other Copy shall be reserved and kept as is aforesaid *] to the end such Licenser or Licensers may be secured that the Copy so licensed shall not be altered without his or theire privity And upon the said Copy licensed to be imprinted he or they who shall so license the same shall testifie under his or their hand or hands That there is not any thing in the same contained that is contrary to Christian Faith or the Doctrine or Discipline of the Church of England or against the State or Government of this Realme or contrary to good life or good manners or otherwise as the nature and subject of the Worke shall require which License or Approbation shall be printed in the begining of the same Booke with the Name or Names of him or them that shall authorize or license the same for a Testimony of the allowance thereof

III.

Every Person authorized to license, to have one written Copy of the Book; which is to be delivered by Licenser to the Owner for printing, and afterwards returned to the Licenser to be kept.

If such Book be in English,

Two written Copies, if required, to be delivered to Licenser.

How to be disposed of Licenser to testify under his Hand.

Licence to be printed at the beginning of the Book.

14° Car. II. c.33.

A.D. 1662.

IV.

Merchants and Importers of Books to import the tame into London only, unless special Licence j

and to present a true Catalogue thereof to the said Archbishop, &c.

and not to open Packages, nor Officer to pass the same,

(Penalty)

before a Person duly appointed, and one of the Stationers' Company, be present.

If seditious, Sec. Books found, to be brought to the said Archbishop, &c.

Proceedings against Offenders, See.

V.

No Persons to print or import Copies of Books, Books, Indentures, &c. in which others have any Right by Letters Patent, Sec. solely to print, without the Consent of the Owners j

nor bind or stitch such Books or Copies without the like Consent; Penalty.

How to be disposed of.

Limitation of Suit for the same.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Merchant of Bookes and person and persons whatsoever who doth or hereafter shall import or bring any Booke or Books into this Realm from any parts beyond the Seas shall import the same in the Pott of London only and not elsewhere without the special License of the Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London for the time being or one of them who are hereby authorized to grant Licenses for that purpose and shall before such time as the same Booke or Books or any of them be delivered forth or out of his or theire hand or hands or exposed to sale give and present a true Note or Catalogue in writing of all and every such Booke [or' ] Bookes unto the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Bishop of London for the time being or to one of them And no Merchant or other person or persons whatsoever which shall import or bring any Booke or Books into the Port of London aforesaid from any parts beyond the Seas shall presume to open any Dry Fats Bales Packs Maunds or other Fardels of Bookes or wherein Bookes are nor shall any Searcher Waiter or other Officer belonging to the Custom house upon pain of losing his or their place or places suffer the same to passe or to be delivered out of his or theire hands or Custody before such time as the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and the Lord Bishop of London for the time being or one of them shall have appointed some Scholar or learned man with one or more of the said Company of Stationers and such others as they shall call to theire assistance to be present at the opening thereof and to view the same And if there shall happen to be found any Heretical Seditious Scandalous Schismatical or other dangerous or offensive Booke or Books or any part of such Booke or Bookes printed in English they shall forthwith be brought to the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Bishop of London for the time being or to one of them or to some publick place to bee assigned and chosen by the said Lord Archbishop and Lord Bishop for the time being to the end the person and persons which importeth or causeth the said Offensive Books to bee imported may be proceeded against as an offender against this present A & And alsoe that such further course may be taken concerning the same offensive Booke or Books as by the said Lord Archbishop and Bishop for the time being shall be thought fitting for the suppressing thereof

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no person or persons shall within this Kingdome or

else where imprint or cause to bee imprinted nor shall import or bring in or cause to be imported or brought into

this Kingdome from or out of any other His Majesties Dominions nor from any other parts beyond the Seas any Copy or Copies Booke or Bookes or part of any Book or Bookes or Forms of blanck Bills or Indentures for any His Majesties Islands printed beyond the Seas or else where which any person or persons by force or vertue of any Letters Patents granted or assigned or which shall hereafter be granted or assigned to him or them

or (where the same are not granted by any Letters Patents) by force or vertue of any Entry or Entries thereof

duly made or to be made in the Register Booke of the said Company of Stationers or in the Register Booke of either of the Universities respectively have or shall have the Right Priviledge Authority or Allowance solely to print without the consent of the Owner or Owners of such Booke or Bookes Copy or Copies Form or Forms of such blanck Bills nor shall binde stitch or put to Sale any such Booke or Books or part of any [such1] Booke or Books Form or Forms without the like consent upon pain of losse and forfeiture of the same and of being proceeded against as an Offender against this present Act and upon the further penalty and forfeiture of Six shillings eight pence for every such Booke or Books or part of such Booke or Bookes Copy or Copies or Form or Forms of any such blanck Bills or Indentures so imprinted or imported bound stitched or put to sale The Moyetie of which said Forfeiture & Forfeitures shall be to the use of our Soveraigne Lord the King His Heires and Successors and the other Moyety to the use of the Owner or Owners Proprietor or Proprietors of such Copy or Copies Booke or Bookes or Form of such blank Bills or Indentures if he or they shall sue for the same within Six moneths next after such imprinting importing binding stitching or putting to Sale And in default of such Suit by the Owner or Owners Proprietor or Proprietors commenced within the said Six moneths Then the same Moyety shall be to the use and behoofe of such other person or persons as within the space of one yeare next after the said Offence committed shall sue for the same to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of his Majesties Courts of Record held att Westminster called the Kings Bench Common Pleas or Exchequer wherein no Essoign Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed to the Defendant or Defendants

VI.

Printers of Books, See. to set their Names thereto, and declare the Name of the Author if required.

Penalty.

No Person to print or forge the Name of the Person having sole Right to print any Book.

Penalty.

And be it further enacted and declared That every person and persons that shall hereafter print or cause to be printed any Booke Ballad Chart Pourtra&ure or any other thing or things whatsoever shall thereunto or thereon print and set his or theire owne Name or Names and alsoe shall declare the Name of the Author thereof if he be thereunto required by the Licenser under whose Approbation the licensing of the said Booke Ballad Chart or Pourtraiture shall be authorized and by and for whom any such Booke or other thing is or shall be printed upon paine of Forfeiture of all such Books Ballads Charts Pourtraitures and other thing or things printed contrary to the Tenor hereof And the Presses Letters and other Instruments for printing wherewith such Book Ballad Pourtraiture or other thing or things shall be so imprinted or sett or prepared for the printing thereof to be defaced and made unserviceable And that no person or persons shall hereafter print or cause to bee imprinted nor shall forge put or counterfeit in or upon any Booke or Pamphlet the Name Title Marke or Vinnet of any other person or persons which hath or shall have lawfull Priviledge Authority or Allowance of sole printing the same without the free consent of the person and persons so priviledged first had and obtained upon pain that every person and persons so offending shall forfeit and lose all such Books and Pamphlets upon which such counterfeit Name or Marke shall be imprinted and shall further be proceeded against as an Offender against this present A&.

A.D. 1662

14° Car. II. c.33.

431

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no Haberdasher of Small Wares Ironmonger Chandler Shopkeeper or other person or persons whatsoever not being licensed in that behalfe by the Lord Bishop of the Diocesse wherein such Booke or Bookes shall be having been Seven yeares Apprentice to the Trade of Booke seller Printer or Bookbinder nor being a Freeman of the City of London by Patrimonial Right as Son of a Booke seller Printer or Booke binder nor being a Member of the said Company of Stationers shall within the City or Suburbs of London or any other Market Towne or elsewhere receive take or buy [or1] barter sell againe change or doe away any Bibles Testaments Psalm books Common Prayer books Primers Abcees Licensed Almanacks Grammar School books or other Book or Books whatsoever upon pain of forfeiture of the same

VII.

No Haberdasher of Small Wares, Sec. not licensed, nor being a Freeman of London, nor a Member of the Stationers’ Company, to sell. Sec. Books, See.

Penalty.

And for that printing is and for many yeares hath been an Art & Manufacture of this Kingdom Therefore for the better encouraging thereof and the prevention of divers Libels Pamphlets and Seditious Books printed beyond the Seas in English and thence transported into this Realm Be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid That no Merchant Bookseller or other person or persons whatsoever shall imprint or cause to be imprinted beyond the Seas nor shall import or bring nor knowingly assist or consent to the importation or bringing from beyond the Seas into this Realm any English Booke or Books or part of any Booke which is or shall bee or the greater part thereof is or shall be English or of the English Tongue whether the same Booke Books or part of such Book have been here formerly printed or not upon pain of forfeiture of all such English Books so imprinted or imported contrary to the tenour hereof And that no Alien or Forreigner whatsoever shall hereafter bring in or be suffered to vend here within this Realm any Book or Books printed beyond the Seas in any Language whatsoever either by himselfe or his Factor or Factors except such only as bee Free Printers or Stationers of London or such as have been brought up in that Profession without the special License of the Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London for the time being or one of them who are hereby authorized to grant Licenses for that purpose upon like pain of forfeiture of all such Books as shall be soe imprinted or vended contrary to the purport and true intent hereof

VJU.

No Merchant or other Person to print beyond Sea or import English Books, kc.

Penalty.

Aliens not to import or vend Books in any Language printed beyond Sea, (Exception) without special Licence of Archbishop, See. \ Penalty.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That no person or persons within the City of London or the Liberties thereof or elsewhere shall erect or cause to be erected any Presse or Printing House nor shall knowingly demise or let or willingly suffer to be held or used any House Vault Cellar or other Room whatsoever to or by any person or persons for a Printing House or Place to print in unlesse he or they who erect such Presse or shall so knowingly demise or let such House Cellar Vault or Room or willingly suffer the same to be used shall first give notice to the Master or Wardens of the said Company of Stationers for the time being of the erecting of such Presse or of such demise or suffering to worke or print in such House Vault Cellar or Room And that no Joyner Carpenter or other person shall make any Printing Presse no Smith shall forge any Iron worke for a Printing Presse no Founder shall cast any Letters which may be used for printing for any person or persons whatsoever neither shall any person or persons bring or cause to be brought in from any parts beyond the Seas any Letters founded or cast nor shall buy any such Letters for printing Printing Presses or other Materials belonging unto printing unlesse he or they respectively shall first acquaint the said Master and Wardens of the said Company of Stationers for the time being or some or one of them for whom the same Presses Iron Worke or Letters are to be made forged cast brought or imported upon pain that every person who shall erect any such Printing Press or shall demise or let any House or Room or suffer the same to be held or used and every person who shall make any Printing Press or any Iron worke for a Printing Presse or shall make import or buy any Letters for printing without giving notice as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of Five pounds the one Moyety whereof shall be to the use of our Soveraign Lord the King His Heires and Successors and the other Moyety to the use of such person or persons as shall sue for the same

IX.

No Person to erc& a Printing Press or House, or let Premises for Printing, without giving Notice to the Stationers' Company.

No Carpenter, See. to make a Printing Press, or cast Letters, nor import Letters;

without first acquainting Stationers' Company.

Penalty,

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the time to come no man shall be admitted to be a Master Printer untill they who are now actually Master Printers shall be by death or otherwise reduced to the number of Twenty and from thence forth the number of Twenty Master Printers shall be continued and no more besides the Kings Printers and the Printers allowed for the Universities to have the use and exercise of printing of Books at one time and but four Master Founders of Letters for printing The which said Master Printers and four Master Founders of Letters for printing shall be nominated appointed and allowed by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Bishop of London for the time being And in case of death of any one of the said four Master Founders of Letters or of the said Master Printers or of Forfeiture or avoidance of any of their Places and Priviledges to print by vertue of this Act for any Offence contrary to the same or otherwise that then the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Bishop of London for the time being or one of them shall nominate and appoint such other fit person or persons to succeed and supply the place of such Master Printer or Founder of Letters as shall be void by Death Forfeiture or otherwise as aforesaid And every person and persons which shall hereafter be allowed or permitted to have the use of a Printing Presse or Printing House upon or before such his allowance obtained shall become bound with Sureties to His Majesty in the Court of Kings Bench or before some one or more of the Justices of Assize or the Justices of the Peace at theire several Quarter Sessions in the sum of three hundred pounds not to print or suffer to be printed in his house or presse any Booke or Bookes whatsoever but such as shall from time to time be lawfully licensed.

X.

No Person to be admitted a Master Printer till the Master Printers be reduced to Twenty,

(Exception) which number is to be continued, and Four Master Letter Founders.

In case of Death, kc. of any Master Printer or Founder, the said Archbishop, kc, to appoint another.

Persons allowed to have a Printing Press, &c. to give Security in 4^300.

1 to 0.

14° Car. II. c.33.

A.D. 16G2.

XI.

The Number of Presses which Master Printers are allowed to keep.

XII.

The Number of Apprentices which Printers (except the King's Printer) and Letter Founders are allowed to take and retain.

Proviso respecting replacing runaway Apprentices.

XIII. Master Printers and Master Letter Founders to take care that Journeymen are employed ; and if Journeyman be out of Employ, he is on Application to be received, if Master Printer have not a Journeyman, though himself and his Apprentices can do his Work. Penalty £$.

Journeymen refusing Employment, or nejglecting

Imprisonment.

Masters not to employ any but Englishmen and Freemen, or Sons of Freemen, and Apprentices.

XIV. Messengers of the King’s Chamber by Warrant underSign Manual or the Hand of Secretary of State, or Master and Wardens of Stationers’ Company, with a Constable, may search Houses, &c. for Books, &c. and may demand a Sight of Licence; and seize Books and Offenders. Justices may imprison.

If Searchers find unlicensed Book which they sutpeft, they may seize and take it to Archbishop, &c.

Proceedings.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That none of the said Master Printers to be allowed from time to time as aforesaid shall keep above Two Printing Presses at once unlesse he hath been Master or Upper Warden of the Company who are hereby allowed to keepe Three Presses and no more unlesse for some great and special occasion for the Publique he or they have for a time leave of the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury or Lord Bishop of London for the time being to have or use one or more above the aforesaid Number as theire Lordships or either of them shall thinke fit

And be it alsoe enabled by the Authority aforesaid That no Printer or Printers (except the Kings Printers) nor Founder or Founders of Letters for printing shall take or retain any more or greater number of Apprentices then is herein after limited and appointed (that is to say) every Master Printer and Master Founder of Letters for printing that is or hath been Master or Upper Warden of his Company may have three Apprentices at one time and no more And every Master Printer and Master Founder of Letters for printing that is of the Livery of his Company may have two Apprentices at one rime and no more And every Master Printer and Master Founder of Letters for printing of the Yeomanry of his Company may have one Apprentice at one time and no more neither by Copartnership binding at the Scriveners nor any other way whatsoever neither shall it be lawfull for any Master Printer or Master Founder of Letters when any Apprentice or Apprentices shall run or be put away to take another

Apprentice or other Apprentices in his or theire place or places unlesse the name or names of him or them so

gone away be rased out of the Hall Booke and never admitted againe

And because a great part of the secret Printing in corners hath been caused for want of orderly imployment for Journey men Printers The said several Master Printers and Master Founders of Letters for Printing so to bee allowed as aforesaid are hereby required to take special Care that all Journey men Printers and Journey men Founders of Letters for printing who are lawfully Free of the said respective Mysteries be set to worke and imployed in theire respective Trades And if any such Journey man Printer or Journey man Founder of Letters being of honest and good behaviour and able in his Trade do want Imployment he shall repair to any of the said Master Printers or Master Founders of Letters respectively for the time being who thereupon shall receive him or them into Worke If such Master Printer or Master Founder of Letters [have not a Journeyman already although such Kir Printer or Mr Founder of Letters1] respectively with his Apprentice or Apprentices be able without the helpe of the said Journey man to discharge his owne Work upon pain that every Master Printer and Master Founder of Letters respectively refusing to receive such Journey man repairing to him as aforesaid shall forfeit five pounds to be recovered by Bill Plaint or Information in any Court of Record wherein no Essoign Wager at Law Priviledge or Protection shall be admitted the Moyety of which forfeiture shall go to the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors and the other Moyety to the Informer who shall sue for the same within six monthes next after the said offence

committed And if any Journey man or Journey men Printers or Founders of Letters for Printing shall refuse

imployment being offered to him or them by any Master Printer or Master Founder of Letters respectively or neglect it when he or they have undertaken it he or they so refuseing or neglecting shall suffer three moneths Imprisonment at the least without Bail or Mainprize upon conviction of such his said refusal or neglect by two Witnesses before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace who are hereby impowered to heare and examine the said offence and to commit the said Offender and Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County where he or they shall be apprehended And no Master Printer or Master Founder of Letters for Printing shall from henceforth imploy either to worke at the Case or Press or otherwise about his Printing any other person or persons then such only as are Englishmen and Freemen or the Sons of Free men or Apprentices to the said Trades or Mysteries of Printing or Founding of Letters for Printing respectively

And for the better discovering of printing in Comers without License Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That [one or more of the Messengers of his Majesties Chamber by Warrant under His Majesties Sign Manual or under the Hand of one or both of His Majesties principal Secretares of State or*] the Master and Wardens of the said Company of Stationers or any one of them shall have power and authority with a Constable to take unto them such assistance as they shall thinke needfull and att what time they shall thinke fitt to search all Houses and Shops where they shall knowe or upon some probable reason suspect any Books or Papers to be printed bound or stitched especially Printing Houses Booksellers Shops and Warehouses and Bookbinders Houses and Shops and to view there what is imprinting binding or stitching and to examine whether the same be licensed and to demand a sight of the said License and if the said Booke soe imprinting binding or stitching shall not be licensed then to seize upon so much thereof as shall be found imprinted togeather with the several Offenders and to bring them before one or more Justices of the Peace whoe are hereby authorized and required to commit such Offenders to Prison there to remaine untill they shall be tried and acquitted or convicted and punished for the said Offences And (J) case the said Searchers shall upon theire said Search find any Booke or Bookes or part of Bookes unlicensed which they shall suspect to contain matters therein contrary to the DoCtrine or Discipline of the Church of England or against the State and Government Then upon such suspition to seise upon such Book or Books or part of Book or Books and to bring the same unto the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Bishop of London for the time being or one of them or to the Secretaries of State or one of them respectively who shall take such further course for the suppressing thereof as to them or any of them shall seeme fit.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

3 in 0.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II. c. 33.

433

And be it ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every Printer and Printers of Books Founder and Founders of Letters for Printing and all and every other person and persons working in or for the said Trades who from and after the Tenth day of June in the Yeare One thousand six hundred sixty and two shall offend against this present Act or any Article Clause or Thing herein contained and shall be thereof convicted by verdict confession or otherwise shall for the first offence be disenabled from exercising his respective Trade for the space of three yeares and for the second offence shall for ever thence after be disabled to use or exercise the Art or Mystery of Printing or of Founding Letters for Printing and shall alsoe have and receive such further punishment by Fine Imprisonment or other Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb as by the Justices of the Court of Kings Bench or Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Justices of Assize in theire several Circuits or Justices of the Peace in theire several Quarter Sessions shall be thought fitt to be inflicted The which said Justices of the Peace in theire several Quarter Sessions shall have full power and authority to heare and determine all and every offence and offences that shall be committed against this Act or against any branch thereof upon indictment or information by any person or persons to be taken before them in theire Sessions of Peace respectively and shall yearely certifie into the Court of Exchequer as in other like Cases they are bound to doe the Fines by them imposed for any the offences aforesaid and shall and may alsoe by vertue hereof award process and execution for the taking or punishing such Offenders as in any other Case they lawfully may do by any the Lawes and Statutes of this Realm

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Printer shall reserve three printed Copies of

the best and largest Paper of every Book new printed or reprinted by him with Additions and shall before any

publick venting of the said Book bring them to the Master of the Company of Stationers and deliver them to him one whereof shall be delivered to the Keeper of his Majesties Library and the other two to be sent to the Vice-Chancellors of the two Universities respectively for the use of the Publique Libraries of the said Universities

Provided alwaies That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to the pjudice or infringing of any the just Rights and Priviledges of either of the two Universities of this Realm touching and concerning the licensing or printing of Books in either of the said Universities

Provided alwaies That no search shall be att any time made in the House or Houses of any the Peers of this

Realm or of any other person or persons not being free of or using any of the Trades in this Act before

mentioned but by special Warrant from the Kings Majestie under His Sign Manual or under the Hand of one or both of His Majesties principal Secretaries of State or for any other Books then such as are in printing or shall be printed after the Tenth of June One thousand six hundred sixty two Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

[Provided alsoe That neither this Act nor any thing therein conteined shall extend to prohibit any Booke seller who hath served seven yeares and is free of the Company of Stationers London from importing or bringing into this Realme any Bookes ready bound not formerly prohibited which have beene printed ten yeares before the said importation Any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall be construed to prohibit any person or persons to sell Books or Papers who have sold Books or Papers within Westminster Hall the Palace of Westminster or in any Shopp or Shopps within twenty yards of the great Gate of Westminster Hall aforesaid before the Twentieth day of November One thousand six hundred sixty and one but they and every of them may sell Books and Papers as they have or did before the said Twentieth Day of November One thousand six hundred sixty one within the said Hall Pallace and twenty yards aforesaid but not else where Any thing in this Act tq the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alsoe That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to fpjudice the just Rights or Priviledges granted by His Majesty or any of his Royall Predecessors to any person or persons under His Majesties Great Seale or otherwise but that such person or persons may exercise and use such Rights and Priviledges as aforesaid according to theire respective Grants Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alsoe That neither this Act nor any (!) therein contained shall extend to prohibit John Streater Stationer from printing Bookes and Papers but that he may still follow the Art and Mistery of Printing as if this Act had never beene made Any thing therein to the contrary notwithstanding1]

[Provided alsoe That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to restrain the keeping and

using of a Printing Presse in the City of Yorke so as all Bookes of Divinity there printed be first licensed by the

Archbishop of Yorke for the time being or such person or persons whom he shall appoint and all other Bookes whatsoever there printed be first licensed by such persons respectively to whom the licensing thereof doth or shall appertain by the rules herein before mentioned and so as no Bibles be there printed nor any other Booke whereof the Original Copy is or shall [be3] belonging to the Company of Stationers in London or any Member thereof and so as the Archbishop or Lord Mayor of Yorke for the time being do execute within the said. City (which they are hereby impowered to do) all the Powers and Rules in this Act concerning Searchers for unlicensed Bookes and

impose and levy the said penalties in the like cases Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding1]

[Provided That this Act shall continue and be in force for two yeares to commence from the Tenth of June One thousand six hundred sixty and two and no longer.1]

XV. Printer*, Letter Founders, See. working for the Trade, offending.

First Offence, Punishment.

Second Offence, Punishment.

Quarter Sessions may determine Offences

and to certify Fines to the Exchequer

rT,T:

and may award Process and Execution*

XVI. Printers to reserve Three Copies of every Book, one for the King's Library, and one for each of the Universities*

XVII. Proviso for Universities licensing.

XVIII. NoSearch in Houses of Peers, or of Persons using other Trades, without special Licence.

XIX.

Booksellers may import certain Books ready bound not formerly prohibited.

XX.

Proviso for Persons who have sold Books or Papers in Westminster Hall, Palace of Westminster, &c.

XXI. Proviso for Grantees under the Great Seal, 8cc.

XXII. Proviso for John Streater, Stationer.

XXIII. Proviso for keeping and using a Printing Press in the City of York with Conditions.

XXIV. Continuance of A&.

434

14° Car. II.

A.D. 1663.

ITEM quedam Petiflines privatas personas conceraentes (in se fbrmam Actus condnentes) exhibite fuerunt f?dicto

Domino Regi Parliamento pdiSo qua£ Tituli subscribuntur

1. An Act for the setting of the Estate of James late Duke of Richmond and Lenos according to Agreement of Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenos Mary Dutchesse of Dowager of Richmond and Lenos and the Lady Mary her daughter and the Trustees of the said Lady Dutchesse.

2. An Act for confirmation of certain Letters Patents made and to be made to the Right Noble Lord George

Duke of Albemarle of several Honors Mannors and Hereditaments graunted or mentioned to be granted to him

by his Majesde

3. An Act for confirming the Estate of John Marquesse of Winchester in certain Manors and Lands whereof

the Deeds and Evidences were burnt and lost at the taking of the Castle of Basing

4. An Act to confirm the Sale of certain Lands sold by Ferdinando late Earle of Huntingdon for the payment of his owne and his Fathers debts.

5. An Act for the reversing the Earle of Strafford his Attainder.

6. An Act for setling a Capital Messuage or Mansion House with the Appurtenances in Kensington in the County of Middlesex upon Baptist Viscount Campden and his Heires.

7. An Act for confirming an Act for restoring to Thomas Lord Culpeper Son and Heire and sole Executor of John Lord Culpeper Baron of Thorsway and Master of the Rolls deceased all his Honors Manors Lands and Tenements Leases not determined and Hereditaments whatsoever whereof the said John Lord Culpeper was in possession on the twentieth of May 164a or att any time after which have not beene since sold or aliened by the said John late Lord Culpeper by Acts or Assurances to which himselfe was party and consenting

8. An Act to enable the Bishop of London to Lease out the Tenements now built upon the Scite of his Palace in London.

9. An Act for the Naturalizing of Philadelphia Wife to the Right Honorable Thomas Lord Wentworth.

10. An Act for confirming several Acts therein mentioned.

11. An Act for confirming two Acts therein mentioned.

12. An Act for the Endowment of several Churches by the Lord Viscount Scudamore of Sligo in the Realm of Ireland

13. An Act for the disuniting the Hundreds of Dudston and Kings Barton from the County of the City of Gloucester and restoring them to be part of the County of Gloucester.

14. An Act for the making Navigable of the Rivers of Stower and Salwerp and the Rivulets and Brookes running into the same in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

15. An Act for the making navigable of the Rivers of Wye and Lugg and the Rivers and Brookes running into the same in the Counties of Hereford Gloucester and Monmouth.

16. An Act for setling certain Mannors and Lands late of Sir James Enyons Baronet on Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton Baronet and Sir Charles Aderly Knight his surviving Trustees to sell for payment of his Debts.

17. An Act for confirmation of certain Decrees of Sewers made by the Commissioners for the limits of the Level of the River of Ancholm in the County of Lincoln.

18. An Act for confirming a Decree made on the behalfe of Thomas Derham Esq> and the Improvements Exchanges and Allotments therein mentioned.

19. An Act for the enabling Sir Thomas Lee Baronet to exchange some Lands setled upon the Marriage of Dame Anne Lee his nowe Wife in consideration of another Settlement of Lands of equal value in lieu thereof.

20. An Act for discharging the Mannors of Stodscomb & Holwell and other Lands in the County of Devon from the trust of one hundred and fifty yeares made unto John Earle of Exeter John Earl of Bridgewater and Oliver Earl of Bolingbrooke

21. An Act for supplying a supposed defect of the words Stand and be seized in a Deed for setling of divers Manors and Lands on Sir Henry Frederick Thynne.

22. An Act for confirming the Copyhold Estates of divers of His Majesties Copyhold Tenants within the Honour of Clitherow in the County Palatine of Lancaster parcell of the Dutchy of Lancaster according unto several Decrees in the Court of Dutchy Chamber of the said County Palatine

23. An Act for confirmation of the Estates of several Tenants and Copy holders of the Mannors of Rannes Irchester Rushden & several other Manors parcels of the Dutchy of Lancaster

24. An Act for confirming explaining and enlarging an Act intituled An Act for the leavying of certain Moneys due upon the Collection for the Protestants of Piedmont.

25. An Act to inable the sale of some of the Lands of William Mil ward Esquire for payment of some of his Debts.

A.D. 1662.

14° Car. II.

435

26. An Act vesting certain Lands in Bleasby in Sir John Mounson the younger Robert Thorold Esquire and Anthony Eyre the elder Esq* & their heires to sell for payin' of the debts of Sir Robert Dallison and William Dallison.

27. An Act to enable the Trustees of Henry Nevil Esq> to sell certain Mannors Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Yorke and Leicester for payment of his and his son William Nevils debts and likewise to confirm and strengthen the sale of such Lands as they have already sold in the County of Yorke

28. An Act for the making void certain Fines unduly procured to be leavyed by Sir Edward Powel Knight and Baronet and Dame Mary his wife

29. An Act for sale of Sir Robert Slingsby deceased his Lands for payment of his debts

30. An Act to enable Sir Anthony Brown to sell Lands for payment of Debts.

31. An Act to enable Anthony Etrick to sell Lands for payment of his Debts

32. An Act for the naturalizing of Anna Ferrers and several other persons named therein

33. An Act for the Naturalization of Mark le Pla and others.

34. An Act for the repairing of Bengworth Bridge in the County of Worcester

35. An Act to enable Rowland Okeover Esq> to sell certain Lands in the County of Derby

36. An Act to enable Mrs Clemence Rivers and Mrs Rose Rivers to sell certain Lands and Houses for payment of the Debts of Edward Rivers Esq> deceased and provision for his younger children

37. An Act enabling Thomas Peck Esq> to sell a Manor and some Lands in the County of Norfolk for the payment of his Debts and other uses

38. An Act for confirmation of Agreements made between Thomas Bushell Esqs and the Miners of Rowpits in Somersettshire for recovering their drowned and deserted workes

39. An Act for the setling certain Lands belonging unto Francis Hndal Gentleman upon Trustees to be sold for the payment of Debts.

40. An Act for confirmation of three Acts therein mentioned.

( 486 )

0. «*. *8.

Recital of the had State of the Roads in the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, and Huntington)

and the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws is not sufficient for the effectual repairing of the same.

Four Justices for each of the said Counties may appoint Nine Surreyon.

Anno 15° CARO LI, II. A.D. 1663.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second,

And by several Prorogations Continued until the Twenty-seventh Day of July,

In the FIFTEENTH Year of the same King,

In the Second Session of the same Parliament.

i&otulo iSarliamentt he anno i&egnt fttgts Carol! $>ecunOt> SDeeimo qutnto.

In

PARLIAMENTO inchoaf et ten! apud Westfii OCfcavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenissimi atq> Excellentissimi Domini nn Caroli S£di Dei Gra Anglie SC&e Francie et Hibinie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Decimo-tertio et per seperales Prorogates usq^ ad Vicessimum septimu Die Julij Anno d& Dini Regis dedmo-quinto continual (vizt) in s£da ejusdem Parliamenti Sessione) C5muni omniu Dominoru tam Spualiu quam Temporaliu, et Comunitads Consensu et Regie Majestatis Assensu sancta inacdtata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequenda hec Statuta ad verbum ut sequitur

Publique Acts.

CHAPTER I. C)

An Act for repairing the Highwayes within the Countyes of Hertford Cambridge and Huntington

WHEREAS the aundent Highway and Poaft Roade leading from London to Yorke, and soe into Scotland, and likewise from London into Lincolnshire lyeth for many miles in the Countyes of Hertford, Cambridge and Hundhgton, in many of which places, the Roade, by reason of the great and many Loades, which are weekly drawne in Waggons through the said places, aswell by reason of the great Trade of Barley and Mault, that cometh to Ware, and so is conveyed by water to the City of London, as other Carriages, both from the North parts, as also from the City of Norwich, Saint Edmunds Bury, and the Towne of Cambridge to London, is very ruinous, and become almost impassible, insomuch, that it is become very dangerous to all His Majesties Leige people that passe that way, And for that the ordinary course appointed by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme is not sufficient for the effectual repairing and amending of the same, neither are the Inhabitants through which the said Road doth lye of ability to repaire the same, without some other provision of moneys to be raised, towards the putting the same into good and sufficient Repayre, For remedy whereof and to the intent the said Highwayes, at or in the Countyes aforesaid, may bee forthwith effectually repaired and amended, and from time to time hereafter kept in good repayres, May it please your Majesty that it may bee enacted, And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the surveying, ordering, repairing, and keeping in Repaire of the said Highway in the Countyes aforesaid, Foure Justices of the Peace for each of the said severall and respective Countyes, dwelling next to the said Highwayes respectively, or any two of them, for the yeare, One thousand six hundred sixty three, and untill the Quarter Sessions then next ensueing, and from thenceforth the Justices of the Peace at the Sessions, to bee holden next after [Easter2] every yeare, for the said respective Countyes, from time to time, shall, and are hereby impowered, to nominate and appoint Nine sufficient and able persons, residing and inhabiting, within the said severall and respective Countyes, to bee Surveyors of the severall places, in the said Highway for the yeare, from thence next ensueing, The Justices of the Peace for the County of Hertford, to appoint Surveyors for the Highway lying in the said severall Townes and Parishes of the said County, and the Justices of the Peace in the

1 This Act is not entered on the Roll as a Public ACk, but the Title is entered amongst the Private ACks. It is here inserted from the Original Act, and is entered in the Long Calendar N° 28. at the Parliament Office.

* interlined.

15° Car. II. c. 1.

437

County of Cambridge to appoint Surveyors for the severall Townes and Parishes, within their said County of Cambridge, And the Justices of Peace for the County of Huntington, to appoint Surveyors for the severall Townes and Parishes of the said County, And that the said Justices or Surveyors aforesaid, shall not act or doe any thing, towards the Repaires of the said Highwayes, but in their owne severall and respective Countyes, And that the said Justices in their severall Countyes, shall cause notice to bee given to the severall Surveyors soe chosen in writeing of their said choice, which said Surveyors and every of them having no lawfull impediment, to bee allowed by the said Justices, by whom they shalbee chosen, in manner as aforesaid, within one weeke next after such notice to them given of their Election, shall and are hereby required to meet and assemble themselves together, (that is to say) the Surveyors for the County of Hertford, in some convenient place within the County of Hertford, and the Surveyors chosen for the County of Cambridge in some convenient place within their County, and the surveyors chosen for the County of Huntington, in some convenient place within their said County, to bee appointed by the severall Justices of the said Countyes, at their severall Quarter Sessions, to the intent to veiw and Survey the said Highway and places aforesaid, and shall consider what Reparations shalbee needfull, for repairing of the severall Highwayes and places aforesaid And the said severall Surveyors, in their respective Countyes, shall provide Stones, Gravell, and other materialls and necessaryes, to bee used for and towards the repairing and amending the said Highway, at the places aforesaid, And the said Surveyors, or three or more of them, in their respective Countyes, being so mett and assembled, are hereby authorized to appoint a Receiver or Coileftor of Toll, and such other Officer and Officers as they shall finde necessary in their respective Countyes for carrying on the said Worke (with such moderate allowance, as shalbee thought fitt) to bee approved of by any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said respective County, for which such Officer is chosen, living neere to the said Highway or places aforesaid, or otherwise to bee removed, and other fitt person or persons, to bee chosen in his or their places, by the said Justices, in the said severall and respective Countyes,

Justices or Surveyors to act in their several Counties only.

Notice to Surveyor* of being choten, and Surveyor* to meet within one Week after such Notice,

for the Purpose of viewing and considering of Repairs.

Surveyor* to appoint Collector and other Officers*

Allowance to such Officers to be approved and removed by Two or more Justices*

And for the better effecting thereof Bee it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Surveyors, or any three or more of them, in their severall Countyes, shall from time to time, as they shall see cause, appoint and require, all and every person and persons, inhabiting within three miles of the places aforesaid, being within their severall and respective Countyes, who by any Law or Statute of this Realme now in force, is, or are chargeable, to finde any Wayne, or Cart, for the amending of the Highwayes and every other person and persons chargeable, to labour in the Highwayes, upon reasonable notice, to send his or their Cart or Wayne and Teame, or to come to labour in the said Highway at any the places aforesaid, within their respective Countyes, so furnished, as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme is directed, for the amending of other Highwayes when and soe often, as the said Surveyors for their said severall Countyes, or any three or more of them, shall thinke needfull and appoint, for which the said Surveyors, shall pay unto such Labourers, and to the Owners of such Teames Carts and Waynes, according to the usuall rate of the Countrey And in case any person soe charged, to send his or their Teame to worke as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect soe to doe, such person so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit Ten

shillings for every day, that hee or they shall make such default, and every Labourer Eighteen pence, for every

day, hee shall neglect or refuse to worke as aforesaid

Provided That no person or persons, by virtue of this Act, bee compelled or compellable to labour, or to send his or their Teame Cart or Waggon, for the mending of the said Highway, to any of the said places, being above Three miles distant from his Dwelling house, or not in the same County, nor to labour, or send his or their Teame, Cart or Waggon, for amending of the said Highway, above Three dayes in any one weeke, nor at any dine [in1]

Seed time Hay or Come harvest And in case that any question shall happen to arise, touching the hire to bee given

by the said Suiveyors, for such Teame Cart, or Waggon, or concerning the wages of such Labourers, imployed in mending the said Highwayes, That then the said Justices of the Peace, in the County, where such difference ariseth, or any two or more of them, shall and may determine and set downe, what hire for such Teame Cart or Waggon, and also what wages to such Labourer, shall bee paid or allowed by the said Surveyors, and such Order in that behalfe to bee made shall conclude all parties

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there is not sufficient Gravell, Chaulke, Sand, or Stones, within any Parish, Towne Village or Hamlett, wherein the said Highway or places aforesaid, or any of them doe lye to repaire the said Highway, at any of the places aforesaid, It shall and may bee lawfull, for the said Surveyors, in their severall and respective Countyes, or any three or more of them, and such person and persons, as they shall appoint, to digg, take, and carry away, Gravell, Chaulke Sand or Stones, out of the Wast or Chmon of any neighbouring Parish, Towne, Village, or Hamlett (without paying any thing for the same) for the repairing or amending of the said Highway, at any the places aforesaid, or where there is not sufficient of such materialls, in any Chmon or Wast Ground thereunto neere adjoyning, to digg in the severall grounds of any person or persons, not being an House Garden Orchard, Yard, or Parke stored with Deere, being within any Parish chargeable towards the repaires of the said Highway and places, soe to bee repaired where any such materialls are or may bee found, And from time to time to carry away such, and soe much thereof, as the said Surveyors, or any three or more of them, in their respective Countyes, shall adjudge necessary for the said Reparations, without paying any thing for such materialls, saving only such reasonable satisfaction, to the Owner or Occupyer of the Ground, where the same shall bee soe digged and carryed away, as for the damage hee or they shall thereby susteyne to bee assessed and adjudged, by the said Justices of the County, where the same is digged,

II.

Surveyors to require Persons chargeable

to come with Wains, Cuts, &c.

Surveyors to pay Labourers and Owners of Wains, Carts, See.

Such Persons neglecting, See. Penalty on Owners. Penalty on Labourers.

III.

Distance at which Persons may be compelled to come with their Wains, Carts, &c. or to labour.

Justices of Peace to determine Questions concerning Hire, Sic.

IV.

W here not sufficient Gravel, &c. in any Parish, Surveyors may carry away Gravel, See. out of neighbouring Parishes, See. without paying for the same.

Where not sufficient Materials in Commons, &c. then to dig for the same in Private Grounds (Exception) without paying, but to make Satisfaction to Owners.

1 interlined.

5

T

15° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1C63.

Quarter Sessions to determine the same. Pits, Arc. to be filled up or secured.

V.

Surveyors, with the Approbation of Justices, to appoint Toll Gatherers.

Rates appointed.

In collecting of Toll Places appointed.

Persons refusing to pay Toll,

Horse, Arc. may be detained;

and Expence thereof made good.

Receivers of Toll to account.

Monies to be laid out in Repairs of Roads, &c.

VI. Surveyors to account to Quarter Sessions.

Collectors to pay Monies remaining in Hand to Surveyors, ftc.

Justices to make Allowance to Surveyors.

Collector not duly paying to Surveyor, &c.

or Surveyors not accounting or paying;

Quarter Sessions may proceed

and may imprison until Account rendered.

at the next or any other Quarter Sessions for the said County, in case of difference concerning the same. And that the Pitts and places, where and from whence such materialls, shall bee dugg and carryed away for the Reparations aforesaid, shall with all convenient speed, (to bee adjudged by the [said1] Justices of Peace as aforesaid) bee filled up and levelled with earth or other materialls, or else rayled about, soe as that the same may not bee deemed dangerous or prejudiciall to man or beast.

And for the defraying of the charge of such Reparations, to bee done in the places aforesaid Bee it further enacted, That from and after the choice of the Surveyors aforesaid, it shall and may bee lawfull to and for the Surveyors for the time being, with such consent and approbation as is aforesaid of the said Justices of the severall Countyes, within their owne Countyes, and not elsewhere, to choose and appoint one or more fitt person or persons, to receive or take such sume or sumes of money in the name of Toll or Custome, to bee paid for all such Horses, Carts, Coaches, Waggons, Droves, and Gangs of Cattell, as in time to come shall passe, bee ledd, or droven, in or through the said waye or places aforesaid, as are hereafter by this Act limited and appointed (that is to say),

For every Horse one penny, for every Coach six pence, for every Waggon one shilling, for every Cart eight pence, for every score of Sheepe or Lambes one [halfe1] penny, and so proportionably for greater numbers.

For every score of Oxen or Neat Cattell five pence, and so for every greater or lesser number proportionably,

For every score of Hoggs two pence, and so for every greater or lesser number proportionably, not befog under five.

And that from and after the passing this Act, all and every person or persons, who shall travell with Horse, Coach, Cart, or Waggon, or shall leade or drive any Oxen, Sheepe, Horses, or other Cattell afore mendoned, in and through the Highway and places aforesaid, shall and are hereby required to pay unto the respective Collectors and Receivers of Toll, in the severall Countyes aforesaid, in that behalfe to bee appointed, after the rates aforesaid, The places for collecting of the said Toll to bee, for the County of Hertford at Wades-Mill, and for the County

of Cambridge at Caxton, widiin the said County of Cambridge, and for the County of Huntington, at Sdlton in

the said County of Huntington, and at no other place or places within the said Countyes And in case any person or persons, upon demaund made of Toll aforesaid, by the Collector or Receiver in that behalfe, to be appointed

shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, that then it shall and may bee lawfull, to and for the said Collector or

Receiver appointed for [the1] Receipt of the said Toll, upon such refusal! to distreyne and deteyne such Horsey Cart, Coach Waggon Oxen or other Cattell aforementioned, or any of them, untill the said Toll shalbee satisfied and paid, according to the tenor of this present A &, together with such damages, as the party soe distreyning, shall susteyne, by keeping of such Distresse, of all which money soe to bee received the said Collector or Receivor of Toll soe to bee appointed in the severall Countyes, shall from time to time render true Accounts, and shall pay the money soe by them received, unto the said Surveyors of their severall and respective Countyes, or to any three or more of them, or unto such Treasurers as they shall appoint, when and as often, as they shalbee thereunto required, by the said Surveyors or any three or more of them, by them to bee laid out and expended, for and towards the necessary Repaires and amending of the severall places beforementioned and not elsewhere, within their said severall and respective Countyes

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyors and every of them, in their severall and respective Countyes, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the said County, to bee holden next after Easter [in1] every yeare, shall make and yeild up, unto the Justices of the Peace, there to bee assembled a perfect Accompt in writeing, under their hands, of all the money which they or any of them, shall have received from die said Collector, or Receivor of Toll, in their said County, and likewise of all their disbursements, in and about the said Highway or otherwise, by reason of their Offices, And in case of any overplus of money soe received, remaining in their hands, shall pay the same to the Surveyors to bee chosen for the yeare ensueing, or to the Treasurer or Receivor, by them to bee appointed, to bee disbursed and laid out in the severall places aforesaid, within such County, wherein the overplus doth remaine, and not elsewhere in the yeare ensueing, which said Justices to whom such Account shall bee given, shall out of the benefitt of the [said1] Toll, make such allowance unto the said Surveyors, for and in consideration of their care and paines, taken in the execution of their said Offices, as to them shall seeme good, And in case the Collector or Receivor of the aforesaid Toll, for the respective Countyes, soe to bee paid as aforesaid, shall not upon request duely pay the same unto the said Surveyors of the said County for the time being or the Treasurer or Receivor by them appointed, or in case the said Surveyors, or any of them, shall not make such Account and payment as aforesaid, that then the said Justices, for the severall and respective Countyes, at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to bee holden for the said County, in case of such default of Account or Payment, shall and may make enquiry concerning such default, aswell by the confession of the party es themselves, as by testimony of two or more credible Witnesses upon Oath, and in case of such default, to bee found and adjudged by the said Justices, in their said respective Countyes, either in their said Receivor or Collector of the said Toll, or in their said Surveyors, or any of them, the said Justices, upon such their conviction, shall cdmitt the party or partyes, soe convict to the comon Goale for the said County, there to remaine without Bayle or Maineprize, untill hee or they shall have made a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid

15° Car. II. c. 1.

439

And forasmuch as the moneys soe to bee collected by such receipt of the said Toll, will not at present, raise such a Stocke or Sume of Money, as may bee sufficient for the speedy repairing of the Premisses, in the said severall Countyes of Hertford Cambridge and Huntington, It is hereby further enabled, and the said Surveyors are hereby enabled, by and with the like consent of the said Justices, for their severall and respective Countyes, without further license severally to engage, the profitts arising of the said Toll, in their severall Countyes, for such sume or sumes of money, by them to bee borrowed for that purpose, and by Indenture, under the hands and seales of the said respective Surveyors, for the time being to transferr the said profitts of the said Toll, and to grant and convey the same for any time or tearme, not exceeding nine yeares, unto any person or persons, that shall or will upon that Security, advance any present sume or sumes of money, for and towards the present repairing and amending of the said Highway, in the respective places and Countyes aforesaid, for the repayment of such principall sume or sumes of money soe lent with Interest for the same, or in case such sume or sumes of money cannot bee borrowed upon the Security aforesaid, for the repaire of the said Wayes, that then it shall and may bee lawfoll to and for the said Justices, in their said severall and respective Countyes, at their severall Quarter Sessions, when they shall see cause, to make a Rate, not to extend to any other County but their owne, nor to repaire any other then the places aforesaid, in that particular County, where such rate is made, whereby they shall have power for their severall Countyes, to raise upon the Parishes, that lye in or neere the said Roade (and soe will have a benefitt therefrom) such sume or sumes of money, as they shall see fitt and convenient for the speedy effecting of the said Repaires before mentioned which said sume and sumes, soe to bee rated as aforesaid, shall bee paid to the Surveyors, for the respective County, where such Rate is made, or to their Receivor or Collector, to

bee imployed for the repairing of the said Wayes and Places aforementioned and not otherwise, And in case any

person, shall refuse to pay such rate soe to bee made, that it shall and may bee lawfull for the said Surveyors, or

their said Receivors, and Collectors, to distreyne for such sume or sumes of money, and the distresse to sell,

rendring the overplus to the Owners

Provided alwayes and it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said money soe advanced by the said severall Townes, in the said respective Countyes, shall againe bee repaid, with Interest, by the severall Surveyors, for the severall Countyes, as it doth arise out of the said Toll, every County paying for what is soe borrowed within its owne County, and no further.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, not having, any lawfoll cause, to bee allowed as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse, to take upon him or them the said Office of Surveyor, bang thereunto nominated and chosen according as by this Act is appointed, or to doe or performe his or their duty, in the due and speedy execution of this [present1] Ad, the said Justices of the Peace for the severall and respective Countyes, where such Surveyor or Surveyors dwell, at their Quarter Sessions, shall and may hereby have power to impose, on such person or persons, soe refusing or neglecting, such Fine or Fines, (not exceeding Ten pounds, upon each person soe refusing or neglecting,) as to them shall seeme meet, and to cause the same to bee leavyed by distresse and sale of his or their Goods, rendring to the party so distreyned, the overplus, if any shall bee

And bee it further enacted by Authority aforesaid That all Fines or Forfeitures, to bee imposed or incurred by virtue of this Act, shall bee paid to the Surveyors for the time being, or any three of them, or the Treasurers of the said Surveyors for the said respective Countyes, for and towards the repairing of the said Highwayes and places aforesaid And in case of refusall, or if any person or persons soe chosen to take upon him or them the said Office, shall happen to dye, or shall for any lawfull impediment bee discharged from the said Office, that then some other fitt person or persons within that County, shall bee appointed by two or more Justices in the said County, living neere the said Highway and places aforesaid, in the place of him or them, that shall soe refuse, dye or bee discharged, and the person or persons soe chosen, shall, and are hereby required upon notice thereof to him or them given, under the hands and seales of the said Justices, by whom hee or they shall bee so chosen, to take upon him or them the said Office of Surveyor, and to execute the same in such manner and under such and the like penalties, as if hee or they had been chosen by the Justices at their Sessions of the Peace, in manner as aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suite shall bee comenced against any person for any thing done, in pursuance of this present A&, That in every such case, the Action shall bee layd in the said respective Countyes, where the Cause doth arise and not elswhere, and the Defendant in such Action so to bee brought, may plead the generall Issue, and give this Act, and the speciall matter in evidence, at any Tryall to bee had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursueance, and by Authority of the said Act, And if it shall so appeare to bee done, and that such Action shalbee brought in any other County, That then the Jury shall finde for the Defendant, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiffe shall bee nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall bee given against the Plaintiffe, the said Defendant shall have and recover his double Costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any Defendant hath in any other case by Law

Provided alwayes, That no person or persons, having occasion to passe any place where the Toll is taken, and retume the same day with the same Horse Coach Waggon, or other Carriage or with Cattell, shall bee compelled in the same day, to pay the said Toll a second time, Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

m

Recital that Monica so to be collected will not raise a sufficient Stock.

Power toSunrcyors, with Consent of Justices, to mortgage the Tolls.

If Money cannot be so borrowed. Quarter Sessions may make a Rate.

Rates to be paid to Surveyors.

Persons refusing to pay Rates;

Surveyors may distrain.

VIII. Monies advanced by Towns to be repaid with Interest.

IX.

Persons refusing to act as Surveyors without lawful Excuse

Justices may fine, not exceeding j£io.

may be levied by Distress.

X.

Fines paid to Surveyors for repairing the Roads.

Surveyors dying, &c.

Two or more Justices may appoint others.

Such Persons refusing to ad

Penalty.

XI.

In ACtions for executing Ad,

General Issue may be pleaded.

Double Costs.

XI I.

No Double Toll.

15° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 166&.

XIII. Persons now chargeable still to remain so.

XIV. Continuance of Act.

XV.

Proviso for Persons passing through Places appointed for receiving Tolls carrying Stones, Gravel, Hay, Straw, Corn, dec.

XVI.

If Receivers, Collectors, &c. at the Expiration of 11 Years, have. Mone> in Hand, they are to account for and pay the same to Justices.

Penalty,

recovered by Distress.

Quarter Sessions may dispose of such Monies and Penalties.

XVII.

Power to Justices for Huntingdon to name any Place other than Stilton for receiving the Toll.

XVIII. Proviso for Soldiers and Persons riding Post.

XIX.

If before the Expiration of 11 Years Roads sufficiently amended, Tolls to cease in that County.

Provided also. That all and every person and persons, who by Law are chargeable towards the repairing of the said Highwayes and places aforesaid, shall still remaine soe chargeable. Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

Provided also That neither this Act, nor any thing therein conteyned, shall extend to any further time, or bee of force any longer than the tearme of Eleaven yeares, to bee accounted from the passing of this Act, Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes That all and every person and persons, passing through the respective places appointed for the receiving of Toll as aforesaid (viz*.) at Wades-Mill for the County of Hertford at Caxton for the County of Cambridge and at Stilton for the County of Huntington, and coming Imediatly and primarily to and from the severall Parishes of Standen Thundridge, Ware, and Bengeo, adjacent to Wades-Mill in the said County of Hertford, and Stowe, Great Papworth, Litle Papworth, Borne, and Elsley, adjacent to Caxton in the said County of Cambridge, and Yaxley, Washingley, Glatton, Cunnington, Waddon, and Stibbington, adjacent to Stilton, in the said County of Huntington, shall have a liberty to carry any quantity or quantityes of Stones, Sand, Lyme, or Gravell, Dung, Mould, and Compost of any nature or kinde whatsoever, Bricke Chalke or Wood, And that they and all Carts, with Hay or Come in the Strawe, at Hay time or Harvest, Plowes, Harrowes, and other Implements of Husbandry, and all other things whatsoever, imployed in the Husbanding [Stocking1] and Manureing of their severall and respective Lands, in the said severall and respective Parishes, shall passe to and fro, through the said respective places, where such Toll is to bee received as aforesaid without paying any thing for their respective passing through the same. Any thing in this present Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

Provided also, and bee it enacted That if it shall happen, that at the end and expiration of the terme of the Eleaven yeares aforesaid, that the Receivor or Receivors Collector or Collectors, then in being, or any of them, of the aforesaid Tolls, or any part thereof, in all and every of the said Countyes, made and to bee made, shall upon their or any of their accounts, made and to bee made, for the severall and respective Receipts of the Tolls aforesaid, have any sutne or sumes of money in [their or1] any of their hands, more then they or any of them have expended as aforesaid, That then such Receivor arid Receivors, Collector and Collectors, and every of them, shall bring in all and every sume and sumes of money so remaining in their or any of their hands, unto the Justices of the Peace of the said severall and respective Countyes, where such Receivor or Receivors, Collector or Collectors shall live, or have received the said severall sume or sumes, at the next Generali Quarter Sessions for the Peace, which shall happen to bee after their said severall Accounts, so to bee made as aforesaid, upon paine of forfeiting double the sume, which shall bee in their or any of their hands upon the said Account, which said sume and penalties shalbee recovered by distresse and sale of the parties Goods, so refusing to doe the same, by Warrant under the hands and seales of any two Justices of the Peace of the said severall Countyes, And that the said Justices of the Peace, at their said severall Quarter Sessions in their severall Countyes, are hereby impowered and enabled, to dispose of the said severall sume and sumes of money, and all the said Penalties, into the hands of such person and persons, and upon such Securityes as they shall approve of, to and for a Stocke for the repairing [of1] the said severall Highwayes, according to the intent and meaning of this Act, and not otherwise

Provided also and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if the Justices of the Peace for the County of Huntington, or any foure of them, dwelling next to the said High Road, shall adjudge some other place, more convenient then Stilton, for receiving the Toll for the said County That then it shall and may bee lawfull for the said Justices of Peace as aforesaid, to appoint some other place, upon the High Road, within their said County, to receive the aforesaid Toll, instead of Stilton, Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

And that it shall and may bee lawfull for all and every Soldier and Soldiers, upon their March and all persons riding Post to passe through any the places in this Act mentioned, without paying any Toll

Provided also, That if at any time before the expiration of the Eleaven yeares aforesaid the said Highwayes. shalbee well and sufficiently amended and repaired, and so adjudged by the Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter Sessions, for their severall and respective Countyes aforesaid That then from and after such Adjudication made and Repayment of such moneys as shall have been borrowed, the aforesaid Toll [in the said County1] shall cease and determine, Any thing aforesaid, to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 interlined.

15° Car. II. c. 2.

441

CHAPTER II.

An Act for the Punishment of unlawfull cutting or stealing or spoiling of Wood and Underwood and Destroyers

of young Timber Trees.

THE RE AS in one Act of Parliament made in the Three and fortieth yeare of the Raigne of the late Tv Queene Elizabeth entituled An Act to avoid and prevent diverse misdemeanors in idle and lewd persons among other things it is enacted That all and every such lewd person and persons that shall cutt or spoyle any Woods or Underwoods Poles or Trees standing and their Procurer or Procurers Receiver or Receivers knowing the same, and being thereof lawfully convicted by his or their owne confession, or by the testimony of one sufficient Witnesse upon Oath before some one Justice of Peace, or other Head Officer of the County or place where such offence was committed shall give the partie or parties satisfaction for his or their Damages for the first faulte, And if such Offender or Offenders shall by such Justice of Peace or Head Officer be thought not able or sufficient, or if such Offender or Offenders doe not make such satisfaction as aforesaid That then the said Justice of Peace or Head Officer shall committ the said Offender or Offenders to the Constable or other inferiour Officer to receive the punishment of Whipping, as in the said Act more fully doth appeare, And whereas it is found by dayly experience especially in and about London and other great Townes where a great number of such idle and lewd persons doe shelter themselves that this Act hath not sufficiently prevented the said mischeife of cutting and spoyling Woods and Underwoods as was intended as well because the said offences are committed in such a close and clandestine manner that there is none Witnesse to them but such as are pertakers to the offence, as alsoe because the said punishment is too small for soe great a fault, which is not onely prejudidall and hurtfull to the Owners of the said Woods but very mischievous and damageable to the Commonwealth Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That from and after the sower and twentieth day of June next ensueing every Constable Headborough or any other person in every County Citty Towne Corporate or other place where they snail be Officers or Inhabitants shall and may by vertue of this present Act have full power and authoritie to apprehend or cause to be apprehended all and every person or persons they shall suspect haveing or carrying or any waies conv[e']ing any burthen or bundles of any kinde of Wood Underwood Poles or young Trees or Barke or Bast of any Trees or any Gates Stiles Posts Pales Railes or Hedgewood Broome or Furze, and by Warrant under the hand and seale of any one Justice of the Peace directed to any Officer, such Officer shall have power to enter into and search the Houses Outhouses Yards Gardens or other places belonging to the Houses of all and every person or persons they shall suspect to have any kinde of Wood Underwood Poles or young Trees or Barke or Baste of any Trees or any Gates Stiles Posts Pales Railes or Hedgewood Broome or Furze, and wheresoever they finde any such to apprehend or cause to be apprehended all and every person and persons suspected for the cutting and takeing of the same, and them and every of them as well those apprehended carrying or any waies conveying any kinde of Wood Underwood Poles or young Trees or Barke or Bast of any Trees or any Gates Stiles Posts Pales Railes or Hedgewood Broome or Furze as alsoe those in whose houses or other places belonging to them any such Wood Underwood Poles or young Trees, or Barke or Bast of any Trees, or any Gates Stiles Posts Pales Railes or Hedgewood Broome or Furze shall be found to carry before one Justice of the Peace of the same County Citty or Towne Corporate, And if the said person and persons soe suspected apprehended and carryed before the srid

Justices doe not then and there give a good account how he and they came by such Wood or Underwood Poles

or young Trees or Barke or Baste of any Trees or Gates Stiles Posts Pales Railes or Hedgewood Broome or Furze by the consent of the Owner such as shall satisfie the said Justice, or else shall not within some convenient time to be sett them by the said Justice produce the partie or parties of whom they bought the same Wood Underwood Poles or young Trees or Barke or Bast of Trees Gates Stiles Posts Pales Railes or Hedgewood Broom or Furze or some other credible witnesse to depose upon Oath such sale of the said Wood Underwood Poles or young Trees or Barke or Bast of Trees Gates Stiles Posts Pales Railes or Hedgewood Broom or Furze (which Oath the said Justice hath hereby power to administer) That then the said person or persons soe suspected and not giveing such good account, nor produceing any such witnesse upon Oath to testifie the said sale as aforesaid

shall be deemed and adjudged as convicted of the said offence of cutting and spoiling of the same Woods

Underwoods Poles or young Trees or Barke or Bast of Trees Gates Stiles Posts Pales Railes or Hedgewood Broom or Furze within the meaneing of the said Statute of Queene Elizabeth and shall be liable to the punishment therein contained and to such other proceedings and punishments as by this present Act shall be further constituted and appointed on that behalfe

And be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every person or persons convicted of the mid offence in manner and forme before in this Act mentioned shall for the first offence give the Owner or Owners such recompence or satisfaction for his or their damages and within such time as the said Justice shall

appoint, and over and above pay downe presently unto the Overseers for the use of the Poore of the Parish

where the said offence or offences were committed such sunune of money (not exceeding Ten shillings) as the said Justice shall thinke meete, and if such offender or offenders doe not make recompence or satisfaction to the said Owner or Owners and alsoe pay the said summe to the Poore in manner and forme aforesaid then the

mid Justice shall committ the said offender or offenders to the house of Correction for such time as the said

Justice shall thinke fitt not exceeding One moneth, or to be whipped by the Constable or other Officer as in

1 interlined on the Roll.

Rot. Pari I j C. II. p. a. «i*. i.

Recital of 43 Eliz. c. 7. $ 1.

and that the said Act had not sufficiently prevented the said Mischief.

Reasons for the same.

Constables, Ac. may apprehend suspicious Persons conveying Bundles of Wood, young Trees,]

Bark, &c.

and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of a Justice may enterand search Houses, Gardens, dec. which they shall suspect to contain Wood, Bark, See. and if they find any such,may apprehend Persons suspected of conveying the same away; and also those in whose Premises the same shall be found.

If such Persons do not give a good Account or produce the Persons of whom they bought the Wood, &c.

such Persons to be deemed convicted under the said Statute 43 Eliz. c.7.

Punishment.

II.

First Offence, Penalty.

Not paying the

Penalty,

Imprisonment.

ju

15° Car. II. c. 2, 3.

A.D. 166S.

Second Offence.

Third Offence.

hi.

Persons buying suspicious Wood;

Justices, See. may examine into the Matter upon Oath; and if they find the same was bought of a suspicious Person,

mayinfli&a Penalty of Treble the Value;

and may levy by Distress.

If no Distress, Imprisonment.

IV.

No Double Punishment. Limitation of Suit.

Act. Pari. 15 C. II. p. a. ms. a.

Recital of

*4 0,3 & *4) Car. II. c. 8.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Rules by which the Commissioners under the said Act are to proceed.

Description of Officers allowed to hare a real Command.

Number of Men under each Officer.

What Officers shall be accounted truly loyal.

What persons deemed indigent.

his Judgement shall seeme expedient, And if such person or persons shall againe committ the said offence and be thereof convicted as before that then they and every of them soe offending the second time and thereof soe convicted shall be sent to the House of Correction for One moneth, and be there kepte to hard labour, And if such person or persons shall againe committ the said offence and be thereof convicted as before that then they and every of them soe offending the third time and thereof soe convicted shall be taken adjudged and deemed as incorrigible Rogues,

Provided alwaies and it is further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That whosoever shall buy any Burthens of Wood or any Poles or Sticks of Wood or any other the Premisses perdcularly mentioned in this Bill, which may be justly suspected to have beene stolne or unlawfully come by that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Justices of [the1] Peace Maiors Bailiffes and Head-Officers or any one of them within their respective Jurisdictions upon complaint to them thereof made to examine the said matter upon Oath which they and every of them respectively are hereby authorized to administer And if they shall finde that the same was bought of a person who might justly be suspected to have stolne or unlawfully come by the same, and that the same was stolne or unlawfully come by, that in such case the said Justices of Peace Maiors Bayliffes or other Head Officers or any one of them respectively shall and may award the partie who bought the same to pay treble the value of the same to the partie from whom the same was stolne or unlawfully taken, And in defaulte of present payment thereof to issue forth their respective Warrants to leavy the same by distresse and sale of the offenders Goods rendring the overplus to the partie, And in default of such distresse to committ the partie to the Goale at his owne charge there to remaine One moneth without Baile.

Provided allwaies That noe person or persons shall be questioned for any offence upon this Law that hath beene punished for the same offence by any former Law, nor shall be punished by this Law unlesse he be questioned within Six weekes after the offence committed.

CHAPTER in.

An Act to explaine and supply a former Act for destribution of Threescore thousand Pounds amongst the truely loyall and indigent Commission Officers and for assessing of Offices and destributing the moneyes thereby raised for their further supply.

WHEREAS His Majestie hath beene gratiously pleased (in and by an Act Entituled An Act for destribution of Threescore thousand pounds amongst the truely loyall and indigent Commission Officers and for assessing of Offices and destributeing the moneyes thereby raised for their further supply) to enact and appoint the said summe of Threescore thousand pounds together with the Proceed of the said Assessment of Offices to be destributed as hereinafter is expressed that is to say amongst such truely loyall and indigent Officers who have had a reall Command of Soldiers according to their severall Cdmissions and who have never deserted His Majestie nor His blessed Fathers Service dureing the late times of Rebellion and Usurpation and who have not a sufficient Livelihood of their owne, nor have since His Majesties retume obtained any Reward Office or Imployment sufficient for a livelyhood, For the better clearing and preventing of doubts and avoiding frauds in the execution of the said Act it is thought fitt to prescribe certaine Directions whereby to proceed Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled That the Commissioners appointed by and in the said Act shall proceede and act according to the Rules hereafter following.

First The Officers allowed by the said Act to have a reall Command of Soldiers are these following and noe other viz Collonels Adjutant Generalls Quarter Master Generalls Scout Master Generalls Commissary Generalls Leiutenant Collonells Majors Captaines Leiutenants Comets Ensignes Quarter Masters,

Secondly Each Colonel of Horse if he had a Regiment of Horse consisting of the number of One hundred and fifty each Captaine of Horse if he had a Troope of Horse consisting of the number of Thirty, each Colonel of Foote if he had a Regiment of Foote consisting of the number of Three hundred, each Captaine of Foote if he had a Company of Foote consisting of the number of Fortie, each Colonel of Dragoons if he had a Regiment of Dragoons consisting of the number of Two hundred, each Captaine of Dragoons if he had a Company of Dragoons consisting of the number of Thirtie,

Thirdly Those Officers shall be accounted truely Loyall and not to have deserted who have faithfully served His late Majestie of blessed Memory and continued Loyall to the King that now is, and did not withdraw themselves from the said Service without sufficient cause to be allowed by the said Commissioners,

Fourthly Noe person shall be deemed Indigent who hath either of his owne or by His Majesties gift or otherwise such an Estate or Income as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be a sufficient Livelyhood,

1 0. omits.

15" Cab. II. c.3, 4.

443

Fifthly If upon examination by the said Commissioners it shall be found that any Certificates have beene lost or that any of the said Certificates are invalid because not signed at a Publique meeting That then and in such Cases it shall be lawfull for the Commissioners aforesaid or any Nine or more of them then sitting in the Star-Chamber by vertue of the said Act to give releife to the parties concerned, And the said Commissioners shall be likewise hereby impowered to meete and adjoume de die in diem, any thing in the Ad before mentioned to the contrary hereof notwithstanding,

Sixthly If the said Commissioners sitting in the Star-Chamber as aforesaid or any Nine or more of them or the Commissioners of the respective Counties and places or any Three or more of them shall reasonably suspe& that any Certificates have beene unduely procured or that they are otherwise insufficient The said respective Commissioners shall have power to examine Witnesses upon Oath (which said Oath they are hereby authorized to administer) And the said Commissioners of the Star-Chamber shall transmitt the Exceptions there taken against such Certificates together with the names of the persons excepting thereunto unto the Commissioners of the respective Counties and places or to any Three or more of them to be by them joyntly reveiwed and examined either by depositions taken before them upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer) or otherwise and their Opinions thereupon. As alsoe upon any of their former Certificates which shall be excepted against before them to be forthwith returned to the said Commissioners sitting in the Star-Chamber, and the same to be conclusive.

Provided alsoe And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe exception shall be taken or admitted to any Certificate from and after the first day of October next ensueing, And alsoe that all retumes of Reviewes and Opinions thereupon shall be made in writeing under the hands and Seales of the respective Commissioners before the first day of November next ensueing.

And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all moneyes to be paid and destributed by this or the said recited Act shall be paid and destributed to the respective persons quallified to receive the same before the sower and twentyeth day of December next ensueing. Provided alwaies That noe thing either in the Act before mentioned or in this present Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the harme or prejudice of Edward Roscarrock Collonel of Horse Guy Molesworth Colonel of Horse Edward Molesworth Colonel of Foote John Low Leiutenant Colonel of Horse to Colonel John Stuart Captaine John Forsyth Captaine of Horse Mathew Carew Captaine of Foote in the Regiment of Sir Mathew Carew Walter Braems Captaine of Horse in the Regiment of Colonel Robert Hatton Thomas Gleadstone Captaine of Foote in the Regiment of Colonel John Scroope to deprive them or any of them of the benefit of the Act aforesaid by reason that their or any of their Certificates were not entred within the time appointed by the said Act, but that all and every of the said persons herein before mentioned who shall at any time hereafter before the Sixteenth day of August next deliver in their respective Certificates attested under the Hands and Seales of Five Commissioners to the Register appointed by the said Commissioners sitting in [the1 ] Star-Chamber for receiveing of the same are hereby declared and shall be deemed and taken to have as good right to the benefit of the said Act as if their such Certificates had beene respectively entred and admitted within the time limitted as aforesaid, Any thing in the said Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Proceedings when Certificates lost or invalid.

Proceedings in respect ofsuspe&td Certificates, and Exceptions to Certificates.

Commissioners of Counties may examine upon Oath.

II.

Limitation of Exceptions to Certificates.

Returns to

be iii Writing under

Hand and Seal.

HI.

Time within which Monies under the said Act are to be distributed. Proviso for Colonel Roscarrock and other Officers and their Certificates.

CHAPTER IV.

An Additional Act for the better ordering the Forces in the severall Counties of this Kingdome.

FOR the better ordering of the Forces in the several Counties and places of England and the Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and for the supplying and explaining the late Act endtuled An Act for ordering the Forces in the severall Counties of this Kingdome Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the severall Leiutenants of the severall Counties Citties and places nominated by His Majestie His Heires and Successors respectively, and in their absence out of the limitts of their respective Leiutenandes or by their directions when they are not absent, their Depude Leiutenants dureing their respective Deputation or any two or more of them shall have power from time to time to lead traine exercise and putt in readinesse, or by Warrant under their hands and seales to cause to be led trained exercised or putt in readines all or any of the persons raised arrayed or weaponed according to the said Act to the intents and purposes and by the directions of the said Act and of this present A&,

And be it further enacted That all and every person or persons charged [or to be charged'] by vertue of either of the said Acts with Horse Horse man and Armes, or Foote Soldier and Armes shall under the penaltie of forfeiting five Shillings pay and allow upon demand two shillings six pence by the day to each respective Trooper that serves with (*) Horse and Armes for maintenance of the Man and Horse, and shall under the penalty of two shillings pay and allow upon demand one shilling by the day to each respective Foote Soldier for soe many dayes as they or

Rat. Pari. 15 C. IL p. 2. nu. 3.

Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenant? may train and exercise the Persons armed.

II.

Persons charged to pay as. 6d. per Day to Trooper.

Penalty 5s. is. per Day to Foot Soldier. Penalty as.

15° Car. II. c. 4.

A.D. 1663.

11! T

Penalties how to be levied.

Proviso for Agreement. Limitation for Demand of Penalties.

III.

Persons charged refusing, &c. to provide Foot Soldiers and Arms.

Lieutenants or Deputies may inflid a Penalty, not exceeding £$.

IV. Lieutenants or Deputies may appoint and require Constables, on a Penalty, to furnish Foot Arms and Wages as may be charged, according to the Value of Estates and Property.

any of them shall be absent from their dwellings or callings by occasion of Muster or Exercise according to the Rules of the said Acts which said penaltie is to be leavyed as is hereafter expressed unlesse some certaine agreement be made to the contrary before good witnesse, and the said penaltie is to be paid to such Trooper or Foote Soldier to whom his said pay was denyed, The respective penalties to be demanded within six weekes after each resj>edive defaulte, or at or before the next succeeding Muster Exercise or training and not afterwards.

And be it further enacted That if any person or persons assessed or charged according to the said Acts or either of them shall refuse or negcled by a reasonable time to be appointed to provide and furnish such sufficient Foote Soldier and Armes or Foote Soldiers and Armes as are accordingly charged upon him or them, that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the respective Leiutenants and Deputy Leiutenants or any three or more of them for every such offence from time to time to inflid a Penalty upon such person or persons not exceeding Five pounds to be leavyed in manner following and to be imployed to the same uses in defaulte whereof the same was imposed.

Be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for the respective Leiutenants and Deputy Leiutenants or any three or more of them from time to time to appoint and require the Constable or Constables of any Parish or place within this Kingdome Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede to provide and furnish (at a reasonable time and place to be appointed) upon a penaltie to be imposed not exceeding Forty shillings for every such omission) soe many sufficient Foote Armes (with Wages and other incident charges) as the said Leiutenants & Deputie Leiutenants or any three or more of them shall assesse or charge according to the Rules and Proportions of the said Acts upon Revenues under Fiftie pounds per annum or upon personall Estates lesse then Six hundred pounds lyeing or being within any such respective Parish or place.

V.

Persons charged refusing, &c. to provide a Foot Soldier or to pay Assessment.

Constable may levy by Distress.

Tenants to pay and dedu& out of Rent.

In Default, Tenant liable to Distress.

And in order thereunto if any person or persons of or belonging to any such Parish or Place shall upon demand refuse or negcled to provide a Foote Soldier or Foote Soldiers according to the proportion aforesaid or to pay any summe of money whereat he or they shall be taxed or assessed by a Pound Rate according to a List signed by the respective Leiutenants and Deputy Leiutenants or any three or more of them for and towards the defraying and satisfying the necessary Charge and Expence disbursed in providing and furnishing such sufficient Armes as aforesaid that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Constable or Constables by Warrant for that purpose to levy such Summe soe rated or assessed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of such person or persons soe refuseing or negckCling to pay, and shall restore the overplus (if any) the charge of destraining being first deducted, And the Tennant of any House Land or Revenue rated or assessed as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to make payment of such Summe of money soe rated or assessed and to dedud soe much as shall be charged upon the Landlords Rent out of the next Rem payable to the Landlord, and in default hereof the goods of every such Tenant is alsoe lyeable to be destrained and sold in manner aforesaid,

VI.

Every Soldier listed to pay Sum herein mentioned to Muster Master;

to be levied by Distress.

Muster Master to be an Inhabitant of the County.

VII. Musqueteers to brinp to Muster certain A mmunition at the Charge of Persons assessed. The like Provision as to Horsemen.

Penalty.

VIII. Lieutenants and Deputies to summon and continue Trained Forces as long as convenient in lieu of the Days appointed by the said Act 14 (13 and I4)C.II. c. 3

IX

May be so kept Fourteen Days.

And be it further enacted That once in every yeare hereafter each Soldier listed or raised by vertue of the said Acts or either of them shall pay to his respective Muster Master such Summe (not exceeding one shilling for a Horseman and six pence for a Foote man) as the respective Leiutenants and Deputy Leiutenants or any three or more of them shall under their Hands and Seales direct who have power hereby to leavy the same by Distresse and Sale in case of defaulte of payment upon the Goods and Chattels of such person or persons as are charged with the findeing of the respective Horseman or Foote Soldier soe makeing default, unlesse the defaulte be by the negcled of such Horseman or Foote Soldier who in that case are hereby to be accomptable for the same, and every such Muster master shall be an Inhabitant of the respective County.

And it is hereby further provided and enacted That at every Muster Training and Exercise every Musquetier shall bring with him halfe a pound of Powder and halfe a pound of Bullets, and every Musquetier that serves with a Match locke shall bring with him three yards of Match both which are to be found accordingly at the charge of such person or persons as provide the said Foote Soldier and Armes, [And every Horseman is to bring with him a quarter of a pound of Powder and a quarter of a pound of Bullets at the charge of such person or persons as provide the said Horseman and Armes1 ] who are hereby required to finde and beare the same upon paine of forfeiting Five shillings for every omission thereof,

And for the better disdpling and instruding of the said Militia in their Duties as alsoe for easeing them of often and frequent Meetings at severall times, and for the better securitie of the Peace of the Kingdome Be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for the said severall Leiutenams and in their absence or by their Directions for any two or more of their Deputies within their respective Counties and Precincts for which they are commissioned at any time or times dureing the space of three yeares from the Twenty fowerth day of July in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and three to summon and continue together soe many of the said Trained Forces within their respective Counties and Precincts and soe long as they shall judge convenient in lieu of certaine dayes appointed for Exercise and Musters by the said Act endtuled An Act for ordering the Forces in the severall Counties of this Kingdome.

Provided alwaies And be it enacted That any Troope Company or Soldiers may be soe kepte upon such Duty by vertue hereof fowerteene dayes and noe longer in any one yeare.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

15° Cab. II. c. 4.

445

Provided alwayes And be it enacted That every Commissioned Foote Officer in the Traine Bands or Militia of this Kmgdome (setled according to A & of Parliament) shall be and is hereby exempted and excused from findeing and contributeing towards the findeing any Horse Horseman or Armes or Foote Soldier and Arms for his whole Estate if at any time it is charged but with one Horse or a lesse charge, or for such part of his Estate as is or shall be charged with one Horse if his whole Estate be charged with a greater charge then one Horse in the County or Lieutenancy where he soe serves as a Foote Officer in respect of the expence which the said Imployment doth necessarily engage him in, any thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding

X.

Proviso exempting Commiaaionea Officers in Train Bind* or Militia from finding or contributing towards Horsemen

or Foot Soldiers, See.

Bee it alsoe enacted and ordained That each Constable Tythingman or other Officer of any Parish or place under the Penaltie for every negcle& of forfeiting Forty shillings shall and doe by vertue of a Warrant directed to him from the respective Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants or any three or more of them levy all arreares and proportions of money unpaid that were sett or charged for the raising training and arraying the Trained Bands and Forces actually raised and in being before the passing of the said mentioned A & by the Distresse and Sale of the Goodis of any person or persons refuseing to pay the same rendering backe the overplus (if any) the charge of Distresse and Sale being first dedu&ed.

Be it alsoe enacted That every Trooper or Foote Soldier at any time raised by vertue or according to the directions of this present Act shall be subject to such Exercise and Duty as others charged or raised by the said mentioned A&, and shall accordingly upon like paines and penalties observe and keepe all the respective Orders and Directions of the said Act and of this present Act and shall suffer the same Penalties for committing any of the respective crimes and offences exprest in the said Act which said paines and penalties are in the like cases to be imposed and leavyed in the same manner and by the same wayes and meanes as are sett downe in the said Act,

XI.

Constables, under a Penalty of 40a. to levy Arrears of Assessment.

Distress.

XII. Soldiers raised under this Act to be subject to Exercise and Duty and liable to Penalties as under »4»(«3* >4)C.II. c* 3-

And whereas the fourth part of one Moneths Assessment in each County after the rate of Seaventy thousand pounds by the moneth is by the said Act yearely appointed for furnishing Amunition and other necessaries Bee it enacted and declared by the Authorise aforesaid That the said respective Leiutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them shall from time to time have power to dispose of soe much of the said fourth part to the inferiour Officers imployed in or about the said respective Forces for their paines and encouragement as to them the said Leiutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them shall seeme expedient.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That it shall be lawfiill to every person & persons that shall have any Action or Suite brought against him or them for any thing done in execution of this or the said Act to plead the generall Issue and to give the speciall matter in evidence, and if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or if the Plaintiffe shall become Nonsuite or discontinue his Suite then he shall recover double Costs

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That noe Action or Suite shall be brought against any person for any thing done in execution or by pretence of the execution of this or the said Act unlesse the said Action or Suite be laid in the proper County and commenced within six monethes next after such cause of Action.

Provided and be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That one Clause contained in a certaine Act (entituled An Act declareing the sole Right of the Militia to be in the King and for the present ordering and disposeing of the same) and made for the indempnifying of all persons acting in the Militia from the sower and twentieth of June One thousand six hundred and sixtie to the twentyeth of July One thousand six hundred sixtie and one as touching the assaulting detaining or imprisoning any person suspected to be a Fanatique Se&ary or Disturber of the Peace or seising of Armes or searching of Houses for Armes or for suspected persons shall be construed to commence and take efie& and shall be good and effectuall in Law for the indempnifying of all persons whatsoever acting in the Militia of this Kingdome for any the matters aforesaid betwixt the second day of February One thousand six hundred fifty nine and the sower and twentieth of June One thousand six hundred and sixtie inclusive by vertue or colour of any Authoritie or Command whatsoever Any thing in the said Act or in any other Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. Lieutenants and Deputies to dispose of the Fourth Part of one Month's Assessment amongst inferior Officers.

XIV.

In Actions brought for executing Ad. General Issue.

Double Colts.

XV.

Snch Addons to be brought in the proper County. Limitation of Action.

XVI.

Clause of Indemnity in13C.II. st.i. c.6.

construed to commence and take Effect betwixt ad Feb. 1659 and 24th June 1660.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the severall Forfeitures Penalties and Payments by this present Act imposed sett or directed (not otherwise by this present Act provided to be leavyed sued for or recovered) shall or may in case of defaulte be leavyed or recovered by warrant under the Hands and Seales of the respective Lieutenants and Deputie Lieutenants or any three or more of them upon the Goods and Chattells of the Offender and by Sale of the same rendering the partie the overplus if any be And if sufficient of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender cannot be found or had whereof to leavy such Forfeiture Payment or Penaltie then the said respective Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants or any three or more of them shall have power and are hereby authorized by like Warrant under their Hands and Seales to committ such Offender to prison untill he shall make satisfaction according to the said forfeiture payment or penaltie.

XVII. Penalties to be recovered by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants on Goods and Chattels.

If not sufficient Goods and Chattels, Imprisonment under the likfc Warrant.

And it is further declared and enacted That all and every person and persons which since the five and twentyeth day of March One thousand six hundred sixtie and two have acted or done any thing in the dismantling of any Citties or Townes or demolishing of Walls and Fortifications thereof or relateing thereunto shall be and are hereby indempnified and saved harmelesse.

XVIII. Indemnity to Persons who have dismantled Towns, &c.

Vol-V.

sx

15° Car. II. c. 4, 5.

A.D. 1663.

XIX. Value of Estates to be charged.

Proviso for said A 6t as to Forces eaised in Cities, &c.

XX.

Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports empowered to execute this and the former Act ; and to keep up the usual Number of Soldiers in the said Ports, &c.

Inhabitants of the said Ports, &c. how far not tobe charged with Arms, &c. for their Estates in Counties adjacent.

XXI. Inhabitants and Revenues of Stamford Baron to be assessed and charged as formerly.

And whereas some Doubt hath arisen upon the said Act what Estates shall be charged with or towards Foote Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authorise aforesaid That noe person who hath any Estate of the yearely value of Two hundred pounds or personal 1 Estate of the value of Two thousand sower hundred pounds chargeable by the said Act shall be charged with or toward the finding any Foote, And it shall be lawfull for the respective Leiutenants and Deputies or any three or more of them to charge according to the proportions [of1] the said [any *] Act any person who hath an Estate of the yearely value of One hundred pounds and under the yearely value of Two hundred pounds or who hath a personall Estate of Twelve hundred pounds and under the value of Two thousand sower hundred pounds chargeable by the said Act with or toward the finding of Foote or toward the findeing of Horse as to their Judgement shall seeme most expedient for His Majesties Service, Yet neverthelesse this shall not be construed to extend to make any alteration in the provisions in the said or this Act concerning

the Forces to be charged or raised in Citties Corporations and Port Townes,

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports [to3] auntientTownes and their Members and in his absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants shall and may putt in execution within the said Ports Townes and Members all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this and the said former Act and to execute and performe all and every the things therein contained in the like manner as the respective Lieutenants of the Counties and their Deputies may doe and may keepe up and continue the usuall numbers of Soldiers in the said Ports Townes and Members unlesse they finde cause to lessen the same, And that the Inhabitants of the said Ports Townes and Members being in reguard of their sdtuation on the Sea coasts charged with a greater proportion of Armes and armed men then other parts of the Kingdome shall not be charged with Armes or armed men in the Countyes adjacent for their Estates there lyeing save onely for such proportion as they are lyeable unto and either are not or shall not be charged with within the said Ports Townes and Members Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Inhabitants and Revenues of or in the Parish of Saint Martin called Stamford Baron in the Suburbs of the Borough and Towne of Stamford on the

South side of the waters there called Welland may be assessed and charged to finde and serve in the Trained

Bands of the County of Lincolne as formerly according to the said mentioned Act and this present Act by the Lieutenant and Deputie Lieutenants for the Countie of Lincolne for the time befog in such manner as any Persons or Estates within the said Countie of Lincolne may be by them assessed and charged to the purposes aforesaid, And they of Saint Martin aforesaid are hereby declared to be well and legally assessed and charged by the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Inhabitants and Revenues of or in the Parish of Saint Martin called Stamford Baron in the Suburbs of the Burrough and Towne of Stamford on the South side of the waters there called Welland may be assessed and charged to finde and serve in the Trained Bands of the County of Lincolne as formerly according to the said mentioned Act and this present Act by the Lieutenant and Deputie Lieutenants of the County of Lincolne for the time befog in such manner as any Persons or Estates within the said County of Lincolne may be by them assessed and charged to the purposes aforesaid. And they of Saint Martin aforesaid are hereby declared to be well and legally assessed and charged by the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants respectively.4]

Rot. Parl. 15 C. II. pt.uu.4.

Vestrymen in Parishes, &c. where Select Vestries are used on or before Sept. 29 next, and all Persons hereafter elected within One Month after Election, before Ordinary, See. to make and subscribe the Declaration of 14 (13 & 14) C. II. c*4*

CHAPTER V.

An Act for regulating Select Vestryes.

FOR prevention of the evills which may arise from Vestry men not conforming to the Government and Discipline of the Church of England as it now is by Law established Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by the Advice and with the Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal! and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled That all and every person who now is a Vestry man or member of any Vestry within any Parish in the Cittyes of London and Westminster Borough of Southwarke and weekely Bills of Mortality and in all other Cittyes Boroughes and Townes Corporate where Select Vestryes are used in the Kingdome of England on or before the Nine and twentyeth day of September next. And all and every person who at any time hereafter shall be elected to be a Vestry man or member of any Vestry within any Parish in any the places aforesaid within one moneth after such his Election shall before the respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary Viccar Generali or Chauncellour of the Diocesse make and subscribe the Declaration and Acknowledgement enjoyned in the late wholsome good Act Entituled (An Act for the Uniformity of Publique Prayers and Administration of Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies and for establishing the Forme of makeing ordaining and consecrating Bishops Preists and Deacons in the Church of England) in these words following

j A B doe declare That it is not lawfull upon any pretence whatsoever to take Armes against the King and that I doe abhor that Trayterous Position of takefog Armes by His Authoritie against His Person or against those that are commissioned by Him, And that I will conforme to the Liturgy of the Church of England as it is now by

1 in 0.

3 0. omits.

3 two 0. 4 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

15° Car. II. c.5, 6.

447

Law established, And I doe declare That I doe hold there lyes noe Obligation upon me or on any other person from the Oath commonly called The Solemne League and Covenant to endeavour any change or alteration of Government either in Church or State And that the same was in itselfe an unlawfull Oath and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realms against the knowne Lawes and Liberties of this Kingdome,

And that all and every such person who shall negcled or refuse to doe the same within the respective times aforesaid shall (ipso facto) be deprived of such his place of Vestry man and of being a Member of such Vestry to all intents and purposes and such place shall be actually void as if such person were naturally dead. Any Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding, And that from and after such negcled or refusall it shall be lawfull for all persons who shall have right of Election or nomination of such Vestry man or member of such Vestry to proceede to election or nomination of some other discreete person of the respective Parish in the roome of such person soe negdeding or refuseing as aforesaid, And if such person soe to be elected in the roome of such person soe negclecting or refuseing as aforesaid shall alsoe negcled or refuse to make and subscribe the said Declaration and Acknowledgement in manner and time aforesaid whereby such place shall againe become void, or if such persons who shall have right of Election or nomination as aforesaid shall not proceed to Election within one moneth after such Vacancy then it shall be lawfull to and for the respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocesse under his Hand and Seale to elect and nominate a discreete person of the respective Parish in such vacant roome, which person soe to be elected and nominated after his makeing and subscription in manner and time aforesaid shall be, and shall to all intents and purposes be reputed deemed and taken to be a Vestry man or member of such Vestry in like manner as if he had beene chosen by the respective Electors Any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

And be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary Vicar-Generall or Chauncellour of the Diocesse shall upon request to him made by any Vestry man soe makeing and subscribing the said Declaration and Acknowledgement aforesaid deliver a Certificate of his soe doeing for which noe Fee shall be paid

Provided alwayes That noething in this Act shall be construed to give any new Power to any Select Vestry man or to continue any usurped Power heretofore exercised by any Select Vestry man which before the makeing of this Act is not warranted by the Law of the Land.

Provided alsoe That this Act shall continue in force to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament and noe longer.

Neglecting, kc. Deprived j

and Persons haring Right of Election to proceed to a new Election;

Person! thereupon elected neglecting or refuting to make and subscribe the saidDeclaration, or such newEleCbon not being had within one Month, Ordinary may nominate Vestryman.

II.

Ordinary to grant Certificate of Subscription.

III.

Act not to give new Power or confirm any usurped Power of Vestrymen.

IV.

Continuanceof Act.

CHAPTER VL

An Act for Releife of such Persons as by Sicknes or other Impediment were disabled from subscribeing the Declaration in the Act of Uniformity and Explanation of part of the said Act.

Rci, Pari. 15 C.II. p. a. *ar. 5.

THE REAS by an Act of this present Parliament (entituled An Act for Uniformitie of Publique Prayer and v v Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies and for establishing the Forme of makeing ordaining and consecrating Bishops Priests and Deacons in the Church of England) it was enacted That every Deane Canon and Prebendary of every Cathedrall or Collegiate Church and all Masters and Fellowes of any Colledge, Hall, House of Learning or Hospitall and every Parson Vicar Curate and every other person in Holy Orders who upon the First day of May which should be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixtie and two or at any time thereafter should be Incumbent or have possession of any Deanary Canonry Prebend Mastership Fellowship Parsonage Vicaridge or any other Ecclesiasticall Dignitie or Promotion should before the Feast day of Saint Bartholimew which should be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and two subscribe the Declaration or Acknowledgement in the said Act mentioned and expressed before their respective Archbishops Bishops Ordinaries or Vice Chauncellors of the respective Universities upon paine that all and every of the persons aforesaid faileing in such Subscription should loose and forfeite such respective Deanry Canonry Prebend Mastership Fellowship Parsonage Vicaradge Ecclesiasticall Dignitie or Promotion and should be utterly disabled and ipso facto deprived of the same, And that every such respective Deanry Canonry Prebend Mastership Fellowship Parsonage Vicaridge Ecclesiasticall Dignity or Promotion should be void as if such person soe faileing were naturally dead, And that after such Subscription made every such Parson Vicar Curate and Lecturer should procure a Certificate under the Hand and Seale of the respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocesse and should publiquely and openly reade the same together with the Declaration or Acknowledgement aforesaid upon some Lords day within three moneths then next following in his Parish Church where he was to officiate in the presence of the Congregation there assembled in the time of Divine Service upon paine that every person failing therein should lose such Parsonage Vicaridge or Benefice respectively and should be utterly disabled and ipso facto deprived of the same. And that the said Parsonage Vicarage or Benefice should be void as if he were naturally dead.

Recital of 14 (13&14) C.II. c.4.

§8.

15° Car. II. c. 6.

A.D.\66$.

II.

Recital that divers Persons of eminent Loyalty and known Affection to the Church of England were out of the Realm at the passing of the said Act, and had no Notice thereof until after the Feast of St.Bartholomew, and others by reason of Sickness, &c. had not complied with the said Act; whereby such Persons were disabled and deprived of their Benefices; all such Persons declared to be restored;

and may hold their Benefices.

III.

Proviso that such Persons, if in England before the Nativity of our Lord, or it txyond Sea within 40 Days after return to England, subscribe the Declaration; and procure a Certificate;

and publicly read the same, together with the said Declaration, within the time herein mentioned.

And whereas diverse persons of eminent Loyaltie to His Majestie and of knowne affection to the Lituigie of the Church of England who by the said Act were required to subscribe the said Declaration or Acknowledgement at the time of the passeing of the said Act were out of this Realme in Ireland or other parts beyond the Seas upon lawfull and justifyable Occasions and had noe knowledge or notice thereof undll their retume into England being after the said Feast of Saint Bartholomew, And diverse other of the said Loyall and well affected persons by reason of sicknes imprisonment disabilitie of body or otherwise could not, or did not resorte unto their respective Arch-bishops Bishops or Ordinaries or Vice Chauncellours of the respective Universities before whom such Subscription was appointed by the said Act to be made All which said persons are by force of the said Act utterly disabled and ipso facto deprived of their respective Deanries Canonries Prebend ryes Mastershipps Fellowshipps Parsonages Vicarages or other Ecclesiasticall Benefices or Promotions by reason of such their ommission, For remedy whereof and for the releife of such persons Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authorise of the same That all Deanes Canons Prebendaries Masters and Fellowes of any Colledges Halls or other Houses of Learning and all Parsons Vicars and other Ecclesiasticall persons aforesaid who at the time of the passeing of the said Act being in Ireland or any the parts beyond the Seas did not retume into this Kingdome before the said Feast of Saint Bartholimew One thousand six hundred six tie and two, or who being in England by Imprisonment Sicknes Disabilitie of Body or otherwise did not resorte unto their respective Archbishop Bishop Ordinary or Vice Chauncellour of the said respective Universities to subscribe the said Declaration and Acknowledgement before the said Feast in the yeare of our Lord aforesaid shall be and are hereby declared to be restored unto and preserved in their respective Deanryes Canonryes Prebends Masterships Fellowships Parsonages Vicarages and other Ecclesiasticall Benefices and Promotions whereunto noe other person or persons before the first day of August in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and three were or shall be lawfully instituted indufted collated or placed. And shall and may hold and enjoy the same according to his and their former right. The aforesaid Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided That every such Deane Canon Prebendary Master and Fellow of any Colledge, Hall or House of Learning and all Parsons Vicars and Curates and other Ecclesiasticall persons who are, or shall by vertue of this Act be restored to, or preserved in their said severall and respective Promotions shall before the Feast of the Nativitie of our Lord next ensueing if he be in England or if beyond the Seas within Forty dayes after his retume into England subscribe the said Declaration or Acknowledgement before the respective Archbishop Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocesse, or Vice Chauncellour aforesaid respectively, And that every such Parson Vicar Curate or Lecturer shall procure a Certificate under the Hand and Seale of the respective Arch-bishop Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocesse (who are hereby required and enjoyned upon demand to make and deliver such Certificate) And shall publiquely and openly reade the same together with the Declaration or Acknowledgement aforesaid upon some Lords day within three monethes [then1] next following such Subscription in his Parish Church where he is to officiate in the presence of the Congregation then assembled in the time of Divine Service.

IV.

Proviso for Subscriptions made before Vicar General, Chancellor to Archbishop, &c. or Commissary to Archbishop of Canterbury.

V.

Persons having the Benefit of this Act to make Allowance for serving Cure since Aug. 24, 1662.

And be it further enacted and declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Subscription already made or hereafter to be made before any Vicar Generali or Chauncellour to any Archbishop or Bishop or Commissary to the Archbishop of Canterbury or any other Bishop is and shall be as effectuall and beneficiall in Law to all intents and purposes to every person and persons which have or shall make such Subscription as aforesaid as if the same had beene made before the Archbishop or Bishop of the Province or Diocese respectively. Any thing in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Provided alsoe That every person who shall have benefit by this Act shall make such Allowance for serveing the Cure since the sower and twentyeth day of August One thousand six hundred sixtie two as shall be judged fitt by the Ordinary of the place and shall pay and discharge all Tenthes Pensions and other Charges wherewith the Benefice to which he is by this Act restored hath beene or might be legally charged since the day aforesaid, *]

VI.

Persons disabled to preach to be liable to the same Penalties as Persons prohibited.

And whereas some Doubt hath arisen whether persons prohibited to preach by the said Act are in the same plight as to punishment with persons disabled by the said Act to preach Be it declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that the Penalties by the said Act to be inflicted upon any person disabled by the said Act to preach for any offence against the said Act, shall in like manner be inflicted upon every person soe offending that is prohibited by the said Act to preach, Any thing doubt or ambiguity in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 interlined on the Roll.

9 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1663.

15° Car. II. c.7.

449

CHAPTER VII An Act for the Encouragement of Trade

FORASMUCH as the encourageing of Tillage ought to be in an especiall manner regaurded and endeavoured and the surest and effectualest meanes of promoting and advanceing any Trade Occupation or Mistery being by rendring it profitable to the users thereof, And great quantities of Land within this Kingdome for the present lyeing in a manner waste and yeilding litle which might thereby be improved to considerable Proffitt and Advantage (if sufficient incouragement were given for the laying out of cost and labour on the same) and thereby much more Come produced, greater numbers of People Horses and Catle imployed and other Land alsoe rendred more valueable Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie thereof, And it is hereby enacted That from and after the First day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and three and from thenceforward when the prices of Come and Graine Winchester measure doe not exceed the rates hereafter following at the Havens or Places where the same shall be shipped or loaden (viz)

The Quarter of Wheate Eight and forty Shillings, the Quarter of Barly or Malt Eight and twenty Shillings,

The Quarter of Bucke wheate Eight and twenty shillings, The Quarter of Oates Thirteene Shillings and sower pence, The Quarter of Rye Two and Thirty Shillings The Quarter of Pease or Beanes Two and Thirty Shillings currant English Money That then it shall be lawfull for all and every person and persons to shipp load carry

and transport any of the said Corns or Graines from the Havens or Places where they shall be of such Prices unto

any parts beyond the Seas as Merchandice, Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding paying such Rates for the same and none other as are to be paid when the same might have beene transported by one Act passed this present Parliament entituled A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage,

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That when the prices of the aforesaid Comes and draines doe not exceede the Rates above mentioned respectively Winchester Measure at the Haven or Place into which any of them shall be imported from any [parts1] beyond the Seas there shall be paid for the Custome and Poundage of every Quarter of Wheate five shillings and sower pence, and for every Quarter of Rye sower shillings, and for every Quarter of Barley or Malt two shillings and eight pence, and for every Quarter of Bucke wheate two shillings, and for every Quarter of Oates one shilling sower pence, and for every Quarter of Pease or Beanes sower shillings.

Rot. Parl. 15 C. II. p. 2. mu. 6

Reason* for passing this Act.

Prices at which Corn may be exported

paying Rates for the same as under 12 Car. II. c. 4.

H.

Certain Prices at which Custom and Poundage tO/be paid.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That when the prices of Corne or Graine Winchester HI.

Measure doe not exceede the Rates following at the Markets Havens or Places where the same shall be bought Corn may be (viz) The Quarter of Wheate Eight and forty shillings, the Quarter of Rye Two and thirty shillings, the Quarter of Barley or Malt Eight and twenty shillings, the Quarter of Bucke Wheate Eight and twenty shillings, the Quarter of &PC.

Oates thirteene shillings (*) sower pence, the Quarter of Pease or Beanes Two and thirty shillings That then it shall be lawfull for all and every person and persons (not forestalling nor selling the same in the [same3] Market within three Moneths after the buying thereof) to buy in open Market, and to lay up and keepe in his [and4] their Graineries or Houses, and to sell againe such Come or Graine of the kinds aforesaid as without fraude and coven shall have beene bought at or under the prices before expressed without incurring any penaltie; Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

And in reguard His Majesties Plantations beyond the Seas are inhabited and peopled by His Subjects of this His Kingdome of England, For the maintaining a greater correspondence and kindnesse betweene them and keepeing them in a firmer dependance upon it, and rendring them yet more beneficiall and advantagious unto it in the farther Imployment and Encrease of English Shipping and Seamen, vent of English Woollen and other Manufactures and Commodities rendring the Navigation to and from the same more safe and cheape, and makeing this Kingdome a Staple not onely of the Commodities of those Plantations but alsoe of the Commodities of other Countryes and Places for the supplying of them, and it being the usage of other Nations to keepe their [Plantations5] Trade to themselves, Be it enacted and it is hereby enacted That from and after the Five and twentyeth day of March One thousand six hundred sixtie sower noe Commoditie of the Growth Production or Manufacture of Europe shall be imported into any I^and Island Plantation Colony Territory or Place to His Majestie belonging, or which shall [belong hereafter6] unto, or be in the Possession of His Majestie His Heires and Successors in Asia Africa or America (Tangier onely excepted) but what shall be bona fide and without fraude laden and shipped in England Wales [and4] the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and in English built Shipping, or which were bona fide bought before the first day of October One thousand six hundred sixtie and two and had such Certificate thereof as is directed in one Act passed the last Sessions of this present Parliament entituled An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in His Majesties Customes, and whereof the Master and three Fourthes of the Marriners at least are English, and which shall be carryed directly thence to the said Lands Islands Plantations Colonyes Territories or Places, and from noe other place or places whatsoever Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding, under the Penaltie of the losse of all such Commodities of the Growth Production or Manufacture of Europe as shall be imported into any of them from any other Place whatsoever by Land or Water, and if by Water, of the Ship, or Vessell alsoe m which they were imported with all her Guns Tackle Furniture Ammunition and Apparell, one third parte to His Majestie His Heires and Successors, one third part to the Govemour of such Land Island Plantation Colony

IV.

For maintaining a greater Correspondence and Kindness between this Kingdom and the Plantations,

no Manufacture of Europe to be imported into any Plantation (Tangier excepted), but what shall be shipped in England in English-built Shipping, pursuant to 14(13 & 14)

Car. II. c. 11.

and English manned, and carried directly to the said Plantations;

Penalty

how to be disposed of.

1 Part 0. * and 0. J interlined on the Roll. 4 or 0. ’ Plantation 0. hereafter belong 0.

VuL. V.

5 v

15° Car. II. c. 7.

A.D. 1663.

V.

Proviso for shipping Salt for the Fisheries, Madeira Wines, Wines of the Western Isles, Servant sand Horses and Victuals of Scotland and Ireland.

VI.

Persons importing into the Plantations to deliver to the Governor an Account of their Names and of the Goods imported.

No Ship to unlade till the Master has produced a Certificate of Name and Built of Ship, and the Name of the Commander, &c.

and delivered an Inventory of the Lading and the Place of Growth; Penalty.

Governors of Plantations, (Tangier excepted) before their Entrance upon Office, to take an Oath to observe this Ad}

Penalty.

Offending after Oath taken, turned out; Incapacity ; Penalty <j£t,oooo.

Territory or Place into which such Goods were imported if the said Shipp, Vessell or Goods be there seised, or informed against and sued for, or otherwise that Third part alsoe to His Majestie His Heires and Successors, and the other Third parte to him or them who shall seise informe or sue for the same in any of His Majesties Courts in such of the said Lands Islands Colonies Plantations Territories or Places where the Offence was committed, or in any Court of Record in England by Bill, Information Plaint or other Action wherein noe Essoyne Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed

Provided alwayes and be it hereby enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to shipp and lade in such Shipps, and soe navigated as in the foregoeing Clause is sett downe and expressed in any part of Europe Salt for the Fisheries of New England and New found land, and to shipp and lade in the Medera’s Wines of the Growth thereof, and to shipp and lade in the Westeme Islands or Azores Wines of the Growth of the said Islands, and to shipp [or1]] take in Servants or Horses in Scotland or Ireland, and to shipp or lade in Scotland all sorts of Victuall of the Growth or Production of Scotland* and to shipp or lade in Ireland all sortes of Victuall of the Growth or Production of Ireland, and the same to transport into any of the said Lands Islands Plantations Colonyes Territories or Places, Any thing in the foregoeing Clause in the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And for the better prevention of Fraudes Be it enacted and it is hereby enatted That from and after the Five and twentyeth day of March One thousand six hundred sixty and sower every person or persons importing by land any Goods or Commodities whatsoever into any the said Lands Islands Plantations Colonies Territories or Places shall deliver to the Govemour of such Land Island Plantation Colony Territory or Place, or to such Person or Officer as shall be by him thereunto authorized and appointed within sower and twenty hours after such Importation his and their Names and Surnames and a true Inventory and Particular of all such Goods or Commodities, And noe Shipp or Vessell comeing to any such Land Island Plantation Colony Territory or Place shall lade or unlade any Goods or Commodities whatsoever untill the Master or Commander of such Shipp or Vessell shall first have made knowne to the Govemour of such Land Isleland Plantation Colony Territory or Place or such other Person or Officer as shall be by him thereunto authorized and appointed the arrivall of the said Shipp or Vessell with her name, and the name and surname of her Master or Commander, and have shewen to him that she is an English built Shipp, or made good by produceing such Certificate as abovesaid that she is a Shipp or Vessell bona fide belonging to England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke and navigated with an English Master and three fourth parts of the Marriners at least Englishmen and have delivered to such Govemour or other Person or Officer a true and perfefl Inventory or Invoice of her Ladeing together with the place or places in which the said Goods were laden or taken into the said Shipp or Vessell under the paine of the losse of the Shipp or Vessell with all her Guns Amunition Tackle Furniture and Apparell and of all such Goods of the Growth Production or ManufaChire of Europe as were not bona fide laden and taken in, in England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke to be recovered and divided in manner aforesaid, And all such as are Governours or Comanders of any the said Lands Islands Plantations Colonyes Territoryes or Places (Tangier onely excepted) shall before the Five and twentyeth day of March One thousand six hundred sixtie and sower and all such as shall hereafter be made Governours or Commanders of any of them shall before their entrance upon the execution of such trust or charge take a Solemne Oath before such person or persons as shall be authorized by His Majestie His Heires and Successors to administer the same to doe their utmost within their respective Governments or Commands to cause to be well and truely observed what is in this Act enabled in relation to the Trade of such Lands Islands Plantations Colonyes Territoryes and Places under the penaltie of being removed out of their respective Governments and Commands. And if any of them shall be found after the takeing of such Oath to have wittingly and willingly offended contrary to what

is by this A & required of them, that they shall for such Offence be turned out of their Governments, and be

incapeable of the Government of any other Land Island Plantation or Colony, and moreover forfeite the summe of One thousand pounds lawfull money of England, the one moyety to His Majestie His Heires and Successors

and the other moyetie to him or them that shall informe or sue for the same in any of His Majesties Courts in

any of the said Plantations or in any Court of Record in England wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed.

VII.

Officer of the Customsin England giving Warrant or suffering Plantation Goods herein mentioned to be carried to any other Country, without having first been landed in England ; Forfeiture of Place, and Penalty.

And it is hereby further enacted That if any Officer of the Customes in England Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede shall give any Warrant for or suffer any Sugar, Tobaccho, Ginger, Cotton, Wooll, Indico Speckle Wood or Jamaica Wood Fusticke or other Dying Wood of the growth of any of the said Lands Islands Colonyes Plantations Territories or Places to be carryed into any other Country or Place whatsoever untill they have beene first unladen bona fide and putt on shore in some Port or Haven in England or Wales or in the Towne of Berwicke, that every such Officer for such Offence shall forfeite his place and the value of such of the said Goods as he shall give Warrant for or suffer to passe into any other Country or Place the one moyety to His Majestie His Heires and Successors and the other moyety to him or them that shall informe or sue for the same in any Court of Record in England or Wales wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed.

VIII. Proviso for lading Sea-coals on Payment of Duty, and being navigated according to A&, and giving Security for landing.

And for the better encouragement of the said Plantations and the increase of the Shipping and Navigation of this Kingdome Be it enacted and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the Five

and twentyeth day of March One thousand six hundred sixtie and sower it shall and may be lawfull out of any

Port of England or Wales or out of the Towne of Berwicke to shipp and lade Sea coales for any part of them

paying for the Chalder Newcastle measure one shilling eight pence, and for the Chalder London measure one

1 and 0.

15° Car. II. c.7.

451

shilling and noe more in full of all Custome and Poundage for the same, Any Law Statute or Prohibition to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Provided that such Sea-coales be shipped in such Shipping and soe navigated as abovesaid, And that good security he given to the Officers of the Customes in such Port in which they are shipped for the landing them in the said Plantations and not elsewhere.

And forasmuch as severall considerable and advantagious [Trades'] cannot be conveniently driven and carry ed on without the Species of Money or Bullion, and that it is found by experience that they are carryed in greatest abundance (as to a Common Market) to such places as give free liberty for exporting the same and the better to keepe in and encrease the current Coynes of this Kingdome Be it enacted and it is hereby enacted That from and after the First day of August One thousand six hundred sixtie and three it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person or persons whatsoever to export out of any Port of England or Wales in which there is a Customer or Collector or out of the Towne of Berwicke all sortes of Forreigne Coyne or Bullion of Gold or Silver first makeing entry thereof in such Custome house respectively without paying any Duty Custome Poundage or Fee for the same Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

And lastly whereas a very great part of the richest and best Land of this Kingdome is, and cannot soe well

be otherwise imployed and made use of as in the Feeding and Fattening of Catle, And that by the comeing in

of late of vast numbers of Catle already fatted such lands are in many places much fallen and like dayly to fall more in their Rents and Values and in consequence other Lands alsoe to the great prejudice detriment and impoverishment of this Kingdome Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid and it is hereby enacted That

for every head of great Catle (excepte such as are of the breed of Scotland) that shall be imported or brought

into England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede after the First day of July and before the Twentyeth day of December in any yeare, And for every head of great Catle of the breed of Scotland that shall be imported (2) into England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke after the Fower and twentyeth day of August and before the Twentyeth day of December in any yeare there shall be paid to His Majestie His Heires and Successors the summe of twenty shillings, And the summe of ten shillings to him or them that shall informe or seise the same. And the summe of tenn shillings to the Poore of the Parish where such Seisure or Information shall be made to be recovered and leavyed by Bill Plaint or other Action wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed.

And moreover That there shall be paid to His Majestie His Heires and Successors for every Sheepe which shall be imported into England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke aforesaid after the First day of August and before the Twentyeth day of December in any yeare the summe of Ten shillings of lawfull money of England to be recovered and leavyed in manner aforesaid.

Provided alwayes That this Act in soe far as it relates to great Catle or Sheepe shall not take place till the First day of July One thousand six hundred sixtie and sower, nor continue longer then the end of the First Session of the next Parliament.

And for the Encouragement of the Herring and North Sea [Island3] and Westmony Fisheryes Be it enacted and it is hereby enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the First day of August which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and sower noe Fresh Herring Fresh Codd or Haddock Coal fish or Gull fish shall be imported into England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke but in English built Shipps or Vessells, or in Shipps or Vesselis bona fide belonging to England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke and haveing such Certificate thereof as is abovesaid, And whereof the Master and three Fourthes at (4) least of the Mariners are English, and which hath beene fished caught and taken in such Shipps or Vessells and soe navigated, and not being bought or had of any Strangers borne or out of any Strangers Bottomes under the paine of the forfeiture of all such Herring Codd Haddock Coal fish or Gull fish imported contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, and of the Shipp or Vessell in which it was imported, one moiety of which forfeitures shall be to His Majestie His Heires and Successors and the other moyetie to him or them that shall informe seise or sue for the same to be recovered by Bill Plaint or other Action wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed,

And be it further enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the following sortes or kinds of salted or dryed Fish which from and after the [said1] First day of August shall be imported into England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke in any other Shipp or Vessell then what is English built or belonging to England Wales or Towne of Berwicke and haveing such Certificate thereof as abovesaid and whereof the Master and three Fourthes of the Marriners at least are English and not haveing beene fished and caught in such Shipps or Vessells and soe navigated there shall be paid by way of Custome and Impost the severall summes of money herein after perticularly mentioned (that is to say)

For Cod-fish the Barrell five shillings

For Cod fish, the Last containing twelve Barrell Three pounds,

For Cod-fish the hundred containing sixscore Ten shillings

For Coale fish the hundred containing sixscore five shillings.

For Lings the hundred containing sixscore One pound,

For White Herrings the Last containing twelve Barrells One pound sixteene shillings,

For Haddocks the Barrell Two shillings,

For Gull fish the Barrell Two shillings,

IX.

For the Purpose of keeping in and increasing the Current Coin of this Kingdom, Foreign Coin or Bullion may be exported.

X.

Recital that by bringing fatted Cattle the Rents of Lands have fallen.

For every Head of great Cattle, except of Scotland, imported after the ist July and before 20th December ; and of great Cattle of Scotland imported after 24th August and before 20th Dec. 208. to the King, 108. to Informer,

1 os. to the Poor.

XI.

And for every Sheep imported, to the King ios.

XII. Commencement of Act as to such Importations.

XIII. Regulation as to Importation of Fresh Herring, Fresh Cod, &c.

Penalty.

XIV.

Duties on certain Sorts of salted and dried Fish imported.

15° Car. II. c. 7, 8.

A.D. 166S.

XV.

Recital that the growing and making of Tobacco in England increases, notwithstanding 12 Car. II. c.34. in consequence of the smallness of the Penalties.

Sowing Tobacco,

further Penalty }

how to be disposed of.

XV!.

Resisting

Execution of Act,

Imprisonment, over and above the former Penalties.

XVII. Proviso for Physic Gardens of the Universities, &c.

And forasmuch as planting and makeing Tobaccho within this Kingdome of England doth continue and increase to the apparent losse of His said Majestie in His Customes the discouragement of the English Plantations in the parts beyond the Seas and prejudice of this Kingdome in generall notwithstanding an Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth yeare of His said Majesties Raigne for prevention thereof endtuled An Act for prohibiting the planting setting or sowing of Tobacco in England and Ireland, And forasmuch as it is found by experience that the reason why the said planting and makeing of Tobaccho doth continue is That the penalties prescribed and appointed by that Law are soe litle as have neither power or effect over the transgressors thereof For remedy therefore of soe great an evill Bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every the person and persons whatsoever that doe, or shall at any time hereafter sett plant or sow any Tobaccho in Seed, Plant or otherwise in or upon any Ground Field Earth or place within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales Islands of Guemsie and Jersie or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or Kingdome of Ireland shall over and above the Penaltie of the said Act for that purpose ordained for every such offence forfeite and pay the summe of Ten pounds for every Rod or Pole of Ground that he or they shall soe plant sett or sow with Tobaccho and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity of ground one third part thereof to the Kings Majestie, one other third part thereof to the use of the Poore of such respective Parish or Parishes wherein such Tobaccho shall be soe planted sett or sowed and the other third part thereof to him or them that shall sue for the same to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His said Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protestion or Wager of Law shall be allowed

And it is hereby further enacted That in case any person or persons shall resist or make forceable opposition against any person or persons in the due and through Execution of the said Act of the Twelfth of His said Majesties Raigne that he she or they soe resisting and makeing forceable opposition shall over and above the Penalties therein mentioned for such Offences be committed to the common Goale of the County where such Offence shall be committed there to remaine without Baile or Maineprize untill he she or they have entred into a Recognizance to His Majestie His Heires and Successors with two sufficient Sureties of Ten pounds penaltie not to doe or committ the like offence againe,

Provided alwayes That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to the hindrance or prejudice of planting Tobaccho in any Phisicke Garden of either of the Universities or any other private Garden for Surgery soe as the quantity soe planted exceede not the halfe of one Pole in any one place or Garden,

XVIII. Proviso for Importation of Cattle and Com from the Isle of Man.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to import Cade of the breed of the Isle of Man not exceeding six hundred in any one yeare And Come of the growth of that Island out of that Island into England soe as the said Catle be landed at Chester Liverpoole or Wirewater, Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VIII.

Rot* Par/. 15 C. //. P* 2. HU. 7.

Recital of 3 & 4 Ed. VI. c. 19 * 3-

Reasons for passing

this A a.

Butchers not to sell fat Cattle alivej

Penalty.

An Act to prevent the selling of live fatt Cade by Butchers.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Third and Fourth yeares of the Raigne of King Edward the Sixth it is enacted That noe person useing the Craft or Mistery of a Butcher should buy any fatt Oxen Steeres Runts Kine Heifers Calves or Sheepe and sell the same againe alive upon paine of forfeiture of the Catle soe sold which Law hath not wrought such effectuall reformation as was intended by reason of the difficultie in the proofe of such buying and selling being for the most part at places far distant if not in severall County es, by meanes whereof the parties soe offending have escaped unpunished Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That noe person useing the Trade of a Butcher shall at any time from and after the Feast of Saint Michaell the Arch Angell next ensueing sell offer or expose to sale in any Market or elsewhere either by himselfe or any Servant or Agent whatsoever any Fatt Oxen [Strees,1] Runts, Kine, Heifers Calves Sheepe or Lambes alive upon paine to forfeite the double Value of the Catle soe sold, or offered or exposed to sale as aforesaid, the one moyetie of which Forfeiture shall be to the Kings Majestie H,s Heires and Successors and the other moyety to him or them that will sue for the same in any of His Majesties Courts of Record by Bill Plaint Action of Debt or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed

1 Steeres 0.

A.D. 1663.

15° Car. II. c. 9.

453

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for granting Fower inure Subsidies to His Majestie by the Temporaltie.

MOST Gratious Soveraigne Wee your Majesties most dutyfull and Loyal 1 Subjects the Commons assembled in Parliament haveing entred into a due and serious consideration of those difficulties and dangers which have soe long threatened the Peace and exhausted the Treasure of this Kingdome, and well knowing those weighty and important occasions which doe still presse your Majestie, and with all humble thankfulnesse acknowledging the many blessings we enjoy through the Justice and the Peace, the Wisedome and [the1] Pietie of your Majesties Royall Government doe chearefiilly and unanimously and with hearts fully and intirely devoted to your Majesties Service humbly present your Majestie with the free Guift of Fower intire Subsidies which wee humbly beseech your Majestie gradously to accept of as a testimony of the most dutyfull Affections of us your Subjects, And that your Majestie would be pleased that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authoride of the same That our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors shall have receive and enjoy Fower intire Subsidies to be rated taxed levyed and paid at Two severall Payments of every person Spirituall and Temporall of what Estate or Degree he or they be of according to the tenour of this Act in manner and forme following that is to say That as well every person borne within this Real me of England Wales Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or other the Kings Dominions as all and every Fraternity Guild Corporation Misterie Brotherhood and Commonaltie Corporate and not Corporate within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions being worth Three pounds aswell in Coyne, And the value of every pound that every such Person Fratemitie Guild Corporation Misterie Brotherhood and Commonaltie Corporate or not Corporate hath of his or their owne, or any other hath to his or their use, As alsoe in Plate Stocke of Merchandice, all manner of Come and Graine Householdstuffe, and of all other Goods moveable aswell within this Realme as without, And of all such summes of money as to him or them is or shall be oweing whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience surely to be paid (except and out of the premisses deduded such summes of money as he or they doe owe and in his or their consciences intend truely to pay, and except alsoe the apparell of every such persons their Wives and Children belonging to their owne Bodyes saveing Jewels Gold Silver Stone and Pearle) shall pay to and for every of the said Subsidyes Two shillings eight pence of every pound, And alsoe every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Kings obeisance aswell Denizens as others inhabiting within this Realme, And alsoe every Popish Recusant Convict, or which before the time of the Assessment of the severall Subsidies by this present Act granted shall be Popish Recusant, Convict, or which are, or shall be indicted for Popish Recusancy, And their Indictments either are or shall be removed by Certiorari, or being not removed shall not by Apparance and Traverse legally discharge their said Indictments at the next Assizes or within two Generali Sessions of the Peace where the said persons shall be indicted respectively, of every pound that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of every pound in Plate Corne Graine Merchandize Householdstuffe or other Goods Jewells Chattells Moveables and unmoveables as is aforesaid aswell within this Realme as without, And of all summes of money to him or them oweing, whereof he or they trust in his or their consciences to be paid (except and out of the premisses deduded every such Summe and Summes of money which he or they doe owe, and in his or their conscience or consciences intend truely to pay) shall pay to and for every of the said Subsidyes Five shillings and sower pence for every pound, And alsoe that every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Kings Dominions being Denizen or not Denizen not being contributary to any the Rates aforesaid, and being of the age of seaven yeares or above, And every Popish Recusant Convict, or which before the time of the Assessment of the severall Subsidies by this present Act granted shall be a Popish Recusant Convict, and being of the age of seaventeene yeares, or which being of the age of one and twenty yeares hath not received the Holy Comunion within one yeare then last past shall pay to and for every of the said severall Subsidyes eight pence for every Poll, And the Master or he or she with whom the said Alien is, or shall be abideing at the time of the Taxation or Taxations thereof to be charged with the same for lacke of payment thereof.

Rot. Parl. 15 C. //. p. x. nu. 1.

Four entire Subsidies presented,

at Two several Payments.

Guilds, &c. Corporate and not Corporate, to pay.

Proviso for Apparel, See.

Two Shillings and Eight-pence of * every round. Aliens and Popish Recusants Convict,

Five Shillings and Four-pence of every round. Aliens Seven Years old.

Popish Recusants Convict,

17 Years old, or 21 Years old, not having received the Sacrament. Eight-pence Poll.

And be it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That every person borne under the Kings Obeisance and every Corporation Fratemitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood and Commonaltie Corporate or not Corporate for every pound that every of the said persons and every Corporation Fraternity Guild Mistery Brotherhood and Commonaltie Corporate or not Corporate or any other to his or their use both in Fee simple Fee taile for terme of life, terme of yeares by Execution or by Copy of Court Roll of and in any Honours Castles Mannours Lands Tenements Rents Services Hereditaments Annuityes Fees Corrodyes or other yearely Proffitts of the yearely value of Twenty shillings aswell within Auntient Demeasne and other places priviledged as elsewhere, and soe upward shall pay to and for ivery of the said Fower Subsidies Fower shillings of and for every pound. And every Alien Denizen or not Denizen borne out of the Kings Obeizance, and every Popish Recusant convict of what Estate or Degree soever they be of, or which before the time of the Assessment of the severall Subsidyes by this present Act granted shall be a Popish Recusant convict, or which shall be indited for Popish Recusancy, and their Indictments are or shall be removed by (*) Certiorari, or being not removed shall not by Apparance and Traverse legally discharge their said Indictments at the next Assizes, or within two Generali Sessions of the Peace, where the said persons shall be indicted respectively in such case to pay to and for every of the said Fower severall Subsidies Eight shillings for every pound, And that all summes to be presented and chargeable by this Act either for Goods and Debts or

II.

Persons,

Corporations, See. having Lands, See. of Twenty Shillings yearly Value.

Four Shillings in every Pound.

Aliens, Sec.

Eight Shillings in the Pound.

5 z

15° Car. II. c.9.

A.D. 1663.

Proviso for Land chargeable to Tithes and Servants Wages.

Plate, &c. held for Corporations, to be rated.

Land, Corrodiet, Fees, &c.

Proviso for Ornaments, &c. of the Church.

III.

First Two Subsidies how to be rated.

Last Two Subsidies how to be rated.

Sums, Names of Persons charged, and Names of Collectors to be certified to Exchequer.

Payments into the Exchequer in one entire Sum.

Pirmenta

Liberties,

its in &c.

IV.

Absentees, whether Natives or Aliens, to be charged by Certificate of Inhabitants of Place.

Rule by which they are to be charged.

V.

Commissioners for assessing the King's Houshold to be appointed by Lord Chancellor, LprdTreasurer, and other great Officers.

either of them or for Lands Tenements and other the premisses as is in this Act contained shall be at every of the said Payments sett and taxed after the rate and proportion according to the true meaning of this Act Lands and Tenements chargeable to the Disms of the Clergy and yearely Wages due to Servants for their yearely Service (other then the Kings Servants, takeing yearely Wages of Five pounds or above) onely excepted and foreprized, And that all Plate Coyne Jewells Goods Debts and Chattells personal I and all Lands Tenements and other the premisses as aforesaid being in the rule and custodie of any person or persons to the use of any Corporation Fraternity Guild Mistery Brotherhood or any Commonaltie being Corporate or not Corporate be and shall be rated sett and charged by reason of this Act at the value certifyed by the Presenters in their Certificate for every pound in Goods and Debts as is aforesaid, And for every pound in Lands Tenements Annuityes Fees Corodyes and other yearely Proffitts as is aforesaid, And the summes that are above rehearsed sett and taxed to be levyed and taken of them that shall have such Goods in custody, or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehearsed, And the same persons and persons and bod yes Corporate by authoride of this Act shall be discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the time of the payment or delivery thereof, or at his otherwise departure from the custodie or possession of the same, except and alwayes foreprized from the charge and Assessment of the said Subsidyes all Goods Chattells Jewells and Ornaments of Churches and Chappells which have beene ordained and used in Churches and Chappells for the honour and service of Almighty God.

And the first two of the said Fower Subsidyes shall be by Authority aforesaid taxed sessed and rated according to this Act in every Shire Rydeing Lath Wapentake Rape Citty Burrough Towne and every other place within this Realme of England Wales Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and other the Kings Dominions before the First day of October now next comerng, And the last two of the said Fower Subsidyes shall be by Authoride aforesaid taxed assessed and rated according to this AS in every Shire Rideing Lath Wapentake Rape Citty Burrough Towne and every other place within this Realme of England Wales Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and other the Kings Dominions before the First day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and three, And the perdcular summes of every Shire Riding Burrough Towne and other place aforesaid with the pardcular names of such as are or shall be chargeable to and for the payment of the two first of the said Fower Subsidyes to be taxed and sett by the Commissioners for the same to be limitted, or two of them at the least with the names of the High Collectors, and in the same forme shall be certifyed into the Kings Exchequer before the fowerteenth day of October next ensuring, And the two latter before the Fowerteenth day of Aprill then next ensuring And the same summes in forme aforesaid to be taxed to and for the payment of the [said1] two first of the said sower Subsidyes shall be paid in one intire summe into the Kings Receipte of the Exchequer aforesaid to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord His Hrires and Successors at or before the First day of November now next comeing And the said summes in manner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the payment of the two last of the said sower Subsidyes shall be paid in one intire summe into the Kings Receipt of the Exchequer aforesaid to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord at or before the First day of May then next following. And the summes abovesaid of and for the said Subsidyes shall be taxed sett asked and demanded taken gathered levyed and paid to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord His Hrires and Successors in forme aforesaid aswell within [the *] Liberties Franchises Sanctuaryes, Auntient Demesnes and other whatsoever places exempt or not exempt as without (except such Shires Places and Persons as shall be foreprized in and by this present Act) Any Grant Charter Prescription Use or Liberty by reason of any Letters Patents or other Priviledge Prescription Allowance for the same or whatsoever other matter or discharge heretofore to the contrary made granted used or obtained notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted by Authority of this present Parliament That every such persons aswell such as be borne under the Kings Obeysance, as every other person stranger borne Denizen or not Denizen inhabiting within this Realme or within Wales, Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or other the Kings Dominions which at the time of the said Assessings or Taxations or any or every of them to be had or made shall be out of this Realme or out of Wales and have Goods Chattells Lands or Tenements Fees or Annuityes or other Proffitts within this Realme or in Wales shall be charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitants of the place where such Goods Chattells Lands Tenements or other the Premisses then shall be, or in such place where such person or persons or his or their Factor Deputy or Attoumey shall have his or their most resorte unto within this Realme or in Wales in like manner as if the said person were or had beene at the time of the said assessing within this Realme; And that every person abideing or dwelling within or without this Realme shall be charged and chargeable to the said severall Subsidyes granted by this Act according and after the rate of such yearely substance or value of Lands or Tenements Goods Chattells and other the Premisses as every person soe to be charged shall be sett att, at the time of the said Assessing or Taxation upon him to be made and noe otherwise.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the assessing and ordering of the said Subsidyes to be duely had the Lord Chauncellour of England or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, the Lord Treasurer of England, the Lord President of the Kings Councell, the Lord Privy Seale the Lord Admirall of England, the Lord Steward of the Kings Householde and the Lord Chamberlaine of the Kings most honourable Household for the time being or two of them at the least (whereof the Lord Chauncellour or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, or the Lord Treasurer for the time being to be one) shall and may name and appoint such and soe many persons as they in their discretions shall thinke fitt to be Comissioners for the rateing and taxeing of the Honourable Household of the Kings Majestie, in what Shire or other place the said Household shall happen then to be, And the said

15° Car. II. c. 9.

465

Chauncellour of England, or Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being shall make and direct out of the Court of Chauncery under the Great Seale one or more Commissions for the [assessing'] and levying of the said severall Subsidyes according to the true meaning of this Act in manner and forme hereafter expressed for His Majestyes Household unto the persons in manner aforesaid to be nominated.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every the persons hereafter named shall by vertue of this Act, and without any further Authority or Commission be Commissioners of and for the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places hereafter named That is to say

For the County of Bedford

Robert Lord Bruce Sir Humphrey Winch Baronet Richard Tayler William Russell Esquiers Sir Henry Chester Knight of the Bath Sir Humphry Monox Sir Thomas Alston Sir Lodowicke Dyer Sir John Napier Baronets Sir Roger Burgoyn Knight and Baronet, Sir William Beecher Sir George Blundell Knights, Sir Samuell Browne one of the Justices of His Majestyes Court of Common Pleas Sir John Keeling one of [His Majestyes1] Justices of [the5] Court of Kings Bench Sir William Palmer of Warden streete Sir William Palmer of Hill Knights John Keeling Sl John Thompson William Boteler Thomas Snag John Vaux John Osborne Francis Crawley William Spencer Francis Wingate Stephen Anderson Esquiers Sir Clement Armiger Sir John Duncombe Knights Francis Dive James Mountague William Geery Samuell Cotton John Neal John Ventris Robert Audley Robert Crompton Walter Cary Mathew Denton and John Mathewes Esqss Pawlet St John Esqs

For the Towne of Bedford

Robert Lord Bruce William Russell Esqs Sir Humphry Winch Baronet Richard Tayler Paulet St John John Gardiner Esquiers The Maior for the time being William Risley William Foster Symon Becket William Scott senior Thomas Christie Robert Beverley and Lewis Harding Gentlemen.

For the County of Bucks

Charles Earle of Ancram Thomas Lord Wain man Sir Thomas Tyrrell one of the Justices of the Common Pleas Sir Richard Temple Sir Toby Tyrrell Sir John Burlace Sir Anthony Chester Sir Thomas Proby Sir William Bowyer Sir William Smith Sir Ralph Varney Sir William Drake Sir Thomas Hampson Baronets Sir William Tirringham Knight of the Bath Sir Edmond Pye Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Napper Sir William Parsons Knights Sir Richard Pigott Sir Henry Harbert Sir John Dormer Knights William Fleetwood [Edmond Waller senior Charles Cheney4] Edmond Waller junior William Penn William Salter Francis Duffield Bret Norton Thomas Duncombe Thomas Hacket William Lane John Egleston Thomas Farrers Cesar Cranmore Thomas Risley Roger Price Peter Dorrell Francis Ingoldsby Edmond Dorrell Thomas Saunders James Herbert Esquiers Sir Thomas Clayton Knight Thomas Wedon Richard Winwood Richard Greenvile and Robert Scawen Esquires Sir John Croke Baronet Sir Richard Ingoldsby Sir Robert Gears Knights of the Bath Sir Robert Croke Sir Thomas Clargies Knights Robert Croke Richard Hampden William Burlace William Hill Thomas Farrer junior James Low Thomas Stafford Robert Lovet Bernard Turny Thomas Egleton Robert Dormer Francis Tyrryngham George Wyan William Cleaver William Abraham James Perrot John Green Henry Alnut Esquiers The Bayliffe of Buckingham for the time being, and The Maior of Wickham for the time being.

For the Towne of Buckingham

The Bailyfie for the time being Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir William Smith Baronet Thomas Risley Roger Price Esquiers John Smith Edmond Dayrell John Risley and John Turner Gentlemen.

For the County of Berks

Charles Earle of Ancram John Lovelace Esq^ Sir Richard Powle Knight of the Bath Sir George Stonehouse Sir George Pratt, Sir Richard Braham Sir Thomas Draper Sir Thomas Rich Sir Anthony Craven Sir Henry Winchcombe Sir William Backehouse Sir John Fettyplace Sir William Armorer Baronets Sir Edmond Sawyer Sir Robert Pye Sir Thomas Dolman Sir John Davis Knights Richard Nevill Humphry Hyde senior Humphry Hyde junior Thomas Fettiplace George Fettiplace Richard Harrison Robert Packer Richard Aid worth John Blagrave George Blagrave Peregrine Hoby William Barker Anthony Barker William Tayler Humphry Hyde of Hurst William Barker of Hurst John Elwes Thomas Garret Francis Piget John Southby John Allan William James Nicholas Hyde William Nelson Thomas Saunders Edward Hoby Edward Keat Richard Jones John Hersey Robert Leigh Robert Coston Edward Dalby Henry Proctor Thomas Southby Richard Palmer James Heron Philip Weston Henry Barker Esquiers William Offiey Doctor in Law Francis Hungerford Doctor [in4] Phisicke John Powney Roger Knight Richard Lovelace Roger Draper William Hussey William Baker Hargel Baron George Starkey Esquiers Walter Knight Thomas Seex William Braxton Gabriel Cox John Mundy Thomas Porter Gentlemen, The Maior of Reading for the time being, The Maior of Newbery for the time being, The Maior ot Abingdon for the time being, The Maior of Windsor for the time being, and The Maior of Wallingford for the time being.

For the County of Cornwall

Robert Roberts Hender Roberts Esquiers Sir Chichester Wray Sir John Trelawney Sir Richard Vivian Knights and Baronets Sir John Carew Sir John Coryton Sir William Godolphin Baronets Sir Francis Godolphin Sir Richard Edgecombe Sir Nicholas Slanning Knights of the Bath Sir Peter Courtney Sir John Arundell Sir William Godolphin

* sessing O. * the 0. 5 His Majesties O.

4 Charles Cheyney, Edmond Waller senior 0. s of 0.

VI.

Commissioners for Counties, See.

456

15° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1663.

Sir Peter Killigrew Sir James Smith Sir Samuell Cosworth Knights Bernard Greenvile Jonathan Trelawney Richard Arundell Peirce Edgecombe Charles Trevanian William Godolphin, Vinel Vivion John Vivion Hugh Boscowen Francis Buller junior Charles Roscarrock Michaell Vivion Nicholas Arundell William Pendarvis Arthur Spry Thomas Robinson John Tanner John Elliot John Buller John Kendall Thomas Craddon John Cotton Degorie Tremaine Walter Langdonsenior Walter Langdon junior John [Nicholas1] of Trewayne John [Nicholas'] of Litlewood William Spry George Spry Richard Rous Thomas Achim Charles Grill of Court Thomas Hawkes Joseph Nichols Samuell Trelawney John Trelawney John Polewheele Degory Polewheele [John1] Rashleigh [Jonathan3] Rashleigh William Scawne William Trevisa Hugh Piper John Blegh James Praed John St Aubin Richard Penwarden Walter Kendall Nicholas Glyn Henry Spoore senior Henry Spoore junior Richard Ensley Colon Blewet Thomas Piper Francis Luterel John Connock John Beilin Nathaniel Trevanion Christopher Cooke Francis Gregor Ezekiel Arundel James Erisey John Thomas Edward Elliot Thomas Hearle Thomas [Burle4] Edmond Prideaux [Esquiers.s]

For the County of Cumberland

Sir Philip Musgrave Sir Partridus Curwen Sir William Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther senior Sir John Lowther junior Sir Edward Musgrave Baronets Sir Thomas Dacres Sir Wilfrid Lawson Sir William Hudlestone Sir William Carleton Sir Philip Howard Sir Frands Salkeld Knights John Dalston Daniel Fleming John Lamplugh Robert Scawen Christopher Musgrave Richard Skelton William Musgrave William Layton George Denton John Eglonby George Tory Robert Highmore William Musgrave of [Croockdake6] Richard Tolson Anthony Latus William Pennington Edward Stanley John Senhouse senior John Senhouse junior Andrew Hudlestone junior John Senhouse of Seascale Joseph Patrickson Thomas Wibergh [John7] Irton John Punsonby Leonard Dikes Lancelot Fletcher Richard Lamplugh Esquiers.

For the Citty of Carlisle

The Maior of Carlisle for the time being Sir Philip Howard Knight Christopher Musgrave John Eglonby Esquiers John Tomlinson Mathew Wilkinson William Wilson and Thomas Jackson Gentlemen.

For the County of Cambridge and Isle of Ely

William Loid Allington Sir Dudley North Knight of the Bath Sir William Compton Knight Thomas Chichley Esq^ Sir Thomas Wendy Knight of the Bath Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Willis Sir Thomas Hatton Sir John Cuts Sir George Downing Baronets Sir Thomas Darrell Sir Isaac Thornton Knights Levinus Bennet Roger Pepys John Millicent Humphry Gardner Thomas Story William Lagar William Leggat Jeoffrey Nightingale and Samuel Fortrey Esquiers Mathew Wren William Colvile Thomas Marsh Charles Wren Michael Holman William Fisher Anthony Balam Robert Balam Edward Partrich and Thomas Castle Esquiers.

For the Towne of Cambridge

The Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Slater Baronet Robert Eade Stoyte Doctors of Phisicke

Samuel Spalding and Christopher Rose Aldermen.

For the County of Chester

William Lord Brereton Robert Lord Viscount [Chalmondeley8] Sir Thomas Smith Sir Richard Grosvenor Sir George Warburton Sir Peter Leicester Sir William Stanley Sir Peter Pindar Sir John Bellor Baronets Sir Philip Egerton Sir John Ardem Sir Robert Cotton Sir Foulke Lucy Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley Knights Sir Thomas Wilbraham Baronet Peter Venables Colonel Robinson Henry Leigh Richard Leigh Thomas Leigh Thomas Cholmondeley William Lawton John Crew of Crew Henry Bunbury Edward Warren William Leversage Esquiers and John Ward Gentleman.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester

The Maior for the time being Richard Leving Esq Recorder Charles Walley Robert Harvey Thomas Thropp Thomas Cooper William Ince Robert Bird Richard Minshul Arthur Walley Aldermen, and the Sheriffes of the Citty for the time being.

For the County of Derby

Henry Viscount Mansfeild William Lord Cavendish Anchitel Gray Geoige Pierpoint Esquiers Sir Thomas Greisley Sir John Curson Sir Francis Burdet Sir John Harper Sir Henry Evory Sir Edward Coke Sir William Boothby Baronets Sir John Harpur Knight John Fretchville German Pale John Ferrers George Vernon John Shalcrosse John Mundy Richard Coke John Mil ward William Fitzherbert Walter Horton Charles Agard Charles Cotton Gilbert Thacker Henry Gilbert Godfrey Clarke Nicholas Willimott Robert Eyre William Bullocke Edward Vernon John Low George Sitwell Francis Meynell Symon Degg Roger Allestrey John Dalton Esquiers The Maior of Derby for the time being The Maior of Chesterfeild for the time being Thomas Milward George Taylor William Wright Rowland Eyre of: Bradway Edmond Browne and Francis Barker Gentlemen.

1 Nicholls 0. * Jonathan 0.

* John 0. 4 Burrell Esquires 0. 5 Esq 0. • Croodake 0. 7 Johon 0. • Cholmondeley 0.

A.D. 1663.

15° Car. II. c. 9.

457

For the Burrough of Derby

The Maior for the time being Simon Degg Esq* Recorder Roger Allestry John Dalton and Hugh Bateman Esquiers.

For the County of Devon

Arthur Earle of Donegall in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Hugh Pollard Comptroller of His Majestyes Household Sir William Morrice Prindpall Secretary of State, Sir John Drake High Sheriffe of the County of Devon Sir Edward Seamour Sir George Chudley Sir Peter Prideaux Sir Thomas Hale Sir Courtney Poole Sir Coplestone Bampfield Sir John Northcot Sir John Chichester of Rawleigh Sir William Courtney Sir Edmond Fowell Sir William Morice Sir Thomas Carew Sir Chichester Wray Baronets Sir Edward Wise Sir John Roll Sir Edward Hungerford Knights of the Bath Sir John Chichester of Hall Sir Henry Carew Sir Richard Prideaux Sir James Smith Sir Thomas Stuckley Sir Robert Carew Sir William Stroud Sir Edmond Fortescue Sir John Davis Baronet Sir Thomas Higgons [Knight1] Edward Seamour Peter Prideaux John Fowell Arthur Basset Walter Young Francis Drew Robert Fortescue Thomas Clifford Arthur Champemowne Edmond Tremaine John Gifford of Brightley George Yeo Thomas [Scutcote*] Thomas Carew of Bowhill John Bury John Pollard Richard Cabell John Arscot Nicholas Ducke George Howard Jonathan Sparke Samuell Trelawney George Reynolds Nicholas Dennis Henry Northleigh Josias Calmady Henry Ford William Walrond Thomas Bere Samuel St Hill Edmond Walrond Henry Stephens Edward Hungerford Henry Nute John Willoughby James Clifford Peter Fortescue of Wood John Tanner Peirce Edgecombe Christopher Clobery Chilston Calmady Richard Coffin and Edmond Fowell Esquiers The Maior of Totnes for the time being The Maior of Plimouth for the time being, The Maior of Barnestable for the time being, The Maior of Dartmouth for the time being, and the Maior of Tiverton for the time being.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Exon

The Maior for the time being Sir Peter Ball Recorder Sir James Smith Knight Robert Walker John Martin William Bruton Esqrs John Bidgood Doctor of Phisicke Christopher Lethbridge Henry Gaudy Anthony Salter John Butler Allen Penny Aldermen, Thomas Shapcot Henry Walker Samuel Isaac Isaac Maudit senior Gentlemen Nicholas Isaac and John Acland Merchants.

For the County of Dorset

Wolley Miller Esq* High Sheriffe of the County John Lord Digby Sir Edward Nicholas Knight one of His Majestyes Privy Councell Sir John Morton Sir Francis Hollis Sir Gerrard Napper Baronets Sir Francis Fulford Sir John Strangwayes Sir Walter Earle Sir Ralph Bancks Sir John Fitz-James Sir John Low Sir John Strode Sir Nathaniel Napper Sir John Rogers Knights Giles Strangwayes Thomas Freake Humphry Weld Francis Windham John Strangwayes George Pite John Tregonwell of Anderston James Gould John Churchill Humphry Bishop Henry Whittaker Robert Gulleford Bullen Reymes John Rives Councellour at Law Thomas Fownes John Rives of [Damare5] Robert Coker Henry Henley John Tregonwell of Milton Thomas Trenchard Robert Lawrence Maximilian Mohun Robert Napper George Hussey Mathew Davies George Strangewayes George Fulford William Thomas Henry Butler George Grey William Okeden Robert Seamour Robert Tiderleigh John Ironside Arthur Fowkes George Trenchard Thomas Hussey of Edmondisham Peter Hoskins John Abington Esquiers. The Maior and Bayliffes of Dorchester for the time being, The Maior and Bayliffes of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis for the time being, The Maior of Shaston for the time being, The Maior of [Lynn4] for the time being, and the Bayliffes of Bridport for the time being.

For the Towne and County of Poole

The Maior for the time being Anthony Etricke Esq* Recorder William Scutt Esq* Robert Lewen Samuel Bramble Gentlemen and Robert Cleaves Merchant.

For the Bishoprick of Durham

Sir Thomas Davison High Sheriffe Sir John Conyers Sir Thomas Gore Sir Nicholas Cole Sir Gilbert Gerrard Knights and Baronets Sir James Pavering Baronet Sir Thomas Widrington Sir William Blackstone of Newton Sir Francis Anderson Sir Francis Bowes Knights Thomas Shadford Nicholas Frevill William Blackstone of Piddington Esquiers Colonel John Tempest Roger Talbot Esq* Thomas Burwell Doctor of the Lawes Ralph Davison [Samuel Davison5] Charles Gerard Esquiers The Maior of Durham Thomas Swinborne John Swinborne Esquiers Colonel John Byerly Henry Lamton Cutbard Care Esquiers Baron John Hilton Mr Gabriel Jackson Captaine Edward Gower Major Charles Belleses Captaine Barnes MrMorland of Durham and James Moore Gentlemen.

For the West Rideing of the County ofYorke.

Henry Viscount Irwin George Viscount Castleton Thomas Lord Fairefax Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Conyers Darcey Esq* Sir Francis Worthley Sir George Savill Sir Thomas Osborne Baronets Sir Richard Maleverer Sir John Goodrick Knights and Baronets Sir John Reasby Sir John Key Sir Francis Bland Sir John Armatage Sir William Ingleby Sir William Rokeby Sir Solomon Swale Sir Godfrey Copley Sir George Wynn Sir John Jackson Sir Thomas

6 A

r58

15° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 166S.

Slingsby Sir George Cooke Sir Thomas Yarborough Baronets Sir John Lewis Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Wharton Sir Francis Fane junior Knights of the Bath Sir Richard Tanckred Sir Jordan Crosland Sir Thomas Wentworth Sir John Dawney Sir Miles Stapleton Sir Edmond Jennings Sir Thomas Widrington Sir William Lowther Sir Francis Goodrick Sir William Ingram Sir Christopher Clapham Sir Ralph Knight Knights Walter Hawkesworth Robert Wivel Thomas Danby Francis Nevill Esquiers Thomas Burwell Doctor of Lawes Thomas Stringer John Vincent John Rickard Welbury Norton Richard Hutton Henry Arthington John Beibbie Walter Strickland William Markington Francis Rockley Richard Mounteny Walter Calverley Henry Atkinson Charles Tanckred Ambrose Pudsey William Stockdale William Hammond William Drake Edward Parker of Bowson Inglebert Leeds Cuthbert Wade James Moseley John Stanhop Nicholas Stable Robert [Branding1] Roger Portington John Thornhill William Wombell Francis White Esquiers Michael Fawkes Jonathan Jennings Henry Redshaw John Preston William Witham Henry Tompson John Doddesworth Benjamin Wade James Moseley Gentlemen, The Maior of Rippon for the time being The Maior of Doncaster for the time being The Maior of Pontefradb for the time being, and The Maior of Leeds for the time being.

For the North Rideing of the County of Yorke

Sir Thomas Gower Knight and Baronet High Sheriffe of the County Charles Lord St John Robert Lord Bruce Conyers Darcy [Charles*] Darcy James Darcy Esquiers Sir Christopher Wivell Sir William Chomley Baronets Sir John Goodrick Knight and Baronet Sir John Hotham Sir Metcalfe Robinson Sir Solomon Swale Sir Henry Stapleton Sir David Fowles Sir John Lowther Sir Roger Langley Sir William Caley Sir Christopher [WindefordJ] Sir George Marwood Sir Richard Graham Sir William Franckland Baronets Sir Robert Strickland Sir Richard Tanckred Sir Jordan Crosland Sir William Dalton Sir James Pennyman Sir Thomas Ingram Sir Henry Cholmley Sir Thomas Heblethwaite Sir Henry Franckland Sir Joseph Craddocke Knights Henry Chater Edward Gower James Medcalfe William Wedle Walter Strickland Mathew Hutton Thomas Danby John Turner John Beverley Humphry Wharton Charles Bellassis Reynold Graham Major Norton William Fielding William Robinson Robert Layton Roger Talbot Edward Croft Charles Tankard Robert Belt John Calverley Timothy Malevorer John Dodsworth William Tompson William Wickham Edward Trotter Anthony Lowther Thomas Norton Roger Colvel William Medcalfe Henry Blackstone Walter Lister John Gibson Thomas Worsley Esquiers Major Edward Gower Major William Gower James Moore Francis Driffield Thomas Langdale John Smith Christopher Keld Henry Crosland Lampley William Trueman Gentlemen,

The Alderman of Richmond for the time being, and the Bayliffes of Scarborough for the time being.

For the East Rideing of the County of Yorke

Sir John Hotham Sir Francis Boynton Sir Watkinson Paler Sir Robert Hilliard Sir Thomas Rudston Sir Hugh Bethel Sir John Leadyard Baronets Sir Thomas Northcliffe Sir Philip Monckton Sir Mathew Appleyard Sir Francis Kobb Sir Thomas Remington Sir Thomas Heblethwait Knights Tobias Jenkins Stephen Tompson Michaell Warton Thomas Grantham Durand Hotham Hugh Lister John Constable John Lister Henry Holmes Christopher Hilyard Walter Bethell George Mountague John Vavasour John Headlum William Osbaldston William Grimston Robert Sotheby Thomas Crumpton Samford Nevill William Gee Richard Ledgeard Tobias Hodgson Richard Tompson Henry Hilyard Francis Wright Edward Barnard Thomas Hesket Gregory C.reyke William Harpham Thomas Anlaby Alexander Rookesby Esquiers Thomas Swan Leonard Robinson William Blunt Lewis Lewins Edward Gray junior William Dobson William Thompson Gentlemen, The Maior of Hedon for the time being, and The Maior of Beverley for the time being.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke.

The Lord Maior for the time being Thomas Lord Fairefax Sir Medcalfe Robinson Sir Thomas Slingsby Baronets Sir John Goodrick Knight and Baronet Sir Miles Stapleton Knight John Scot Esq^ James Brooke Christopher Topham George Lamplough George Mancklins Edward Elwick Cressey Burnet Henry Tyreman Christopher Breary John Tayler John Kilvington James Bawtrey Richard Hewet Aldermen Tobias Jenkins Thomas Robinson Lewis Darcy William Fairefax Henry Fairefax Richard Hutton Thomas Hesketh James Moysyer, Esqrs George Aslaby Gentleman Mr William Richardson Mr Richard Rawlinson Mr Francis Brice Mr John Loftus Mr Philip Herbert Mr John Thompson Mr Francis Chadderton Mr George Mangie and Mr James Moseley Citizens.

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull.

The Maior for the time being Richard Wilson William Dobson Robert Ripley William Maister Robert Berier William Foxley William Ramsden Christopher Richardson George Crowle Richard Robinson Robert Bloome and William Skinner Aldermen.

For the County of Essex

Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the House of Comons Charles Lord Rich Sir Harbotle Grimston Master of the Rolls Edward Russell Banestree Mainard Esquiers Sir John Barington Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Appleton Sir William Ayloffe Sir William Hicks Sir Thomas Nightingale Sir William Wiseman of Canfeild Sir Andrew [Gennour4] Sir Richard Everard Baronets Sir Capell Luckin Knight and Baronet Sir Martin Lumley Baronet Sheriffe of the County Sir Samuell Tryan Sir Henry Wright Sir Thomas Smith Sir Thomas Cambell Baronets Sir Thomas Abdy Sir Robert Abdy Sir William Wiseman of Rivenhall Knights and Baronets Sir James Altham Sir John Brampstone Knights of

1 Brandling 0.

u Henry 0.

J Wandsford 0.

4 Jennour 0.

A.D. 166S.

15° Car. II. c. 9.

459

the Bath Sir Humphrey Mildmay Sir John Tyrell Sir Richard Wiseman Sir Gobert Barington Sir Richard Everard Sir Anthony Browne Sir Thomas Bowes Sir Thomas Fanshaw Sir Henry Wroth Sir Edmond Pierce Sir Thomas Gardner Sir Henry Clarke Sir Robert Brookes Sir Mundeford Brampstone Sir John Shaw Sir Cranmer Herns Sir William Batten Knights John Archer Sergeant at Law John Bendish Charles Fitch George Scot Gamaliel Capel Richard Samms Charles Mainard Thomas St George Anthony Luther Thomas Meade Robert Clarke Peter [Soame'] Anthony Maxie Thomas Argali James Milbume Tristram Conyers Henry Peert John Eldred senior Oliver Reymond Salter Herris John Godbold Robert Joselin John Eldred junior Thomas Midleton William Wright of Stanstead Mount Fitchet William Glascock of Farmham Thomas Luther Thomas Roberts John James Richard Cooper John Turner John Atwood John Joselin Giles Dent John Tyrell Stephen Smith William Appleton James Silverlock Henry Ayloffe John Simons John Berners Henry Woolleston Robert Mildmay of Tarring Thomas Bland Henry Wight Edward Glascocke William Holecroft Edward Shelton Thomas Manby and Thomas Lucy Esquiers.

For the Towne of Colchester

The Maior of Colchester for the time being Sir John Shaw Knight Recorder John Eldred junior Esq* Thomas Reynolds (*) Andrew Fromantell Henry Lambe John Brasier Aldermen Thomas Talcot Esq* Edmond Thurston and George Sandford Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Malden

Rubin Robinson John Hart Bayliffes Francis Brampstone Esq* Recorder Plumbe Francis Gurney and

James Sterling Aldermen.

For the Towne of Harwich

The Maior for the rime being Thomas King Gentleman John Eldred junior Recorder Daniel Smith Arthur Hawkes Thomas Keyes Aldermen.

For the Liberty of Havering

Robert Cheeke Carew Harvey alias Mildmay Francis Brampstone Esquires John Thorowgood and Thomas Legatt Gentlemen.

For the County of Gloucester

Henry Lord Herbert James Earle of Newburgh John Viscount Tracy Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath Sir Baynham Throckmorton Sir Henry Fredericke Thynne Sir Richard Ashfeild Sir Edward Batthurst Sir John Howe Sir William Ducy Sir William Kite Sir Richard Cox Sir Francis Henry Lea Baronets Sir Robert Pointz Sir Robert Atkins Knights of the Bath Sir William Catchmay Sir Nicholas Throckmorton Sir Baynham Throckmorton Knights Sir Christopher Gyse Baronet Sir William Morton Knight one of His Ma:tW* Sergeants at Law Sir John Fetriplace Sir Gabrieli Low Sir Edward Fusse Sir Thomas Howe Sir Thomas Stephens Sir Humphrey Hooke Sir Edmond Wray Sir John Seymour Sir Thomas Overbury Sir John Newton Knights George Mountague John Grubham Howe William Dutton William Berkley William Coope Philip Shepherd Henry Sims Richard Atkins Thomas Chester John Smith Thomas Maisters Thomas Seamour Thomas Escourt Henry Poole William Bourchier John Chamberlin John Winter William Try John Cotherington William Straford William Cope Robert Oldesworth John George Richard Dowdeswell Duncombe Colchester William Leigh Francis Norwood Richard Baugh John Stephens John Barum Henry Guyse Richard Daston Esquiers Evan Seyes Sergeant at Law Richard Stephens Edward Rich Silvanus Wood Thomas Horton Fleetwood Dormer Richard Whitmore Samuel Cothrington Rutter Esquiers Thomas

Trye William Batson Henry Browne Conway Whitterne Edward Chamberlin Thomas Ayleway Gentlemen and The Bayliffes of Tewksbury for the time being.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester.

William Russell the present Maior and the Maior of the said Citty for the time being James Earle of Newburgh Sir William Morton Knight one of His Majestyes Sergeants at Law Recorder of the said Citty Sir Edward Massey Knight Evan Seyes Sergeant at Law Robert Fielding DoSor of Phisicke Henry Cugley James Stephens Aldermen Thomas Williams Esq* John Powell Thomas Tates [Thomas Price3] John Woodward Anthony Arnold Henry Ockold John Wagstaffe and Henry Fowler Aldermen.

For the County of Huntington

Lord Mandevill George Mountague John Barnard Richard Elmes Esquiers Sir Francis Compton Knight Sir John Cotton Sir John Hewet Baronets Sir Robert Bernard Knight and Baronet Robert Appreece John Ferrer Henry Williams Nicholas Pedley Lyonell Walden Robert Payne John Heron and Richard Nayler Esquiers

For the Towne of Huntington

Lord Mandeville Sir John Cotton Baronet Henry Williams Lyonel Walden Lawrence Thockington Esquiers The Maior for the time being Richard Weaver Thomas Ashton Thomas Judson and James Faireside Gentleman.

460

15° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1663-

For the County of Hertford

Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the House of Commons Thomas Lord Fanshaw Sir Thomas Fanshaw Knight of the Honourable Order of the Bath William Willoughby William Cecill Algemoone Cecil Esquiers Sir Thomas Leventhorpe Bart Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet Master of the Rolls Sir Heneage Fetherstone Sir Brocket Spencer Sir Erasmus [Harvey *] Baronets Sir Richard Atkins Sir Richard Francklin Knights and Baronets Sir Philip Boteler Sir Ralph Baesh Knights of the Bath Sir Edward Atkins one of the Barons of His Majestyes Court of Exchequer Edward Gardner Edward Cason James Willimot Richard Goulston Thomas Dacres Arthur Pulter George Nedham Thomas Coppin Ralph Gore Henry Beecher Thomas Stanley Thomas Dockwray John Heyden Robert Austin William Hale Arthur Sparkes John Fortherley Marmaduke Royden John Jesson Edward Atkins Esquiers Sir Thomas Dacres Sir Henry Cesar Sir Rowland Litton Sir John Gore Sir Harry Conisby Sir John Watts Sir Francis Boteler Sir Henry Blunt Sir Humphrey Gore Sir John Hale Sir William Glascock Knights Ralph Freeman junior Richard Jennings Edmond Feild Edmond Smith Robert Sadler Edward Briscoe William Minoes Richard Gamon Esquiers Thomas Arris Dean Doctors of Phisicke Henry Chauncey Ralph Freeman senior Esquiers George

Bramley John Ellis Gentlemen Humphrey Shalcrosse senior Shalcrosse Gentlemen, and The Maior of Hertford

for the time being.

For the Burrough of St. Albanes

Algemoone Cecill Esq> Sir Harbotle Grimston [Baronet*] Master of the Rolls Sir Harry Conisby Sir Richard Comes Knights, The Maior of the Towne for the time being John Simpson EsqN Recorder Edmond Smith Thomas Dockwray Robert Sadler Richard Jennings William Cotton Esqss Edward Haynes Thomas Cowley [junior *] William Marston Gentlemen Thomas Arris Doctor of Phisicke Thomas Oxton John Briscoe Charles Chamberlaine Edward Fames and John Jesson Gentlemen.

For the County of Hereford

John Lord Viscount Scudamore James Scudamore Walter Brabason Esquiers Sir John Scudamore Sir Edward Harley Knights of the Bath Sir James Bridges Sir John Kirle Sir William Powell Baronets Sir Edward Hopkins Sir Thomas Tomkins Sir Herbert Perrot Knights Sir Job Charleton Knight Sergeant at Law and Cheife Justice of Chester Roger Vaughan Thomas Whitney John Price Fitz-William Coningsby John Scudamore senior Thomas Price Herbert Aubrey senior Thomas Harley Herbert Westfailing Humphrey Cornwall John Scudamore junior John Bamaby of Cannon-pion James Pitts John Birch Francis Unitt Richard Hopton Thomas Cocks John Hanford High Sheriffe John Booth of Hereford Thomas Cornwall Herbert Awbrey junior John Vaughan John Skipp William Dansey Thomas Rodd Richard Rodd Humphrey Baskervill of Pentreloes Edward Cornwell Thomas Wigmore Rudhale Guyllim Bennet Hoskins William Lambe Nicholas Walwin Timothy Colies John Vaughan of Hergast William Gregory Edmond Greene Esquiers Edward Aldeme Doctor of Law Thomas Geers Humphrey Tayler of Withrington Herbert Maisters William Whittington John Booth of Breynton John Gwillim of Wellingson John Karvars of Upton Edward Rodd Gentlemen And the Bayliffe of Leominster for the time being

For the Citty of Hereford

The Maior for the time being John Lord Viscount Scudamore High Steward Roger Vaughan Herbert Westfailing Pridstock Harford junior Thomas Price Esquiers Richard Philpots William Gregory William Philips James Lawrence Aldermen Robert Symonds Nicholas Philpots Thomas Paynard and Jerome Addis Gentlemen.

For the County of Kent

Sir Thomas [Peyston5] Sir Roger Twisden Sir Edward Hale Sir Edward Monnis Sir John Sidley Sir Edward Deereing Sir John Rivers Sir Thomas Stile Sir Oliver Boteler Sir Norton Knatchbull Sir John Tufton Sir Richard Hardresse Sir Robert Austin Baronets Sir William Wilde Baronet one of His Majesties Sergeants at Law Sir Theophilus Biddolph Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir William Meredeth Baronets Sir George Sands Knight of the Bath Sir Stephen Leonard Sir Phillip Warwicke Sir John Darell Sir Edward Filmer Sir Anthony Aucher Sir Francis Clarke Sir William Swan Sir William Hugeson Sir William Boreman Sir John Marsham Sir John Maynee Sir Richard Sandys Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir John Shaw Sir Edward Maisters Knights Sir Thomas Twisden one of the Justices of His Majestyes Court of Kings Bench Nicholas Toke High Sheriffe John Heath Attoumey of the Dutchy Robert Bamham John Knatchbull John Boyes of Fretchvill George Newman James Brockman Thomas Lambert George Pollhill Thomas Culpeper of Bedgebury Francis Lovelace Recorder of Canterbury Edward Finch Richard Amhurst Richard Allen Recorder of Rochester Thomas Flood Maurice Diggs William Cage Thomas Harlakenden Philip [Parker4] Anthony Fowle Henry Gilbume Richard Hulse John Horsemanden Edward Hales Edmond Tooke Samuell Boys William Dike Thomas Hardresse George Boreman Thomas Peeke John Scott of Langley and Stephen Alcock senior Esquiers.

For the Citty and County of Canterbury

The Maior for the time being Sir William Man Sir Edward Maister Knights Francis Lovelace Esquire Recorder of the said Citty Thomas Hardresse John [West3] Esquiers William Stanley and Henry Twiman Aldermen.

1 Hamby 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

3 Peyton O. « Packer O. * Best 0.

A.D. 1663.

15° Car. II. c.

461

For the Citty of Rochester

The Maior of Rochester for the time being Sir Francis Clarke Knight Richard Allen Esq^ Recorder George Newman Fardinando Marsham Stephen Alcock senior Esquiers Richard Head and Robert Fowler Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Maidstone The Maior for the time being.

For Gravesend and Milton The Maior for the time being.

For Quinborough The Maior for the time being

For the parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincolne.

George Viscount Castleton Robert Lord Willoughby of Earsby William Willoughby Esqs Sir Philip Tyrwhitt Sir Robert Bowles Sir William Hickman Sir William Wray Sir Edward Barkham Sir John Anderson Sir George Wynne Baronets Sir John Mounson Knight of the Bath and [Baronets'] Sir Adrian Scroope Knight of the Bath Sir Martin Lister Sir Charles Dallison Sir Edward Rosseter Sir Edward Ascough Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Francis Goodrick Knights Sir John Mounson the younger Michaell Warton Philip Tyrwitt Charles Pelham junior William Oldfeild Jervas Holies Marmaduke Dorrell William Broxholme Charles Pelham senior William Fitzwilliams Edward Turney William Marwood George Heley Anthony Weberley James Moseley Cecill Tyrwhitt William Bard William Anderson John Boles (*) Esquiers and the Maior of Grimsby for the time being.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne.

Mr. Robert Rosse Maior of the said Citty Sir Robert Bolle Baronet Sir Thomas Meeres Knight John Bolle Esqs William Bishop Edward Blow Richard Wethereil Henry Morley Richard Kyte John Kent Aldermen Mr Wilson of Sheepwash Mr Robinson of Bramston and Mr John Johnson.

For the Parts of Holland

Sir Anthony Oldfeild Baronet Sir Henry Heron Knight of the Bath Sir Anthony Irby Knight Thomas Browne Thomas Hall Mathew Woolmer Anthony Oldfeild John Empson Thomas Thory John Jay John Lockton Henry Burrell Esquiers Joseph Whiteing Daniell Rhodes Samuell Jackson Anthony Hall Charles Rushworth Gentlemen and the Maior of Boston for the time being.

For the Parts of Kestaven

Sir William Thorold Knight and Baronet William Mountague Esqs the Queenes Majestyes Attoumey Generali Sir Thomas Hussey Sir Michaell Armine Sir John Brownelowe Sir Robert Markham Sir Thomas Williamson Sir William Trollop Sir John Newton Sir Charles Hussey Sir Richard Rothwell Baronets Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir John Walpoole Knight George Sherard Richard Brownlow Anthony Thorold Lewis Palmer Erasmus Deligne Christopher Nevill Charles Dymocke John White William Savill John Hatcher Henry Hall Redmaine Burrell John Saunders Charles Baudes William Blith William Welby Edward King Henry Stone William Revit Adam Claypoole Thomas Willoughby Stephen Rothwell Edward Skipwith William Stafford Francis Wingfeild Thomas Skipwith Anthony Tredway And the Aldermen of Grantham and Stamford for the time being.

For the County of Leicester

Thomas Armstone Esqv High Sheriffe John Lord Roos Thomas Lord Beaumont Viscount Swords Bennet Lord Sherrard John Gray Esqs Sir George Villiers Sir Thomas Halford Sir John Bale Sir Wollaston Dixie Sir Thomas Smith Sir John Prettyman Sir Vemey Noell Sir Henry Hudson Baronets Sir William Hartoppe Knight George Fawnt Henry Nevill Thomas Merry William Halford Mathew Babington William Skeffington Richard Lister William Boothby William Whaley Richard Vemey Richard Brudenall William Streete William Allicock Walter Rudeing William Cole Roger Roe William Roberts Samuell Jervis Richard Orton Richard Halford Thomas Bradgate Richard Bradgate of Litle Peatlin William Belgrave John Mitton George Ashby Thomas Staveley John Danvers John Chamberlaine John Nedham William Quarles John Hacket John Cave Thomas Hood John Morton William Bent William Watts John Barwell Wiseman neere Loughborrough Wilson John Nedham

Francis Chamberlaine William Leeke William Gilbert and Henry Gibbon Esquiers.

For the Burrough of Leicester

Daniell Deacon [Maker5] Rudeings Henry Hungate Robert Tyrringham Richard Mason Robert Harding Esquires Thomas Overing Thomas Browne George Reasons William Major John Clarke William Stubbins and Darnell Coates Gentlemen.

For the County Palatine of Lancaster

Charles Earle of Ancram Richard Lord Gorge Edward Stanley William Stanley William Spencer Esquires Sir Robert [Bindles4] Sir George Midleton Sir Ralph Ashton of Midleton Sir Edward Moseley Baronets Sir Gilbert Ireland Sir Roger Bradsheigh Sir Henry Slater Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley and Sir John Harrison Knights John Heath 1

1 Bar* 0. ,J John Bolles 0. 5 Mayor, Walter 0. 4 Binlos 0.

6 B

462

15° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1663.

Esqs Attoumey of the Dutchy of Lancaster Robert Holt Thomas Greenhalth Lawrence Rawstone Richard Kirkby Thomas Norris John Molineux Nicholas Moseley Richard Fleetwood of Roshall Ambrose Pudsey Richard Legh Edward Rigby Leonard Egerton Esqs Jeoffrey Rishton Doctor in Phisicke William Farrington Thomas Preston John Girlington Thomas Cams Roger Nowell Edward Fleetwood Thomas Bradell John Lightboune John Entwiale Henry Banister Hugh Dickenson Alexander Rigby of Layton Robert Rawlinson Mathew Richardson Alexander Osbaldeston Nicholas Towneley of Royle John Parker of Extwisle William Radley Thomas Ashton William Bankes junior John Birch Esquiers Thomas Hawarden Nicholas Fasakerley Gentlemen The Maior of the Towne of Lancaster for the time being, and the Maior of the Towne of Preston for the time being.

For the Burrough of Wigan The Maior for the time being and Richard Penington Esquire Recorder*

For the Burrough of Liverpoole

The Maior for the Time being.

For the Burrough of Clitherowe The In-Baylifie for the time being

For the County of Midlesex

Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons Edward Russell George Mountague Christopher Hatton James Sheffeild Thomas Coventry Esquiers Sir Henry Bennet Principall Secretary of State John Ashbumham Esqs one of His Majestyes Bedchamber Edward Progers Esq^ one of His Majestyes Bedchamber Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet and Master of the Rolls Sir Heneage Finch Baronet His Majestyes Sollicker Generali Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Thomas Fisher Sir Henry Wood Sir Thomas Adams Sir John Robinson Sir Richard Browne Sir Richard Francklin Sir Joseph Ash Sir Reginald Forster Sir William Roberts Baronets Sir John Brampston Sir Robert Atkins Sir John Nicholas Sir John Bennet Knights of the Bath Sir Christopher Abdy Sir

Henry Herbert Sir Thomas Allen Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Thomas Rowe Sir William Bateman Sir Lancelot Lake

Sir Henry Wroth Sir Thomas Ingram Sir Francis Gerrard Sir Thomas Clergies Sir Thomas Player junior Sir Thomas Byde Sir William Ryder Sir Clifford Clifton Sir Gilbert Gerard Knights Sir Thomas Trevor Baronet Sir

Thomas Ingram Sir Philip Warwicke Knights Sir Jeremy Whitchcot Baronet John Heath Esqs Attoumey of the

Dutchy John Trever Charles Cornwallis Humphry Weld William Ashbumham Francis Crawley George Pitt John Carey Thomas Allen Thomas Lake Henry Barker John Browne Edwin Rich Francis Bloomer Joseph Ayliffe Thomas Bales Thomas Swallow Richard Peacock Charles Cheney Francis Phillips William Hill George Day George Marsh Nicholas Bacon John Page Christopher Eyres Thomas Lucy William Meggs Thomas Collett Ralph Hawtry Henry Murrey William Waters John Hawtry Thomas Povey Richard Dunton James Hawley Erasmus Moyse Charles Pitfield Thomas Harrison Thomas Wharton Michaell Holman John Smith William Gouldesborough Richard Abell John Wilford Giles Hungerford John Jones Samuell Reeve John Wandeford Richard Cheney Richard Proctor and James Norfolke Esqs.

[For the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster

Sir Thomas Trevor Baronet Sir Thomas Ingram Sir Philip Warwicke Sir Gilbert Gerrard junior Knights John Heath Attoumey of the Dutchy John Trevor Esqs. ']

For the Citty of Westminster

Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the House of Commons Sir William Morrice Knight Sir Henry Bennet Knight Principall Secretaryes of State Thomas Elliot Esq, one of His Majestyes Bedchamber Sir William Playter Sir John Rous Baronets Sir Edmond Pye Knight and Baronet Sir John Nicholas Sir John Denham Knights of the Bath Sir Lancelot Lake Sir Henry Herbert Knights George Mountague Daniell Oneale Esquiers Sir Philip Warwicke Sir Richard Everard Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Edward Philmer Sir Thomas Ingram Sir John Talbot Sir Charles Cotterell Sir Edward Ford Sir Thomas Higgons Sir Robert Pye Sir Edward Broughton Sir Hugh Cartwright Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Clement Fisher Sir William Poultney Sir John [Baker*] Sir John Birkenhead Sir Charles Harboard Sir Robert Long Sir Edmond Pye and Sir William Armorer Knights John Harvey John Trevor Charles Whitaker Reighnall Graham Thomas Povey Esquiers Edward Greaves Doctor of Phisicke Phisition in Ordinary to His Majestie Thomas Coppin William Glascocke Bullen Reymes Edmond-Bury Godfrey [Thomas5 ] Lucie Thomas Morris Robert Philmer Maurice Kingwell Ralph Halsell Thomas Russell John Browne Richard Atkins William Dallen Thomas Bates William Leg William Hardopp Thomas Windham Edmond Warcupp Stephen Fox Esquiers William [Waterman4] Phisition in Ordinary to His Majestie Richard Mason Henry Peeke George Farewell James Norfolke Esquiers James Maisters Doctor of the Civill Law William Hoare Doctor of Phisicke The two High Burgesses of Westminster for the time being Humphry Wortly Bryan Baraaby Francis Dorrington William Gape Walter Lapp and John Throckmorton Gentlemen. 1

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 1 Baber 0.

3 Francis 0. 4 Quatremain O.

A.D. 1663.

15° Car. II. c. 9.

463

For the Citty of London

Sir John Robinson Knight and Baronet Lord Maior and the Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Adams Sir Richard Browne Sir Thomas Allen Knights and Baronets Sir John Fredericke Knight and Richard Cheverton Aldermen Sir William Wilde Knight and Baronet one of His Majestyes Sergeants at Law and Recorder of the said Citty Sir Abraham Cullen Baronet Sir William Tompson Sir John Lawrence Sir Anthony Bateman Sir Thomas Chamberlaine Sir George Binion Sir Theophilus Biddolph Sir George Smith Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir William Turner and Sir Andrew King Sir Richard Ford Knights Sir William Wale Sir William Bateman Knights John Jones Esq* Francis Meynell John Saunders William Bolton Aldermen George Noeds Deputy Alderman Thomas Gore Henry Dunster John Jolliffe Thomas Turgis Robert Lant Edward Clagget Thomas Bromfeild Esquiers Richard Mills Esq* Treasurer of St Bartholimewes Hospitall Robert Bidolph Nicholas Penning Benjamine Albin Richard Spencer Edward Arris Thomas Canham Esquiers.

For the County of Monmouth

Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland William Lord Herbert of Cardiffe Sir Edward Morgan Sir Trever Williams Sir Thomas Morgan Baronets Sir George Probert Sir Bainham Throckmorton Knights Thomas Morgan of Tredegar William Morgan of the same William Jones of Treowen Edward Progers Charles Proger-Herbert Henry Baker Edmond Morgan Harry Probarts Thomas Lewis of St Peere William Morgan of Pencreeke Thomas Hughes Thomas Morgan of Penrose Charles Hughes Charles Van of Coldrey William Herbert William Jones Lewis Morgan Henry Morgan of Penlloyn-search Roger Oates Edward Kemys of Bertholey Roger Williams Henry Chambers Philip Cecill George Gwyn John Parry James Prichard of Campson Thomas Williams of Carlion Walter Morgan of Landilo Walter Rumsey John Walter Esquiers George Morgan of Pulhead Christopher Perkins John Rumsey William Williams Roger Aldy Gentlemen and the Maior of the Towne of Monmouth for the time being.

For the County of Northampton

Robert Viscount Mandevill Obrian Viscount Cullen Charles Lord [de le1] Spencer George Mountague Edward Mountague Christopher Hatton Esquiers Sir Thomas Crew Robert Spencer Esqs Sir Jeoffrey Palmer His Majestyes Attoumey Generali William Mountague Esquire the Queenes Attoumey Generali Sir Justinian Isham Sir Thomas Cave Sir Samuell Danvers Sir Roger Norris Sir William Dudley Sir George Boswell Baronets Sir Edward Griffin Sir William Fleetwood Sir Samuell Jones Sir John Bernard of Abingdon Sir James Langham Knights Sir Richard Rainsford Knight Sergeant at Law Lewis Palmer William Stafford George Clarke Humphrey Orme Francis Lane Maurice Tresham Ferdinando Marsham George Tresham Philip Holman John Cartwright William Coe William Bugby William Tate Charles Proger Herbert William Downhall Richard Kinsman Miles Fleetwood Edward Onely John Syers William Washbome Edward Palmer Edmond Sawyer Robert Clarke Thomas Cole George Wake John Browne Henry Edmonds William Haslewood Robert Pergiter junior Bryan [Johnson2] Christopher Pickering Tanfeild Mulsho Francis Crane Edward Harby junior Walter Kirkham John Ward Richard Nailer Thomas Roan Alexander Ekins Christopher Thursby John Lynne Francis Kirkham Goddard Pemberton John Ekins John Delavall Henry Robinson of Caster Esquiers William Langham Thomas Wright Doctors in Phisicke And the Maior of Higham Ferrers for the time being.

For the Towne of Northampton

The Maior for the time being Thomas Thornton Edward Collis Jonathan Whiston Aldermen Salathieil Lovell James Coles Esquiers Mr William Kimbole Mr John Bromfeild and Mr William Vaughan.

For the County of Nottingham

Henry Lord Mansfeild Gilbert Lord Haughton Anchetill Gray Esqs William Pierrepoint Esq* Partricius Lord Chaworth Sir Jervis Clifton Knight and Baronet Sir George Savill Sir William Hickman Baronets Arthur Stanhop William Byron Esquiers Sir Clifford Clifton Knight Sir Thomas Williamson Sir William Willoughby Sir Francis Mullenaux Baronets Sir John Digby Knight Anthony Eyre Francis Leeke Robert Pierrepoint William Stanhop John Grubham How William Palmer Cecill Cooper Isham Perkins William Harboard Anthony Gilby Francis Sandis Francis Stringer Penniston Whalley William Sacheverell Thomas Wowen Thomas Charlton James Moseley William Clarkson William Cartwright Acton Burnell William Sandys Rowland Dan William Willoughby and Thomas Roffell Esquiers.

For the Towne of Nottingham

The Maior for the time being Arthur Stanhop Esq* Sir Jervas Cliffton Knight and Baronet Robert Pierrepoint Esq* Sir Clifford Clifton Knight Charles Hutchinson Anthony Eyre William [Sheffington3] Esquiers George Gregory Samuell Staples John Parker Gentlemen Francis Toplady John Toplady William Greaves and Ralph Edge Aldermen.

For the Towne of Newarke upon Trent

The Maior for the time Anthony Eyre Francis Leake Edward Bigland Es s Rcert Atkinson Christopher Hassome Leviret Jennison and Richard Mason Gentlemen.

• Le de 0.

* Jan son 0.

4 Skeffington 0.

15° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1663.

For the County of Norfolke

Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the House of Commons Thomas Lord Richardson Sir John Tracy Knight Sir Edmond Bacon Sir John Hobard Sir [William1] Woodhouse Sir Charles Mordant Sir Richard Bemey Sir Henry Jemegan Sir Edward Barkham Sir Nicholas L’Strange Sir John Holland Sir Robert Paston Sir Ralph Hare Sir John Potts Sir John Palgrave Sir Thomas Pettus Sir Robert Kempe Sir Francis Bickley Sir Jacob Ashley Sir Thomas Deerham Sir William Gaudy Baronets Sir Miles Hobart Sir John Knivett Sir Christopher Calthrope Sir Edward Walpoole Knights of the Bath Sir Charles Harbord Sir William Doyley Sir Thomas Guybon Sir William Hovell Sir Allen Apsley Sir Thomas Rant Sir Joseph Payne Sir Thomas Meddows Sir William Hewet Sir Justinian Lewin Sir Nevil Catlin Knights Erasmus Earle Sergeant at Law John Cooke James de Gray John Hobart Robert Gawsell William Adams Thomas Le Grosse John Windham Edward Barkham Augustine Palgrave John Potts Thomas Holland William Doyley Maurice Skelton William Guybon Roger Spelman Philip Harbord Peter Gleane' Thomas Gawdy of Claxton Thomas Barney William Crane Robert Yallop Anthony Freeston Leonard Mapps William Cooke senior William Cooke junior Robert Sucklin William Barker Thomas Adams Edward Pepis Oliver Neave Phillip Beddingfeild Francis Bacon Thomas Bacon L’Strange Calthorpe Robert Long Robert Baldock Robert Steward John Earle Francis Cory Christopher Jay Sucklin Jay Thomas Cory Robert Haughton John Kendall John Repps Robert Kerrington Henry Repps Lawrence Oxburgh Richard Godfrey John Anguish William Brampton William Branthwaite Nicholas Rockewood Edward Barber Nicholas Stileman Thomas Talbot Jacob Preston Anthony Drury John Flowerdew Robert Drury Thomas Drury Charles Gawdy Bassingbome Gaudy William Davy James Long Nathaniell Knivet William Rant Edmond Brittiffe Charles [Stotterton1] Edward Denny Edward Chamberlin William Nickson Robert London JohnBaspoole John Biadwell William Bladwell Simon Brittiffe Thomas Wright^.George Townesend Thomas Townesend Edmond de Gray Robert Haughton Francis Butler Thomas Dye Humphrey Beddingfeild Francis Thoresby Samuell Smith Samuell Harsenet Robert Coney Leonard Gooch Thomas Browne of Elsmy Robert Doughty of Hamworth Robert Tyrell of Wilton Esquiers.

For the Towne of Thetford

The Maior for the time being Sir William Gaudy Baronet Sir Allen Apsley Knight Maurice Shelton Esq* Bourage Martin Osmond Clarke Robert Tirrell John Kendall Gentlemen.

For the Citty of Norwich

The Maior for the time being Sir Joseph Paine Knight Francis Cory Recorder William Watts Steward Richard Wenman John Rawling Bernard Chruch John Man John Salter Christopher Jay John Osborne John Croshold Esquiers The two Sheriffes for the time being William Heyward Augustine Briggs Thomas Wisse Robert Bendish John Lawrence Richard Cowldham Francis Norris James Long Henry Herne William Tooke Henry Woods Henry Watts junior John Man see Mathew Markon Aldermen.

For the Towne of Lynne Regis

The Maior for the time being Robert Steward Esq* John Bird Esq* Thomas Greene John Basse Benjamine Holly Walter Kirby William Wharton Thomas Robinson Lawrence Withers Henry Bell Goodwin

Abbot Mathias Twelves Aldermen.

For the Towne of Yarmouth

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir Thomas Meadow Robert Baldocke Esq* Recorder Arthur Bacon Thomas Gouch Abraham Castle John Rowe John Woodruffe Nathaniell Ashby George England Richard Huntington Edmond Thaxter Thomas Greenwood John Hall Thomas Puppett Thomas Greenwood William Bateman.

For the County of Northumberland

Henry Lord Viscount Mansfeild Sir William Fenwicke of Wellington Baronet Edward Widrington of Felton Esq* Sir Ralph Delavall of Seaton Delavall Sir Cuthbert Heron of Chipchase Baronets Sir Thomas Widdrington Sir Robert Collingwood of Brampton Sir William Foster of Bambrough Sir Henry Widdrington of Backhadin Knights Robert Delivall of Dissington Thomas Forster of Edderston James Ogle of Cawsey Parke William Strother of Grimden Rigg William Widdrington of Bolton John Roddan of Litle Haughton William Fenwick of Bywell Ralph Hebome of Hebome William Delavall of Bewick Thomas Lawren of Kirdeherle Ralph Jennison of Elswicke Robert Widdrington of Auxley John Ridley of Willemonswike Ralph Gray of Bradford William Carr of Eshott Nicholas Whitehead of Burston John Salkeild senior of Rocke Esquiers Michaell Widdrington of Morpeth Gentleman The Bayliffes of the Burrough of Morpeth for the time being Daniel Collingwood Esq*.

For the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne

The Maior of the said Towne for the time being Sir Francis Anderson Knight the present Maior Sir John [Morley3] Knight Sir James Clavering Baronet Robert Shaftoe Esq* Recorder Robert Shaftoe Marke Milbankes John Emerson Henry Maddison Aldermen Henry Brabent Sheriffe Richard Scot Esquiers Mr Robert Marbay Towne Clarke Mr Ralph Carr Sir Nicholas Cole Baronet.

’ Phillip 0.

* Sotterton 0.

* Marlay 0.

15° Car. II. c.9.

405

For the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede

’The Maior for the time being Andrew Moore Esq^ the present Maior Sir Thomas Widdrington Knight Coll Edward Gray Sir William Forster Knight Benjamine Clarke Ralph Hebbume Esqs Thomas Watson Alderman, The Bayliffes for the time being.

For the County of Oxford

Henry Viscount Combury Thomas Earle of Down Thomas Viscount [Wainman'] David Walter Esq* one of the Groomes of His Majesties Bedchamber Sir Anthony Cope Sir Thomas Chamberline Sir Francis Henry Lea Sir Thomas Penniston Sir William Walter Baronets Sir Francis Norris Knight Sir John Clarke Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Norris Knight Sir Francis [ Waynman *] Knight and Baronet Sir John Fettiplace Sir Compton Reade Baronets Sir William Moreton Knight Sergeant at Law Sir Thomas Spencer Baronet Sir William Fleetwood Sir Timothy Tyrrell Sir Thomas Typping Knights William Knollis Broome [Horwood2] Richard Croope Thomas Saunders Anthony Libb Henry AJnut John Stone Francis Martin Edmond Lenthall John Clarke William Dormer Vincent Barrey Esquiers Sir George Crooke Knight Sir William Glyn Sir Philip Harcourt Baronets John Cartwright George Chamberlaine William Cartwright William Sheppeard Thomas Wheate Robert Dormer Rowland Lacey Samuel Sandys junior Litleton Osbaldiston Regnold Bray William Baley Thomas Hoord John Doyley Charles Holloway Sergeant at Law Richard Hallaway William Weight Thomas Coventry John Harris William Tayler John Wickham William Hamersby William Oakeley Esquiers The Maior of Woodstocke The Maior of Banbury The Warden of Henley, The Bayliffes of Chipping Norton and Burford and The Cheife Magistrate of any other Corporation within the said County to ad within their severall and respective QTowne1] and Corporations onely.

For the Citty of Oxford

The Maior for the time being Sir Anthony Cope Baronet William Knollis Esquire Sir Thomas Clayton Sir Sampson White Knights Broome Whorwood Esqs John Fell Do6tor in Divinity Richard Croke Recorder George Low Esquiers Francis Harris Martin Wright Leonard Bowman William Wright Roger Griffin Aldermen William Bayley Francis Heyward John White Francis Grenoway John Townesend John Harris Robert Worwood Richard Pratt Gentlemen.

For the County of Rutland

Bennet Lord Sherrard Edward Noell Henry Noell Philip Sherard Esquiers Sir Edward Heath Sir Richard Wingfeild Sir Eusebius Pelsant Alexander Noell Abell Barker Samuell Browne Edward Palcker Esquiers.

For the County of Surrey

Charles Earle of Ancram Sir Robert Foster Cheife Justice of His Majesties Court of Kings Bench Sir Henry Capell QKnight4] of the Bath Sir Adam Browne Sir Francis Vincent Sir Thomas Trevor Sir Walter St Johns Baronets Sir William Tyrringham Knight of the Bath Sir William Moore Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Abraham Cullen Baronets Sir Richard Onslow Sir Edmond Bowyer Sir Charles Howard Sir John Evelin Sir William Haward Sir Daniell Harvey Sir Robert Parkhurst Sir John Mainard Sir Nicholas Carew Sir Richard Hatton Sir Edward Bish Sir Ralph Freeman Sir Edmond Hoskins Sir John Lloyd Sir William Throckmorton Sir Thomas Thinne Sir Purbecke Temple Knights William Turner Doctor of the Law Robert Phillips Arthur Onslow Edward Thurland Roger James John Scott George Chute Christopher Buckle Thomas Foster Henry Hilliard William Elliot Anthony Bowyer George Evelin Anthony Thomas Edward Evelin Richard Evelin William Oldfeild William Hoskins George Browne Henry Weston William nuschampe John Thynne Thomas Turgis Roger Duncombe George Duncombe George Vernon Esquiers Doctor Windebanke George Smith George Duke Mathew Carleton Thomas Lee Esqs Peter Hussey Lawrence Marsh Thomas Rogers Samuell Rowse Roger Clarke William Wymondsall Roger [ Pelliwood5] George [Woodfroste6] John Heather Richard Ward Robert Holman John Parker John Jones Gentlemen

For the Burrough of Southwarke

Sir John Bromfeild Sir John Lenthall Sir Edmond Bowyer Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir James Austin George Moore Edward Smith Esquiers Edmond Ware up Esqs Mr John Neale Mr John Luntley Mr William Lock Mr Edward Ball Mr William Whitworth Mr George Maggot Mr William Burton Mr Jonathan Buck.

For the County of Stafford

Sir John Bowyer Knight and Baronet High Sheriffe Sir Edward Litleton Baronet Randolph Egerton Esq* Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Edward Bagget Sir Walter Wrotesley Sir Francis Lawley Sir Bryan Broughton Baronets Sir John Wyrley Q Knight4] William Snead Henry Gray Walter Chetwind senior John Lane Walter Chetwind junior George Digby Broome Whorwood Esquires Sir Walter Litleton Sir Theophilus Biddolph Sir Thomas Whitgrave Knights Rowland Oakeover Edward Manwairing Charles Cotton John Skrimshire Gerard Skrimshire Richard Congreeve Robert Milward William Chetwin Thomas Kinnersly John Pearsehouse Jonathan Woodnorth Jonathan Cope John Swinfin Robert Levison Rowland Cotton Henry Archbold George Parker Henry Vernon John Whitehall Francis Wightwick Mathew Moreton Ferrers Fowke Edward Arablaster William Orme Edward Birch John Shelton

1 Wenman O. • Whorwood 0. 3 Townes O.

4 Kn*f O. * PeJJiward O, 6 Woodroffe 0.

6 C

466

15° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1663.

Esquiers Samuell Hinton Doctor of the Lawes Thomas Pudsey of [Charley1] William Farmer Richard Bracegirdle John Goigh John Woollaston William Smallwood John Birch John Colclough Timothy Edge Gentlemen, The Maior of Stafford for the time being, The Maior of Newcastle for the time being, The Bayliffes of Tamworth for the time being, The Maior of Walshall for the time being.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Litchfeild.

The Bayliffes and Sheriffe for the time being Sir Walter Litleton Knight Michael Biddolph Richard Dyott Henry Archbold John Hill Esquiers Thomas Caterbanke Henry Boylstone William Jesson Gen? Samuell Hinton Doctor of the Law Anthony Hewet Doctor of Phisicke William Whitby Esq*

For the County of Salop

Andrew Newport Esq* Sir Thomas Woolrich Sir William Whitmore Sir Henry Vernon Sir Francis Lawley Sir Walter Acton Baronets Sir Richard Prince Sir John Weld Sir Richard Oately Sir Clement Throckmorton Sir William Childe Sir Job Charleton Sergeant at Law and Cheife Justice of Chester Knights Timothy Litleton Sergeant at Law Sir Vincent Corbet William Fowler Timothy Turner Philip E&on Richard Screven Richard Fowler Francis Thornes James Lacon Francis Charleton Robert Sandford Robert Leighton Phillip Prince Robert Charleton John Lacon Henry Goodrick Samuell Winkefeild Thomas Whitmore George Ludlow Edward Latwich Edward Baldwin Charles Baldwin Henry Bernard Thomas Powis Thomas Holland John Coates William Oakeley [Edward*] Wareing of Oldbury Thomas Lloyd Esquiers Captaine Philip Jenings John Corbet Richard Ridley Somerset Fox John Walcost Thomas Crumpe William Owen of Perkington Robert Owen Thomas Lockier John Newton Vincent Edwards Esquiers Roger Gough John Bawdwin of Midlehope Gen? Thomas Walcolt Rowland Hill Charles Mainwairing William Cotton Andrew Hill Francis Smith Francis Forrester junior Robert Cresset Richard Lister Esquiers Daniell Wicherley Humphrey Grove Henry Griffiths Richard Baggott Francis Walker Alexander Midleton John Baugh Richard Walker Gen? The Bayliffes of Bridgenorth for the time being The Bayliffe of the Franchise of Wenlocke for the time being, The Bayliffes of Bishops Castle for the time being. The Bayliffes for Ludlow for the time being Richard Davis Thomas Jones of Sheete and William Bowdler Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Shrewsbury

The Maior for the time being Timothy Toumer Recorder Thomas Rocke Robert Leighton Jonathan Langley Adam Oateley Thomas Bawdewin Thomas Jones Robert Corbert of the Hall of Hussey Samuell Wingfeild Richard Tayler John Harding Arthur Hinks Richard Clarke Samuell Lloyd Andrew Vivers.

For the County of Southampton

Charles Lord St John of Basing Henry Lord Pawlet Sir Robert Howard Knight Sir Henry Worseley Sir John Mill Sir John Norton Sir Hugh Stewkley Sir William Lewis Sir Thomas Badd Sir Nicholas Stuart Sir Andrew Henley Sir John Trott Baronets Sir Humphrey Bennet Sir Robert Mason Sir Philip Honywood Sir Thomas Higgons Knights Richard Norton Henry Wallop Lawrence Hyde James May Leonard Bilson Arthur Bold Thomas Cole Bartholimew Price John Stewkley Richard Goddard of Winton Edward Hooper of Chilworth Edward Fleming Thomas Knowlett Francis Roules John Woldrich Thomas Jarvoys William Wither High Sheriffe Humphrey Weld Richard Compton Thomas Knollis Philip Lee Edward Hooper of Hurne Court Henry Tulse Roger Gallop Henry Whitehead Thomas Brookes Giles Hungerford Benjamine Ruddiard Robert Oxenbridge Richard Lucy Edward Norton Robert Warcupp Thomas Neale George Pitt Nicholas Bowell John Deane Daniell Kingsmill John Kingsmill Nicholas Venables Gabrieli Whistler Esquiers Samuell Holmes John Duke John Rivers Gentlemen, The Maior of Portsmouth for the time being, The Maior of Basing Stooke for the time being. The Bayliffe of Andover for the time bring.

For the Isle of Wight

Sir Henry Worsley Sir Robert Dillington Sir William Meux Baronets Sir John Leigh Knight Sir John Barington Robert Dillington John Richards William Oglander John Worseley senior Edward Worsley Francis Leigh Richard Lucy Esqs.

For the Citty of Winchester The Maior for the time being Nicholas Purdue James Guy John Mondy Richard Dennet John Fifeild Gen?.

For the Towne and County of Southampton

Robert Richkell Maior Roger Gallop Esq* Edward Exton Peter dungeon Henry Pitt William Stanley Joseph Delamot Thomas Cornellis William Home James Clungeon Gen?.

For the County of Suffolke

Sir Edward Turner Speaker of the House of Commons Sir Dudley North Knight of the Bath Walter Devereux Esq* Sir Edmond Bacon Sir Lyonell Tolemache Sir Henry Felton Sir John Holland Sir John Barker Sir Robert Kempe Sir John Castleton Sir William Spring Sir Henry Bacon Sir Henry North Sir Thomas Darcy Sir Robert

» Chartley 0.

• Edmond 0.

15° Car. II. c. 9.

467

Cordell Sir Jervas Elwis Sir John Rous Sir John Warner Sir John Crofts Sir Robert Brooke Sir Philip Parker Sir Samuel 1 Bemardiston Sir William Gawdy Baronets Sir William Playters Sir Henry Wood Sir Charles Gaudy Sir Edward Duke Sir George Reve Sir Thomas Bernadiston Knights and Baronets Sir John Knivett Sir Nicholas Bacon Knights of the Bath Sir Henry Crofts Sir William Poley Sir Philip Parker Sir [Edward1 *] Poley Sir William Doyley Sir John Duncombe Sir Robert Brooke Sir John Pettus Sir Thomas Smith Sir Thomas Harvey Sir Thomas Ogle Sir William Bloys Sir Jeoffrey [Butwell *] Sir George Weneve Sir Nevil [Charling3] Sir Algernon May Knights Robert Wright John Harvey Thomas Holland Thomas Cullum Thomas Walgrave* Maurice Barrow John Duke John Poley of Stowmarket John Poley of Boxsted Wiseman Bockenham Charles [Sentivill4] Richard Coke Benjamin Cutler of the Chauntry Fitz-non Lambe William Bloyes Henry Warner John Sicklemore Francis Burwell Thomas Stewart Henry Parker Arthur Jenny John Sotheby Charles Cornewallis Joseph Brand Thomas Edgar Edmond Harvey Thomas Tirrell William Dawtree Thomas Dade of Tannington Thomas Scrivener Edward Feilder William Blomfeild Robert Marriot Henry Coppenger Gardner Web Hamond Claxton Clement Heigham Philip Howard Robert Butts Thomas Butts Francis Cheney Robert Nanton Edmond Clench the younger Michaell Grigg John Barker John Bedingfeild Henry Bedingfeild William Gooche William Brewse James With Thomas Wood Samuell Alston John Lambe Henry North of Laxfeild Edward North Framingham Gaudy Peregrine Doyley Thomas Vesey James Cob Thomas Wright John Cole Robert [Malliwood5] Robert King DoSor of Law Thomas Arris Doctor of Phisicke Borrowdale Millecent Joseph Beaumont John Bence [Roswid6] John Playters Robert Pembrig John Brame of Ash junior John Rivet Edward Brampton Edward Spencer Francis Theobald Edmond Fameley William Gibbs Thomas Day Henry Stecking John Thuston Robert Stile Thomas Bacon Thomas Leman William Goodwin Miles Edgar Erward Man the younger Thomas Man Barnaby Gibson Thomas Read Robert Brownrig William Jermy Richard Kirby Esquiers The Maior of Sudbury for the time being, The Maior of Hadley for the time being, The Maior of Orford for the time being The Bayliffes of Dunwich for the time being.

For the Towne of Ipswich

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir Henry Felton Baronet Sir Manuell Sorrell Knight William Bloyes Esq* John Sicklemore Esq> Recorder Nicholas Philips John Robinson Robert Sparrow John Wright Gilbert Lyndfeild Robert Clarge Gentlemen.

For the Burrough of St Edmonds Bury

The Alderman for the time being Robert Sharpe Gen? Sir Edmond Poley Sir John Duncombe Knights John Sothesby Esq^ Recorder James Kobbs Stephen Cooke Francis Browne Samuell Huftler Gen?.

For the Towne of Aldborough

Sir John Holland Baronet Sir Robert Brooke Knight The Bayliffes for the time being [William7] Shipman Mr Elliot, Mr Barwood Mr Wall junior.

For the County of Somerset

Sir John Warre Knight High Sheriffe Francis Lord Hawley Sir Charles Berkley Knight Treasurer of His Majestyes Household Sir Thomas Mallet Knight one of the Justices of the Kings Bench John Pawlet Francis Pawlet (8) Amos Pawlet [Esquiers9] Sir William Portman Sir Maurice Berkley Sir Hugh Smith Sir William Wyndham Knights and Baronets Sir John Sidenham Sir George Trevilliam Baronets Sir John Coventry Sir Edward Hungerford Knights of the Bath Sir Henry Berkley Sir Thomas Bridges Sir Hugh Windham Sir George Norton Sir George Homer Sir William Basset Sir Edward Wingfeild Sir Thomas Gore Knights John Merefeild Sergeant at Law Alexander Popham George Stawell Edward Phillips Edmond Windham William Prynne George Speake Francis Lutrell Peregrine Palmer Henry Rogers Francis Windham Edward Berkley Maurice Berkley Samuell Gorges John Tint John Mallet Edward Phelips junior William Heliar Angell Gray Ralph Stawell Robert Hawley George Sidenham John Buckland Thomas Warr William Bull Robert Hunt Michaell Mallet John Churchell Warwicke Bampfeild Anthony Pawlet William Harboard Kingsmill Lucy William Lucy Henry Waldron Thomas Windham of Wicham Francis Vaughan William Clarke Edward Clarke Thomas Harwell Henry Bull of Mid-summer-Norton Esquiers.

For the Citty of Bath

The Maior for the time being William Prynne Esqs John Masters Alderman Henry Parker Robert Penny Edward White John Reade Walter Gibbs Alderman John Chapman Henry Chapman Gentlemen.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll.

The Maior for the time being Sir Robert Cann Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath Recorder John Locke Richard Balman Henry Creswicke William Colson Nathaniel Cale Walter Sandy John Knight Aldermen The Sheriffes for the time being John Pope John Lawford John Wright Robert Yeomans Christopher Griffith John Bradway John Willoughby Thomas Langton Thomas Stevens John Hicks Sir Humphrey Hooke John Knight junior.

1 Edmond 0. • Burwell 0.

• Robert Goswild 0. f Mr. 0.

3 Catling 0. ♦ Stutevill O.

• Esquiers 0: 9 Esq, 0.

•' Mallyward 0.

468

15° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 166S.

For the County of Sussex

Thomas Leonard John Ashbumham Esquiers Sir Thomas Pelham Sir John Stapeley Sir John Covet Sir Walter Hendley Sir Denny Ashbumham Sir William Thomas Sir John Fagg Sir Cecill Bishop Baronets Sir John Lewkner Sir William Morley Knights of the Bath Sir Thomas Dike Sir Thomas Woodcocke Sir Thomas Nutt Sir George Courtop Sir John Morley Sir Henry Peckham Knights Henry Goreing Percy Goreing William Garway John Steward George Nevill Thomas Sackvile Herbert Morley Edward Blaker Henry Chawne Thomas Palmer Robert Anderson Nisei Rivers George Parker Richard Lindsey Sackvile Graves Edward May John May Walter Evemden William Gratwicke Thomas Gray John Farrington Thomas Bestworth Bruin Bickley Richard Cooper Ralph Mill Thomas Midieton Symon Smith John Jones Charles Brett Richard Bridgar Walter Burrell Henry West Edward Keeling William Spence Edward Polhill [ Thomas Luxford Robert Fowle1 ] John De-la-Chambre John Baker of Stonelud Nicholas Gildridge Richard Sheppard John Paine Allan Carr Anthony Sherley Esquiers John Gratwick of Eatons William Scace John Bagshall Christopher Coles Thomas Barnard William Markewricke William Palmer Richard Mills Gen? The Maior of At undell for the time being Robert Palmer Nicholas Cooke Thomas Hudson Mathew Young William Westbrooke Richard Nash John Eversfeild senior William Gratwick of Jervas Gen! Bray Showne Esq, Joseph Newington Allan Carr Edward Mitchell Gentlemen.

For the Citty of Chichester

Marke Miller Esq> Maior of Chichester Thomas Leonard Esqs Sir Henry Peckham Knight William Garway Robert Anderson John Farrington Esquiers Richard Young Nicholas Exton Aldermen Allan Carr Gentleman.

For the County of Westmerland

Sir Philip Musgrave Sir John Lowther Sir John Lowther Sir Thomas Strickland John Lowther Daniel 1 Fleming Allan Bellingham Richard Braithwaite John Dalston Christopher Crakenthrope James Ducket Robert Hilton [Christopher Musgrave Richard Musgrave*] Richard Braithwaite Thomas Samford Lancelot Machell Nicholas Fisher Thomas Gebetas Edward Nephinson Thomas Braithwaite John Otway Henry Wilson Edward Wilson William Midieton Esquiers Richard Duckat Gen? The Maior of Apleby for the time being; The Maior of Kendall for the time being.

For the County of Wilts.

Henry Lord Herbert John Lord Seymour William Lord Herbert Henry Viscount Comebury Sir Edward Nicholas one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councell Edward Howard James Mountague Charles Seymour Esquiers Sir Robert Hyde one of the Justices of the C5mon Pleas Sir Wadham Windham one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Walter St John Sir Seymour Pile Sir George Grubham-Howe Sir Walter [Earlue3] Baronets Sir John Coventry Sir John Nicholas Sir Edward Hungerford Sir [John 4] Baynton Knights of the Bath Sir James Thynne Sir [James *] Evelin Sir John Talbot Sir Edward Poole Sir George Hungerford Sir John Low Sir Thomas Escourt Sir Henry Coker Sir Thomas Ivy Sir Wil iam Cally Sir Thomas Mompesson Knights Alexander Popham Edward Seymour Robert Phillips Richard Grubham Howe Richard Lewis Francis Wroughton John Erule senior William Glanvile Henry Clerke John Pleydell William Jordan John [Earlue1] junior Edward Nicholas Thomas Bennet George Ayliffe Edward Hungerford Walter Long William Pawlet Ralph Freke Edward Hyde Edward Tooker William Ducket William Brounker Henry Hungerford Henry Baynton Walter Brockeland George Bond Edmond Warneford Thomas Mompesson Gilbert Rawley Edward Goddard of Standon Alexander Thistlewaite junior William Yorke Jeoffrey Daniell Thomas [Wincklin 6J John Kent John Collins Thomas Gore James Ash John Foyle John Norden Henry Long Richard Harrison Richard Aldworth Edward Topp Thomas Hawles Joseph Stockman Giles Eyre William Willoughby John Long John Eyre Samuell Eyre John Bowles Rowland Platt Richard Escourt George Ivy William Swanton Robert Chaundler Thomas Hungerford Thomas Lainbert Thomas Pile Richard Southby Nevill Maskeline Edward Goddard of Ogbome John Danvers Seymour Bowman Henry Wallis Edmond Webb Walter Parker Benjamine Gifford Isaac Burges William Sadler Richard Greene John Mompesson John Fitz-herbert Robert Chaloner Esquiers The Maior of the Devises for the time bang, The Maior of Maryborough for the time being, the Maior of Wilton for the time being.

For the Citty of New Sarum

The Maior for the time being Sir Robert Hyde one of the Justices of the Common Pleas Sir Wadham Windham one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Mr Seymour Bowman Mr Maurice Greene Mr William Slaune Sir Thomas Mompesson Edward Tooker William Swanton Richard Davy John Holt Symon Spatchurst Esqs Mr William Joyce Mr Thomas Oviat Mr James Harward Stephen Fox Thomas Chaffin Thomas Hawles Richard Coleman Esquiers Thomas Gardner Gen?.

For the County of Worcester Sir John Packington Sir Henry Litleton Sir William Russell Sir Edward Seabright Sir William Kite Baronets Sir Ralph Clare Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Herbert Sir Rowland Berkley Sir John Winfrid Sir John Talbot Knights William Sandys Samuell Sandys senior Samuell Sandys junior Edward Pitt Sherrington Talbot Henry Bromely of Holt Thomas Savage of Elmby Castle Francis Finch Thomas Child Henry Bromley of Upton John Minfun Henry Jefferyes Joseph Walsh of Aberley Philip Bruce William Washbume Richard Dowdeswell Thomas Wild Edward Vernon, John

1 Robert Fowle Thomas Luxford 0. * Richard Musgrave Christopher Musgrave O.

4 Edward 0. 3 John 0.

* Erule 0.

6 Wancklyn 0.

15° Car. II. c. 9.

469

Bearecroft Edward Pemmell Thomas Streete George Symonds Theophilus Andrewes Edward Carew of Litleton Thomas Hall Thomas Vernon Francis Sheldon of Aberton Phillip Parsons Edward Bushell Walter Savage of Broadway William Sheldon of Broadway Henry Spiller Edward Dingley Parrot of Bell-Broughton junior Henry Litleton

of Newton William Cookes Gerrard Dunnet Henry Townesend Henry Evett Esquiers The Bayliffes of Wich for the rime being The Maior of Evesham for the time being, The Bayliffe of Bewdley for the time being William Mucklow Francis Winington William Hancock Esqs.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester.

The Maior, Aldermen and SherifFe for ‘the time being Sir Rowland Berkeley Sir William Moreton Knights one of His Majestyes Sergeants at Law Thomas Hall Thomas Streete Thomas Vernon Esquiers Robert Wilde Humphrey Wildey Richard Bedors Francis Hughes Humphrey Tyrer, John Bearecroft.

For the Burrough of Evesham

The Maior for the time being Sir Abraham Cullen Baronet William Sandys Theophilus [Andres1] Recorder John Lunn William Watson Richard Bartley William Mathewes Aldermen and Capitall Burgesses

For the County of Warwicke

Charles Leigh Esq> Sir Robert Holt Sir Richard Temple Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton Sir Clement Fisher Sir Roger Burgoyne Sir Edward Broughton Sir John Knightley Sir Thomas Norton Baronets Sir William Bromley Sir Stephen Hales Knights of the Bath Sir George Devereux Sir Francis Willoughby Sir Charley Adder! ey Sir Charles Lee Sir Arthur Caley Sir William Underhill Sir Combe Wagstaffe Sir Richard Hopkins Sir Richard Bishop Sir John Clopton Knights Richard Lucy John Bridgeman Walter Chetwin senior Thomas Archer Clement Throckmorton William Somerville Sebright Repington Francis Ficher William Dilkes John Lisle William Purefoy Stephen Bolton Thomas Gibbs Thomas Fisher John Rigley George Pudsey senior Harvey Bagott Richard Newdigate Sergeant at Law Thomas Temple Basill Feilding Thomas Boughton John Rous Thomas Flint Charles Bentley Charles Newsham Richard Vemey of Kingston Giles Palmer Thomas Marriot John Fetherston Humphrey Jennings Mathew Holbich Thomas Rawlins Nathaniell Brookes William Booth James Prescot Esqs Samuell [Dykes1] John Mayne George Feilding Gen? The Bayliffe of Warwicke for the time being The Bayliffe of Stratford for the time being. The Bayliffes of Tamworth for the time being.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry.

The Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Norton Baronet Sir Arthur Caley Sir Richard Hopkins Knights Edmond Palmer Esqs Henry Smith Thomas Love Mathew Smith Samuell Snell Joseph Chambers James Nayler Julius Billiars Thomas Pidgeon Humphrey Burton Aldermen William Jolliffe.

For the County of Anglesey

Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley Marke Lord Viscount Duncannon Thomas Bulkley Sir Hugh Owen Knight and Baronet Nicholas Bagenall Thomas Wood Peirce Lloyd senior [Peirce Lloyd junior3] Rowland Bulkley William Bold John Robinson Griffith Jones of Trevarthin Hugh Owen Richard Meirick John Lloyd of Landeguin John Griffith of Llunvaithly John [Wynore4] ofBodewryde William Bulkley of Bronddu Henry Lloyd John Pritherch of Llysdelas Rowland White Richard Owen Esquiers Hugh Hughes John Owens Llanvathley John Owens Penrhose Conisby Williams Henry Jones Henry Davies William Williams Trearther Will Lewis Griffith Lloyd of Treaseph Edward Price of Bodawir Edward Price of Trevadog Howell Lewis Owen Lloyd of Henblas John Williams of Bodurdin Owen Owen of Trevillir Richard Wynne of Penheskine, The Maior of Beaumorice for the time being William Wynne of Llangoed Owen Hughes William Hampton Gentlemen.

For the County of Brecon

Henry Williams Esqs High Sheriffe Sir Herbert Price Sir William Lewis Sir Henry [William Lewes Sir Henry3] Williams Baronets Sir John Herbert Knight Edward Progers Esqs one of the Groomes of His Majestyes Bedchamber William Morgan of Dderw George Gwyne Milbume Williams Lewis Morgan Thomas Lewis John Stedman Hugh Powell William Morgan of Newton Walter Vaughan Thomas Williams Edward Powell James Watkins Henry Stedman Meredith Lewes Lewis Gunter William Lloyd William Saunders Daniell Winter Edward Herbert Edward Proger of Guemenald John Morgan Esqs, The Bayliffe of Brecon for the time being.

For the County of Cardigan

Sir Richard Price Baronet Sir Francis Lloyd Knight James Lewes senior John Vaughan Henry Vaughan Morgan Herbert Erasmus Lloyd James Stedman Edward Vaughan James Lewis junior Richard Herbert Reynold Jenkins Thomas Jenkins John Jones John Lewes Thomas Evans David Lloyd Thomas Lloyd Esquiers The Maior of Cardigan for the time being.

1 Andros 0. * Dylkes 0. 5 interlined on the Roll. * Wynne 0. * 0. omits.

6 D

15° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 166S.

For the County of Carmarthen

Frauds Lord Vaughan Sir William Moreton Knight one of His Majestyes Sergeants at Law Symon Dege Sir John Vaughan Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Mansell Sir William Russell Sir John Lloyd Baronets Sir Edward Rice Sir Henry Vaughan Knights John Vaughan of Llannelly William Gwynne of Talliaris Nicholas Williams John Vaughan of Court Derlis Richard Walter Henry Midleton James Jones of Tallacothy Penry Vaughan John Vaughan of Place Gwynne junior Morgan Jones Philip Vaughan Thomas Lloyd of Berlandowell Thomas [Lloyd1] of Cunguilly Thomas Lloyd of Deveratt Owen Bruckstocke Thomas Lloyd of Lan Lowlocke John Powell of Lanarder junior Esqs.

For the Burrough of Carmarthen

The Maior for the time being Francis Lord Vaughan Sir John Vaughan Knight of the Bath Sii Henry Vaughan Knight John Vaughan of Llannelly John Vaughan of Court Derttis Esqs John Okely Anthony Jones Thomas Jones Lewis Jones Gen!

For the County of Camarvan

Robert Lord Viscount Bulckley Richard Cuffin High Sheriffe Robert Roberts of Bodvell Thomas Bulkley of Dinas Esquiers Sir Richard Wynne of Gwidder Sir Griffith Williams of Vaynell Sir Roger Mostin of Mostin Sir Griffith Williams of Penthrin Baronet Sir John Owen Sir Richard Lloyd Knights Griffith Jones Maurice Wynne William Griffith of Lynne Hugh Wynne John Bodurda Thomas Vaughan William Hookes Robert Coytmore Robert Wynne of Connoway Owen Griffith Owen Wynne of Glascord Hugh Williams William Wynne of Camunda William Williams John Williams William Bulckley of Coytmore Robert Wynne of Sesselgy Farch Hugh Bodurda Griffith Bodurda Richard Anwill of Hafodwryd Richard Griffith Richard Ellis Edmond Gwynne of Bryn-y Gwdion John Jones Trevan William Spicer William Arthur Jeoffrew Williams John Wynne Pennarch Gent William Thomas Alderman of Camarvan Herbert Griffith Gen?.

For the County of Denbigh

Sir Thomas Midleton Knight Sir Richard Wynne Sir John Salisbury Sir Thomas Powell Sir William Meredith Baronets Sir Thomas Trevor Knight and Baronet Sir John Trevor Knight Sir Thomas Midleton Sir Evan Lloyd Baronets Sir Richard Lloyd Sir Edward Broughton Sir Robert Towneshend Sir John Wynne Knights Roger Puleston of Emeroll John Trevor of Trevalin William Owen William Price Hugh Wynne Mutton Davyes Robert Wynne of Voylas Kenricke Eyton Charles Salisbury John Wynne John Robinson Bevis Lloyd John Thelwall senior John Edisbury Charles Midleton Eubell Thelwall John Jefferyes Richard Midleton of Llansilin Robert Price John Thelwall junior Edward Brereton Wat kin Cuffin Owen Thelwall David Morris John Langford William Wynne of Gartigan William Perry John Puleston Hugh Roberts George Bostocke Francis Manley Fowlke Midleton Hugh Lloyd of Foxhall Gabrieli Goodman Esqs Thomas Price of Geeler Edward Griffith of Henllam William Jones of Careghono John Salisbury of Lliwesog Humphrey Lloyd of Berse Robert Wynne of Garthwynne Howell Lloyd Gent The two Aldermen of Denbigh John Hughes Thomas Mathewes John Jones Robert Salisbury Gent.

For the County of Flint

Sir Thomas Hanmer Knight and Baronet Sir John Salisbury Sir Henry Conway Baronets Sir Roger Mostin Knight and Baronet Sir John Hanmer Knight Robert Davies Thomas Ravenscroft John Trevor Roger Puleston William Hanmer Thomas Mostin Thomas Lloyd Mutton Davies Robert Whitley Peter Griffith Robert Mostin David Pennant John Parry John Brougton William Griffith Evan Edwards John Lloyd Edward Lloyd Robert Wynne Richard Young Thomas Cratchley Thomas Salisbury John Salisbury Charles Jones Owen Barton Esqs.

For the County of Glamorgan

Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland William Lord Herbert of Cardiffe Sir Richard Lloyd Knight Arthur Trevor Esqs Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward Stradling Sir Edward Thomas Baronets Sir John Awbry Knight and Baronet Sir William Lewis Sir Thomas Lewis Sir Richard Basset Knights Evan Seyes Sergeant at Law William Basset Doctor of Lawes Robert Thomas Miles Button Thomas Lewis William Bassett of Bewpree William Herbert of Swansey Edmond Thomas Bussey Mansell Herbert Evans Thomas Mathew Humphrey Windham David Jenkins Gabrieli Lewis William Thomas Thomas Stading Thomas Carue John Avan John Gibbs Thomas Thomas David Mathew Lamerock Stradling Thomas Evans Edmond Gammage Richard Longher William Herbert of Killy Bebell John Carue Henry Basset Edward Herbert of Cogan David Evans John Llewellin Esqs.

For the County of Merioneth

Roger Mostin Esq^ High Sheriffe Sir Richard Wynne Baronet Sir John Owen Sir Richard Lloyd Knights William Salisbury Henry Wynne William Price William Vaughan William Wynne Lewis Lloyd Howell Vaughan John Pugh Vincent Corbet Maurice Wynne John Lloyd Esqs Sir John Wynne Knight Robert Wynne Richard Wynne [Lewis Owen Griffith Lloyd *] William Vaughan of Kaithly John Nanny of Llanvantheged Edmond Meirick Humphry Hughes John Vaughan Rowland Vaughan Richard Anwill Ellis Edwards Maurice Williams William Tudar Lewis Wynne Esqs John Owen of Havoddowilch Richard Jones John Lloyd of Ddialt Anthony Poole Griffith John Lewis Richard Lloyd of Carrog Evan Lloyd of Goppa Gen?.

1 Vaughan 0. * Griffith Lloyd Lewis Owen 0.

15° Car. II. c. 9

471

For the County of Montgomery

Sir Mathew Price Sir Thomas Middleton Sir Richard Corbet Sir Edward Lloyd Henry Herbert Andrew Newport John Purcell John Blaney John Pugh Richard Herbert Richard Owen Francis Buller Robert Leighton Charles Salisbury John Price of Parke Mathew Morgan Roger Mostyn John Blodwell Robert Lee Thomas Wind Henry Purcell John Newton Edmond Wareing John Mathews the elder John Mathewes the younger of TrefFnany Thomas [Tanner1] Vincent Perce Thomas Corbet Thomas [Norris1] Brockwell Griffiths Robert Griffithes Thomas Jones Francis Fitzh erbert John Whittingham David Powell Thomas Jukes Arthur Weaver William Browne Edward Glynne of Glynne Esqs Edward Herbert John Kiffin John Oakeley Samuell Biggs Edward Edwards of Colfiryn John Lloyd of Cowney Evan Vaughan Edward Whittingham Gen!.

For the County of Pembrooke

Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir John Stepney Baronets Sir Hugh Owen Sir John Lort Knights and Baronets Sir Herbert Perrot Knight William Scourefeild Essex Meiricke Rowland Langharne John Barlow Arthur Owen Henry White Lewis Barloe Hugh Bowen James Bowen Thomas Warren William Phillips Thomas Parry George Haward James Lloyd John Lort Thomas Lloyd Isaac Lloyd Thomas Wogan of Llantinane William Mordant John Mathias Esquiers The Maior of Pembrooke for the time being William Hinton Mathew Bowen Francis Rogers Aldermen The Maior of Tenby for the time being Thomas Wyat Rice Barrow David Palmer Aldermen.

For the Towne and County of Haverford West

Lewis Baron Maior Sir William Moreton Knight one of His Majestyes Sergeants at Law Sir John Stepney Sir Hugh Owen Baronets Rowland Langheme William Phillips Richard Walter George Haward Esqs (J) Henry Bowen Aldermen John Barlowe John Williams Mathew Prinne Thomas Cozens Gabrell Wade John Lloyd Gentlemen.

For the County of Radnor

Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Richard Fowler George Gwyne Henry Williams James Price Samuell Powell Herbert Weston Andrew Phillips Thomas Lewis of Harpton Nicholas Tayler Charles Lewis Evan Davies Griffith Jones Henry Probert Thomas Lewis of [Nanaughty4] Thomas Edeston Nicholas Meredith Robert Cutler Esqs The Bayliffe of New [Radnar5] Francis Rickards Gen!.

The which said Commissioners or any three or more of them are hereby authorized to putt in Execution the Powers of this Act within their respective Divisions, And that by Authority of this Act the said Cdmissioners may by their Assents and Agreements sever themselves for the Execution of this Act in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Townes Parishes and other places within their respective Limitts in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered and betweene them to be agreed according to the tenour and effect of this Act.

And be it alsoe enacted by [thee] Authoritie of this present Parliament That the Commissioners and every of them which are herein named limitted and appointed according to this Act to be Commissioners in every such Shire Ridemg Lath Wapentake Rape Citty Towne Burrough Isle or any other place And that shall be nominated in any Commission [that shall7] be directed from His Majesty for assessing of His Majestyes Honourable Household and none other shall truely effectually and diligently for their parts execute the effect of this present Act according to the tenoure thereof in every behalfe and noe otherwise by any meanes without ommission favour dread mallice or any other thing to be [attempted or •] done by them or any of them to the contrary thereof.

VII. Commissioners to execute Ad according to the Tenor thereof.

And the said Commissioners shall for the Taxation of the said two first of the said Fower Subsidies before the tenth day of September next comeing, And for the Taxation of the two last of the said Fower Subsidyes shall before the tenth day of February next ensueing direct their severall or joynt Precept or Precepts unto eight seaven six five sower three or two as for the number of Inhabitants shall be requisite of the most substantial! discreete and honest persons Inhabitants of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes Townes and other places aswell within Liberties Franchices [and9] Auntient Demeasne Places exempted and Sanctuaryes as without within the Limitts of the Shires Rideings Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cittyes Townes Burroughes and Isle aforesaid and other places within their respective limitts. And to the Constables Sub Constables Bayliffes and other like Officers and Ministers of every of the said Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and other places aforesaid as to the said Commissioners and every number of them or to three or two of them by their discretion in division shall seeme expedient, and as by the manner and use of these parts shall be requisite, straitely by the said Precept chargeing and commanding the said Inhabitants Constables and other Officers aforesaid to whom such Precept shall be soe directed to appeare in their proper persons before the said Commissioners or such number of them as they shall divide themselves according to this Act at certaine dayes and places by the said Commissioners or any such number of them as is aforesaid within Cittyes Burroughes or Townes Corporate or without in any other places as is aforesaid by their discretion to be limitted thereunto to doe and accomplish all that to them on the part of the Kings Majestie shall be enjoyned touching this Act, commanding further by the same Precept that he to

VIII.

Commissioner* to direct Precepts to certain Number of Inhabitants in Hundreds, &c.

who are to shew such Precepts.

' Tannatt O. 0 O. omits.

• Morris 0.

? to 0.

* William Williams O. 4 Manaughty 0.

* interlined on the Roll. 9 0. omits.

* Radnor 0.

472

15° Car. II. c.9.

A.D. 1663.

Penalty 40a.

IX.

Persons named in Precept to appear before Commissioners.

Such Persons making Default or refusing to serve.

Penalty 40s.

Penalty 40s.

Enquiry into the Substance of Persons to be charged, but such Enquiry not to be taken on Oath, and to certify before Commissioners.

Penalty.

Commissioners to read the Rates openly.

Afterwards another Day to be appointed by Commissioners for such Persons to appear.

Not appearing. Penalty 40s.

or refusing to make Certificate;

Penalty 40s.

Commissioners to examine Presenters of Certificate.

Further Proceedings on Assessments by Precept to Constables, See, to warn Persous named therein to appear.

whose hands such Precepts shall come shall shew and deliver the same to the other Inhabitants or Officers named in the same Precept, And that none of them faile to accomplish the same upon paine of Forty shillings to be forfeited to the Kings Majestie.

And it is further ordained by the Authoride of this present Parliament That at the said day and place prefixed and limitted in the said Precept, every of the said Comissers then being in the Shirq and not haveing sufficient excuse for his absence at the day and place [prefixed1] for that part whereunto he was limitted shall appeare in his owne proper person, And there the same Comissers being present or as many of them as shall be appointed by vertue of this Act shall call or cause to be called before them the said Inhabitants and Officers to whom they have directed their said Precept, And if any person soe warned [doe1] make defaulte unlesse lie then be letted by sicknes or lawfull excuse, and that Lett be then witnessed by the Oathes of two credible persons or if any appeareing refuse to serve in forme following then every such person soe makeing default or refuseing to serve shall forfeite to the Kings Majesty Forty shillings and soe at every time appointed by the said Commissioners for the said severall Taxations untill such time the number of every such persons have appeared and certifyed in forme underwritten every of them soe makeing defaulte or refuseing to serve shall forfeit to the Kings Majestye Forty shillings And upon the same appearance had they shall be charged before the Commissioners by all convenient wayes and meanes (other then by Corporall Oath) to inquire of the value of the substance after the usuall manner of every person dwelling and abiding within the limitts of the places that they shall be charged with, and of other which shall have his or their most resorte unto any of the said places and chargeable with any summe of money by this Act of the said Subsidyes and of all other things requisite touching the said Act and according to the intent of the same and thereupon as neere as it may be, or shall come to their knowledge without respect of any former Taxation heretofore had but these hereafter mentioned truely to present and certifie before the said

Commissioners the Names and Simames and the Substance and Values of every of them after the usuall manner

as aforesaid aswell of Lands Tenements and other Hereditaments Possessions and Proffitts as of Goods Chattells Debts and other things chargeable by the same Ad without any concealment love favour affection dread or mallice upon paine of [forfeiting3] any summe not exceeding five pounds to be taxed estreated and levyed in forme as hereafter in this present Act shall be limitted or appointed. And thereupon the said Comissers shall openly there reade or cause to be read unto them the said Rates in this Act mentioned and openly declare the effect of their charge unto them in what manner and forme they ought and should make their Certificates according to the Rates and Summes thereof abovesaid and of all manner of persons aswell Aliens and Strangers Denizens or not Denizens inhabiting within this Realme as of such Popish Recusants and others persons as be borne under the Kings obeisance chargeable to this Act, and of the Possessions Goods and Chattells of Fratemityes Guilds Corporations Brotherhoods Misteries Commonalties and other as is abovesaid, and of persons being in the parts beyond the Seas haveing Goods and Chattells Lands or Tenements within this Realme as is aforesaid, and of all Goods being in the custody of any person or persons to the use of any other as is aforesaid, by the which information and shewing

the said persons may have such plaine knowledge of the true intent of this present Act and of the manner of

their Certificate that the same persons shall have noe reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance, And after such Charge and the Statute of the said Subsidyes and the manner of the said Certificate to be made in writeing containing the Names and Sirnames of every person and whether he be borne without the Kings Dominions or within and the value of every person in every degree as well of the yearely value of Lands and Tenements and of such like Possessions and Proffitts as of the value of Goods and Chattells Debts and every thing to their Certificate requisite and necessary to them declared, the said Commissioners there being shall by their Discretions limitt and appoint unto the said persons another day and place to appeare before the said Commissioners and chargeing the said persons that they shall in the meane time make diligent enquiry by all wayes and meanes of the premisses, And then and there every of them upon paine of forfeiture of Forty Shillings to the Kings Majestie, to appeare at the said next prefixed day and place there to certifie unto the said Commissioners ih writeing according to their said Charge, and according to the true intent of the said Grant of Subsidy and as to them in manner aforesaid hath beene declared and shewed by the Comissers, at which day and place soe to them prefixed if any of the said persons make defaulte, or appeare and refuse to make the said Certificate, then every of them soe offending [shall4] forfeite to the Kings Majestie Forty Shillings, (except there be a reasonable excuse of his default by reason of his sicknes, or otherwise by the Oathes of two credible persons there witnessed) And of such as appeare ready to make Certificate as is aforesaid, the said Commissioners there being shall t$ke and receive the same Certificate and every part thereof and the Names Values and Substance of every person soe certified, And if the said Comissers see cause reasonable they shall examine the said Presenters thereof, and thereupon the said Commissioners at the said dayes and places by their agreement amongst themselves shall from time to time there openly prefix a day at a certaine place or places within their respective limitts by their Discretion for their further proceeding to the said assessing of the same Subsidyes, and thereupon at the said day of the said Certificate as is aforesaid taken, the same Comissioivers shall make their Precept or Precepts to the Constables Sub-Constables Bayliffes or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other places aforesaid as the same CSmissers shall be of comprising and containing in the said Precepts the Names and Sirnames of all persons presented before them in the said Certificate, of whom if the said Commissioners or as many of them as are thereunto appointed by vertue of this Act shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater Value or Substance of Lands Goods Chattells or Summes of money oweing unto them, or other Substance aforesaid then is upon such person and persons soe certifyed and specified as aforesaid the same ComisSers shall make their Precept or Precepts directed to the Constables Bayliffes or other

A.D. 166X

15° Car. II. c. 9.

473

Officers commanding them to whom such Precept shall be directed to warne such persons whose names shall be comprized in the said Precepts at their Mansions or to their persons that the same persons named in such Precepts and every of them shall personally appeare before the said Commissioners at the said new prefixed day and place (1) by all wayes and meanes (other then by Corporali Oath) by the said ComisSers of their Substance and Value in manner as is aforesaid, and of all and every summes of money oweing to them and other whatsoever matter concerning the premisses or any of them according to this Act, at which day and place soe prefixed the said C5mis3ers then and there being, or as many of them as are, or shall be thereunto appointed by vertue of this Act shall cause to be called the said persons whose Names shall be comprized in the said Precept as is aforesaid for their examination, And if any of those persons which shall be warned as aforesaid to be examined (which at any time after the warning and before the day prefixed shall be within such place as he may have knowledge of his said appearance to be made) shall make defaulte and appeare not, unlesse a reasonable cause or excuse by the Oathes of two credible persons before the said Comissers be truely alledged for his discharge that then every of them soc makeing defaulte to be taxed and charged to the Kings Majestie with and at the double summe of the Rate that he should or ought to have beene sett at for and after the value aforesaid of his Lands or substance upon him certifyed if he had appeared by the discretion of the Comissers there being, which Comissers shall travell with every of the other persons soe then and there appearing whose names shall be expressed in the said Precept or Precepts, and to whom any vehement suspect was or shall be had in forme aforesaid by all wayes and meanes they can (other then by Corporali Oath) for the better knowledge of their value as aforesaid, either in Hereditaments or Possessions or else in Goods or Debts. And thereupon shall have power and Authority by vertue of this A & according to their discretions to enlarge and encrease the Taxation of such Persons as they shall soe finde by due examination to be of greater value or Substance in Lands or Goods then they were presented at, And that every Spirituall Person at every of the said Taxations of the (*) Subsidyes shall be rated and sett according to the Rate abovesaid of and for every pound that the same Spirituall Person or any other to his use hath by Descent Bargaine or Purchase in Fee Simple or Fee Tayle terme of Life, terme of yeares by Execution, or Copy of Court Roll in any Mannours Lands Tenements Rents Services Offices Fees Corodyes Annuityes and Hereditaments after the true just and yearely value thereof, And according as other the Kings Majestyes subjects borne within this Realme be charged in forme above remembred, soe that it extend to the yearely value of Twenty shillings or above in the Subsidy Booke,

Omth not allowed on Inquiry into the 8ubstance of Persons charged.

Persons named in the said Precept called upon, not appearing

Penalty, Double Rate.

On Inquiry into the Substance of Persons charged. Commissioners may increase Taxation. Spiritual Persons how to be rated for Temporal Possessions.

And it is further enacted That if the said Taxors or Assessors shall not duely behave themselves in their enquiry X.

taxation assessment or Certificate but shall affectionately corruptly or partially demeane themselves in (*) that behalfe, ^isbSaring in such wise that the ComisSers shall by their Considerations deeme them Offenders worthy of punishment for not Commissioners doeing their dutyes therein, That then sower or more of the Comissers in that County for the said Subsidy shall ^n^hem^™6 have power and authority by their discretions either to charge the said Assessors upon their Corporali Oathes for the better service aforesaid in that behalfe, or else by their Discretions to tax and sett upon the said Assessors for their misdemeanours in that behalfe such Fine or paine as they shall thinke good soe that it exceed not the Summe of ten pounds, And the same Fine [and4] paine at their Discretions to estrcate into the Court of Exchequer, every which To be estreated Fine soe taxed and sett by Fower of the said ComisSers or more, and being estreated with the Schedule [& Books4] "totIlcExchequer, of that Limitt shall be levyed and answered to the Kings use in like manner and forme to all intents and purposes as any other Summes that shall be taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute and Act of Subsidy and not in any other wise or manner, And if any person certifyed or rated by vertue of this AS, whether he be a Commissioner or other to any manner of value doth finde himselfe greived with the same presentment sessing or rateing, and Remedy for

thereupon complaine to the ComisSers before whom he shall be called sessed or taxed or before Two of them, b^t^yiSwcnt.

before the same taxation be certifyed in the Court of Exchequer, that then the said Commissioners or Two of

them shall by all wayes and meanes examine perticularly and distinctly the person soe complaining upon his Oath,

and other his Neighbours by their discretions of every his Lands and Tenements above specified and of every his Goods Chattells and Debts above-mentioned, And after due examination and perfect knowledge thereof had and perceived by the said ComisSers or Two of them which shall have power by [thee] Authoritie aforesaid, the said Comissers or any Two of them to whom such complaint shall be made by their discretions upon the Oath of the said persons soe complaining may abate defalk increase or inlarge the said assessments according as it shall appeare unto them just upon the same examination, And the same Summe soe abated defalked increased or enlarged shall be by them estreated in forme as is hereafter specifyed, And if it be proved by witnesses or by the partyes owne confession or other lawfull wayes or meanes within a yeare after any such Oath made that the same person soe rated and swome was of any better or greater value in Lands Goods or other things above specifyed at the time of his said Oath then the same person soe sworne did declare upon his Oath, That then every such person soe offending shall loose and forfeite to the Kings Majestye soe much lawfull money of England as he the same person soe swome was sett at, or taxed to pay

Commissioners may abate or increase Assessment.

False Oath of Value of Lands, &c.

Penalty.

And alsoc it is enacted by the same Authority That every person to be rated and taxed as is aforesaid shall XI.

be rated and sett, and the summe on him sett to be levyed at such place where he and his family were resident nted at such Place

for the most part of the yeare next before the same Presentment and the Taxation made and noe where else, Y*" *b»il be

. Commissioners)

And that noe Commissioner for his Subsidy shall be rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other Persons where

other place where he shall be Commissioner, And that if any Person chargeable by this AQt at the time of the

said Assessings happen to be out of this Realme and out of Wales or farr from the place where he shall be of the Ycsr

preceding.

Vni.. V.

6 E

15° Car. II. c.9.

A.D. 1663.

Absentees to be assessed where last abiding.

Rate to be according to the Substance of Persons liable.

Remedy for Commissioners and other Persons taxed in other Place than where they are Commissioners, or where resiant for most Part of the preceding Year.

Fee for Allowance.

XII. Double Charges not to be allowed.

Remedy in respect of Double Charges.

XIII.

Proviso for Persons having Two Mansions, or being Household Servants or Waiting Servants to the King or others. Persons unduly escaping Taxation

on Proof thereof before Commissioners or Barons of the Exchequer;

to be taxed at Double Value.

XIV.

The Power of Commissioners to tax other Commissioners, and also Assessors.

Barons and Persons of higher Estate taxed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord

knowne then he to be sett where he was last abideing within this Realme or in Wales and after the substance value or other profittts of every Person to be knowne by Examination Certificate or other manner of way as is aforesaid, And that the said respective Commissioners or as many of them as are or shall be appointed shall according to the respective powers given them and after the Rate and Rates aforesaid cause every person soe to be sett rated and taxed according to the [Rate of the1] substance and value of his Lands Goods Chattells and other proffitts chargeable by this Act whereby the greatest or best summe or summes according to his substance as aforesaid by reason of this Act might or may be sett or taxed, And that every person taxed in any County 6r place other then where he or his family were resiant for the most part of the yeare then next before, or in any County or place other then where he is a Commissioner for the Subsidy if he be a Commissioner upon Certificate made to the said Court of Exchequer under the hands and Seales of two Commissioners for the same Subsidy

in the same County or place where such person and his family were resiant for the most part of the yeare

then next before, or where he is a C5mis§er for the Taxation and payment of the same Subsidy, testifying his non resiance haveing a family or being a ComisSer shall be a sufficient discharge for the Taxation of that person in any other places, and of and for all other summes of Money upon such persons soe sett and taxed save onely the Taxations made in that County or place from which such Certificate shall be made as [is1] aforesaid and for the summe of Money upon such person there assessed or taxed. And that such Certificate without any Plea or other

circumstance shall be a sufficient Warrant aswell to the Barons and Auditor and Auditors of the said Court of

Exchequer as to all and every other Officers to whom the allowance thereof shall appertaine paying for such discharge and allowance onely six pence and noe more.

Provided alwayes That every such person that shall be rated or taxed according to the true meaning of this Act for paying of and to these Subsidyes for and after the yearely value of his Lands Tenements or other reall

Possessions or Proffitts at any of the said Taxations shall not after be sett and rated for his Goods and Chattells or

other moveable substance at the same Taxation, And that he that shall be sett charged or taxed for the same Subsidies for his Goods Chattells and other Moveables at any of the Taxations according to the true meaning of this Act shall not after be taxed, charged or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions or Proffitts aforesaid at the same Taxations or any of them. Nor that any person by any Taxation be doubly charged for the said Subsidyes nor sett or rated at severall places by reason of this Act, But if any person happen to be double

sett taxed or charged either in one place or at severall places, then he to be discharged of the one Taxation

and charged with the other according to the meaning and intent of this Act. Any thing contained in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it ordained and enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament That noe person haveing two Mansions or two places to resorte unto, or calling himselfe Household servant or Waiteing servant to the Kings Majestye or other Lord or Lady Master or Mistrisse be excused upon his saying from the Taxes of the said Subsidyes in neither of the said places where he may be sett or taxed unlesse he bring a Certificate in writeing from the C5misSers where he is soe sett or taxed indeed at one place, And if any person that ought to be sett and taxed to these present Subsidyes by reason of his removeing or resorting to two Places, or by reason of his saying that he was elsewhere taxed by reason of any Priviledge of his dwelling or abideing in any place not being foreprized in this Act or otherwise by his covin, or craft, or by any words or sayings, or otherwise, Or if any that is ComisSer or Assessor of others happen to escape from the said Taxations for the payment of these Subsidyes or any of them, and be not sett and taxed according to the true intent of this Act and that proved by Presentment [Information Examination1] or otherwise before the said Comissers or two of them or before the Barons of the Kings Majestyes Exchequer or two Justices of Peace of that County where such person dwelleth, Then every such person that by such meanes or otherwise willingly by covin or without just cause shall happen to escape from the said Taxations or payments aforesaid or any of them and shall not be rated taxed and sett shall be charged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof with and at the double value of soe much as he should might or ought to have beene sett or taxed at by vertue of this Act; And the same double value to be leavyed gathered and paid of his Goods and Chattells Lands and Tenements towards the said Subsidyes, And further to be punished according to the discretions of the said Barons Justices or Comissers before whom he shall be convicted for his offence and deceite in that busines,

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Comissers appointed by this Act and all other Comissers appointed by his Majestie which shall be or inhabit in any County or place within their respective Limitts or Commission or the more part of them shall have full power and Authority by this Act to sett taxe and sesse every other ComisSer joyned with them, And the said Comissers within their Division shall alsoe assesse every Assessor within their Division for his or their Goods Lands and other the Premisses as is abovesaid shall indifferently sett taxe and sesse themselves and the said Assessors, And that aswell the summes upon every of the said ComisSers and Assessors soe assessed rated and taxed as the summes made and presented by the Presenters as is abovesaid shall be written certifyed sett and estreated and the estreates thereof to be made with other the Inhabitants of that part, and within their respective Limitts and Division soe to be gathered and levyed in like manner as it ought and should have beene if the said Comissers had not beene nominated ComisSers, And that all persons of the Estate of a Baron or Baronesse and every Estate above shall be charged with their freehold and value as is aforesaid [by Edward Earle of Clarendon Lord Chauncellour of England Thomas Earle of Southampton

1 interlined on the Roll.

* Examinacon Information 0.

15° Car. II. c. 9.

475

Lord High Treasurer of England John Lord Roberts Lord Privy Seale Charles Duke of Richmond George Duke of Albemarle John Marquesse of Winchester, Mountague Earle of Lyndsey Lord Great Chamberlaine of England, Edward Earle of Manchester Lord Chamberlaine of His Majestyes Household William Earle of Bedford Richard Earle of Dorsett John Earle of Bridgewater James Earle of Northampton John Earle of Clare Thomas Earle of Cleaveland Thomas Earle Rivers Mountjoy Earle of Newport John Earle of Thannet Francis Viscount Mountague Charles Lord [Delaway1] George Lord Berkley of Berkeley George Lord Eure Philip Lord Wharton Henry Lord Arundell Charles Lord Howard of Charleton William Lord Craven Francis Lord Newport Christopher Lord Hatton Richard Lord Vaughan Thomas Lord Colpeper John Lord Lucas Robert Lord Lexington John Lord Berkley of Stratton Charles Lord Cornwallis and Anthony Lord Ashley or any seaven or more of them *] for the said severall payments of the said Subsidyes after the forme of the said Grant according to the Taxation aforesaid, And the Summes of and upon them to be taxed and sett with the names of the Collectors, [which Collectors shall be appointed by the Lord Chauncellour or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being*] for gathering and paying of them to be estreated delivered and certifyed at the dayes and places above specified [by the said Edward Earle of Clarendon Lord Chauncellour of England Thomas Earle of Southampton Lord High Treasurer of England John Lord Roberts Lord Privy Seale Charles Duke of Richmond George Duke of Albemarle John Marquesse of Winchester Mountague Earle of Lindsey Lord Great Chamberlaine of England Edward Earle of Manchester Lord Chamberlaine of His Majestyes Household William Earle of Bedford Richard Earle of Dorset John Earle of Bridgewater James Earle of Northampton John Earle of Clare Thomas Earle of Cleaveland Thomas Earle Rivers Mountjoy Earle of Newport John Earle of Thannet Francis Viscount Mountague Charles Lord Delawar George Lord Berkley of Berkley George Lord Eure Philip Lord Wharton Henry Lord Arundell Charles Lord Howard of Charleton William Lord Craven Francis Lord Newport Christopher Lord Hatton Richard Lord Vaughan Thomas Lord Culpeper John Lord Lucas Robert Lord Lexington John Lord Berkley of Stratton Charles Lord Comewallis and Anthony Lord Ashley or any seaven or more of them. *]

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That after the Taxes and Assesses of the said Sumes upon and by the said Assessing and Certificate as is aforesaid made the said respective Comissers or as many of them as shall be thereunto by this Act appointed, or have Authority by the Kings Majestyes C5mission shall with all speede and without delay by their writeing estreate the said Taxes thereof under the Seales and Signes Manuall of the said CdmisSers, or as many of them as shall be appointed at the least, And the same shall deliver unto sufficient and substantiall Inhabitants Constables Sub-Constables Bayliffes and other Officers joyntly of Hundreds Townes Parishes and other places aforesaid within their Limitts, And to other sufficient persons Inhabitants of the same onely by the Discretion of the said CSmissers with the assent of the High Collectors and as the places and partyes shall require aswell the perticular names and surnames as the Remembrance of all summes of Money taxed and sett of and upon every person aswell Man as Woman chargeable by (J) this Act Householders and all other Inhabitants and Dwellers within the said Parishes Townes and Places contributory to this Act of Subsidyes. By Authority of which Writeing and Estreate soe delivered the said Officers and other persons soe named and deputed severally shall have full power and authority by vertue of this Act immediately after the delivery of the said Writeing or Estreate to demand leavy and gather of every person therein specified the sume and sumes in the [said4] Writeing or Estreate comprised, and for non-payment thereof to destraine the same person or persons soe being behind by their Goods and Chattells, and the Distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of Eight dayes at the costs and charges of the Owner thereof, And if the said Owner doe not pay such summe of money as shall be taxed upon him or her by Authority of this Act within the same eight dayes, then the same Distresse to be appraised by Fower Three or Two of the Inhabitants where such Distresse is taken, and alsoe then to be sold by the Constables or other Collectors for the payment of the said money and the overplus comeing by the sale (if any be) over and besides the charge of keepeing the said Distresse to be iffiediately restored to the owner thereof which said Officers and other persons soe deputed to aske take gather and leavy the said Summes shall answere and be charged for the portion onely to them assigned and limitted to be gathered leavyed and comprized in the said Writeing or Estreate soe to them as aforesaid delivered to the use of our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie and His Heires and Successors, and the said Summe in that Writeing or Estreate to be comprized to pay unto the High Collector or Collectors of that place in manner and forme underwritten thereunto to be named and deputed, and the same Inhabitants and Officers soe gathering the same perticular summes for [the*] Collection thereof shall retaine for every Twenty shillings soe by them received and paid Two pence and that to be allowed at the payment of their Collection by them to be made to the High Collector or Collectors,

And further be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That such of the said ComisSers or the greater, part of

them [that6] shall take upon them the execution of this Act shall for every of the said payments of the said Subsidyes name such sufficient and able persons which then shall have and possesse Lands or other Hereditaments in their owne right of the cleare yearely value of Forty pounds, or Goods to the value of Fower hundred pounds at the least as he shall be taxed in the Subsidy Booke (if any such be in the said Limitts) and for want of such soe assessed then those to be appointed Collectors that then shall be sufficient and rated and taxed in the Subsidy Bookes in Lands and Goods neerest to the values aforesaid as by their Discretions shall be thought good in Shires Rideings Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cittyes Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places aswell within places priviledged as without not being foreprized in this Act to be high Collector And to have the Collection and

Receipt of the said Summes sett and levyable within the Precincts Limitts and Bounds where they shall be soe

Treasurer, and other Persona herein named.

Rate to be estreated and certified.

XV.

Rates to be estreated under the Seal and Sign Manual of the Commissioners, and Estreat delivered to sufficient Inhabitants, See. of Hundreds, Ire.

By virtue of Estreat Officers, fee. to levy Rate.

Distress.

If Rate not paid in Eight Days, then Distress to be appraised and sold.

Officers, Src. to answer for the Portiou limited to them only.

Allowance to Officers on Rate

received.

XVI. Commissioners may appoint Persons;

to be High Collector*.

1 Delawar 0.

• annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

3 by 0. 4 same 0. * their 0. • as O.

476

15° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1663.

Commissioners to deliver Estreats under their Seals and Sign Manual to Collectors.

Collectors to answer the Sums comprized io Estreat.

XVII. Commissioners to take Recognizances of Collectors.

Condition of Recognizance for Two first Subsidies.

Condition of Recognizance of Two last Subsidies.

Commissioners to certify Recognizances, &c. into the Exchequer.

Penalty £io. Collector not making Recognizance, Penalty £20.

Exchequer to cancel Recognizances on Payment of Collection into Exchequer without Fee.

Collector may appoint Days and Places for Payment of Collection. Assessor, &c. not paying Collection to High Collectors,

with Allowance of sd. in the Pound of Collection.

Distress.

Proceedings

thereon.

XVIII. Persons having been Collectors of First Subsidy not to be appointed Collectors of Second Subsidy unless they shew Quietus est.

Penalty £ 100.

limitted and appointed to be High-Collectors, And to every of the said Collectors soe severally named the said ComisSers or two of them at the least with all speede and without delay after the said whole Summe of any payment of the said Subsidies be sett by all their respective Limitts, or in such Limitts as the high Collector shall be soe severally assigned shall under their Seales and Signes Manuall deliver one Estreate indented in Parchment compriseing in it the names of all such persons as were assigned to leavy the said perticular summes and the summes of every Hundred Wapentake Towne or other Place aforesaid with the names and surnames of the persons soe chargeable according to the Estreate soe thereof first made and delivered as is aforesaid, And the Collectors to be assigned shall be charged to answere the whole Summe comprized in the said Estreats limitted to his Collection as is aforesaid

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That the said ComisSers haveing Authority by this Act to name and nominate the said High Collectors of every the said Subsidyes shall immediately upon their nomination and election take by Authority of this present Parliament sufficient Recognizances or Obligations without any Fee or Reward to be paid therefore of every person soe by them to be named to be High Collectors to be bound to the Kings Majesty in the double Summe of the Summe of his Collection, And to be endorsed and

made upon such Condition (that is to say) for the Collection of the payment of the said Two first of the said

Fower Subsidies that if the said Collector his Heires or Executors doe truely content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires [and1] Successors in the Receipt of the said Exchequer at or before the First day of November now next comeing soe much of the said Summe of money allotted and appointed to his Collection as he shall collect and gather and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge within one Moneth [next*] after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same Residue, that then the said Recognizance or Obligation to be void or else to stand in full strength and vertue. And for the collection of the said Two last of the said

Fower Subsidyes upon Condition that if the said Collector his Heires or Executors doe truely content and pay to

the use of the Kings Majestie His Heires or Successors in His Receipt of Exchequer at or before the First day of May then next following soe much of the said Summe of money allotted and appointed to his Collection as he shall collect and gather and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge within one Moneth next after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same Residue that then the [same3] Recognizances or Obligations to be void or else to stand in full strength and vertue; Which said severall Recognizances or Obligations soe taken the said Comissers shall severally certifie and deliver into the Kings Majestyes Exchequer with the severall

Certificates of the said Taxations and Rates of the payments of the said Subsidyes at and by the times to them

prescribed and appointed by this Act for the Certificate of the said severall Taxations of the said Subsidy upon paine of forfeiture of Ten pounds to the Kings Majestie for every Recognizance or Obligation not soe certified. And

that every Collector soe elected named and chosen upon request to him made shall knowledge and make the said

Recognizance or Obligation upon paine of forfeiture of Twenty pounds to the Kings Majestie for refusall thereof, And that the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the time being upon payment of the said severall

Collections of the Subsidyes at the dayes and times herein limited for the payment thereof, shall cancell and deliver

the Recognizances or Obligations for the payment thereof to the Collector or Collectors without any other Warrant

and without any Fee or Reward to be paid for the same to any person, And every Collector soe deputed haveing

the said Estreate in Parchment as is aforesaid shall have Authoritie by this Act to appoint dayes and places within

the circuit of his Collection for the payment of the said Subsidyes to him to be made, And thereof to give warning

by Proclamation or otherwise to all the Constables or other Persons or Inhabitants haveing the charge of the perticular Collection within the Hundreds Parishes Townes or other places by him or them limitted to make payment of the said perticular Collection of every Summe as to them shall appertaine, And if at the same day and place soe limitted and prefixed by the said High Collector, the said Constable Officers or (4) other Persons or Inhabitants as is aforesaid for the said perticular Collection assigned and appointed within such Hundred Citty Towne or other place due and comprised in the said Estreate thereof to them delivered by the said ComisSers or some of them as is aforesaid or soe much thereof as they have by any meanes received two pence for every pound for the said perticular Collection as is aforesaid alwayes thereof to be allowed, excepted and abated that then it shall be lawfull to the said High Collectors and every of them and to their Assignes to destraine every of the said Constables Officers and other Inhabitants for their severall and perticular Collection of the said Summe comprised in the said Estreate and Writeing thereof to them and every of them as is before expressed delivered, or for soe much of the same Summe as soe then shall happen to be gathered and levyed and behind and unpaid by the Goods and Chattells of every of them soe being behinde, And the Distresse soe taken to be kepte and appraised and sold as is aforesaid, And thereof to take and leavy the Summes soe then being behinde and unpaid. And

the overplus comeing of the Sale of the said Distresse (if any be) to be restored and delivered to the owner in

forme above remembred

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe person or persons shall be nominated or appointed to be High Collector or Collectors for the two last of the said Fower Subsidyes granted by this Act which before that time hath beene a Collector or Collectors [of5] the two first of the said Fower Subsidyes or either of them unlesse such person or persons soe to be nominated or appointed High Collector or Collectors for the said two first of the said Fower Subsidyes doe first shew forth before him or them by whom [they6] shall be nominated and appointed his Quietus est for his discharge of his Collection before appointed to his discharge upon paine of One hundred pounds to be paid and forfeited by him or them that shall soe nominate and appoint any such Collector contrary to this present Act,

15° Car. II. c.9.

477

Provided alwayes That noe person inhabiting in any Citty Burrough or Towne Corporate shall be compelled to be any Assessor or Collector of or for any part of the said Subsidyes in any place or places out of the said Citty Burrough or Towne Corporate where he dweleth

And it is alsoe by the said Authoride enacted That if any Inhabitants or Officers or whatsoever person or persons charged to and for the Collection and Receipt of any part or portion of the said Subsidyes by any manner of meanes according to this Act or any person or persons for themselves or as Keeper Guardian, Deputie, Fador or Attourney of or for any other person or persons for any Goods or Chattells of the Owner thereof at the time of the assessing to be paid being out of this Realme or in any other parts not knowne, or of and for the Goods and Chattells of any other person or persons of any Corporation Fraternity Mistery or other whatsoever Comonaltie being Corporate or not Corporate and all persons haveing in their Rule Governance and Custody any Goods or Chattells at the time of the said Assessing or any of them to be made or which for any cause for and by Collection or for himselfe or for any other, or by reason that he hath the Rule Governance [and'] Custodie of any Goods or Chattells of any other person or persons Corporations Comonaltie Fratemitie Guild or Misterie or any such other like or as Fador Deputy or Attourney of or for any person shall be taxed valued rated and sett to any Summe and Summes by reason of this Act, And after the Taxation and assessing upon any such person or persons as shall be charged with the receipt of the same happen to dye, or depart from the place where he was taxed and sett, or his Goods or Chattells to be soe eloyned or in such privy or covert manner kept as the same person or persons charged with thefeame by Estreates or [or*] other Writeings from the said Comissers or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the said Comission as is aforesaid can nor may leavy the same Summe and Summes comprised within the same Estreates by Distresse within the limitts of their Collection as is aforesaid, or cannot sell such Distresse or Distresses as be taken for any the said Payments before the time limitted to the High Collector for his payment to be made in the Kings Majestyes Receipt then upon relation thereof with due examination by the Oath, or examination of such person or persons as shall be charged with and for the Receipt and Collection of the same before the said CdmisSers, or as many of them as by the said Comission shall be thereunto appointed where such person or persons or other (as is aforesaid) their Goods and Chattells were sett and taxed, and upon plaine Certificate thereof made unto the Kings Majestyes Exchequer by the same Cdmissers aswell of the Dwelling place Names and Summes of the said persons of whom the same Summes cannot be levyed and had as is aforesaid, then aswell the Constable and other Inhabitants appointed for the same perticular Collection against the High Collector as the High Collector upon his Account and Oath in the said Exchequer to be discharged thereof, and Processe to be made for the Kings Majestie out of the same Exchequer by the discretion of the Barons of the same Exchequer against such person his Heires or Executors soe being behind with his payment, And alsoe that the same ComisSers to whom any such Declaration of the Premisses shall be made in forme aforesaid from time to time shall have full power and authority to direct their Precept or Precepts to the said person or persons charged with any summe of for and upon any such person and persons or other as is aforesaid, or to any SherifFe Steward Bayliffe or other whatsoever Officer Minister person or persons of such place or places or any such person or persons soe oweing any such summe or summes shall have Lands or Tenements and other Hereditaments or reall Possessions Goods and Chattells whereby any such person or persons soe indebted his Heires Executors or Assignes or other haveing the Custodie Governance or Disposition of any Goods or Chattells Lands Tenements or other Hereditaments which ought or may by this Act be lawfully distrained or taken for the same hath and shall have Goods Chattells Lands Tenements or other Possessions, whereof such summe and summes which by any such person or persons may or ought to be levyed, be it within the limitts of such Cdmission where such person or persons was or were taxed or without in any place within this Realme of England Wales [or4] other the Kings Majestyes Dominions [Marshes4] or Territoryes by which Precept aswell such person or persons shall be charged to leavy such money as the Officer of the place or places where such Distresse may be taken shall have full power and authoritie to destraine every such person indebted charged or chargeable by this Act or his Executors or Administrators of his Goods and Chattells his Guardians Fadors Deputyes Lessees' Farmers and Assignes, and all other persons by whose hands or out of whose Lands any such person should have Fee Rent Annuity or other Proffitt, or which at the time of the said Assessing shall have Goods or Chattells or any other thing moveable of any such person or persons being indebted or owing such summe, and the Distresses soe taken cause to be kepte appraised and sold in like manner and forme as is aforesaid for the Distresse to be taken upon such persons to be taxed to the said Subsidyes and be insufficient to destraine within the Limitts of the Collectors Inhabitants or other Officers charged with or for the said Summes soe upon them to be taxed, And if any such Distresse for non payment happen to be taken out of the [Limitts5] of the said persons charged and assigned to leavy the said persons soe charged for the leavying of any such summes by distresse shall perceive and take of the same Distresse for the labour of every person goeing for the execution of every Mile that every person soe laboureth for the same Two pence, And every Farmer Guardian Tennant Factor or other whatsoever person being destrained or other person charged for payment of any such summe or summes or any other summe by reason of this Act shall be of such summe or summes of him or them soe levyed and taken discharged and acquitted at his next day of payment for the same or at the delivery of such Goods and Chattells as he that is soe destrained had in his custodie or governance against him or them that shall be soe taxed and sett Any Grant or Writeing Obligatory or other whatsoever matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstanding.

1 or 0. • 0. omit*. and 0. 4 Marches 0. * Limitt 0.

6 F

XIX. Person* living in Cities, Slc. not to be Collector* or Assessors out

of them.

XX. Persons after being charged with Receipt of Assessment, dying or removing or concealing their Goods;

or when Monies comprized in Estreat cannot be levied by Distress;

or where Distress cannot be sold.

Process out of the Exchequer and the Commissioners may direct Precepts to Officer to levy such Money.

Who may distrain.

Distress to be appraised and sold.

If Distress taken out of Limit assigned. Allowance.

Persons charged to be discharge? by Distress.

47 8

15° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1663.

XXI. Persons distrained having no Lands,

&c.

Proceedings.

Imprisonment until Sums due, and also Fee for Arrest, paid.

Officer not executing Process}

Penalty 20s.

Gaoler suffering Escape;

Penalty 40s. and Double Value of Rate and Fees. Like Process for Subsidies due by any Person charged for another unpaid.

In default of

Payment,

Imprisonment.

Certificate by Commissioners.

Persons suspected to be not indifferently taxed refusing to appear or be examined.

Penalty 40s. or under, at Discretion of Commissioners. Commissioners may punish by Imprisonment.

XXII. Allowance to High Collectors upon their Accounts.

Allowan %e to be paid by Collectors to Commissioners for Expences and Labour of their Clerks.

And if any such person that should be soe destrained have noe Lands or Tenements sufficient whereby he or his Tennants and Farmers may be destrained or have aliened eloyned or hid his Goods and Chattells whereby he should or might be destrained in such manner that such Goods or Chattells should not be knowne or found soe that the summe of or by him to be paid in the said forme shall not nor can be conveniently leavyed then upon relation thereof to the Comissers or soe many of them as by this Act or the said Cdmission shall be thereunto appointed where such person or persons was taxed and sett by the Oathes of him or them that shall be charged with the leavying and payment of that summe or summes the said ComisSers shall make a Precept in such manner

as is aforesaid for to attach take and arreast the body of such person or persons that ought to pay the said

summes, And by this Act shall be charged with and for the said summe and summes and them soe taken safely to keepe in Prison within the Shire or other place where any such person or persons shall be taken and attached there to remaine without baile or mainprize untill they have paid the said summe or summes that such person

for himselfe or for any other by this Act shall be chargeable or ought to be charged withall, And alsoe for the

Fees of every such Arreast to him or them that shall execute such Precept twenty pence, And that every Officer unto whom such Precept shall be directed doe his true diligence and execute the same upon every person soe being indebted upon paine to forfeite to the Kings Majestie for every defaulte in that behalfe Twenty shillings, And that noe Keeper of any Goale from his Goale suffer any [such1] person or persons to goe at large by letting to baile or otherwise to depart out of his Prison before he have beene paid his said debt and the said Twenty pence for his arreast upon paine to forfeite to the Kings Majestie Forty shillings, And the said Gaoler to pay to the Kings Majestie the double value aswell of the Rate which the said [person soe imprisoned1] was taxed at as of the said Twenty pence for the Fees, And like Processe and Remedy in like forme shall be granted by the said Comissers or as many of them as by this A & or the said Commission shall be thereunto appointed at like information of every person or persons being charged with any summe of money for any other person or persons by reason of the said Subsidyes and not thereof paid but wilfully withdrawen, nor the same leavyable within the Limitts where such persons were thereunto taxed, And if the summe or summes being behinde unpaid by any person or persons as is aforesaid be leavyed and gathered by force of the said Processe to be made by the said Comissers, or if in defaulte, or for lacke of payment thereof the person or persons soe oweing the said summe and summes of money by Processe of the same Comissers to be made as is aforesaid be cdmitted to Prison in forme abovesaid That then the said Comissers which shall award such Processe shall make Certificate thereof in the said Exchequer of that shall be done in the Premisses in the Terme next following after such summe or summes of money soe being behind shall be leavyed and gathered, or such person or persons for non-payment of the same committed to Prison, And if it happen any of the said Collectors to be assigned or any Maiors Sheriffes Stewards Constables the Headborough Burseholder Bayliffe or any other Officer or Minister or other whatsoever person or persons to disobey the said ComisSers or any of them in the reasonable request to them made by the said Comissers for the execution of the said Comission, or if any of the Officers or other persons doe refuse that to them shall appertaine and belong to doe by reason of any Precept to him or them to be directed or any reasonable Commandment Instance or Request touching the premisses, or other defaulte in any Appearance or Collection to make, or if any person [be1] suspeSed not to be indifferently taxed as is aforesaid doe refuse to be examined according to the tenour of this AS before the said C5missers or as many of them as shall be thereunto assigned as is aforesaid or will not appeare before the said CdmisSers upon warning to him made or else make resistance or rescues upon any Distresse upon him to be taken for any parcell of the said Subsidyes, or committ any misdemeanour in any manner or wise contrary to this AS, or committ any wilfiill omission, or other whatsoever wilfiill doeing or misdoeing contrary to the tenour of this AS or Grant, The same Comissers and every number of them above remembred or two of them at the least upon certaine knowledge of any such misdemeanours had, by Information or Examination shall and may sett upon every such Offender for every such Offence in the name of a Fine by the same Offender to be forfeited Forty shillings or under by discretion of the same Cfimissers, And further the said Comis§ers and every number of them or two of them at the least shall have Authority by this present AS to punish every such Offender by Impisonment there to remaine and to be delivered by their discretion as shall seeme to them convenient, the said Fines if any such be to be certified by the said ComisSers that soe assessed the same into the Kings Majestyes Exchequer there to be levyed and paid by the ColleSors of that part for the said Subsidyes returned into the said Exchequer to be therewith charged with the payment of the said Subsidyes in such manner as if the said Fines had beene sett and taxed upon the said Offenders for the said Subsidyes;

And be it alsoe enacted by the said Authority of this present Parliament That every of the said High Collectors which shall account for any part of the said Subsidies in the said Exchequer upon their severall Accounts to be yeilded, shall be allowed at every of the said payments of the said Subsidyes for every pound limitted to his Collection whereof any such Collector shall be charged and yeild Account Six pence as parcell of their charge that is to say of every pound thereof for such person as then have had the perticular Collection of the Townes and other places as is aforesaid specify ed in his Collection Two pence, And other Two pence of every pound thereof every of the said cheife Collectors or their Accomptants to retaine to their owne use for their labour and charge in and about the premisses. And two pence of every pound residue to be delivered allowed and paid by the said Collector soe being thereof allowed to such of the Chinissers as shall take upon them the busines and labour for and about the premisses that is to say every Collector to pay that C5misser or Comissers which had the ordering of the Writeings of and for every of the said Subsidyes where the said Collector or Collectors had

479

their Collection for the expences of the said Comissers soe takeing upon them the said busines and labour of the Clerks writeing the said Precepts and Extracts of the said Collections the said last Two pence of every pound to be divided amongst the said ComisSers haveing regard to their labour and busines taken by them and their said Clerks in and about the premisses, for which part soe to the said ComisSers appertaining, the said Comissers Six Five Fower Three or Two or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by this Act, or the Kings Majestyes Comission, and every of them joyntly and severally for his and their said part may have his remedy against the ColleCfcor or Collectors which thereof have beene or might have beene allowed by Action of Debt, in which the Defendant shall not wage his Law, neither Protection nor Injunction [nor '] Essoigne shall be allowed. And that noe person now being of the number of the Company of this present Parliament nor any ComisSer shall be named or assigned to be any Collector or Subcollector or Presenter of the said Subsidyes or any part thereof, nor any ComisSers shall be compelled to make any Presentment or Certificate other then into the Kings Majestyes [said1] Exchequer of for or concerning the said Subsidyes or any part or parcell thereof, And likewise that noe other person that shall be named and assigned to be C5mis§ers in any place to and for the execution of this Act of Subsidyes be or shall be assigned or named Head Collector of any of the Payments of the said Subsidyes neither of any part thereof. And that every such person and persons which shall be named and appointed as is aforesaid to be Head Collector of and for the payment of the said Two first Subsidyes or of any part thereof shall not be compelled to be Collector for the payment of the said two last Subsidyes nor any part thereof, And the said Collectors which shall be assigned for the Collection of the said Fower Subsidyes or of any part thereof and every of them [be and *] shall be acquitted and discharged of all manner of Fees and Rewards and of every other charge in the Kings Majestyes Exchequer or concerning the same to be asked, And that if any person receive or take any Fees Rewards or Pleasures of any such Accomptants or use any unnecessary delay in their Account that then he shall forfeite to the Kings Majestie for every penny or value of every pennyworth Five shillings and Five pounds to the party greived for every such delay and suffer Imprisonment at the Kings Majestyes pleasure And after every taxeing and assessing of the said severall Subsidies as is aforesaid had or made and the said Extrads thereof in Parchment unto the Collector in manner and forme before rehearsed delivered the said Comissers which shall take upon them the execution of this Act within theire respective Limitts by their agreement shall have meeteings together, at which meeteing every of the said Comissers which then shall have taken upon them the execution of any part of this Act shall by himselfe or his sufficient Deputie truely certifie and bring forth unto the said Comissers named by this Act or in the said Comission the Certificate and Presentment made before him and such other Cdmissers as were limitted with him in one Limitt, soe as the same Certificate may be accounted and cast with the other Certificates within their respective Limitts, And then the said Cdmissers and every number of them unto two at the least as is aforesaid if any be in life, or their Executors or Administrators of their goods (if they then be dead) shall joyntly and severally as they were divided within their Limitts under their Seales by their Discretions make one or severall writeings indented containing in it aswell the names of the said Collectors by the Cdmissers for such Collections and Accounts in the Exchequer and payments in the said receipt deputed and assigned as the grosse and severall summes written unto every such Collectors to receive the said Subsidyes And alsoe all Fines Amerciaments and other Forfeitures if any such by reason of this Act happen to be within their respective Limitts and PrecinCts to be certified into the Kings Majestyes said Exchequer by the said Cdmissers, in which writeing or writeings indented soe to be certified shall be plainely declared and expressed the whole matter and entire sume or sumes of the said Subsidyes severally limitted to the Collection of the said Collectors severally deputed and assigned to the said summes soe as none of the said Collectors soe certifyed into the Exchequer shall be compelled there

to accompt or be charged but onely to and for the summes limitted to his Collection, and not to or for any

summe limitted to the Collection of his Fellowes, But every of them shall be severally charged for their part limitted to their Collection, And if the said respective Cdmissers amongst themselves in that matter cannot agree, or if any of them be not ready or refuse to make Certificate with the other of the same Comissers that then the said Cdmissers may make severall Indentures in forme aforesaid of their severall Limitts or Seperations of Collectors within their respective Limitts upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like Divisions within their respective Limitts as the places there shall require to be severed and divided and as to the same Cdmissers shall seeme good, to make Divisions or other Limits or Collections for the severall charges of the same Collectors, soe that alwayes one Collector shall be charged and accompt for his part to him to be limitted onely by himselfe and not for any summe limitted to the part of any of his Fellowes, And the charges of every of the Collectors to be sett and certified severally upon them, And every such Collector upon his accompt and payment of the summe of money limitted within his Collection to be severally by himselfe acquitted and discharged in the said Exchequer without paying any manner of Fees or Rewards to any person or persons for the same

upon paine and penalty last above mentioned and not to be charged for any portion of any other Collector, And

if any Comisser after he hath taken Certificate of them, that as is aforesaid shall be before any ComisSers examined and the Sumes rated and sett and the Bookes and Writeings thereof being in his hands, or if any Collector or other person charged with any Receipt of any part of the said Subsidyes or any other person taxed or otherwise by this Act charged with or for any parcell of the said Subsidyes or with any other Summe Fine Amerciament Penalty or other Forfeiture happen to dye before the Comissers Collectors or other whatsoever person or persons have executed accomplished satisfyed or sufficiently discharged that which to every such person shall appertaine or belong to doe according to this Act, then the Executors and Heires of every such person and all [others3 ] seised of any Lands and Tenements that any such person being charged by this Act, and disceasing

Remedy for the same for Commissioner! against Collectors.

Commissioners, &c* not compellable to make Presentments other than to Exchequer.

Head Collectors of Two first Subsidies not compellable to be Collectors of Two last.

Taking Fees of Accountants.

Penalty.

Imprisonment.

Commissioners at Meetings to shew Certificates and Presentments to the other Commissioners.

Indenture of Collectors Names, and of Sums written to Collectors, Fines, &c. to be certified by Commissioners into the Exchequer.

Collectors answerable for their own Collection only.

Commissioners, if they cannot agree, &c. may make several Indentures.

Collectors not chargeable for other Collectors.

Commissioners or Collectors, or Persons taxed, dying before discharged, Heirs and Executors chargeable as such Persons would hare been if alive.

15° Car. II. c. 9.

j4.D.\66S.

Commissioners not thinking fit to join in one Certificate, Proceedings.

Commissioners making default of Certificate, Process out of Exchequer against them.

before he be discharged thereof, or any other to his use onely had of an estate of Inheritance at the time that any such person was named Comisser, Collector or otherwise charged with or for any manner of thing to be done satisfyed or paid by reason of this Act, And all those that have in their possession or hands any Goods Chattells Leases or other things that were to any such person or persons at the time of his death or any Lands or Tenements that were the same persons at the time that he was as is aforesaid charged by this Act shall be by the same compelled and charged to doe and accomplish in every case as the same person soe being charged should have done or might have beene compelled to doe if he had beene in plaine life after such Rate of the Lands and Goods of the said Comisser and Collector as the party shall have in his hands, And if the said CdmisSers for causes reasonable them moveing shall thinke it not fitt to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaid, then the said person or persons that shall first joyne together or he that shall first certifie the said Writeing indented as is aforesaid shall certifie all the names of the ComisSers of that respective Division, Whereupon such Writeing shall be there then to be certifyed with division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tythings and other places to and among such Comissers of the same Division with the names of the said Comissers where such Seperadons and Divisions shall be, with the grosse Summes of money aswell of and for the said Subsidyes, and taxed or sett of or within the said Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other places to him or them divided or assigned that shall soe certifie the said first Writeings, as of the Fines Amerciaments Penaltyes and other Forfeitures if any happen to be within the same limitts whereof the same Writeings shall be certifyed And after such Writeings indented which as is aforesaid shall be certifyed and not containe in it the whole and full summes sett and taxed within the respective Limitts of the said Comissers, the other Comissers before the day of payment of the said Subsidy shall certifie into the said Exchequer by their Writeing or Writeings indented to be made as is aforesaid the grosse and severall summes sett and taxed within the places to them limitted for every of the said Subsidyes and other Fines Amerciaments Penaltyes and Forfeitures with the names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other places to them assigned or else by their said Writeings indented to certifie at the same place before the same day of payment such reasonable causes for their excuses why they may not make such Certificate of and for the said Subsidyes Fines Amerciaments and other Forfeitures growing or sett by reason of the causes of their letts or for their not certifying as is aforesaid or else in defaulte thereof Processe to be made out of the Kings Majestyes said Exchequer against the said Comissers and every of them not makeing Certificate as is aforesaid by the direction of the Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequer.

XXIII. Proviso for Stamford Baron.

XXIV. Persons having Spiritual and Temporal Possessions, and also Personal Property, not to be doubly charged.

XXV. Exception for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

XXVI. Proviso for Patents of Liberties, Sec. to Cities, &c.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Inhabitants of the Parish of St Martins called Stamford Baron in the Suburbs of the Burrough and Towne of Stamford in the South part of the Waters there called Wellands which hereafter shall be contributary to the payment of these present Subsidyes granted to the Kings Majesde His Heires and Successors shall be assessed rated and taxed for the same by such Comissers which shall be appointed for the taxing rateing and assessing of the same Subsidyes within the County of Lincolne, and shall be for the same contributary and pay the said Subsidyes to the Collector or Collectors which shall be assigned and appointed for the leavying and gathering of the same with the Aldermen and Burgesses of the same Burrough and Towne of Stamford,

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons haveing Mannours Lands Tenements and other Hereditaments chargeable to the payment of the said Subsidyes granted to the Kings Majestie by this Act, And alsoe haveing Spirituall Possessions charged to His Majestie by any Grant made or to be made by the Clergy of this Realme in their Convocation, and over this haveing Substance in Goods and Chattells chargeable by the said Act That then if any of the said person or persons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mannours Lands and Tenements and Spirituall Possessions, and alsoe charged assessed and taxed for his and their Goods and Chattells That then he or they shall be onely charged by vertue of this Act for his and their said Mannours Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Spirituall Possessions, or onely for his said Goods and Chattells, the best thereqf to be taken for the Kings Majestie and not to be charged for both, or doubly charged for any of them, Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

Provided alwayes That this grant of Subsidyes nor any thing therein contained in any wise extend not to charge the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey and Guernsey or any of them or for or concerning any Mannours Lands Tenements or other Possessions Goods Chattells and other moveable Substance which the said Inhabitants or Dwellers or any others to their use have within Scotland Ireland Jersey and Gamsey or in any of them, or of for or concerning any Fees or Wages which any of the said Inhabitants or Dwellers have of the Kings Majesty for their attendance and doeing service to our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestye in Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnsey or any of them, Any thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe That all Letters Patents granted by the Kings Majestie or any of His Noble Progenitors to any Cittyes Burroughes or Townes within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Exemptions from the burthen and charge of any such Grants of Subsidyes which be at this present time in force and availeable shall remaine good and effectuall to the said Cittyes Burroughes and Townes hereafter according to the purports thereof Although the Inhabitants of the same and alsoe the said Corporations shall upon the great and weighty Considerations of the Grant aforesaid be for this Grant charged and contributary in like manner forme and sorte as other Cittyes Burroughes and Townes which be not in any wise priviledged but by this Act charged

A.D. 166*3.

15° Car. II. c. 9, 10.

481

SBBBBBSBBSSSSBaBB

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Orphan or Infant within the age of One and twenty yeares borne within any of the Kings Majestyes Dominions shall be charged to any payment of these Subsidyes for his or their Goods or Chattells to him or her left or bequeathed Any thing in this A & contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alsoe That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to the Lands or Goods of any Colledge Hall or Hostell within the Universityes of Oxford and Cambridge or either of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Winton founded by Bishop Wickham, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Eaton next Windsor, or to the Lands Tenements or Revenues onely assigned and appointed for the sustentation and liveing of the poore Knights founded in the Castle or Colledge of Windsor by our late Soveraigne Lord King Henry the Eighth or to any the Goods or Chattells of the same Knights or any of them or to the Goods or Lands of any Common Free Grammer Schoole within the Realme of England and Wales or the Goods of any Reader Schoole master or Schollar or any Graduate Resiant or remaining for Study without Fraude or Covin within any the said Universityes and Colledges of Oxford and Cambridge or to any of them, or to any of their servants tending dayly upon any of them, or to the Goods and Lands of any Hospitall Meason dieu or Spitle House prepared and used for the sustentation and releife of poore people Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Alien or Stranger borne Denizen or not Denizen and dwelling and inhabiting within this Realme of England shall assigne and convey over unto his or their Childe or Children borne within the said Realme of England any his or their Lands Tenements Goods or Chattells to the intent thereby to defraud the Kings Majestie of the said Subsidyes of or for the same, that then all and every such Childe and Children soe being seised of any such Lands and Tenements and possessed of any such Goods or Chattells shall be charged and chargeable to and with the payment of double the said Subsidyes for the same Lands Tenements Goods and Chattells at the said Rates and Values as Aliens and Strangers Denizens or not Denizens are before limitted and appointed to pay,

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted That the said Grant of Subsidyes or any thing therein contained doe not in any wise extend or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to any of the Inhabitants or Resiants haveing dwelt for the most part of the yeare next before the taxeing and assessing of the Subsidyes aforesaid within the Five Ports Corporate or to any their Members incorporated or united to the said Five Ports or to any of the said Five Ports, But that such the Inhabitants or Resiants as aforesaid in the said Five Ports Corporate and their Members bfe and shall be of and from the said Grant and Payment of every of the said Subsidyes and every part thereof and onely dureing their Resiance as aforesaid and noe longer, clearely acquitted and discharged, Any matter or whatsoever thing in this present Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding$

Provided alsoe That the said Grant of Subsidyes doe not in any wise extend to be prejudiciall or hurtfull to the English Inhabitants or Resiants at this present time within the Libertyes of Rumney Marsh of or for any part of the said Summes granted in this present Parliament of the said English Inhabitants now there Resiants or any of them to be taxed sett asked levyed or paid, But that the English Inhabitants and now Resiants of Rumney Marsh aforesaid and every of them be and shall be of and from the Grant [& Payment*] of the said Subsidyes dureing their Resiance there and noe longer acquitted and discharged, Any matter and whatsoever thing in this present Act made to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided and bee it further enacted and declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the better Directions of the said ComisSers in the due execution of this Act there shall be a restri&ion as to the reall Value of Lands and Goods by haveing regard to Debts and other necessary Expences, And with relation to former Presidents of Subsidyes is the Raignes of King James and King Charles the first in the manner of taxing and levying thereof.

XXVII. Oiphani and Infants not chargeable to Subsidies.

XXVIII. Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, Winchester College and Eaton College, the Poor Knights of Windsor,

Free Schools and Reader, &c. in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and Ho»pitals, See. not chargeable.

XXIX.

Alien or Denizen assigning his Lands, &c. to his Child, with Intent to defraud the Subsidy, such Child chargeable as an Alien.

XXX. Inhabitants of Cinque Ports for the most Part of the Year before the Grant not chargeable during Resiance.

XXXI. Inhabitants of Rumney Marsh in like manner not chargeable.

XXXII. Regard to be had to Debts and former Subsidies

CHAPTER X.

An Act for confirming of Fower Subsidyes granted by the Clergy.

r XX THE REAS the Prelates and Clergy of the Province of Canterbury for diverse weighty Considerations respecting L V V His Majesty es extraordinary Occasions have loveingly and liberally given and granted to the Kings most Excellent Majestie Fower whole and intire Subsidyes of Fower shillings in the pound to be taken and levyed of all and singular their Promotions Spirituall within the same Province at such dayes and times and in such certaine manner and forme and with such Exceptions and Provisions as are spedfyed and declared in a certaine Instrument by them thereof made, and delivered unto the Kings Majesty under the Seale of the Right Reverend Father in God Gilbert Lord Bishop of London, which Instrument is now exhibited in this present Parliament to be ratyfyed and confirmed, the tenoure whereof ensueth in these words,1]

Excellentissimo et Potentissimo in Christo Prindpi, et Domino nostro Clementissimo Domino Carolo secundo Dei gra Anglie Scde Frande et Hibemie Regi Fidd Defensori &c Gilbertus permissione Divina London Episcopus presentis Sacre Synodi sive Convocationis Prelatoru et Cleii Cantuariensis Provincial Presidens sive locu teneiig

Roi.Parl.ifC.II. p, 1. nu. a.

Redtal of Gnat of Four entire Subsidies given by the Clergy of Canterbury.

Tenor of the Instrument.

6 G

15° Car. II. c. 10.

A.D. 166S.

Prelates, &c. of Province of Canterbury assembled m Convocation,

grant Four whole Subsidies of 4s. in the Pound on all Spiritual Promotions.

Benefices shall be valued according to Taxation of the Tenth under 26 H. VIII. c.3.

II.

but shall pay Subsidy on 9-iothi only.

Manner and Form and Time of Payment of Subsidies.

sufficienter et legitime consdtutas omnimoda Obedienda et Subjectione ac Felicitate et Salute in £0 per quem Reges regnant et Prindpes dominantur Vestre Serenissime Regie Sublimitati per f?ns publieu Instrument^ sive has Literas nostras Tesdmoniales significamus et notu facimus, Quod Prelati et Clerus Cant Provincie in sacra Synodo Provindali sive Convocatione vigore et authoritate Brevis Vestri Regii Reverendissimo in Christo Patri et Domino Guilielmo Providenria Divina Cantuar Archiepiscopo touus Anglie Primati et Metropolitano modo defunto in domo Capitulari Vestre Ecclesie Cathedralis Divi Pauli London octavo die Mensis Maii Ano Dmi Millesimo sexcentesimo sexagesimo primo inchoata et celebrata de die in die et loco in locu usq, ad tricesimu die mensis Maii Ano Dfiii Millesimo sexcentesimo sexagesimo tertio jam current continuata et prorogata, et a dido treesimo die mensis Maii ac de die in die et loco in locu usq ad et in decimu tertiu die Mensis Junii Ano Dmi Millesimo sexcentissimo sexagesimo tertio jam instant condnuata et Prorogata et post morte dCi Reverendissimi Patris ac a dido [decimo'] tertio die Mensis Junii jpdet vigore Brevis vestri Regii Custodi Spiritualitatis Archiepiscopatus Cant (Sede [Archiepiscopali1] Cant vacant) direct ac vigore Comissionis a dco Custode Spualitatis Archiepiscopalis Cant nobis in hac parte etia direct, ac de die in die et loco in locu usq ad et in vicesimu die ja instant Mensis Junii etia continuata et prorogata et a dido vicesimo die instantis Mensis Junii de die in die et loco in locu usq ad et in vicesimu septimu die ja instant Mensis Junii edam tent et continuata in Ecclesia Collegiata Divi Petri Westmonesteriens legitim^ congregat pro quibusda magnis arduis et urgentibus causis per nos eis ppositis ac inter eos matura deliberate ponderatis pro defensione Regnoru et Dominioru Vestroru necnon et pro eoru erga Vestra Regia Sublimitate observantia et obsequio Quatuor ultranea ac spontanea et voluntaria Subsidia vestre Regie Majestad unanimi eoru consensu et assensu dederunt et concesserunt prout tenore presentis publici Instrumend (serie concessionis hujusmodi in se continends) plenius liquet et apparet; humiliter et obnixe Vestre Regie Majestad supplicantes, quatenus hec eoru quatuor Subsidia pro Vestra solita dementia benigne accipiatis, ac bene consulere gradose dignemini. Tenor vero dee Concessionis de verbo in verbu sequitur et est talis.

Most Gradous Soveraigne Your Majestyes leige and humble Subjects the Prelates and Clergy of the Province of Canterbury called together by the Authority of Your Highnesse Writt and orderly assembled at this present in a Provindali Synod or Convocation maturely considering their Duty and Service which they owe to Your Majestie as to their Soveraigne Lord, in thankfull acknowledgement of the many Blessings which they enjoy under Your gratious Government and Protection and well weighing the great and extraordinary Expences whereat Your Majestie now is, and hereafter is like to be for Support of Your Estate and Defence of Your Realmes and Dominions with one agreement and uniforme consent have given and granted And by these presents doe give and grant to Your Highnesse Your Heires and Successors Fower whole and intire Subsidyes of Power shillings in the pound in manner and forme following (that is to say) that every Archbishop Bishop Deane Archdeacon Provost Master of a Colledge, Prebendary Parson or Vicar and every other person [or3] persons of whatsoever name or degree he or they be within the Province of Canterbury haveing and enjoying any Spirituall Promotion or other Temporall Possessions to the same Spirituall Promotion annexed now not divided nor seperated by Act of Parliament or otherwise from

the Possession of the Clergy shall pay to Your Highnesse Your Heires and Successors for every pound that he

may yearely receave and dispend by reason of the said Spirituall Promotion the sume of Fower shillings for every of the said Fower Subsidyes, And for the true and certaine value of all the Promotions and every of them whereof the payments of these Fower Subsidyes shall be made, the Rate Taxation, Valuation and Estimation now remaining

of Record in Your Majestyes Court of Exchequer for the payment of a perpetuall Disme or Tenth granted unto

King Henry the Eighth of worthy memory in the six and twentyeth yeare of his Raigne concerning such Promotions as now be in the [possessions4] of the Clergy shall onely be followed and observed without makeing any other Valuation Rate Taxation or Estimation then in the said Record is comprised;

Provided alwayes That forasmuch as the Tenth part of the said Rate and Valuation before-mentioned is yearely paid to Your Highnesse for the said perpetuall Disme and Tenth soe as there remaine onely Nine parts yearely to the Incumbent cleare, these Fower Subsidyes of Fower shillings of the pound shall be understood and meant onely of every full pound of the said Nine parts and noe thing for any other [moneyes3] not amounting to a full pound, And Your Prelates and Clergy doe alsoe grant that these Fower Subsidyes of Fower shillings of the full pound of the Nine parts of the yearely value of every Spirituall Promotion aforesaid within the said Province, taxed as is aforesaid shall be paid to Your Majestye Your Heires and Successors in manner and forme following that is to say the whole payment of the first of the said Fower Subsidyes (viz) Fower shillings of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and upon the fifth day of October now next ensueing, And the first Payment and Moyety of the second of the said Fower Subsidyes viz Two shillings of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and upon the six and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty sower And the second Payment and Moyety of the second of the said Fower Subsidyes viz Two shillings of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and upon the fifth day of October next following, And the first Payment and Moyety of the third of the said Fower Subsidyes viz Two shillings of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and upon the six and twentyeth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty five, And the second payment and Moyety of the third of the said Fower Subsidyes viz Two shillings of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and upon the fifth day of October next and immediately following, And the first Payment and Moyety of the fourth and last of these Fower Subsidyes viz Two shillings of every full pound as aforesaid to be due at and upon the six and twentyeth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty six, And the second and last Payment and Moyety

15° Car. II. c. 10.

483

of the fourth and last of these Fower Subsidyes to be due at and upon the fifth day of October next following which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty and six to be delivered and paid by such person and persons as in this present Grant shall be appointed to have the Collection thereof to the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer of England for the time being, or to such person or persons and in such

place or places as shall please Your Highnesse to appoint to be paid viz Every one of the aforesaid Payments of

the first of the said Fower Subsidyes which shall be due at and upon the fifth day of October in any of the aforesaid yeares to be paid at or before the last Returne of Hillary Terine next following every of the aforesaid

dayes in which every of the aforesaid Payments shall be due; And every of the aforesaid Payments which shall

be due un the six and twentyeth day of March as aforesaid to be made at or before the last Returne of Trinity Terme next following every of the aforesaid dayes when the said Payments shall be due without paying any thing

to the Receiver or any other person or Officer to be assigned for the receipt thereof for any Acquittance or other

discharge or dispatch upon any such Payment or Receipt of the said Fower Subsidyes or any part thereof but

onely Fower pence, And that to the Clerke for writeing of the Acquittance or discharge of every of the said

Payments,

Provided alwayes That noe person that is or which hereafter shall be promoted to any Benefice or Spirituall Promotion, and hath compounded or shall compound with Your Majestie Your Heires or Successors for the First fruites of the same from the fifth day of October last past viz in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixtie and two and on this side the fifth day of October now next ensueing which shall be in this presenty eare One thousand [six hundred'] sixty three shall be contributory or charged for the same Benefice or Promotion to Your Highnesse Your Heires or Successors with any part of the First of the said Fower Subsidyes due upon the fifth day of October now next ensueing, And that noe person which hereafter shall be promoted to any Benefice or Spirituall Promotion, And shall compound with Your Majestie Your Heires or Successors for the First fruites of the same from and after the six and twentyeth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty sower, and on this side the fifth day of October which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty six shall be contributary or charged for the same Benefice or Promotion to Your Highnesse Your Heires or Successors with any part of the other three Subsidyes dureing the first yeare after the time of any such compounding for his First fruites;

Item Your Highnesse said Prelates and Clergy doe grant That every Archb*’ Sop Bishop, and (the See being void) every Deane and Chapter of that See void, And none other person or persons shall be Collector of the said Fower Subsidyes within their proper Diocesse dureing the time appointed for the payment of the said Fower Subsidyes, And Your said Prelates and Clergy doe most humbly beseech Your Majestye that it may be enacted by Your Majestie and Your High Court of Parliament for the speedy payment of the said Fower Subsidyes and to avoid delayes thereof that when and as often as any Collector or Collectors chargeable with the Collection of the said Fower Subsidyes or of any part thereof, or their or any of their Under Collector or Under Collectors Deputie or Deputyes of any of them shall offer the Payment of the said Fower Subsidyes or of any part of them to the use of Your Majestie Your Heires and Successors to any person or persons appointed to receive the same by Your Highnesse or by Your Lord High Treasurer, That the said person or persons soe appointed shall within Fower dayes next after such appointment receive or cause to be received the Money soe offered to be paid without any further delay, and deliver one sufficient Bill testifying the receipt thereof to the said Collector or his Under Collector or Deputy upon every such perticular Payment, And that every such Auditor as is or shall be appointed to take or receive the accompt of any such Collector or Collectors or of their severall Under Collectors or Deputyes shall within six dayes next after request to him to be made truely and indifferently take the said Accompt and make allowance as by this Grant is appointed, upon paine that every such person or persons appointed to receive the same summe or summes of Money soe offered, and every such Auditor shall loose and forfeite for every defaulte or delay to be made to the Collector or Collectors [Under Collector or'] Under Collectors Deputye or Deputyes soe offering to make Payment or Accompt as is aforesaid the summe of Ten pounds of lawfull Money of England, the one Moyety thereof to be to Your Majestie Your Heires and Successors, and the other Moyety to the said Collector or Collectors Under Collector or Under Collectors Deputy or Deputyes soe greived, the same to be paid upon Complaint to be made to the said Lord Treasurer or Under Treasurer or to the Lord Cheife Baron of Your Majestyes Court of Exchequer, who upon such Complaint shall presently examine the matter, and finding the fault shall committ the Offender to Ward there to remaine untill he shall have paid the said severall sumes soe forfeited.

Fee to Receiver.

III.

Subsidy not payable for the Year in which Fim Fruits are paid.

rv.

Archbishops, &c. shall be Collectors,

Collectors offering Payment, Officer to receive the same within Four Days and give Receipt to Collector.

Auditors to take Accounts and make Allowances.

Delaying, &c. so to do. Penalty atfio.

Imprisonment until Penalty paid.

And for the better levying and recovering of these Foure Subsidyes or any of them, Your said Prelates and Clergy doe likewise most humbly beseech Your Majestye that it may be enacted by Your Majestie and Your said High Court of Parlyament in manner and forme following (that is to say) That every Collector of the said Fower Subsidyes and of every part and parcell of them and their lawfull Under Collector or Under Collectors Deputy or Deputyes may have full Power and Authority to use all such wayes and meanes and Processe as be prescribed in the Act of perpetuall Disme, for the Collection and levying thereof, And may make Accompt of the same before the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer of England for the time being or any other Officer by Your Highnesse or Your Court of Exchequer to be appointed for the same, And in such place as Your Majestie shall

V.

Power to Collectors to levy Subsidies; may account for the same as the King and Exchequer shall appoint, as Archbishops, Arc, account for the Tetitli.

15° Car. II. c. 10.

A.D. 1663

Archbishops, &c. gathering and paying what they can to be discharged for the rest.

Sixpence in the Pound allowed to Collectors.

VI.

Incumbents, &c. being monished and not paying Subsidies, Proceedings.

Such Default shall be certified into Exchequer.

Penalty.

Form of Certificate of Default.

likewise assigne in such wise and after such forme onely as the said Archbishop and Bishops be now charged to make Accompt for the said perpetuall Disine and Tenth, Whereby is meant that the lacke and defaulte of Payment of and for any Spirituall Promotion or Promotions shall onely charge such Incumbent or Incumbents and such others as be bound to pay the same; And that the Archbishop Bishop Deane and Chapter gathering that which they can receive and make[ing'] payment thereof shall for the rest not by them received be discharged by their Certificate to be made unto Your Highnesse Court of Exchequer for every of the aforesaid Payments which shall be due upon the Fifth day of October in any of the aforesaid yeares at or before the last Returae of Hillary Terme next and imediately following every of the aforesaid dayes when every of the said payments shall be due, And for every of the aforesaid Payments which shall be due upon the Six and twentyeth day of March in any of the aforesaid yeares at or before the last Retume of Trinity Terme next and imediately following every of the aforesaid dayes when the said Payments shall be due, And that six pence of every pound wherewith the Collector shall be charged in this Accompt clearely to be paid into the Receipt of Your Majestyes Exchequer, or into such other place as shall please Your Highnesse to appoint shall be allowed unto the said Collector upon his Accompt for the same at every of the aforesaid severall times of Payment for the charge of the said Collection, portage, safe conveying and paying of the said Fower Subsidyes;

And moreover that it may be enacted likewise That after any Payment of the said Fower Subsidyes shall be once due by vertue of this Grant, If any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promotion Spirituall charged to the Payment of any the said Fower Subsidyes, or any part thereof being at any time after that the same Payment shall be due, lawfully monished either personally or at his Dignity Stall Church or Mansion House by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocesse or his Under Collector or Under Collectors Deputy or Deputyes, or by the Deane and Chapter (the See being void) or by any of their Under Collector or Under Collectors Deputie or Deputyes authorized in that behalfe, to appeare by himselfe, or his Deputy at a certaine day and place of convenient distance to the said Incumbent then to be signifyed and prefixed. And then and there to pay such part of the said Fower Subsidyes for his Benefice or Promotion Spirituall or the whole as then by vertue of this Grant shall be due doe not either at the same day and place soe to him signifyed and prefixed truely content and pay or cause to be contented and paid such Payments of the said Fower Subsidyes as then by him shall be due to be paid unto the same Archbishop or Bishop, or to his Under collector or Under collectors Deputy or Deputyes or to the Deane and Chapter of any See being void or to their Under Collector or Under Collectors Deputy or Deputyes or to one of them shewing sufficient Deputation from the said Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapter under his or their seale in that behalfe being ready at the said day and place soe signifyed and prefixed to receive any Payment of the said Fower Subsidyes then due, and openly demanding the same, or else pay every of the Payments of the said Fower Subsidyes given by this Grant within Fifty dayes next after any such prefixed dayes of warning at the farthest soe that open demand be made of every of the said Payments of the said Fower Subsidyes in and at the said place and day before prefixed, That then every Incumbent soe makeing defaulte of Payment of any of the Payments aforesaid which shall be due from him for any of the parts of the said Fower Subsidyes as aforesaid after such defaulte thereof certifyed into Your Majestyes Exchequer in writeing under the seale and hand writeing of any Archbishop or Bishop, or the common Seale of the Deane and Chapter (the See being void) charged with the Collection of the said Fower Subsidies or any part thereof soe that the said Certificate shall be made according to the forme hereafter expressed and exhibited into Your Majestyes said Court of Exchequer (viz) For every of the aforesaid payments of the said Fower Subsidyes which shall be due the Fifth day of October in any of the aforesaid yeares at or before the last Retume of Hillary Terme next following every of the aforesaid dayes when every of the said payments shall be due, And for every of the aforesaid payments which shall be due upon the Six and twentyeth day of March in any of the aforesaid yeares at or before the last Returae of Trinity Terme next following every of the aforesaid dayes when every of the said payments shall be due as aforesaid shall forfeite and loose unto Your Majestie Your Heires and Successors all the Proffitts which of that onely Dignide Benefice or Promotion, for the which he maketh such defaulte of Payment and whereof such Certificate shall be made shall come grow and arise unto him over and above the Charges of serveing the Cure, And the annuall Tenth due to be paid out of his said Liveing in one whole yeare next after such Certificate made and delivered unto Your Highnesse Court of Exchequer and there admitted in case the said Incumbent shall soe long live. And that every such Certificate of any such defaulte of payment shall be made according to the tenoure and effect ensueing Mutatis mutandis.

Honorabilibus et Egregiis viris Domino Thesaurario et Baronibus de Scaccario Illustrissimi Domini nostri, Domini Caroli secundi Dei gratia Anglie Scotie Francie et Hibernie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Vester humilis permissione divina Authoritate et Vigore cujusdam A&us Parliamenti Anno Regni didi Domini

Regis editi et provisi ad colligendu et levandu Subsidia eide Domino Regi in eode Parliamento per

Prelatos et Cleru Cantuariensis Provincie concessa viz pro prima solutione primi et integri Subsidii solvend die Ofitob ulf jPterif infra Dioces nostra Deputatus et Authorizatus omnimoda reverentia tantis viris debits

cum honore, Vestris Reverentiis haru serie annuncio et certifico, me prefatu Episcopu modo quo jpfertur deputatu et authorizatu sufficienter et cum omni diligentia requisivisse per N: O, Subcolledore seu Deputatu meu in hac parte de quovis Beneficio et Promotione Ecclesiastica in quada Schedula pPsentibus annex: specificat, sumas solutionis ddi primi integri Subsidii pro didis Beneficiis et Promotionibus debitas et solvendas dco quinto die O&obris ulf pterit prout in eadS Schedula jPsentibus annex: plenius liquet et apparet; sed didas sumas ex causis. in eade Schedula allegatis recipere non potui, In cujus rei testimoniu sigillu Datu die

AD-1663.

15° Car. II. c. 10.

485

S

The sonne of which Schedule above-mentioned enaueth

Civitatis L, vel Deconatus de H: A: B, Rector vel Vicarius ibidem monitus suit apud f?dict

die Mensis ultimo pkerit per N O Subcolleftore seu deputaf meu ad solvenda apud Eclesia de L. in Comil R

die mensis (1) proxime sequent, solution? sive ilia parte distoru quatuor Subsidioru per ipsu debit die ulf pterif pro promotione sua {Pdifta, sed {?d?us A B nec apud Ecclesia de L. pd?t, eod?

nec alibi per quinqueginta dies postea suma per ipsu debit, (ut pfertur) solvit vel sadsfedt, neqs did! suma de proficuis diste Promodonis nec de bonis et catallis disti A. B aliquo modo levare sive redpere potuL

Provided alwayes That if any person or Incumbent chargeable by this Act or Grant to any Payment of the said Fower Subsidyes or any part thereof shall proffer or tender Payment of any summe due to the Archbishop or Bishop, or to the Deane and Chapter (where the See is void) or to any Under Collector or Under Collectors Deputy or Deputyes of any Arch-bishop, Bishop or Deane and Chapter aforesaid, at any dme before the Certificate exhibited into the Exchequer as is aforesaid, that then and notwithstanding the Certificate made as is aforesaid against any such person, the said Incumbent or person against whom the Certificate was soe made shall and may averr the offer or tender of his Payment, as is aforesaid, And of the same shall be tryed either by suffident witnesses before the Lord Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer or by the tryall of Twelve men upon any Issue therupon to be joyned betwixt the said Incumbent and any other person or persons that he or any for him did offer or tender Payment of the summe due as aforesaid, which bdng found for the Incumbent then every such Incumbent shall have and enjoy his Promotion or Promotions still without forfeiture or loseing to Your Majestie Your Heires or Successors any the Profits thereof, And as though noe Certificate or defaulte of any such Payment had beene made or exhibited, Any thing in this present Grant or Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And further that it may be enacted likewise That every Archbishop and Bishop and Deane and Chapter of every See vacant and other persons chargeable to and with the collection of the said Fower Subsidyes within the said Province of Canterbury shall and may have upon every payment of the same Fower Subsidyes made to the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer of England for the time being, or to such other person or persons in place and places to whom and where it shall please Your Highnesse or Your Court of Exchequer to appoint for the receipt thereof at every of the aforesaid times of Payment a sufficient Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est in writeing of the aforesaid Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer or of such other person or persons as either Your Highnesse, or Your said Court of Exchequer shall assigne for the receipt thereof or as heretofore in the like case it hath beene accustomed, the same Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est witnessing the receipt of soe much of the same summe of the said Fower Subsidyes as shall be soe received, And every such Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est in writeing subscribed with the name or names of the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer for the time being, or of such Auditor or other person or persons as it shall please Your Highnesse or Your said Court of Exchequer to appoint for the same Receipt, or of such others as heretofore in like cases it hath beene used shall and may be good and effectuall in the Law and be alsoe as sufficient a discharge in Law to all and every of the said collectors to all such intents constructions and purposes as if the same were made by Act of Parliament. And that every of the said Collectors shall pay but onely Three shillings and sower pence for every generall or finall Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est for every payment of the said Fower Subsidyes, And if any person soe assigned shall refuse or delay to make such a generall or finall Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est for any payment of the said Fower Subsidyes or shall require or take for the same any more then Three shillings sower pence or if any other Officer of the Exchequer shall require or take of any Collector or Collectors or of his or their Under collector or Under collectors Deputy or Deputyes in respect of the collection payment or accompt of the said Fower Subsidyes or any part thereof for expedition, or for any other cause or pretence whatsoever concerning the same, any Fees or Summes of money other then are before in this present Grant expressely allowed unto them shall forfeite the summe of Ten pounds of lawiull money of England to be paid and recovered in like manner unto the same uses as is before limitted and expressed in this Grant touching the like forfeiture of Receivours and Auditors, and alsoe that every perticular Acquittance which upon any payment of the said Fower Subsidyes shall be made by any Collector or Collectors of the said Fower Subsidyes or of any payment of them, or by his or their Under collector or Under collectors Deputy or Deputyes in that behalfe to any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promotion Spirituall, or to any person or persons contributary and chargeable to and with the said Fower Subsidies or any part or payment of them shall be good and effectuall in Law, and a full and sufficient Discharge to every such Incumbent and other person and his Benefice and Promotion Spirituall of and for all such summe and summes of money as by the same Acquittance shall be acknowledged to be received in respect of the same Benefice or Promotion Spirituall for any payment or any part of the said Fower Subsidyes, And that noe Acquittance of any other person or persons made before such Certificate shall in any wise discharge any person or promotion for any part or. payment of the said Fower Subsidies, Nor of any paine penaltie or forfeiture spedfyed in this Grant, And to the intent it may be knowne to the Court of Exchequer who be the Under collector or Under collectors Deputie or Deputyes of every such Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapter authorized to receive the same and to make Acquittance thereof, every Archbishop Bishop and Deane and Chapter of every See being void shall yeanely together with their Certificates aforementioned certifie the names of every the Under collectors or Deputyes to be appointed as is aforesaid.

Form of Schedule referred to in Certificate.

VII.

Proviso for Tender of Payment by Incumbent, &c. before Certificate exhibited into the Exchequer.

Trial of Tender.

If Issue found for Incumbent, he shall enjoy his Promotion.

VIII. Quietus est to Archbishops, See, being Collectors.

Such Quietus est a good Discharge in Law.

Fee for Quietus est.

Refusing, &c. Quietus est, or taking a larger Fee.

Penalty £ to.

Particular Acquit* tance by Collector to Incumbent, he, a full Discharge in

Acquittance before Certificate not good.

Names of Under-collectors, &c. to be certified by Archbishop, &c.

1 blank in the original.

6 H

15° Caa. II. c. 10.

A.D. 166S.

IX.

Process not to issue within Twenty Days after Day prefixed for Payment.

Fee to Collector on Acquittance.

X. Spiritual Promotions, Arc. not chargeable to any other Subsidy.

XI.

Deans,

Archdeacons, Prebendaries, kc, of Cathedrals and Colleges, &c. how chargeable.

Archbishops, kc. to certify Portions chargeable and not chargeable into Exchequer.

XII. Proviso for Spiritual Persons paying Pensions.

XIII. Proviso for Lands, kc. formerly granted for Obits, kc. and come into the Hands of King Edw. VI. under i Edw. VI. c. 14.

Provided alwayes That noe Collector of these Fower Subsidyes or of any part of them shall use any Processe or compulsary meanes, or exact any Fees or Summes of Money for the same or otherwise of any person or persons for not paying the said Fower Subsidyes or any part of them at such certaine day and place as shall be by the Collector or his Under Collector or Deputy prefixed in case the said person shall tender the same unto the Collector or his Under Collector or Deputy within twenty dayes next after such prefixed day, And that the said Collectors shall not by themselves or any other take of any person for the receipt of any severall payment of the said Fower Subsidyes and for his Acquittance thereupon any more then sower pence by any colour or pretext whatsoever;

Provided alwayes That noe Spirituall Promotions nor any Lands Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same being charged by this Grant of the Province of Canterbury, or any Goods or Chattells growing, being or renewed upon the same, or elsewhere appertaining to the Owners of the said Spirituall Promotions or to any of them shall be charged or made contributary to any Fifteenth or Tenth or to any other Subsidies already granted to Your Highnesse by the Laity or hereafter to be granted dureing the time appointed by this Grant for the payment of the said Fower Subsidyes,

Provided alsoe That all Deanes Archdeacons Dignitaryes Masters Wardens and Prebendaryes of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colledges or any of them within the said Province shall be charged with the said Fower Subsidyes for those Possessions Revenues and Promotions onely which to their severall Promotions Dignityes and Romes are clearely and disdn&ly limitted, and to their onely use severed thereof to pay (the Tenth part bring dedu&ed) for every and each of the said Fower Subsidyes Fower shillings of every full pound in manner and

forme as is above rehearsed, And that all those Rents Possessions Proffitts Portions Hereditaments and Spirituall

Promotions and every of them heretofore by Your Highnesse or any [of the Kings or Queenes of this Realme or any other person or persons whatsoever given granted bequeathed devised or impropriated unto the said Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges or to any of them which any wayes be assigned imployed or used either for or towards the yearely maintenance of Readers of Divinity Poore men Schoole masters Ushers Gramarians Petty Cannons Condu&s Vicars Chorall Singing men Choresters Virgers Sextons or of any other necessary or dayly Officers or Ministers in such Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges or any of them, or for or towards the reedifying or repairing of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges shall not be charged with any part of the said Fower Subsidyes, the certainty of which Portions aswell chargeable to the said Fower

Subsidyes as not chargeable in this behalfe the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocesse or (the See being void) the

Deane and Chapter or any other to whom the same shall or may appertaine upon due search and examination

shall certifie under his or their Seale unto Your Highnesse said Court of Exchequer at or before the severall

dayes aforesaid appointed for the payment of the said Fower Subsidyes;

Provided alwayes That every Parson Vicar or other Spirituall Person paying any Pension whereof noe allowance is made in the valuation of his Promotion or Benefice shall and may retaine to his owne Use and Reliefe soe much of every pound of every such Pension for every payment of the said Fower Subsidyes as he standeth charged by this Grant to pay for every part and payment of the said Fower Subsidyes out of every pound for the whole Valuation of his Spirituall Promotion, Any Covenant Grant or Bond to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and your [said *] Prelates and Clergy doe most humbly beseech Your [JMajestie*] That it may be enacted by Your Majestyes Authoritie and Your High Court of Parliament That where certaine Lands Tenements Rents Spirituall Promotions Tythes Pensions Portions Fruites and other Hereditaments lately belonging to diverse Cathedrall Churches and to other places and persons Ecclesiasdcall within the said Province of Canterbury, which

were given and assigned to be bestowed and spent in and on findeing and maintaining of certaine Chauntryes

Anniversary es Obits Lights Lamps and other like charges intents and purposes of late came into the hands and Possessions of the late King of famous memory Edward the sixth by force of a Statute thereof made in the first yeare of his Raigne as by the said Statute more plainely appeareth That the Cathedrall Churches and the Bishops Deanes or Presidents and Chapters and Prebendaryes of the same and all other places and persons Ecclesiasdcall and every of them to whom the said Lands Rents and other the Premisses or any of them did lately appertaine shall not dureing the dme appointed by this Grant for the payment of the said Fower Subsidyes be charged to and with any payment of Subsidie of and for that part and portion of Lands Tenements Rents Spirituall Promotions & other Hereditaments or any of them, whereunto the said late King by force of the said Statute was intitled, or

possessed of, nor of any yearely Rents or Payments goeing out of the said Cathedrall Churches and other the

places and persons Ecclesiasdcall aforesaid, And that deduction and allowance thereof be made to them and every of them accordingly in and upon every payment of the said Fower Subsidyes out of the whole Taxation Valuation and Estimation made for the payment of the said perpetuall Disme or Tenth remaining of Record in Your Highnesse Court of Exchequer as aforesaid for the rate and portion of Lands Tenements Rents Spirituall Promotions and other Hereditaments and those yearely payments whereunto the said King was intituled or possessed of, or which since the makeing of the said Statute by reason that they have beene found as Lands Tenements Rents Tythes or other Hereditaments concealed from the said King Edward the sixth, the late King Henry the [eigth,3] the late Queene Mary, the late Queene Elizabeth King James and King Charles the first of glorious memory or any of them or

from Your Majestie or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the said Cathedrall Churches and other places

and persons aforesaid, or [of1] any of them by force of the Statute premised or any otherwise;

A.D. 166$.

15° Car. II. c. 10.

487

Provided alsoe That these sower Subsidyes granted by the Clergy or any part of them [or any of them *] shall not be demanded or levyed out of any Benefice House of Students or Colledge scituate or sett within either of the Universityes of Oxford or Cambridge or of any Benefice Lands or other Revenues unto the said Universityes or either of them or to any House of Students or Colledge in any of the said Universityes united appropriated or appertaining or out of any Benefice Lands or Revenues of the Colledge of Windsor or of the Colledge of Westminster or of the Colledge of Eaton neere Windsor, or of the Colledge, called Saint Maryes Colledge by Winchester founded by William Wickham sometimes Bishop of Winchester or of any Hospitalls Aimes houses or Grammar Schooles or of any Church Benefice or other Revenues to the said Colledges Hospitalls Aimes Houses nr Grammar Schooles or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwise appertaining.

Provided alwayes That all Parsons Vicars and all other Ecclesiasdcall persons whose Benefices are not above Six pounds thirteene shillings sower pence by the yeare after the Taxation aforesaid shall not be charged with these Fower Subsidyes or any part of the same.

Provided alsoe That every Vicar whose Benefice is Eight pounds or above, and not above ten pounds by the yeare after the Taxation aforesaid shall pay unto Your Highnesse Your Heires and Successors at every of the aforesaid payments of the said sower Subsidyes afore limited Thirteene shillings sower pence for the first payment of the said Fower Subsidyes and every other payment of the said Fower Subsidyes Six shillings eight pence at such time and to such persons as is aforesaid for his part of the said Fower Subsidyes, And if any Vicarage be under Eight pounds in the Taxation aforesaid the Incumbent shall not be charged with any part or payment of the said Fower Subsidyes,

And for the sure and true payment of these Fower Subsidyes granted by Your said Prelates and Clergy of the Province of Canterbury according to the tenour purport eflfeft and true meaneing of this present Grant Your said Prelates and Clergy doe most humbly beseech Your Highnesse that this their said Gift Grant and Fower Subsidyes and every Matter Summe of money Petition Clause Provisions Reservations and Sentences in this Instrument contained concerning the said Fower Subsidyes may be ratyfyed established and confirmed by the Authority of Your Highnesse Court of Parliament.

In Quoru omniu et singuloru premissoru fide et testimoniu Nos Gilbertus LonA Episcopus antediftus has presentes literas nostras testimoniales sive hoc fPsens publicu instrumentu ad humile rogatu Prelatoru et Cleri j?Act sigilli nostri appensione ac Signo Nomine et Subscriptione Gulielmi Fisher Notarii publici jussimus et fecimus comuniri Datu di&o vicesimo sepdmo die Mensis Junii Anno Domini millesimo sexcentesimo sexageshno tertio Regni^ Vestri felicissimi Dei gra Anglie Scotie Francie et Hibernie Regis, Fidei Defensoris &c decimo-quinto et nostre Consecrationis Anno tertio.

[Wherefore for the true and sure payment of the said Subsidyes granted by the said Prelates and Clergy of the said Province of Canterbury according to the tenour effect and true meaning of the said Instrument Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestye with the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the said Gift and Grant and every Matter Summe of money Petition Provision Clause and Sentence in the same Instrument contained shall stand and be ratifyed established and confirmed by the authority of this psent Parliament.

And further be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every person that shall be appointed to the collecting and gathering of the said Subsidyes shall have power and authority to levy take and perceive the said Subsidyes by the authority of the Censures of the Church that is to say by Suspension Excommunication or Interdiction and alsoe by Sequestration of the Fruites and Proffitts of their Benefices and Promotions Spirituall in whose hands soever they be, and to make sale of the same Fruites without danger of the Lawes of this Realme, or by Distresse upon the Possessions of the Farmers or Occupiers of the Lands and Tenements chargeable by the said Instrument for or to the payment of any summe or summes of money to be due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discretion of the Collector thereof; And that noe Replevy Prohibition or Supersedeas shall be allowed or obeyed for any persons makeing defaulte of the payment of the said Subsidyes or any of them contrary to the tenour of the Grant thereof, untill such time as they have truely satisfyed and contented all such part and portions as to them in that behalfe appertaineth, And that every such Farmer and Farmers their Executors and Assignes that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to, or with the payment of the said Subsidyes or any part thereof shall by the Authoritie aforesaid be allowed and retaine in his hands as much of his yearely Rent and Farme as the summe which he shall fortune to pay for his Lord or Leasor shall extend unto (except that the said Farmer or Farmers their Executors or Assignes by the Lease and Grant that they have of any part of the Lands Tythes Proffitts or Tenements chargeable to the said Subsidyes or by force of any Covenant or Article therein contained be bound and charged to pay the same. And thereof to discharge the Leasor and Landlord dureing the terme mentioned in the said Lease)

And likewise be it enacted by the Authoritie of this present Parliament That whereas diverse Curates lyeable to the Subsidyes being oftentimes removeable, doe serve aswell in diverse Impropriations belonging to the Kings Majestie as in other Spirituall Promotions belonging to other persons That for the speedy recovery of the said Subsidyes it may be lawfull to the said Collector or Collectors of the said Subsidyes their Deputy or Deputyes

XIV. Proviso for the Universities,

College* of Windsor, Westminster, Eaton, and Winchester, Hospitals, Free Schools, See.

XV.

Proviso for Livings not above £6. 13s. 4d. yearly.

XVI. Proviso for Livings of £% and not above £10 yearly Value.

Vicarages under £%, Incumbent not to be charged.

XVII.

Grant to be ratified by Parliament.

The above Grant ratified.

XVIII. Power to Collectors to levy Subsidies by Authority of Censures of the Church, and by Sequestration, Distress, fee.

In what case Replevin, &c. allowed.

Farmers paying for their Lessors may retain out of Kent.

Exception.

XIX. Subsidies may be levied by Distress on Farmers of Impropriations.

488

15° Car. II. c. 10, 11.

A.D. 1663.

Sale of Diitress.

to levy the said Subsidyes upon the Farmer or Farmers or Occupiers of all such Impropriations or Spiritual! Promotions by all Censures of the Church aforesaid and every of them or by way of distresse of Tythes of the said Impropriation or Impropriations and Spirituall Promotions, or otherwise upon the Goods and Chattells of the said Farmer or Farmers and Occupiers, In which case noe Inhibition Prohibition Replevy or other Processe awarded to the contrary shall be obeyed, Any Lawes Statutes Priviledges or Customes to the contrary hereof heretofore made granted or used, or hereafter to be made granted or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. And that it may be lawfiill to the Collector or other Officers and Ministers of such Arch Bishop Bishop Deane and Chapter for not payment of the said Subsidyes after the same shall be due in or at any of the said times of payment to prize and value the said distresse and distresses by two indifferent Neighbours by him to be chosen. And the distresse and distresses soe prized (1) and thereof to detaine soe much money as shall amount to the summe payable to the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the reasonable charges alsoe of the said Collectors sustained in that behalfe, And the rest of the money made of the said Distresse to be delivered and paid to the Owner and Occupier thereof.

XX.

How Lay Impropriators shall be charged for their Spiritual and Temporal Possessions.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That every Lay person haveing Spirituall Promotion chargeable by this Act, And alsoe haveing Temporall Possessions Goods Chattells and Debts charged to the said Subsidyes granted in this Parliament by the Temporaltie shall be taxed charged and sett for his said Spirituall Promotions with the Clergy, and his Temporall Possessions and Chattells reall with the Temporaltie and not otherwise, Any thing before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI.

This Act extended to4the Subsidy of the Province of York.

And be it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That all and every Grant and Grants of all and every summe and summes of money granted or which hereafter shall be granted to the Kings Majestie by the Clergy of the Province of Yorke shall be of the same strength force and effect in all things as the said Grant made by the said Province of Canterbury and shall be taxed certified collected [gathered levyed1] and paid according to the tenoure forme and effect of this present Act of Parliament to all intents constructions and purposes in such manner and forme as though it were specially plainely and perticularly expressed and rehearsed in this present Act by expresse words termes and sentences in their severall natures and kinds.

XXII. Provisions in the Grants of the Clergy declared valid.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Provisions before rehearsed contained or to be contained in the said Grant of the Prelates and Clergy of the Province of Canterbury; And the like of the same Provisoes contained in the said Grant of the Prelates and Clergy of the Province of Yorke shall be good and effectuall and to be observed and kepte in every Point and Article according to the purport and true meaneing of the same.]

Rot. Parl. 15 C.II, p. 2. nu. 10.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Brewers, &c. to give Notice to Officer of setting up, altering, or enlarging Tuns, Fats, &c.

Not to keep or use private or concealed Storehouses, Cellars, &c. Penalty.

Penalty on Persons occupying House, &c. where such concealed Tuns, &c. are.

Such concealed Tun, See and all the Beer, &c. may be seized and sold for the Poor.

CHAPTER XI.

An Additionall Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise and preventing the Abuses therein.

FOR the preventing of the Fraudes and Deceites of Brewers and other persons who make Beere and Ale and other Exciseable Liquors to sell, and of the abuses committed by the Officers Collectors and Managers of the Excise to the great decay of His Majesties Revenue of Excise and obstruction of the due and orderly collecting of the same and for supply and amendment of certaine defects in the Lawes and Statutes relateing to the Duty of Excise aswell for the support and advance of the said Revenue as for the ease of the people Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this Parliament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That noe common Brewer Innkeeper Victualler or other Retailer of Beere or Ale shall at any time after the First day of September One thousand six hundred sixtie three without first giveing notice thereof at the next Office of Excise or to the Commissioners Farmers or Sub Commissioners of Excise or one of them within the Limitts and Jurisdiction of whose Office he or they doe or shall inhabite erect sett up alter or enlarge any Tun Fatt, Backe Cooler or Copper and shall make use of any of them for the -brewing or makeing any Beere or Ale or Worts, or shall make use of or keepe any private and concealed Storehouse Celler or other place for the laying of any Beere or Ale or Worts in Caske other then such as are already openly sett up, erected and made use of in his common and usuall Brewhouse and now openly discovered and knowne upon paine to forfeite the summe of Fifty pounds for every Tun, Fatt, Backe, Copper and Cooler sett up and made use of without such notice given [thereof1] as aforesaid and contrary to the true intent and meaneing hereof, And that all and every other person or persons in whose occupation any House Messuage Outhouse or other place whatsoever is or shall be where any such private and concealed Tun, Back, Cooler or Storehouse shall be found and discovered shall alsoe forfeite and lose the summe of Fifty pounds to be leavyed and recovered in manner and forme as in and by this present Act is hereafter directed and ordained, And moreover every such private and concealed Tun, Fatt, Backe, Copper or Cooler soe discovered and found as aforesaid or altered or enlarged together with all Beere Ale or Worts therein being shall and may be taken up, seized carryed away and delivered to the Overseers for the Poore to be sold for the use of the Poore or distributed amongst them.

15° Car. II. c. 11.

489

And be it further enacted by Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the Eighth day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixde and five noe person or persons whatsoever nominated by His Majestic to be in Commission for the regulateing of His Majesties Revenue of Excise or for the Exercise of any the Powers or Authorities mentioned in an Act Entituled A Grant of certaine Impositions upon Beere Ale and other Liquors for the encrease of His Majesties Revenue dureing His life or one other A & Entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite by Knights Service and Purveyance and for setleing a Revenue upon His Majesde in lieu thereof or in this present A & shall presume to forme the said Revenue of His Majesde either directly or indirectly by obtaining Letters Patents to him or themselves thereof, or any person or persons whatsoever intrusted for him or them or to or for his or their use benefitt or behoofe, Nor that any person or persons whatsoever being a Farmer of the said Revenue shall be any way capeable to be nominated a Commissioner for the regulating His Majesties said Revenue of Excise, or exerdseing any Powers or Authorities concerning the same, But if any person or persons who stands thus disabled as aforesaid to be nominated a Commissioner shall become a Farmer and shall in either of the said cases neverthelesse presume directly or indirectly to act as a Commissioner Farmer or Sub Comissioner to execute the Powers and Authorities aforesaid either alone or joyntly with other persons that are Farmers, or else with any [others'] who are not Farmers shall from and after such his a$ing lose the benefitt of his said Farme, and be thenceforth totally for ever disabled to be either Farmer of the said Revenue or Commissioner for the regulateing thereof and exercising the Powers aforesaid, And that all and every ad and acts done by any Commissioner or Commissioners or Sub Commissioners being Farmer or Farmers by him or themselves or joyndy with others who are not Farmers shall be void in Law and of none effect, And that all and every person or persons any way molested or troubled by the command and authoritie of such Commissioner or Commissioners acting by him or themselves or together with others who are not Farmers or Commissioners may bring his Action at Law for the same in any of His Majesties Courts at Westminster and thereby recover his Damages against any such Commissioner or Commissioners Any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

And that all and every Letters Patents to be made from and after the Tenth day of Aprill in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and three inableing any Farmer or Farmers of the Excise to be Commissioner or Commissioners or Sub Commissioners shall be utterly void and of none effect. Any thing in any of the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

And that if any Commissioner or Sub Commissioner Commissioners or Sub Commissioners who by colour or vertue of any Letters Patents are now both Commissioners or Sub Commissioners for regulating the said Revenue and likewise Farmers of the said Revenue shall give any false and corrupt Judgement in advancement of the benefit of his or their said Farme to the Brewers damage contrary to Law, he or they shall forfeite for every such Judgement soe falsely and corruptly given double Costs to the partie soe injured by the said corrupt and false Judgement, And in case any person shall unjustly complaine of (*) any Judgement of the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners as aforesaid, and soe shall be found upon his Appeale the said partie shall forfeite double Costs to the said Commissioners for such unjust vexations to be recovered by Information Bill or Plaint in any Court of Record

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the First day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and three all and every Gager or Gagers of the Excise who shall take an accompt of any Beere or Ale brewed or made by any common Brewer shall weekely after such common Brewer hath made or ought to have made his Entry at the Office of Excise and not otherwise make and deliver to such common Brewer at his house, or to some of his Servants in his behalfe a true Copy under his or their hand of such Retume or Reporte as he or they have made thereof to the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise respectively upon paine to forfeit for every negcleCl or refosall the summe of Forty shillings.

Provided neverthelesse That noe such common Brewer or Brewers shall be sued or prosecuted for any penaltie or forfeiture by him or them incurred for or by reason of any misentry or short Entry if he or they shall within the space of One weeke after the delivery of such Copy as aforesaid re&ifie his or their Entry according to the said Retume or otherwise discharge himselfe

Be it enacted That from and after the said First day of September One thousand six hundred sixtie three and as often as there shall be occasion Two able Artists shall be appointed one of them by His Majesties Commissioners Farmers or Sub Commissioners for Excise and the other by the Brewers of any Citty or place, which said Artists shall take an Oath, which Oath any one Justice hath hereby power to administer, to take and compute the just Contents and Gage of all Coppers, Fatts, Tunns, Backes and Coolers and all other Brewing Vessells of that nature belonging to all or any Brewer or Brewers of Beere or Ale to sell and to deliver and give under their hands one Copy of the perticular Contents of all such Vessells to the aforesaid Commissioners Farmers and Sub Commissioners and another true Copy thereof to each and every such respective Brewer, which Computation by the Artists aforesaid shall answere and be according to the measures and proportions exprest in the said former Acts for Excise,

And be it further enacted That noe Commissioner Farmer or Sub Commissioner for the Excise or common Brewer of Ale or Beere to sell or Inn keeper whatsoever shall from and after the said First day of September have power to act in or execute as a Justice of the Peace any of the Powers Clauses or dungs contained in any

1 other 0.

* of 0.

JL

Commissioner* under is Car. II. cc. *3,24. not to farm this Revenue.

No Farmer capable of being nominated a Commissioner of Excise.

Penalty.

All Acts done by such Persons void.

Persons troubled by them may have their Action and recover Damages.

III.

All Letters Patent for the above Purpose void.

IV.

Commissioners, Sub-commissioners, and Farmers giving false or corrupt Judgment 2 Penalty.

Persons unjustly complaining of the Judgment of the Commissioners s Penalty.

V.

Gaugers to deliver to Brewer, after Entry made, a true Copy of his Return.

Penalty 40s.

VI.

Brewer not liable to Prosecution if he discharge himself within one Week from delivery.

VIJ.

Two Artists to be appointed, one by the Commissioners and one by the Brewer, to compute Gauge, See. on Oath;

who are to give a Copy of Contents to Commissioners and Brewer.

vin.

Commissioners, Fanners, Brewers,

See. not to act as Justices of Peace touching the Excise.

400

15° Car.II. c. 11.

A.D. 166S.

Such Acts of such Persons void.

IX.

Recital of 12C.ILc.23. § 18. xiC.II.c 24. §32.

and that

Commissioners do not keep Officers in Towns where Entries may be made, and yet exact the Penalties of the said Acts.

Commissioners, &c. to appoint Persons in Market Towns to receive Entries.

Office to be published.

Hours at which such Officer to attend.

Penalty.

Persons comm? to such Market Town, and tendering Entry and Payment, not liable to Penalties.

X.

Hours at which, on Notice, Brewer may sell and deliver Beer, &c.

Penalty.

XI. Brewer, after Account taken by Gauger, converting Small BeerorWorts into Strong, or selling the same without Notice to Gauger, or concealing Beer, &c.

Penalty.

XII.

Brewing Vessels and Utensils liable to Duties and Penalties in whatsoever Hands they may be.

of the Lawes made for and concerning the Excise or in this present Act, And if any of the said persons shall presume to ad or execute any thing contrary hereunto It is hereby further declared That all such things soe acted or executed by any of them are and shall be utterly void and null to all intents and purposes.

And whereas by the said recited Acts it is enacted That noe person shall be compelled by the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise to travell for the makeing of his Entryes or Payment of the Dutyes of Excise or other [Clause1] whatsoever touching or concerning the same if he live in a Market Towne out of the said Towne, and if he live out of a Market Towne then to noe other place then to the next Market Towne to his habitation in the same County on the Market day, and neverthelesse the Commissioners and Sub Commissioners or their Officers have not accordingly kepte Officers in the Market Townes in many Countyes within England and Wales whereby such Entryes and Payments for the Dutyes of Excise might be had and made and yet doe take and levy the Penaltyes and Forfeitures in the said Acts mentioned for non Entry and Payment of the Duty and doe otherwise thereupon grieve and vexe His Majesties Subjects contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said Acts, Be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said First day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and three the Commissioners Farmers or Sub Commissioners in each County within England and Wales shall constitute and appoint or depute under their hands and seales such person or persons as they shall thinke needfull in each respective Market Towne to be there upon every Market day in some knowne and publique place for the receiveing of the said Entryes and Dutyes of Excise and for performing all other matters and things touching the said Duty according to the said Acts and this present Act, which said person and persons soe constituted or deputed (and the place where they intend to hold or keepe such Office, being on the next Market day after such Constitution or Deputation published in full and open Market) shall attend at such Office on every Market day in such Market Towne and shall keepe the said Office open from Nine of the Clocke in the morning untill Twelve of the Clocke at Noone, and from Two of the Clocke in the Afternoone untill Five of the Clocke in the Afternoone, And in case such Office shall not be soe kepte and attended in each Market Towne respectively the Commissioners Farmers Sub Commissioners or other person or persons so negcleding or refuseing to doe the same shall for every Market day forfeite Ten pounds, the one halfe to the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors and the other halfe to him or them that will informe and sue for the same in any of His Majesties Courts of Record by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed, And such person as shall come to such Market Towne to make such Entry or Payment of the Dutyes and shall tender the same according to the said Acts and be able to prove such Tender by the Oath of one or more sufficient Witnesse shall not be lyeable to any Penaitie or Forfeiture imposed by the said Acts for such weekely or monethly Entryes or Payments as should have beene made or paid on such Market day, Any Article Clause or Thing in any or either of the said Acts or this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by [the1] Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said First Day of September Noe common Brewer of Beare or Ale shall sell deliver or carry out any Beere or Ale to any his Customers either in whole Caske or by the Gallon in any Citty Towne Corporate or Market Towne before notice given to an Officer of Excise but betweene the houres of the day hereafter mentioned (That is to say) From the Twenty fifth day of March to the Twenty nineth day of September yearely betweene the houres of Three of the Clocke in the morning and Nine of the Clocke in the evening, and from the Nine and twentyeth day of September to the Five and twentyeth day of March yearely betweene the houres of Five of the clocke in the morning and Seaven of the clocke in the evening upon paine that every Brewer doeing contrary hereunto shall for every such Offence forfeite and loose the summe of Twenty shillings for every Barrell of Beere or Ale that shall be soe carryed out contrary to the true meaning of this Act to be leavyed and recovered as in and by this present Act is hereafter enacted and appointed.

And be it further enacted by Authoritie aforesaid That if any common Brewer Innkeeper Victualler or other

Retailer of Beere or Ale shall at any time after the First day of September after an Accompt hath beene taken

by the said Gager or Gagers of the quantity and quality of the Beere Ale or Worts found in his Tun and other Brewing Vessells convert any part of his small Beere or small Worts soe taken account of into Strong Beere or Ale by mingling letting downe or strikeing over any such Strong Ale or Strong Worts [into3] which, or amongst any such small Beere or small Worts, and shall sell, deliver out, or retaile the same or any part thereof without giveing notice to the same Gager or Gagers of the quantity soe mingled and converted as aforesaid, or if any such Brewer or Retailer as aforesaid shall after the said time hide conceale or convey any Beere Ale or Worts not gaged from the sight or view of the Gager or Gagers appointed to take accompt of the same whereby the Kings Majestie or

his Commissioners or Farmers shall or may be defrauded in any manner of wise of the Dutyes due for the same

or any part thereof every such common Brewer Victualler and Retailer for every Barrell of Beere or Ale by him or them soe mingled, converted, sold, delivered, hid, concealed or conveyed away contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, shall forfeite and loose the summe of Twenty shillings to be levyed and recovered in manner and forme as in and by this present Act is hereafter ordained and appointed.

And be it further declared and enacted That all and every the Brewing Vessells and Utensills for Brewing into whose hands soever the same shall come, and by what Conveyance or Title soever the same be claimed shall be lyeable and subject unto, and are hereby chained with all and Angular the Debts and Dutyes of Excise in

15° Car. II. c. 11.

491

arreare and oweing by any person or persons for [any *] Beare or Ale made within the said Brew house, and shall alsoe be subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such person or persons soe useing the said Brew house for any offence against the Lawes and Statutes for Excise, And that it shall be lawfull in all cases to leavy Debts and Penalties and use such Proceedings against the Utensills therein contained as it may be lawfull to doe in case the Debter or Offender useing the said Utensills had beene truely and really Owner and Proprietor of the same,

And be it further enacted by Authority aforesaid That after the First day of September noe common Brewer of% Bee re or Ale nor any other person whatsoever who hath or shall compound for the Dutyes of Excise for Beere or Ale by him brewed or to be brewed shall dureing the terme of such Composition brew or make or suffer or permitt any Beere or Ale to be brewed or made within his Brewhouse for any other common Brewer whatsoever without first giveing notice as well of every perticular brewing as of the quantity and quality of the Beere and Ale at every such brewing intended to be brewed and made unto the respective Commissioners Farmers or Sub Commissioners of Excise within the Distri&s of whose Office such common Brewer doth or shall inhabite and

XIII. Brewer compounding for Duties not to brew for any other Brewer with-

out giving Notice to Commissioners, &c. of the District.

forthwith paying downe unto the said respective Commissioners Farmers or Sub Commissioners the full Excise of all the said Beere and Ale, upon paine that aswell the Brewer who shall brew the same, as the Brewer for whom Penalty, the said Beere or Ale shall be brewed shall forfeite and loose for every Barrell the summe of Five Pounds, the one moyety to the Kings Majestie, and the other moyetie to the Informer that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record,

And be it further enacted by Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said First day of September noe person or persons shall be permitted to sell, or retaile any Coffee, Chocolate Sherbett or Tea without Licence first obtained and had by Order of the Generali Sessions of the Peace in the [severall and respective Countyes Certificate being first shewed that they have given good Security for the (*) payment of their dues to the King,3] or the Cheife Magistrate of the place in whose Jurisdiction he or they doe or shall inhabite or dwell for the selling or retailing of the same, nor shall any Licence be granted to any Retailer untill Securitie first given by Recognizance or otherwise, For which License, Recognizance and Securitie Twelve pence shall be given and noe more for the payment of the Excise, And every person or persons selling or retailing any of the said Liquors without License had and Security given as aforesaid shall forfeite and loose the summe of Five pounds for every moneth he or they shall continue selling or retailing the same.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said First day of September noe Brewer or other person whatsoever shall bribe or corrupt, or give any Money Fee or other Reward whatsoever to any Gager or Gagers or other Officer whatsoever to make any false Retume or Reporte into the office of Excise of any Beere Ale or other Liquors exciseable made or brewed or to be made or brewed within his or their Charge Division or Walke, or to forbeare or omit the doeing or executeing of his or their Places or Imployments upon penalty of Ten pounds for every such Offence, And that noe Swome Gager or Gagers or other Officer whatsoever shall directly or indirectly take and receive any Bribe Money Fee Gift or other Reward of any Brewer or other person whatsoever for any cause or matter relateing to the Excise upon Penaltie that every such Sworne Gager or Other Officer soe offending shall for every such Offence forfeite and loose the summe of Ten pounds, all and every of which said respective offences shall be proved by the Oathes of Two lawfull and credible Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace or Cheife Magistrate of the place where such offence shall be committed which said Justices or Magistrates respectively have hereby power to administer the said Oathes and alsoe to examine adjudge and determine the same, and to cause such penalties by Warrant under their Hands and Seales to be leavyed by Distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goods, rendring to the party the overplus and for want of such Distresse to committ every such Offender to the common Gaole of such County [or Place'] there to remaine by the space of Three Moneths without Baile or Maineprize,

XIV.

No Person to tell or retail Coffee, Chocolate, &c. without License, and giving Security for Payment of Duties.

Fee for Licence and Security. Selling, &c. without License. Penalty.

XV. Brewers, &c. bribing Officers;

Penalty j£xo.

Officer receiving Bribe;

Penalty j£io.

How such Offences to be proved.

Penalties may be levied by Distress.

[And for the better leavying and collecting the Dutyes of Excise upon all forreigne or imported Liquors, Be it enacted by Authority aforesaid That noe such forreigne or imported Liquors shall be landed or putt on shore out of any Shipp or Vessell from beyond the Seas before due Entry be first made thereof with the Officer or Collector appointed for the Excise in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, or before the Duty of Excise due and payable for the 6ame be fully satisfied and paid And that every Warrant for the landing or delivering of any such Forreigne Liquors shall be signed by the hand of the said Officer or Collector of the Excise in the said Port or Place respectively upon paine that all such Forreigne Liquors as shall be landed, putt on shore, or delivered contrary to the true intent and meaneing hereof, or without the presence of an Officer or Waiter for the Excise or the value thereof shall be forfeited and lost, the one moyetie to the Kings Majestie and the other moyetie to him or them who shall or will seise informe or sue for the same to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof.

XVI. Foreign or imported Liauor* not to be landed before Entry or Duty paid.

Warrant for landing to be signed by Officer.

Penalty.

And that noe person or persons whatsoever bringing any Exciseable Liquors (except Beere Aiie Sider Perry Liquort coaited and Metheglin) into any part or place of this Realme by Coast Cocquet Transire or Certificate^ nor any person (^b^Umded or persons to whom the same or any of them shall be consigned shall land, or cause any such Exciseable Liquors ^son Entry, (except before excepted) to be landed or putt on shore without makeing or causeing due Entry to be made of the same with the Officer or Officers of the Excise for the time being appointed to receive and take such Entryes within the Port or Place where the same shall be landed upon paine in every such case as aforesaid to forfeite Penalty, double the value of the said Liquors landed or put on shore contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof,3]

15° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1663.

XVIII.

On Appeal, Deposit of Single Duty to be made, and Security to Commissioners of Appeal.

If upon Appeal Original Judgment rererted. Deposit, or a fit Part thereof, to be restored to Appellant;

and double Costs.

If Judgment affirmed. Appellant to pay the like Costs.

XIX.

Duty to be paid by Persons making Vinegar Beer.

XX. Proviso for Colleges, See. brewing their own Beer.

XXI. Appeals to be heard in the proper County.

XXII. Commissioners, Sjc. taking Fees or Reward for taking Bonds, Scc. Penalty ios.

XXIII. Justices of Peace, dec. to meet to determine Offences.

XXIV. How Penalties to be disposed of;

and recovered.

XXV. Limitation of Appeals in London;

in the Country.

XXVI. Commissioner, Farmers, &c. to take the Oath of is Car. II. c. 23.

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted and ordained by Authoritie aforesaid That noe Appeale in any Cause of Excise whatsoever shall be admitted undll the Parde Appellant shall have first deposited and laid downe the single Duty of Excise in the hands of the Commissioners Farmers or Sub Commissioners of Excise within arhoee Jurisdiction or Division the said Cause was originally heard and determined, and have given Securitie to the Commissioners of Appeale or Justice of the Peace respectively where such Cause is to be finally adjudged for all such Fine Forfeiture and Penaltie as upon such heareing and determination was adjudged against him. And that if upon the heareing and determineing of any such Appeale the said Originall Judgement shall happen to be reversed and made null, then and in every such case the said Commissioners Farmers or Sub Commissioners of Excise in whose hands the said single Duty of Excise was deposited shall restore and deliver backe the same or as much thereof as shall be adjudged by the Commissioners of Appeales or Justices of the Peace respectively to the said Appellant, and the partie originally prosecuteing shall pay him double Costs, But in case the first Judgement shall be affirmed the partie appealing shall pay the like Costs unto the Commissioner or Commissioners complained of Any thing in this A d or in any other A d or Statute whatsoever to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by Authoritie aforesaid That all and every person or persons whatsoever brewing or makeing any Beere whether in a common Brew house or otherwise for sale, or to convert into Vinegar for sale shall pay for every Barrell of such Vinegar Beere soe made and brewed the severall and respective summes already imposed and sett by any the Acts of Excise above mentioned upon Vinegar Beere brewed by any common Brewer in any common Brew house, Any thing in the said Acts or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding

It is hereby further declared That every Colledge and Hall in either of the Universities which before the Duty of Excise was imposed did brew their owne Beere and Ale within their owne Prednds and size it out to their respective Members within their owne Prednds onely are not lyeable to the payment of any Duty of Excise for the same either by this or any the forementioned Acts.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That all Differences Appeales and Complaints that shall happen and arise betweene partie and partie in order to the payment of the Duty of Excise shall be heard and determined in the proper Countie or in the severall Rideings and Divisions of Yorkeshire and Lincolneshire where they shall arise and not elsewhere

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Farmer Commissioner Sub Commissioner or other Officer of Excise shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money Fee or Reward for or concerning the takeing of any Bond, or giveing any Receipt or Note in Writeing relateing to the Excise to or from any person or persons whatsoever upon paine that every such person soe offending shall for every such offence forfeite the summe of Ten shillings

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Justices of the Peace or any two or more of them or Cheife Magistrates in the severall Countyes Cittyes Divisions and Places within England and Wales respectively shall meete once in every Moneth in their respective Divisions or oftener if there shall be occasion to heare determine and to adjudge all matters and offences against this or the aforesaid Acts

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That one third part of all Fines Penalties and Forfeitures not herein otherwise disposed shall be to the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors and one other third part to the Poore of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, and the other third part to him that shall informe and sue for the same And that all Fines Penalties and Forfeitures for which noe remedy is ordained for recovery thereof by this Act shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Informations in any Court of Record within such County Citty or Corporation where the Offence shall be committed or by such other wayes and meanes and in such manner as by the said former Act is directed and appointed.

Provided alwayes That after the said Third Day of September noe Appeale in any Matter or Cause of Excise within the immediate Limitts of the Cheife Office of London, nor within the Limits of the present Farme of London dureing the continuance of such Farme shall be admitted unlesse the same be brought within Two Monethes next after the first Judgement and notice thereof given or left at the Dwelling house of the party or partyes concerned therein, nor shall any Appeale in any Matter or Cause of Excise in any other County Citty Towne or Place be admitted unlesse the same be brought within Fower Moneths after the first Judgement and notice given as aforesaid. Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse and it is hereby enacted That noe Commissioner Farmer Sub Commissioner or other person imployed or to be imployed in the farmeing collecting or takeing Accompts for the Duty of Excise doe after the First day of September next take upon him or them any such Office, or proceed in execution of any such Imployment untill he or they have first taken the Oathes appointed to be taken by the Act of Parliament Entiluled A Grant of certaine Impositions on Beere Ale and other Liquors for the encrease of His Majesties Revenue dureing His life before the respective persons appointed in the said Act of Parliament, and have entred his Certificate for takeing the said Oathes with the Auditor for Excise under the Penaltie of Fifty pounds for every Moneth he or they shall soe negcled to take the same

403

CHAPTER XH.

An Explanatory Act for Recovery of the Arreares of Excise.

BE it declared and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authoride of the same That where any Commissioner Sub Commissioner Treasurer and all other Officers which were heretofore imployed in the Receipt of the Excise, Farmer, or Collector of Excise which are and standeth charged with, or accomptable for any Dutyes of Excise by him or them received farmed or detained or any wayes due from the persons before named or any of them and not pardoned by the late Act endtuled An Act of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnity and Oblivion that there and in such case all and every the Suretyes of such person and persons charged or chargeable as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be lyable and answerable according to the nature of their respective Securityes Any doubt or question made touching the Construdlion of the said late Act of Free and Generali Pardon to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That where the Commissioners of Excise for the time being or the major part of them have issued out any Summons or Warning which hath beene left at the house or usuall place of residence or with the Wife Childe or meniall Servant of any the aforesaid person or persons chargeable or accomptable as aforesaid, the same shall be deemed and adjudged a good and sufficient Summons and as legall and effectuall a notice as if the same had beene actually delivered to the proper hands of such person or persons to whom the same was directed, Any doubt or question thereof made to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XQL

An Additionall Act for the better ordering and collecting the Revenue ariseing by Hearth Money

WHEREAS the Revenue setled on His Majestie His Heires and Successors by a late Act endtuled (An Act for establishing an addidonall Revenue upon His Majesty His Heires and Successors for the better support of His and their Crowne and Dignide) hath beene much obstructed for want of true and just Accompts under the hands of the respective Occupiers of Houses Edifices Lodgeings and Chambers as by the said Act is required, and by the negligence of Constables and other Officers intrusted with the takeing and reformeing such Accompts Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by Authoride of the same That the Justices of the Peace of the respective Countyes Corporations Places and Limitts within their respective Jurisdictions at the next Sessions to be held after the Feast of Saint Michaell the Arch Angell next ensueing or the major part of them then present shall issue out Warrants under their hands and seales to the respective High Constables or other like next Officer who shall issue the like Warrants unto the Petty Constables Headboroughes and Tything-men requireing them Qon the next Sunday after Morning Service ended to give publique notice in the Church or Chappell generally to all the Inhabitants, and alsoe1] to give notice publiquely in the Church and perticularly as aforesaid to every Inhabitant within their respective Precincts that shall then be Occupier of any House Edifice Lodgeing or Chamber That within Ten dayes next after such notice he give a true and just accompt in writeing under his band of all Hearthes and Stoves in such respective House Edifice Lodgeing and Chamber unto such respective Constable Headborough and Tythingman who upon Receipt of such Account shall with Two other substandall Inhabitants of the said respective Precinct whom they are hereby authorized to charge for that purpose in the day time enter into the respective House Edifice' Lodgeing and Chamber and upon his owne view compare such Accompt and see whether the same be truely made or not, and endorse the said Accompt accordingly to what he finds upon his view, which Accompt soe received and endorsed shall be by him transmitted within Twenty dayes after such Receipt to the respective High Constable or other like Officer as aforesaid together with a Booke or Roll fairely written wherein shall be Two Colunmes, The one containing the Names of the persons and number of Hearthes and Stoves in their respective Possessions that are chargeable by the said Act, and the other the Names of the persons and number of Hearthes and Stoves in their respective Possessions which are not chargeable by the said Act, Which being soe received by such respective High Constable or other like Officer as aforesaid and compared together shall within Six dayes after such Receipt be transmitted to the two next respective Justices of the Peace who are hereby impowered to examine the said respective High Constable or other like Officer as aforesaid Petty Constable Headborough or Tythingman upon Oath concerning the trueth and faithfulnes of their adtings in the premisses, which being done the said Justices shall within Ten dayes after such examination signe and transmitt the said Booke and Roll together with the said Originall Accounts soe endorsed as aforesaid and filed together unto the respective Clerke of the Peace who shall within Twenty dayes after receipt thereof engrosse the said Booke or Roll in Parchment to be still kepte in the respective County and places aforesaid, and shall alsoe within Two Moneths engrosse in Parchment a true Duplicate of the said Booke or Roll, which being signed by him, and by two Justices of the Peace at least of the respective County and places aforesaid shall be transmitted within one Moneth after such Engrossment into His Majesties Courts of Exchequer

6 K

Rot. Pari t$ C. II. p. a. mm. 11.

Sureties of Commissioners, fee. not pardoned by ia Car.a. c. if. declared liable.

II.

Summons by Commissioners to Persona accountable left at the House, Ac. deemed good.

Rot. Pari• 15 C.II• p. 2. tut. ia.

Reciting that the Revenue settled by 13 fle 14C. II. c.io. has been much obstructed for want of true Accounts from Occupiers of Houses, flic.

Justices of Peace, to issue Warrants to High Constables, flee, who are to issue like Warrants to Petty Constables, &c. to give public Notice to Occupiers of Houses, flic, to give true Accounts of Hearths, flee, within Ten Days.

Officers may enter Houses, flee, in the Daytime, and upon view compare Accounts to rendered, and endorse and return same to High Constable, with a Book or Roll as herein mentioned.

High Constable to compare and transmit same to Two Justices of the Peace.

Justices to examine Officers and transmit Book and Accounts to Clerk of the Peace, who is to engross the Book, and transmit Duplicate signed by him and the Justices, to the Exchequer.

15° Car. II. c. 13.

.0.1663.

II.

Occupier of House not rendering true Account;

Penalty 40a.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That if any Occupier of any House Edifice Lodgeing or Chamber shall not make or cause to be made an account, or shall ommitt in his account required to be made by this Act any Hearth or Stove, he shall for every such Hearth or Stove he shall soe ommitt forfeit the summe of Forty shillings,

III.

Petty Constable, &c. neglecting to transmit Accounts, See. to High Constable j

Penalty

Provided alsoe That if any Petty Constable Headborough or Tythingman to whom such Accounts as aforesaid shall come shall negcled to transmitt the same together with a Booke or Roll in manner and time aforesaid to the respective High Constable [or other like Officer as aforesaid, or shall make default in giveing such notice as aforesaid, or in compareing the Account with two substantiall Inhabitants as aforesaid1] shall forfeit for every such offence the summe of Five Pounds

IV.

High Constable neglecting to compare and transmit Accounts, See. Penalty j£io. Penalties, how recovered.

Provided alsoe That if any High Constable or other like Officer as aforesaid shall negcled to compare the said Originall Accounts and the said Booke or Roll, or to transmitt the same in manner and time aforesaid he shall for every such offence forfeite the summe of Ten pounds, All which before mentioned Forfeitures and Penalties shall be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majesties Courts of Record, the one halfe to the use of His Majestie, the other halfe to the use of him or them that shall sue for the same.

V.

Reciting that Revenue has been prejudiced by annual Change of Officers.

Change of Officers not to disable from collecting Revenue.

VI.

Officer neglecting, &c. to c<me& and pay over Revenue 5

Penalty aos.

And whereas His Majesties said Revenue setled by the aforesaid Act hath beene much prejudiced by annuall changing of Petty Constables Headboroughes Tythingmen High Constables and Sheriffes to whom the collecting and Receipt of His Majesties said Revenue is thereby intrusted Be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the changing of such Annuall Officers or leaveing of their said Offices shall not excuse or disable any person who shall be Constable Headborough Tythingman High Constable or Sheriffe at the time that any Revenue or Duty shall grow due or payable by the said Act from collecting destraining and receiveing respectively such Revenue or Duty soe growne due, but that every such person in such case is hereby enabled and required to doe all things respectively as to such Revenue or Duty soe growing due as if he had continued Constable Headborough Tythingman High Constable or Sheriffe Any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person who by the said or this Act ought to collect distraine for receive or pay over any the said Revenue shall negcled or refuse to doe his Duty therein, for every weeke he shall negcled or refuse he shall forfeite the summe of Twenty shillings to be recovered in manner and by such person or persons as the aforesaid Forfeitures by this Act are to be recovered

VII. Officer entering to distrain may call Inhabitants to assist him.

Provided alsoe and be it declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That in all cases which by this or the aforesaid Act any Petty Constable Headborough or Tythingman may enter into the house of any person, or may distraine the Goods of any person he may call to his aide any two sufficient Inhabitants of the respective Towneshipps or Precincts who are hereby enjoyned to assist him therein,

VIII. Sheriff appointed to be a Collector may execute the Office by Deputy.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted and declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That where any Sheriffe is by the aforesaid Act appointed to be Collector of any part of the said Revenue that such Sheriffe may execute the said place of Collector by such Deputy or Deputyes as to him shall seeme meete, being thereunto appointed under the Great Seale of his Office or under his owne hand and Seale, Any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.

Treasurers of Inns of Court, Colleges, &c. to act as Constables, and Occupiers of Chambers, &c. to account as Occupiers of Houses, and under the like Penalties.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the respective Treasurers and other Officers of the respective Innes of Court Innes of Chauncery Coiledges and other Societies chargeable by the aforesaid Act for their Hearthes and Stoves shall doe all things as the respective Constables by this Act are enjoyned to doe under the like Penaltyes though without any Warrant from the respective Justices of the Peace, And that every Occupier of any House Edifice Lodgeing or Chamber within any the respective Innes of Court Innes of Chauncery Coiledges and Societyes aforesaid shall doe all things and under the like Penaltyes as are required by this Act of any Occupier of any House Edifice Lodgeing or Chamber elsewhere.

X.

Provito for High Bailiff of Westminster collecting the Duty

subject to the same Penalties as Sheriffs. Sheriff of Middlesex discharged as to Westminster.

Constables, See. to deliver Duplicates of Accounts, See. to Bailiff.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the High Bayliffe of Westminster for the time being or his or their Deputye or Deputyes may within the Citty and Liberties of Westminster from and after the Eight and twentyeth day of September next collect and levy the said Duty and putt in execution all the Powers of the said former Act and this present Act as amply as any Sheriffes who by the said former Act are made Collectors may doe within their respective Limitts and Jurisdictions appointed to them by the said Act And the said Bayliffe for the time being shall be subject to the same Penalties and Dutyes as the said Sheriffes are and shall receive the same reward, and the Sheriffe of Midlesex for the time being is discharged from putting in execution the Trust aforesaid in the said Citty and Liberty of Westminster from the said Eight and twentyeth day of September saveing onely for the collecting of such arreares as then shall happen to be. And the Constables and Headboroughes and other Officers within the said Citty and Liberty of Westminster shall deliver unto the said Bayliffe Duplicates of all Accounts of Hearthes and Stoves and doe all other things in such manner as by the said Act they ought to have done unto the said [Sheriffe,*] Any thing in the said or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

15° Car. II. c. 13, 14.

405

Provided alw&yes and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Bayliffe of the Burrough of Southwarke . XI. for the time being his Deputy or Deputyes may within the said Burrough and other Libertyes of Southwarke from u to ^ and after the Eight and twentyeth day of September next collect and levy the said Duty, and putt in execution all ^Officer* of the Powers of the said former Act and this present Act as amply as any Sheriffes who by the said former Act are made Collectors may doe within their respective Limitts and Jurisdidions appointed to them by the said Act, and the said Bayliffe for the time being shall be subject to the same Penalties and Dutyes as the said Sheriffes are and shall receive the same reward, and the Sheriffe of Surrey for the time being is discharged from putting in execution Sheriff of Surrey the trust aforesaid in the said Burrough and [Liberty1] of Southwarke from the said Eight and twentyeth day of September And the Constables and other Officers within the said Burrough and Liberties shall deliver unto the Constable*, *c. to said Bayliffe Duplicates of all Accounts of Hearthes and Stoves, and doe all other things in such manner as by Duplicates of the said Acts they ought to have done unto the said Sheriffes Any thing in the said former or this Act to the Accounts, &c. contrary notwithstanding.

[Provided alsoe and bee it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That it shall and may be lawful! to and for the Lord High Treasurer of England and the Chauncellour of His Majesties Court of Exchequer or either of them to give and make such [further*] allowance unto the Clerkes of the Peace of the respective Countyes of this Kingdome (for their labour and paines in and about the writeing engrossing and returning into His Majesties Court of Exchequer the Duplicates and Returnes of the severall Constables in Parchment over and besides what is allowed by the said first recited Act as the said Lord High Treasurer and Chauncellor or either of them shall thinke meete and convenient, the same allowance not exceeding One Penny in the pound by the yeare, Any thing in the said former or in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.3]

XII.

Treasurer and Chancellor of the Exchequer may make further Allowance to Clerk* of the Peace,not exceeding id. per Pound per Annum.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for setting the Proffitts of the Post Office and Power of graunting Wyne Lycences on his Royall Highnes O.ea.p.

the Duke of Yorke and the Heires Males of his Body. (4)

WHEREAS the Lords & Comons being assembled at Westminster the five and twentieth Day of Aprill Anno Domini One thousand six hundred and sixty in the twelfth Yeare of the Raigne of our most gracious Soveraigne Lord Charles the Second by the Grace of God of England Scotland France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith were there continued untill the nyne and twentyeth Day of December next following and then dissolved [in which Time3] A certaine Act was made entituled An Act for the better ordering the selling of Wynes by retaile and for preventing abuses in the mingling corrupting and vitiating of Wynes and for settling and limitting the Prices of the same whereby it was enacted that no Person or Persons whatsoever from and after the five and twentieth Day of March in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and one unless hee or they should be authorized and enabled in manner and forme as by the said Act is appointed shall sell or utter by retaile any Kind of Wyne or Wynes to be spent in his or their Mansion House or Houses or other place by any meane whatsoever upon payne of Forfeite for every such Offence the Sume of Five Pounds the one Moyety thereof to the King and the other Moyety to him or them that will sue for the same And it was further thereby enacted that it should be lawfull for his Majesty his Heires and Successors from Tyme to Tyme to issue out under his or their great Seale of England One or more Comission or Comissions directed to two or more Persons thereby authorising them to lycence and give Authority to such Person or Persons as they should thinke fitt to sell and utter by Retayle all and every or any kind of Wyne or Wynes to bee drunke and spent aswell within the House or Howses or other Place in the Tenure or Occupation of the Party soe lycenced as without in any Citty Towne or other Place within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Barwicke upon Tweede and such Comis6ioners are to contract for selling and uttering of Wynes by Retayle in any Citty or other Place as aforesaid in such manner and forme and under such Provisoes as in the said Act is mentioned And it is further provided by the said Act that the Rents Revenues and Sumes of Money arising by the said Act should bee duly and constantly paid and answered into his Majesty es Receipt of Exchequer and not bee charged or chargeable either before it bee paid into the Exchequer or after with any Guift or Pention As by the said Act amongst divers other Provisoes and Clauses may more at large appeare And also one other Act was at the same Time made entituled An Act for erecting and establishing a Post Office whereby it [is5] enacted That from thenceforth there should bee one Generali Letter Office erected and established in some convenient Place within the Citty of London from whence all Letters and Pacquetts may bee sent into any Parte of the Kingdome of England Scotland and Ireland or other of his Majestyes Dominions or unto any Kingdome or Country beyond the Seas and that one Master of the said Generali Letter Office shall bee from Tyme to Tyme appointed by the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors by his or their Letters Patterns under the great Seale of England by the Name and Stile of his Majestyes Post Master Genorall which said Post Master and his Deputy and Deputy es by him thereunto sufficiently authorised and his and their Servants and Agents and no other Person shall have the receiving ordering or sending Post 6f all Letters and Pacquetts whatsoever to bee sent to and from the Places aforesaid (except as therein and thereby ia excepted) And it was thereby provided That such Post Master Generali and his Deputy and Deputy es may demand have receive and take for the Portage of all such Letters which he shall convey as aforesaid and for

Recital of ia Car. II. c.25. § 1.

*6.

and of r J Car. II.

c.$s-

*4*

1 Liberties 0. * interlined on the Roll.

4 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office.

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* interlined.

496

15° Car. II. c. 14.

A.D. 166S.

k lS- the providing and furnishing Horses for thorough Posts according to the Rates therein mentioned And that his Majesty his Heires and Successors may grant the said Office of Post Master Generali with the Powers and Authorityes thereunto belonging, and the severall Rates of Portage therein mentioned And all Profitts Priviledges Fees Perquisitts and Emoluments thereunto belonging either for Life or Terme of Yeares not exceeding One and Twenty Yeares to such Person and Persons and under such Covenants Conditions and yearely Rents to his said Majesty his Heires and Successors reserved as hee or they shall from Tyme to Tyme thinke fitt as by the said Act amongst divers other Clauses and Provisoes therein conteined may more at large appeare Both which Acts have beene confirmed by this present Parliament Now forasmuch as the Kings most excellent Majesty is graciously pleased out of his princely Care and great Love and Affection to his most entirely beloved Brother James Duke of Yorke for and towards the Maintenance and Support of the said Duke his State and Dignity to grant and Dufe of York the assigne all and every the Power and Powers Authority and Authorityes of giving Licence to any Person or Persons

to sell or utter by retaile all and every or any kind of Wyne or Wynes whatsoever with all Rents Sume and Sumes

* 5 of Money Revenues Profitts and Emoluments whatsoever that shall or may arise from or out or by reason of such

Power or licencing the retayling of Wynes or Forfeitures for retayling of Wynes without such Lycences unto the

and the Revenue* said James Duke of Yorke and to the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten And also all the

STMT C Rents Sume and Sumes of Money and revenues that shall arise grow and become due of or from the said Generali

and that both the said Ada have been confirmed; And reciting that the King had granted and

The said Duke and the Heir* Male of his Body to have all the said Powers and Profits from granting Licences to retail Wine}

and a Moiety of the Penalties of is Car. II. c. ay.

Letter Office or Post Office or Office of Postmaster Generali unto the said James Duke of Yorke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten Bee it therefore enacted and declared by the Kings most excellent

Majesty by and with the Advise and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this

present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the said James Duke of Yorke and the

Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten shall have all and every the Powers and Authorityes aforesaid

to give and grant Licences to such Person or Persons as he or they shall thinke fitt to sell and utter by Retaile all and every or any kind of Wyne or Wynes whatsoever to be drunke and spent as well within the House and Houses or other Place in the Tenure or Occupation of the Party soe licenced as without in any Citty Towne or other Place whatsoever within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne and Port of Barwicke upon Tweede, together with all Benefitts and Profitts thereof And alsoe that the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten shall [havel] that Moyety of the Forfeitures and Penaltyes which by the said recited Act is given to his Majesty his Heires and Successors

II.

Power to the Agents of the said Duke to contract for granting Licences.

And it is hereby further declared That all and every other Person or Persons which from Tyme to Tyme or at any Tymes hereafter shall bee by the said James Duke of Yorke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to bee begotten appointed authorised or deputed Agent or Agents Comissioner or Comissioners to treat and contract; for giving Licences and Dispensations to any Person or Persons for the selling and utterring Wines by retaile in any Citty or Towne or other Place as aforesaid shall have the full and sole Power and Authority to treate and contract for giving Lycences to any person or persons for the selling and utterring Wynes by Retaile in any Citty Towne or other place as aforesaid, Any Law Statute Grant Usage or Custome to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding in as full and ample manner as the Kings Agents or Comissioners might doe by vertue of the said recited Act

III.

Persons appointed by the said Duke to grant Licences, enabled so to do under the Seal of the Duke or his Heirs Male.

No Fine to be taken.

Remedy for Rents reserved to the Duke;

Discharge of the Duke or his Receiver General good Discharge.

IV.

The King not to grant Licenses.

V.

Proviso for Contract s for Licenses already made by the King.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that such Person or Persons as shall bee appointed by the said James Duke of Yorke or the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten under his or their Hand and Seale for granting Licences for selling and utterring Wynes by Retaile are hereby enabled under such Seale as the said Duke or the Heires Males of his Body begotten [or to be begotten1] shall appointe to grant Licences for the selling and utterring Wynes by Retayle to any Person or Persons or for any Tyme or Times not exceeding One and twenty Yeares if such Persons shall soe long live and for such yearely Rents and under such conditions as they shall thinke fitt soe as no fine bee taken for the same but that the Rents or Sumes of Money soe agreed for and reserved shall be duly paid at the Tymes and Places agreed for the Payment thereof for which Rents soe reserved in case the same shall not bee paid the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to bee begotten shall and may have Power by this Act to sue for the same by Bill Plainte or Action of Debt in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster or elswhere in his owne Name or to sue for the same in his Majestyes Name in the Court of the Exchequer at the Election of the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten and that the Discharge of the said James Duke of Yorke and of the Heires Males of his Body begotten [or to be begotten1] or of his or their Receiver Generali for the Tyme being shall be a full and effectuall Discharge to all Intents and Purposes for all such Moneyes as have or shall bee received by vertue of the Act for Wyne Lycences

Provided alwayes that the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors shall not during the Continuance of the said Estate Tayle by himselfe or Agents grant any Comission or Comissions Licence or Lycences for the selling or utterring of any Wynes by Retaile

And also provided that nothing in this Act conteined shall make void any Contrafts Leases or Agreements that have beene made by His Majestyes Agents for granting Licences for selling and uttering Wynes by retaile in pursuance of the said Act but the Same Contrafts Leases and Agreements shall remaine in such force as they were before the making of this Act, and that the Rents thereupon reserved, and all Arreares thereof shall be paid unto the said Duke and to the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten

15° Car. II. c. 14.

49T

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all the yearely Rents Sume or Sumes of Money Revenues Issues and Profitts whatsoever that shall grow due accrue or bee payable unto his Majesty his Heires or Successors for or by reason of the said Generali Letter Office or Post Office or Office of Post Master Generali

or annexed incident or belonging to the said Post Office or Generali Letter Office or Office of Post Master Generali

or issuing out of the same or accruing or growing due for or by reason of the same shall bee and hereby are vested and settled by vertue of this Act upon the said Janies Duke of Yorke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten [or to bee begotten '] with full and sole power from Tyme to Tyme for the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten his and their Receivers Generali to receive all and every the said Rents Issues and Profitts accruing for or issuing out of the said Office and from Tyme to Tyme to give Discharges for the Money soe received

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That none of the said yearly Rents Issues

and Profitts arrising growing due accruing or issuing out of the [said1] Generali Letter Office or Post Office

or‘Office of Post master Generali shall for and during the [said1] Estate Tayle be paid into the Exchequer but onely to the said Duke and to the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten his or their Receivor Generali for the tyme being, and also that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Duke and for the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten in the name of his Majesty his Heires or Successors or in his or their owne Name to sue for the same by Bill Plaint Information Action of Debt or otherwise in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity wherein noe Protestion Wager of Law or Essoigne shall lye

Provided also that nothing herein conteined shall make void the grant made by his Majesty to Daniell Oneale Esquier of the Office of Post master Generali or Generali Letter Office or Post Office for foure Yeares and one Quarter of a Yeare from the [said1] five and twentieth Day of March in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and three under the yearely Rent of One and twenty Thousand five Hundred Pounds for all the said Terme (except the last Quarter which is paid aforehand soe as the said rents bee paid unto his said Highness James Duke of Yorke and to the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten

Provided also and it is hereby further enacted and declared That it shall and may be lawfull for the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors at any tyme or tymes during the said Estate Tayle by warrant under his Privy Seale to charge any Sume [or severall Sumes1] of Money not exceeding [in the whole'] the Sume of five thousand three hundred fowerscore and two Pounds Tenn Shillings to be paid out of the Profitts of the Office of Post master Generali, to the which said Sume of five thousand three hundred fowerscore and two Pounds tenn Shillings, the severall Sumes and Payments now all ready charged thereupon doe in the whole amount (the grant of which Sumes are not to be avoided by this Act) [and w1* said Sumes of Money not exceeding the said Sume of five thousand three hundred fourescore and two Pounds ten Shillings to be granted by His Ma"e as aforesaid, are, and shalbe by Authority of this Act confirmed and made in full Force.1]

Provided further that the Kings most excellent Majesty his Heires and Successors shall have the Nomination of the Post Master Generali of the said Post Office, and shall from tyme to tyme nominate and appointe such Person and Persons as he or they shall please to be Postmaster Generali of the said Office and may grant the same Office with the Power and Authority thereunto belonging and the said Rates of Portage in the said Act mentioned either for Life or Terme of Yeares not exceeding one and twenty Yeares to such Person or Persons as he or they shall thinke fitt under the most improved Yearely Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same by the said Duke or the Heires Males of his Body [begotten or to be begotten'] without Fines the said yearely rent to be reserved and payable to the said Duke and to the Heires Males of his Body [begotten or'] to be begotten and also under such Covenants Conditions and Agreements as the said Duke or the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten shall thinke fitting Any Thing in this present Act conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said James Duke of Yorke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten [and to be begotten1] to settle any Part of the [said'] Premisses not exceeding a third Part of the cleare yearely Vallue over and above all charges and Reprises for a Joynture for his or their Wife or Wives and also to lease any other Part of the said Premisses for any Number of Yeares not exceeding one and twenty Yeares and not exceeding one other third Part of the cleare yearely Vallue of [the'] Premisses over and above all [other'] Charges and Reprises in order to raise Portions for his or their yonger Children

Provided also that this Act or any Thing therein conteined shall not in any wise be prejudidall to the Priviledge of the two Universityes of this Land or either of them or to the Chancellor or Schollars of the same or their Successors but that they may use and enjoy such Priviledges as heretofore they have lawfully used and enjoyed Any Thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided also that this Act or any Thing therein conteined shall not extend or be prejudiciall to the Master Wardens and Freemen and Cominalty of the Mistery of Vintners of the Citty of London or to any other Citty or Towne Corporate, but that they may use and enjoy such Libertyes and Priviledges as heretofore they have lawfully used and enjoyed Any Thing herein contayned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

VI.

Po*t Office Revenues hereby settled on the Duke of York and the Heirs Male of his Body.

His and their Receivers General may receive the said Revenue.

VII.

The said Post Office Revenues not to be paid into the Exchequer, but to the Duke, kc. who may sue for the same.

VIII. Proviso for Grant to Daniel O* Neale Esquire of the Office of Post Master General.

IX.

Proviso for His Majesty charging not exceeding ^5,382. 1 os. on Orace of Post Master General.

X.

The King to have the Nomination of Post Master General at a Rent to be reserved to the Duke of York.

XI.

The Duke, kc. enabled to settle a Jointure on Wives out of the said Premises, and to lease the same.

XII. Proviso for the Privileges of the Universities.

XIII. Proviso for the Vintners of London and for other Towns Corporate.

498

15° Car. II. c. 14—16.

A.D. 1665.

xrv.

Proviso for the Borough of Saint Albans, as to appointing and licensing Three Wine Taverns.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That this Act or any Thing therein contoned shall not in any vise extend to debarr or hinder the Maior or Burgesses of the Borough of Sc Albans in the County of Hertford or their Successors from enjoying using and exercising of all such Libertyes Powers and Authorityes to them heretofore granted by severall Letters Pattents under the Great Seale of England by Queene Elizabeth and King James of famous Memoryes for the erecting appointing and licensing of three severall Wyne Tavemes within the Borough aforesaid for and towards the maintenance of the Free Schoole there but that the same Libertyea Powers and Authorityes shall bee and are hereby established and confirmed and shall remaine and continue in and to the said Maior and Burgesses and their Successors to and for the C[hI]aritable use aforesaid and according to the Tenor of the Letters Pattents aforesaid as though this Act had never beene made Any thing herein contemed to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV.

Proviio for Letters sent to and from the Universities.

Provided alwayes That all Letters and other Things may bee sent or conveyed to or from the two Universityea in manner as heretofore hath beene used. Any Thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Rot. Pari 15 C.II. /• i* *. 8.

Recital that Manufadures of Foreign Hemp, See. is imported, to the Detriment of the Kingdom. Reasons for passing this Act.

All Persons, Natives or Foreigners, may without Fee set up and use the Trades of Hemp-dressing and other Trades herein mentioned.

H.

Foreigners using any of the said Trades for Three Years, and taking the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, to be considered as natural-born Subjects.

III.

Not to be liable to greater Taxes, See.

Exception.

CHAPTER XV.

An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of makeing Linen Cloath and Tapistry.

WHEREAS vast quantities of Linen Cloath and other Manufadures of Hempe and Flax and of Tapistry Hangings are dayly imported into this Kingdome from Forreigne parts to the great Detriment and Impoverishment thereof the Moneyes and quicke-stocke of this Kingdome being thereby dayly greatly exhausted and diminished and the poore thereof unimployed while the Materialls for the makeing of such Hangings are here more plentifull and better and cheaper then in those places from whence they are imported, and Flax and Hempe might be had here in great abundance and very good if by setting up the Manufadures of such Commodities as are made thereof it would be taken off the hands of such as sow and plant the same For the Encouragement therefore of those Manufadures bee it enacted and it is hereby enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie thereof That from and after the first day of October next ensueing it shall and may be lawfull for any person or persons whatsoever Native or Forraigner freely and without paying any Acknowledgement Fee or other Gratuity for the same in any place of England or Wales priviledged or unpriviledged Corporate or not Corporate to sett up and exercise the Trade Occupation or Mistery of breaking hickling or dressing of Hempe or Flax as alsoe for makeing and whitening of Threed as alsoe of spining weaveing makeing whitening or bleching of any sorte of Cloath whatsoever made of Hempe or Flax onely, as alsoe the Trade Occupation or Mistery of makeing of Twine or Nets for Fishery or of stoveing of Cordage, as alsoe the Trade Occupation or Mistery of makeing any sort of Tapistry Hangings Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And all Foreigners that shall really and bona fide sett up and use any of the Trades and Manufadures aforesaid by the space of three yeares in this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede shall from thenceforth takeing the Oathes of Alleigiance and Supremacy before two Justices of the Peace neare unto their dwellings who are hereby authorized to administer the same enjoy all Priviledges whatsoever as the Naturall borne Subjects of this Kingdome.

And it is hereby enacted and declared That such Forraigners as shall exercise any of the Trades aforesaid by vertue of this Act shall not (*) any time be lyeable to any other or greater Taxes Payments or Impositions then such as are or shall be paid by His Majesties Naturall borne Subjects unlesse in case they shall use and exercise Merchandice into and from Forreigne parts, in which case they shall be lyeable to pay such Customes as have usually beene paid by Aliens dureing the space of Five yeares next ensueing and noe longer.

CHAPTER XVI.

Rot. Parl. 15 C.II. p. 2. am. 9.

Reatont for passing this Act.

Regulations concerning the packings Herrings of

Fngljf|» MtrKing

pot to Sale.

An Act for regulateing the Herring and other Fisheries, and for repeale of the Ad concerning Madder

FOR the prevention of abuses in the packing and ordering of Herrings and bringing that Commoditie into credit in Forreigne Parts beyond the Seas Be it enacted and it is hereby enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That from and after the First day of August One thousand six hundred sixtie sower noe white or read Herrings of English catching shall be putt to sale in England Wales or in the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede but what shall be packed in lawfiull Barrells or Vesselb, and which shall be well truely and justly laid and packed, and shall be of one time of takeing salting saveing or drying, and equally well packed in the midst and every part of the Barrell or Vessel!, and by a swome Packer, And the Barrell or Vesaell marked or branded by such swome Packer with a marke or brand denoteing the gage

15° Car. II. c. 16, 17.

439

of the Barrell or Vesseil and the quantity quality and condition of Herrings packed therein, and the Towne or Place where they were packed, And the Bailiffes of Great Yarmouth for the time being and the Maior Bailiffes or other Head Officer for the time being of every Port Haven or Creeke out of which any Vessells or Shipps doe proceede to fish for Herrings are hereby authorized and required before the First day of July in the yeare One thousand six hundred sixtie sower and before the First day (') in every yeare after to appoint for their respective Haven Port or Creeke a competent number of able and experienced Packers to view and packe all such white or read Herrings of English catching as shall be brought into their Port Haven or Creeke and well and truely to marke and brand the Barrells or Vessells in which they shall be packed with such marke or brand as is above directed and to administer to them yearely an Oath (which Oath they are hereby authorized and appointed to give to them) for the well and true doeing thereof according to this Act. And in case the said Bailiffes of Great Yarmouth or the Maior Bailiffes or other Head Officer for the time being of any such Port Haven or Creeke shall not appoint and sweare such Packers before such time in every yeare as is by this Act required they shall for every defaulte forfeite the Summe of One hundred Pounds of lawfiill Money of England, One Moyetie to His Majestie His Heires and Successors and the other Moyetie to him or them that shall informe or sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bill Plaint or other Action wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed.

And for the better regulateing of the Island and Westmony Fisheries and Preservation of the Spawne of Fish there be it enacted and it is hereby enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the Five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred sixtie three noe Shipp or Vesseil shall proceede upon a Fishing Voyage for Island and Westmony out of any Port Haven or Creeke in England or Wales or out of the Port of Berwicke upon Tweede untill the tenth day of March in any yeare upon the paine of the Forfeiture of every such Shipp or Vesseil with all her Furniture Tackle and Apparell and of all the Fish caught in such Shipp or Vesseil.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe person or persons whatsoever doe collect leavy or take, or cause to be collected leavyed or taken in New found land any Toll or other duty of, or for any Cod or Poore John, or other Fish of English catching under paine of the losse of double the value of what shall be by them leavyed collected or taken or caused to be collected leavyed or taken, And that noe Planter or other person or persons whatsoever doe cast or lay any Seine or other Net in or neare any Harbour in New found land whereby to take the Spawne or young Fry of the Poore John, or for any other use or uses except for the takeing of Baite onely upon paine of the losse of all such Seins or Nets and of the Fish taken in them or of the value thereof to be recovered in any of His Majesties Courts in New-found Land or in any Court of Record in England or Wales by Bill Plaint or other Action wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Planter or other person or persons whatsoever shall bume destroy or steale any Boate Caske Salt Nets or other Utensills for fishing or makemg of Oyle or other Goods or Merchandice left in any Harbour in New found Land or Greene land by English or bume pull downe or destroy any House built by English in New-found Land or Greene land to live in dureing the fishing season, or Stage built by them in either of the said places for the saveing or [or1] ordering of Fish, or makeing of Oyle upon paine of the losse of double the value of what shall be by them stolne burnt or destroyed to be recovered in any of His Majesties Courts in New-found Land or Greene land respectively, or in any Court of Record in England by Bill Plaint or other Action wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed

And whereas upon the humble Petition and Complaint of the Merchants and Salters of the Citty of London it doth appeare That some sorts of Madder very usefull for dyeing cannot be imported soe pure and cleane as by one Act passed the last Session of this present Parliament (Entituled An Act for the Importation of Madder pure and unmixed) is directed and appointed Be it enacted and it is hereby enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the said Act and every Clause and Thing therein contained be from henceforth utterly void and repealed to all Intents Purposes and Constructions whatsoever

Head Officer* of Port* from which Ships proceed to fish, to appoint a competent number of Packers.

The Duty of such Packers.

To take an Oath.

Such Head Officers not appointing and swearing Packers; Penalty j£ioo.

II.

No Ship to proceed on a Fishing Voyage to Iceland and Westmony until loth March j

Penalty.

in.

Collecting any Tax in Newfoundland for Fish of English catching j Penalty.

Laying Nets to take the Spasm of Poor John, &c. Penalty.

IV.

Destroying Boats and other Utensils of Fishing left in Newfoundland, See. or pulling down Houses of Fishers, &c.

Penalty.

V.

13&14C. 11. c.30. repealed.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Act for settling the dreyning of the Great Levell of the Fenns called Bedford Levell o.uu.ti.

WHEREAS certaine Moores Marshes Fenny and low surrounded Groundes within the Countyes of Northampton,

Noifolke Suffolke Lincolne Cambridge and Huntington and the Isle of Ely were called the Greate Levell of the Fenns and after severall fruitless Undertakings for dreyning the same were upon the Desires of many Persons of Worth and interested in the same declared to be a greate and noble Worke and of much Concernement to the whole Country, and at their earnest Desire undertaken to be dreyned by Francis late Earle of Bedford according to a Law of Sewers made at Kings Lynne in the sixth Yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles of glorious Memory which said Levell is bounded as followeth (viz1) Eastward from the Bridge and Cawsey of Stoake unto The great Level Brandon Bridge upon the Uplands of Northold, Methold, Feltwell Hockwold and Wilton in the county of Norfolke how

and from Brandon Bridge unto the End of Worlington Load upon Mildenhall River upon the Uplands of Brandon

1 of July 0.

1 0. omits.

15- Cak. II. c. 17.

A.D. 1663.

Indenture of the 27th February 7 Car. I.

The Earl of Bedford and Adventurers made a Corporation for the Fens.

The Earl of Bedford Governor.

The Bailiffs. Conservators.

the low Grounds of Wainsford excluding the same, the Uplands of Lakingheath, the Low Grounds of Earsewell excluding the same, and the Uplands of Miidenhall in the County of Suffolke Southwarde from Worlington Load unto Burwell Blocke upon the Uplands of Freckingham, Islham, Fordham, Soham and Wickin in the County of Cambridge and excluding the Low Grounds of Burwell, Landward and other Places lying Eastward from Burwell Blocke aforesaid, and from thence unto the Mill neare Anglisey Abbey upon the Uplands of Burwell Reach SwafFham Pryor, SwafFham Bulbecke and Botsham in the County of Cambridge, and from thence unto the Ferry place at Clayhith upon the Uplands called Quyhall, the Low Ground called Low Fenne and the Uplands of Hormingsey and Clayhith in the said County excluding the Low Grounds called Lowfenn and OfFenne and from the said Ferry place unto Overload upon the Uplands of Water Beach Cottenham Rampton Wivelingham and Over in the said County of Cambridge, and upon the Low Grounds of Swacy in the said County excluding the same Westward from Erith unto the Damme lately made uppon the River Neane near Strandground upon the Uplands of Somersham and the Soake thereof Warbois Wistow, Berry Ramsey Upwood Raveley, Wood Walton, Sawtrey Connington Glatton and Holme Caldecott Denton Stilton Yaxley Fassett and Standground in the County of Huntington excluding the Low Grounds lying on the North side of the River of Owse above Erith and from the said Damme unto Peterborough Bridge upon the said River of Neane, and from thence unto the Ferry place neere Waldronn Hall upon the Uplands of Peterborough and the Soake thereof in the County of Northampton And Northward from the said Ferry place neere Waldron Hall unto Crowland Bridge upon the River of Welland, and from thence to Dowsedale upon the Banke of Great Porsand, and from thence unto Guyhurne upon the Southea Banke and from thence unto Tilnehurne upon the Bank of the Fenne Ground called Waldersea and from thence unto Elme Leame at Grangers House upon the Banke of the Fenne Ground called Coldham, and from thence unto the River of Neane neare Thurlings in Upwell upon the Banke of Needham called Bisshops Dyke and from thence unto Well Creeke at the North West Comer of Wassingham Fenne upon the Banke of the Grounds in Upwell and Outwell called Playfeild and Churchfeild [excluding the aforesaid Fenns and Grounds called Waldersea Coldham Needham Playfeild and Churchfeild1] and from thence unto Salters Load upon the New Podyke Banke, and from thence unto the Mouth of the River Wissey upon the River Owse, and from thence unto Helgey Bridge upon the River Wissey and from thence unto the Uplands at the End of the Banke of the Grounds late of Edmond Skipwith Esquier deceased upon the said Bank and from thence unto Stoake Bridge upon the Uplands of Roxham, Deereham Weereham, Wretton and Stoake in the said County of Norfolke, except the imbanked Grounds late of Edmond Skipwith Esquier lying on the North side of the River of Owse And whereas the said Francis late Earle of Bedford was to have for his Recompence of effefting that difficult Worke onely nynety five thousand Acres of the said Grounds with convenient Highwayes and Passages to the same, and the new River Cutts and Dreynes to be made by the said Earle and his Assignes, and the Banks of the same and the Forelands in the inside of the said Banks not to exceed sixty Foot in Breadth which was a Worke of soe great and publick Concemement, that his said late Majesty gave great Encouragement to the said Francis late Earle of Bedford and others whom hee had taken in to bee Adventurers and Participants with him therein upon the Covenants Conditions and Agreements contained and specified in and by a certaine Indenture of foureteene Parts bearing Date the seaven and twentieth Day of February in the seaventh Yeare of the Raigne of his said late Majesty and his Royall Assurance to further it by his Concurrence to an Act of Parliament for establishing thereof, and did by Letters Patterns under the Great Seale of England incorporate the said late Earle his Adventurers and Participants to have Succession for ever, and in order to the effefting thereof the said late Earle and his Adventurers and Participants bestowed great Sumes of Money for perfecting the same, and after his Death and some Interruptions William now Earle of Bedford Sonne and Heire to the said Earle Francis with divers of his Adventurers and Participants by Colour of a pretended Act of Parliament of the nyne and twentyeth Day of May in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and nyne proceeded in the compleating and finisheing the said Workes and the Comissioners appointed by that pretended Act did adjudge the same dreyned, but the same cannott be preserved without a perpetuall constant Care great Charge and orderly Goverment, which being represented to the Kings most excellent Majesty that now is, He hath beene gratiously pleased to declare more then an ordinary Willingness to promote and countenance a Worke of soe publique Concemement and many Wayes advantagious to this his Kingdome, To the’nd therefore that a Worke of this Nature may receive a publique Support and Encouragement Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty with the Advice and Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the said William Earle of Bedford Sonne and Heire of the said Francis Earle of Bedford, and the Adventurers and Participants of the said Earle Francis and Earle William or either of them their Heires and Assignes in such manner as is herein contained shall bee a Body Politique and Corporate in Deed and Name and have Succession for ever by the Name of the Governor BaylifFs and Cominalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Levell of the Fenns, which Corpora£6n shall consist of one Governor six BaylifFs twenty Conservators and Cominalty, and shall have and use a Comon Seale to be appointed by themselves, and assemble and meete together when where and as oft as they please, and appoint a Register Receivour one or more Serjeants at Mace and other Officers and allow them Sailaryes and remove them and make new at their Pleasure, And the said William Earle of Bedford is to be the first Governo': Richard Lord Gorges Sr Richard Onslow Knight Sr. William Terringham Knight of the Bath Samuell Sandys Thomas Chicheley and Samuell Fortrey Esquiers the six first Bayliffs S\ Gilbert Gerhard junior Knight, William Denton, William Crane, Edmond Berry Godfrey, Arthur Evelyn Samuell Smith Roger Jenings Robert Castle Robert Hampson Joseph AylofFe Esquiers Thomas Lord Cullpepper S\ John Hewett Baronett Arthur Onslow Robert Phillips Anthony S*. John Esquiers Sr. Oliver S*. John Sir Charles Harbord Knights Francis Hoblyn Samuell Sandys junior and Robert Terringham Esquiers the first

15° Car. II. c. IT.

501

Conservators And the said Governor Bayliffs and Conservators to continue until Wednesday in Whitson Weeke in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and foure and from thenceforth untill new Elections by the said Corporation or the major Part which shall be then present, and shall bee capable to sue and bee sued, and without Licence of Mortmaine to purchase Mannors Lands Tenements and Hereditaments not exceeding two hundred Pounds p Anri and Goods and Chattells and to dispose thereof in the Name and to the Use of the said Corpora£6n, and the said Govemour Bayliffes and Conservators or any five or more of them whereof the said Governor or Bayliffes or any of them to be two shall and may lay Taxes from Tyme to Tyme upon all the said nynety five thousand Acres onely for Support Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Levell and leavy the same with Penaltyes for Non payment, not exceeding a third Part of the Tax and all other Things doe in order to the Support Maintenance and Preservation of the said Great Levell and Works made and to be made

And whereas by the said Law of Sewers twelve thousand Acres P&rcell of the nynety five thousand Acres was designed and intended to his said late Majesty and were sett forth and allotted by Bounds in Severalty, and his said late Majesty was in Possession thereof, and granted assigned allotted and sett out by Bounds two thousand Acres Parcell of the said twelve thousand Acres by Letters Pattents unto Jerome Earle of Portland his Heires and Assignes (of which said two thousand Acres the said Earle of Portland hath sold away about one thousand five hundred Acres in severall Parcells to severall Persons their Heires and Assignes for valueable Considerations and the Residue thereof being about five hundred Acres hath granted and conveyed unto his Brother Benjamin Weston Esquier and his Heires upon severall Trusts agreed upon betweene the said Earle of Portland and Benjamin Weston by writing for that Purpose Bee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said two thousand Acres or such other Lands of equall Vallue as shall bee sett forth in exchange of the same in case the aforementioned two thousand Acres or any Part thereof shall hereafter be adjudged to have beene unduly sett out, shall be and hereby are vested settled and established in the said severall and respective Persons (to whom the said Earle of Portland hath soe conveyed or mentioned to convey the same) their Heires and Assignes respectively to each Person his Heires and Assignes his and there severall and respective Share and Shares that was so respectively to each of them conveyed or mentioned to be conveyed by the said Earle of Portland to be held and enjoyed by them and each of them his Heires and Assignes his and their owne Share and Part onely in Severalty according to the Intent of the said Conveyances thereof to them respectively made by the said Earle of Portland upon the same Trusts nevertheless for and concerning the said five hundred Acres granted or mentioned to be granted to the said Benjamin Weston which the said Earle of Portland and Benjamin Weston had declared and agreed upon betweene them as aforesaid which said two thousand Acres shall bee holden of the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors of the Mannor of East Greenwich by Fealty onely in free and comon Soccage and not otherwise and subject nevertheless with the Residue of the nynety five thousand Acres in equall Proportion to all Taxes and Charges, necessary and conducing to the Preservation of the said Great Levell from drowning

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the eighty three thousand Acres, remainder of the said ninety five thousand Acres, with the said Wayes, Passages, new Rivers, Cutts, Dreynes, Bancks, and Forelands, over and above the said ten thousand Acres, Residue of the said twelve thousand Acres, which were allotted in Severalty, and of which his said late Majesty was in Possession as aforesaid, are hereby vested and setled in the said Govemour Bailiffs and Cominalty of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Levell of the Fenns, and their Successors, In Trust neverthelesse for the said William Earle of Bedford, and the Adventurers and Participants of the said Earle Francis, and Earle William, or either of them, their Heires and Assignes in such manner and wise, as is herein after more particularly and especially lymited and provided, and according to such Parts and Proportions, as they respectively now hold and enjoy, or by Virtue and Provision of this Act, ought to hold and enjoy, subject and lyable likewise to the Payment of all Taxes and Charges as aforesaid, to bee holden of the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors, of the Mannor of East Greenwich, by Fealty only in free and comon Socage, and not otherwise And the said ten thousand Acres, residue of the said twelve thousand Acres (whereof his said late Majesty, was in Possession as aforesaid) are hereby vested and setled in his Majesty that now is, and his Assignes, subject and lyable with the residue of the said ninety five thousand Acres, to the same Taxes and Charges, before specified And because the said Great Levell of the Fenns, extends into the said six Countyes, besides the Isle of Ely, and forasmuch as Comissioners of Sewers, cannot legally proceed in Execution of their Comission, but by a severall Jury of every County, to enquire of the Matters within their Comission in that County, which hath heretofore enforced the said Earle, his Participants and Adventurers, Comissioners and Countryes to very great Trouble, Losse and Expence, both of money and time, For avoyding which Inconveniencyes, It is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Govemour Bailiffs and Conservators of the said Corporation for the time being, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Govemour or Bailiffs for the Time being or their Successors, or any of them to bee two, for maintenance and preservation of the said Great Levell, by convenient Outfalls to the Sea, shall for ever hereafter bee, and are hereby made and constituted Comissioners of Sewers, for and of the said Great Lovell of the Fenns, And the said Govemour, Bayliffs and Conservators or any five or more of them, whereof the said Govemour or Bailiffs, and their Successors, or any of them to bee two are hereby enabled and impowered from henceforth to use and exercise the Power and Authority of Comissioners of Sewers within the said Great Levell of the Fenns, and of the Works, made, or to bee made without the said Great Levell, for conveying of the Waters of the said Great Levell, by convenient Outfalls to the Sea, touching all Matters and Things whatsoever happening to bee executed or done, within the said Great Levell, or the said Workes without the said Great Levell, enquireable, punishable, or to bee done by Comissioners of Sewers, and therein to ad and proceed, by one or more Juryes of good and lawfull Men, inhabiting within any Parte or Place, within the Boundaryes of the said

Their Power and Authority.

II.

Recital that 73,000 Acret had been set forth to the King, who had allotted 2,000 Acres to Earl of Portland, 500 of which the Earl had conveyed to Benjamin Weston and the Remainder to several Persons; The said 2,000 Acres vested in the said Persons to be enjoyed by them in severalty.

To be holden of the King in free Soccage, subject to Charges for preserving the

III.

The remaining 83,000 Acres settled and vested in the Governor,&c.

in Trust for the said Earl William of Bedford and the Adventurers.

To be holden in free Socage.

The 10,000 Acres, residue of the said 12,000 Acres, vested in the King, subject to Charges.

The Authority of the said Corporation at Commissioners of Sewers.

To proceed by Juries

Vox.. V.

6 M

15° Car. II. c. 17.

A.D. 1663.

and to employ Serjeants to summon and return Juries.

Power of the said Juries.

Governor, &c. may lay Taxes upon the 95,000 Acres, exercise Customs, appoint Officers, &c. as are used in Romney Marsh.

To take the Oath of Commissioners of Sewers.

Great Levell of the Fenns, though in severall Countyes, as if the said Great Levell of the Fenns, lay within one of the said Countyes only, and shall have Power to imploy the said Serjeants or any of them for the time being, by Warrant or Precept from the said Governour Bayliffs and Conservators, and their Successors, or any five [or morel] of them, whereof the said Governour or Bailiffs, or any of them to bee two, under the C5mon Seale of the said Corporation, to sumon and returne Juryes within the Boundaryes of any Part of the said Great Levell, and execute all Precepts and Proces from them from time to time, and all other Things doe, as fully as any Sheriffe, within his respective County, may or can doe by Warrant or Precept from Comissioners of Sewers, which Juryes are to appeare at the Times and Places, sett or appointed for them to appeare, before the said Governour Bailiffs and Conservators, and their Successors, or any five or more of them, whereof the said Governour and Bailiffs and their Successors, or any of them to bee two, and are hereby impowered to inquire of, present, and try all Matters, within the said Great Levell, and of and concerning the said Workes made or to bee made without the said Great Levell, for conveying of the Waters of the said Great Levell by convenient Outfalls to the Sea within the Power of Comissioners of Sewers as if the same lay within any one of the said Countyes or as if the said Great Levell were one distindfc County of it selfe And the said Governor Bayliffes and Conservators or any five or more [of them whereof the said Governor or Bayliffs or any of them'] to be two shall have further Power aswell for the Maintenance of the said Great [Levell1] as for laying and levying of Taxes upon the said nynety five thousand Acres to use and exercise within the said Great Levell such and the like Lawes and Customes and constitute and appointe such and the like Officers from tyme to tyme as are or lawfully may be used in Rumney Marsh in the County of Kent they who exercise the said Power of Comissioners of Sewers first taking the Oath which Comissioners of Sewers are by the Law to take the which Oath the said Governour and Bayliffs or any of them are hereby impowred to administer from tyme to tyme without any further Comission

IV.

Writs concerning the said Grounds and Offences therein shall be good, though County, &c. not rightly named.

And because the Meetes and Boundaryes of the said Grounds within the said Great Levell as to the Countyes and Parishes are very uncertaine and hard to be distinguished Bee it therefore further enacted That every Writt Bill Plaint, Count, Declaracftn Information Presentment and Indictment of for or concerning the said Grounds within the said Great Levell of the Fennes or any Part or Parcell of the same or any Tresspass Offence or Wrong done acted or comitted within the said Great Levell and Proceedings thereupon shall be good and sufficient in Law though the County Parish Towne or Place or any of them in such Writt, Bill Plaint, Count, Declaration, Information Presentment or Indictment be not rightly named soe as there be such other Certainty or Discription of the Place whereby the same is or may be comonly knowne

V.

No other Commissioners of Sewers to intermeddle in the said Level.

And be it further enacted That no other Comissioners of Sewers shall intermedle within the said Great Levell or with any the Works made or to bee made for Support Maintenance or Preservation of the said Great Levell [within or without the said Great Levell1] as aforesaid otherwise then hereafter in this Act shall be provided

VI.

Conveyances by Indenture to be entered with the Register, and held good as if enrolled m Court of Record, from Entry.

Entry indorsed by Register good Evidence on Trial.

And be it further enacted That all Conveyances by Indenture of the said nynety five thousand Acres or any Part thereof entred with the said Register in a Booke to be kept for that Purpose shall be of equall Force to convey the Freehold and Inherrittance of the said nynety five thousand Acres or any Part thereof as if the same Conveyances by Indenture were for valueable Considerations of Money enrolled within six Monthes in one of the Kings Courts of Record at Westminster And no Lease Grant or Conveyance of, or Charge out of, or upon the said nynety five thousand Acres or any Part thereof except Leases for seaven Yeares or under in Possession shall be of Force but from the tyme it shall be entred with the said Register as aforesaid the entry whereof being endorsed by the said Register upon such Lease Grant Conveyance or Charge shall bee as good and effectuall in the Law [as if the originall Booke of Entryes were produced at any Tryall at Law'] or otherwise,

VII. Governor, &c. to execute Estates under the Common Seal

And be it further enacted That the said Governor Bayliffs and Cominalty shall execute Estates according to the aforesaid Trust under their Comon Seale the Taxes and Penaltyes then in arreare being first paid [which for non payment are by vertue of this Act to bee levied by Sale of the Lands']

VIII.

Taxes and Penalties how to be levied.

Lands sold fer Taxes and Penalties in arrear.

And be it further enacted That for the levying such Taxes and Penaltyes as are now in arreare or at any tyme since the thirtieth Day of September in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty and eight (other then such as are hereby otherwise directed to be leavyed) or which shall be sett and imposed upon the said nynety five thousand Acres [by virtue of this Act and shall be in arreare upon the respective Parts and Proporcbns of the said nynety five thousand Acres1] the said Governor Bayliffs and Conservators of the said Corporation, and their Successors for the tyme being or any five or more of them whereof the said Governor and Bayliffs for the tyme being and their Successors or any of them to be two for leavying such Taxes and Penaltyes which now are or shall bee soe in arreare upon the respective Parts and Proportions of the said nynety five thousand Acres shall on Wednesday and Thursday in Whitson weeke or either of them every Yeare at the Shire house in Ely aforesaid in the said Isle of Ely have power onely to sell soe much of such Parts and Proportions of the said nynety five thousand Acres upon which any Tax shall be in arreare or Penaltyes in such Proportion, as the said Governor Bayliffes and Conservators of the said Corporation or their Successors or any five or more of them whereof the said Governour and Bayliffs or any of them to be two shall judge to be sufficient to raise such Taxes and Penalties by any Writing under the Seale of the said Corporation and the Person or Persons to whom such Sales shall bee made shall be a lawfull Purchaser and Assignee of soe much as shall be sold to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever

15° Car. II. c. IT.

503

Provided That by any Colour of any Sale for non payment of Taxes any Tennant or Tennants at Will or by Lease indented upon improved Rent of any part of the said nynety five thousand Acres shall not be removed from his or their Possession untill he or they shall have taken his or their Crop from off the Premisses soe sold paying reasonable Rent proportionable to the tyme that such Possession shall from and after such Sales be continued and such Tennant or Tennants as shall hold any Part of the said nynety five thousand Acres by Lease as aforesaid shall and may if he or they shall thinke meete continue out their respective Termes paying their Rent to such Purchaser in proportion to the quantity of Acres soe purchased Any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding Provided That the said Corporation nor their Successors shall not sell any Part or Proportion of the said nynety five thousand Acres for any Tax or Penalty in arreare which Tax or Penaltyes shall not be in arreare by the Space of foure Monthes next before the Sale nor any more Lands then onely for the raising of such 'Faxes and Penaltyes

Provided also That the said Corporation shall give publique Notice from tyme to tyme of the Parts and Proportions of the said nynety five thousand Acres for which any Tax or Penaltyes is or shall be in arreare by affixing openly at the Shire house or Markett place in Ely aforesaid a Schedule in Parchment under the Seale of the said Corporation conteyning such Parts and Proportions of the said nynety five thousand Acres for which any Tax or Penalty is or shall be in arreare with the Name and Names of the respective Owner or Owners entred upon the Tax Roll with the said Corporation, of the said Parts and Proportions of the said nynety five thousand Acres soe in arreare.

IX.

Proviso for Tenants at Will or by Lease in arrear taking off their Crops.

Proviso respecting Length of Arrear and Quantity of Land to be sold.

X.

Public Notice to be given of Lands charged with Arrears of Taxes or Penalties.

And bee it further enacted That the said Corporation shall and may from tyme to tyme erect any new Workes within the said Great Levell or without the said Great Levell for conveying the Waters of the said Great Levell by convenient Outfalls to the Sea, so alwayes that if they cutt any severall Grounds they give full Recompence and Sattisfaction for the same in such manner as shall bee hereafter in this Act provided And if any Person or Persons shall cutt throw downe or destroy any of the said Workes made or to be made as aforesaid the Parties offending shall answer treble Damages to the said Corporation and Costs of Suite to be recovered in an Action of Tresspass to be brought by the said Corporation in any of his Majesties Courts of Record, And if such cutting throwing downe or destroying shall be malidously done the same shall be punished as for the cutting the Podyke in Marsh Land,

And bee it further enacted That the said William Earle of Bedford nominated to be Governour and every other from tyme to tyme into that Office chosen shall (before he take upon him or them the exercise of that Office) take an Oath That he will well and truly execute that Office in all things, the which Oath shall and may bee administred by the said Bayliffs or any one of them And the said Bayliffes Conservators Register Receiver or other Officer nominated as aforesaid and every other from tyme to tyme into any of the respective Offices to be chosen shall (before he or they take upon him or them the exercise of the said respective Offices) take the like Oath for the true executing their respective Offices the which Oath shall bee administred by the said Governor Bayliffs and Conservators or any two or more of them without any Comission or further Warrant

And for the Continuance of the said Corporation in Succession for ever Bee it further enacted That the said Governor Bayliffs Conservators and Cominalty upon Wednesday in Whitson weeke yearely shall at a publique Meeting to be holden for the said Corporation by the greater number then present whereof the [said1] Governor or one of the Bayliffs to be one elect a new Governour Bayliffs and Conservators respectively, Provided that none bee capable to be or continue Governor or Bayliffes that hath not foure hundred Acres or more of the said nynety five thousand Acres nor to be a Conservator that hath not two hundred Acres or more of the said nynety five thousand Acres, nor any of the Cominalty to have a Voyce in Elections that hath not one hundred Acres or more of the said nynety five thousand Acres And that the said Governor Bayliffs and Conservators or any of them shall and may bee removed by the said Governor Bayliffs and Conservators and Cominalty or the greater number of them present at their publique meetings whereof the said Governor or one of the Bayliffes to be one, and new chosen in the place of him or them soe dead or removed And the said Governor Bayliffes and Cominalty also shall have further Power to have demand and receive an Account from all and every the Officers Agents and Servants their Executors and Administrators heretofore imployed or hereafter to be imployed for the receiving and paying of money for or in relation to the carrying on of the Works of the dreyning of the said Great Levell, and shall and may sue for and recover the same And that all arreares of Rent already incurred upon or out of any Part of the said nynety five thousand Acres upon any Contra& or Lease of the said Premisses or any Part or Parcell thereof shall bee received and recovered as if the said pretended Act had beene a good and effectuail A&, And if any Suite be comenced against the said Corporation or any Person for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then hee or they shall or may plead the Generali tissue1] and give the speciall Matter in Evidence upon any Tryall to be had touching the same, which shall bee as good and effectuall in Law as if the same had beene specially pleaded and the Jury upon the Tryall to give a Verdict accordingly

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That as touching and concerning such Parte and Parcell of the said eighty three thousand Acres whereof any Person or Persons attainted or that shall bee attainted was or were in Possession at any tyme since the nyne and twentyeth Day of May in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and nyne under pretended Sales thereof respectively made by colour

XI.

New works may be made by Corporation.

Throwing down, &c. any Works

Penalty.

XII.

The Oath to be taken by the Governor, Bailiffs, Conservators, &c. and by \shom administered.

XIII.

The Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators to be elected yearly.

Qualification of Governor, &c.

Removal of Governor, See.

Governor, &c. to demand Accounts from all Officers and Agents employed.

Arrears of Rent to be received.

In Suits against any employed by this Act, General Issue may be pleaded.

XIV.

Lands of Persons attainted (part of the 83,000 Acres) vested in the King.

15° Car. II. c. IT.

A.D. 166S.

XV.

Recital that divers Lots of the said 05,000 Acres belonged to Persons herein named.

Governor, &c. to stand seized of the said Lots in trust for the Persons and in manner herein mentioned;

and to execute Estates of such Lots accordingly.

XVI. Recital that the Persons who are in Possession of the said Lots pretend that tliev nave laid out Monies in reaped thereof.

The Chief Justice of the King’s Bench and others constituted a Judicature to hear and determine Differences in reaped thereof.

of the said pretended Alt or under any other Tide or pretended Tide whatsoever, The Kings most excellent Majesty his Heires Successors and Assignes shall have the same and like Benefitt Advantage and Interest in all and every the said Parts and Parcells of the said eighty three thousand Acres and no other then as the said Persons soe attainted or which shall bee attainted could or ought to have by virtue of this Act in case they had not beene soe attainted or shall not be attainted

And whereas the Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions of and in the said nynety five thousand Acres which in pursuance of the said Indenture of fowerteene Parts, and by virtue or Intention of the said Act and Law of Sewers made at Lynne doe belong and appertaine to the said Samuel] Sandys the Elder or his Trustees Sr. William Terringham, Sr Richard Onslow and other the Assignees and Trustees of Henry late Earle of Arundell and Surrey deceased [Arthur Earle of Anglesey Thomas Lord Culpepper1] Robert Phillips Robert Scawen and to divers other Persons the Participants of the said Earle Francis and Partyes to the said Indenture or their respective Heires Executors Administrators or Assignes are now possessed and enjoyed by divers Persons who tooke contracted for or accepted of or by such who clayme and derive their Interest and Title from and under such Persons as did take contract for or accept of pretended Estates or Conveyances of the same made or pretended to be made by certaine Persons mentioned in and by the said pretended Ad of the nyne and twentyeth Day of May one thousand six hundred forty and nyne to have Authority to sell the Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions of such of the Adventurers and Participants of the said Earle Francis, and of their respective Heires and Assignes as should refuse or make default of Payment of such Taxes as should by colour and in pursuance of the said pretended Ad be imposed upon them respectively in respelt of their Shares and Lotts in or out of the said nynety five thousand Acres Bee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Governor Bayliffes and Comonalty of the said Company of Conservators of the said Great Levell of the Fenns and their Successors shall actually stand seised and possessed of all and every the Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions last mentioned In Trust nevertheless to and for the use and Behoofe of the said Samuell Sandys the elder or his Trustees in trust for him, Sir William Terringham Sir Richard Onslow and others the said Assignees and Trustees of Henry late Earle of Arundell and Surrey deceased [Arthur Earle of Anglesey Thomas Lord Culpepper1] Robert Phillips, Robert Scawen and of their respective Heires and Assignes and to and for the respective Uses and Behoofes of the said other Persons the Participants of the said Earle Francis, and Parties to the said Indenture of fowerteene Parts and of their respective Heires and Assignes, now out of Possession of their respective Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions of the said nynety five thousand Acres as heretofore in or about the Month of October in the thirteenth Yeare of the Raigne of the late King Charles of ever blessed Memory were respectively allotted severed sett forth or divided for or as the respective Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions of such of the Adventurers the Participants of the said Earle Francis and Partyes to the said Indenture of fowerteene Parts their respective Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes from and under whom the said Samuell Sandys the Elder or his Trustees, Sr. William Terrinqhara Sr. Richard Onslow and others the Assignees and Trustees of Henry late Earle of Arundell and Surrey deceased [Arthur Earle of Anglesey Thomas Lord Culpepper *] Robert Phillips Robert Scawen and the said other Persons the Participants of the said Earle Francis and their respective Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes now out of Possession of their respective Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions doe respectively clayme and derive their said Shares Lottes Parts and Proportions And the said Govemour Bayliffes and Cominalty of the Company of Conservators are hereby authorised and required to execute respective Estates of the said Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions accordingly subject and lyable nevertheless with the residue of the said nynety five thousand Acres in equall proportion to all Taxes and Charges to be laid and imposed by virtue of this Act for preservation of the said Great Levell from drowning

And whereas the Persons now in Possession of the said last mentioned Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions of the said nynety five thousand Acres, whereof pretended Estates and Conveyances were taken contracted for or accepted of as aforesaid doe pretend that they or those under whom they doe respectively claime and derive their Right Title or Pretensions [to the said Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions'] respectively have laid out and disbursed for Taxes for and towards the Maintenance Preservation and Repaire of the Workes of the said Great Levell heretofore erected by the said Earle Francis and his Participants and for and towards their erection of new and necessary Works for the better and more effectuall Dreyning of the said Great Levell, and for building upon the said Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions more moneyes then the cleere Rents Issues and Profitts of the said Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions have amounted to since the said respective pretended Estates and Conveyances were first taken contracted for or accepted as aforesaid Bee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid and it is hereby enacted That the Cheife Justice of the Court of Kings Bench, the Cheife Justice of the Court of Cdmon Pleas, the Cheife Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and the Justices of the said Court of Comon Pleas for the tyme being or any Two or more of them are hereby constituted appointed and erected a Judicature or Comissioners to heare order judge decree and determine upon Bills and Answers to be exhibited or otherwise as they shall thinke fitt betweene the said Persons.who are now in the Possession of the said respective Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions and the respective Heires and Assignes of the said Persons now in Possession as aforesaid and the said Sir Richard Onslow and other the said Assignees and Trustees of the said Henry late Earle of Arundell and Surrey deceased [Arthur Earle of Anglesey Thomas Lord Culpepper'] the said Samuell Sandys the Elder or his Trustees Sr William Terringham Robert Phillips Robert Scawen, and the said other Persons Participants of the said Earle Francis and their respective Heires and Assignes who are now out of the Possession of the said Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions respectively and to whom respective Estates are by virtue of this Act to bee

15° Car. II. c. 17

505

executed of the same as aforesaid And the said Judicature or Comissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby authorised out of the said Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions to order adjudge decree and determine to either of the said Partyes respectively such Recompence and Allowance as they the said Judicature or Comissioners or any Two or more of them shall see Cause

And for the better enabling the said Judicature or Comissioners to proceed to the hearing ordering adjudging decreeing and determining and for putting in due and speedy execution such Order Judgment Decree and determination as they or any Two or more of them shall make betweene the said Partyes It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That they the said Judicature or Comissioners or any Two or more of them shall have such and the like Power and Authority as the High Court of Chancery hath in Cases before the said Court depending and for putting in Execution the Decrees of the said Court.

And to the end that the said Judicature may be the better enabled to judge of the Rights and Pretensions of either Party Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in every Decree or Determination which they shall make by virtue and in pursuance of this Act they shall have regard to- the Sume and Sumes of Money actually disbursed and expended by either Party in the Works of dreyning the said Great Levell, and in the Preservation and Repairation of the same and alsoe to the respective Times of such Disbursements and Expence defalking thereout such Sume and Sumes of Money as have beene received by either Party their Tennants or Assignes for the Rents Issues and Profitts of the same and abating out of the Interest of the Money disbursed by either Party soe much as the Interest of the Money received by such Party for the Rents Issues and Profitts of the same doth amount unto,

And to the intent that the Persons who by the true intent and meaning of this Act are to be putt into Possession of any Part of the said eighty three thousand Acres may not by undue delayes or by any other Meanes or Pretensions De kept out of the Possession of the same Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That at any time or tymes after the Expiration of six Monthes after the passing of this Act it shall and may bee lawfull to and for the said Samuell Sandys the elder and his Trustees for him, Sr. Richard Onslow and others the Assignees and Trustees of Henry late Earle of Arundell and Surrey [deced Arthur Earle of Anglesey Thomas Lord Culpepper'] Sr William Terringham, Robert Phillips and Robert Sea wen their and every of their respective Heires and Assignes and [to and for the Participants of the said Earle Francis'] Parties to the said Indenture of Fowerteene Parts their and every of their respective Heires and Assignes whose Lands Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions of and in the said nynety five thousand Acres were sold or pretended to be sold for Non payment of Taxes by virtue of the said pretended Act of the nyne and twentieth Day of May in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and nyne to bring their respective Action or Actions of Tresspass or Tresspass and Ejectment in his Majestyes Court of Kings Bench or Court [of*] Comon Pleas at Westminster against any Persons or Persons whatsoever possessing withholding or occupying the same, although the said Governor Bayliffs and Conservators or so many and such of them as are thereunto authorised by this present Act have not or shall not execute Estates pursuant to this present Act to such Person or Persons hereby enabled to bring such Action or Actions, and such Person or persons shall recover such Lands Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions of the said nynety five thousand Acres as they respectively [shall make and1] derive Title and Clayme unto as Participants of the said Francis Earle of Bedford Partyes to the said Indenture of fowerteene [Parts or as the respective Heires or Assignes of the said respective Participants Partyes to the said Indenture of fowerteene1] Parts as if the said Governor Bayliffs and Conservators had duly executed respective Estates of such respective Lands Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions of the said nynety five thousand Acres according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act And such Person or Persons his and their respective Heires and Assignes shall have and hold the same Lands Shares Lotts Parts and Proportions as fully and effectually as if the said Governor Bayliffs and Conservators had executed respective Estates thereof subject nevertheless to such Decree as the said Judicature or Comissioners before nominated and appointed shall make touching or concerning the Premisses, and also subject to the Payment of all Taxes to be laid and imposed by virtue of this Act and no other

And whereas there are severall Sumes of Money amounting to foure thousand Pounds or thereabouts in arreare for Taxes laid and imposed since the nyne and twentieth Day of September in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand sue hundred fifty and eight upon severall Parts of the said nynety five thousand Acres subjefted by this Act to the Judicature aforesaid and for Penaltyes incurred for Non payment of the same by virtue or colour of some Act or Authority or pretended Act or Authority Bee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Comissioners or Judicatory or any Two of them aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required in such Adjudication as they shall make touching the Lands subjefted to their Judicature as aforesaid to direct order and decree upon what Persons or Lands the said Sumes of Money soe in arreare for Taxes and Penalties as aforesaid shall bee charged, and the said Taxes and Penaltyes shall bee accordingly leavied upon such Persons or Lands and in such Manner and by such Wayes and Meanes as shall be directed ordered and decreed by the Judicature aforesaid or any two of them, and as if such Direction Order and Decree had beene perticularly hereby enacted

And whereas perticular Persons and Parishes doe conceive and alledge That the dreyning of one Place hath drowned and made worse the Lands in other Places And whereas diverse Persons likewise doe alledge and complayne That the said nynety five thousand Acres in many Places are not indifferrently sett out or allotted according to

6 N

XVII.

The Power and Authority of the said Judicature.

XVIII. Directions for their Decreet and Proceedings in reaped of Monies laid out by Parties in Draining, &c.

XIX. Parties to the said Indenture of 14 Parts whose Shares were sold for Nonpayment of Taxes may bring their Action although Corporation have not executed Estates

and may recover and hold the same Lands as though Corporation had executed Estates •ubjed to Decree of said Judicature and to Taxes by this Act.

XX. Recital that j£^000 is in arrear for Taxes, Icc.

The said Commissioners may determine by whom and how the same is to be paid.

XXI. Recital of certain Complaints by particular Persons and Parisltes as to the draining, &c.

I lie said Lands.

15° Car. II. c. IT.

A.D. 166S.

Commissioners appointed for hearing the said Complaints.

XXII. Manner of appointing Commissioners in the room of others dead, See.

The Power and Authority of the said Commissioners to hear Complaints;

to make Satisfaction to Persons whose Lands, &c. have been injured;

and for Four Years, from 24th June 1663, to change and restore Parts unequally allotted and set forth.

XXIII. Proviso respecting Lands in Ravdy, Up wood, Sothery, Wicken, Cowfenn, Beezling, and Upweil.

the Law made at Lynne in the sixth Yeare of the late King Charles nor according to Agreement made with the Country but in many Places greater Quantityes have beene taken from the Owners Comoners and Townships then ought to have beene, and that some Lands have beene taken as belonging to one Parish and County which in Truth did belong to another, and in many Places the Allottments have been taken very inconvenient for the Towneships which ought not to have beene by the said Agreement And whereas the dreyning aforesaid and future Maintenance of the said Greate Levell ought to be without Prejudice to Navigation And because all Complaints which have beene made and all Prejudices which have beene or shall be done to perticular Persons Parishes and Places cannott by this Act be sufficiently provided for and remedied Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That Sir John Tracy Knight Sr. Charles Mordant Sr: Nicholas L’Strange Barronetts Sr. William Hovell Knight, Edward Pepis Humphry Beddingfeild Nicholas Sdleman Esquiers for the County of Norfolke, Sr. Nicholas Bacon Knight of the Bath, Sr. Lionell Tolemach [Bar11] Sr John Duncombe Knight Sr. Edmond Pooley Knight, Sr George Reve Knight and Barronett, Sr. George Weneve Knight Thomas Waldegrave Esqs for the County of Suffolke, Sr. Dudley North, Sr Thomas Wendy Knights of the Bath Levinus Bennett Esquier Robert King John Pepis Dofters of the Law, Thomas Crouch Francis North Esquiers for the County of Cambridge, Sr. Thomas Sclater Bar* L’Strange Colthrop John Millecent Thomas Hall John Sotheby Esquiers John Bing Esqs & Wm Wrenn Esqs for the Isle of Ely, Sr Francis Compton Knight, Robert Apprece, Sutton Ashfeild [EsqssI] Anthony South Dr of [the Law1] Robert Paine Richard Nailer Ferrers of Gedding Esquiers for the County of Huntington, Sr William Dudley Knight [& Bari*] Maurice Tresham Francis Kirkham Lewis Palmer, Christopher Thursby Francis Lane George Tresham [Esquiers1] for the County of Northampton, S\ Charles Hussey Sr John Newton Baronetts Sr Thomas Meres Sr. Anthony Irby Knights Sr. Anthony Oldfeild Baronett Richard Brownlowe Daniell Rhoades Esquiers for the County of Lincolne shall be and are hereby made and constituted the present Comissioners for the Purposes herein mentioned,

And for the supplying the Number of the Comissioners of the said respective Countyes in case of Death or other Avoydance or Incapacity Bee it alsoe enacted That within three Monthes after such Death or Notice of such Avoydance or Incapacity of the remaining Comissioners of each respective County of which such Comissioners who dyed or became incapable were or the major Part of them shall from tyme to tyme nominate and appointe by Deed under their Hands and Seales to be enrolled in Chancery some other Person or Persons residing within the said County of which the said Comissioners who dyed or became incapable were to be Comissioners in the Place and Stead of him or them soe dying or becoming incapable which said Comissioners hereby constituted or hereafter to be constituted in manner aforesaid or any seaven or more of them, be are and shall bee hereby authorised [and impowred1] from tyme to tyme to heare and determine such Complaints Controversyes Differences and Greiveances as are in this Act expressed (relating to or concerning or occasioned by the Dreyning and Maintaineing the said Great Levell) of any Parish or Towneship or of any Person or Persons aswell within or without the said Levell in such Manner as is herein after expressed And that the said Comissioners hereby constituted or hereafter to be constituted in manner aforesaid or any seaven or more of them shall from tyme to tyme have Power and Authority and are hereby required at or before the eight and twentieth Day of September which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and six to give or make Satisfaction out of the said nynety five thousand Acres to such [Parish or Township'] Person [or1] Persons whose Lands or Interest therein either within or without the said Levell shall after the first Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty and three be [made'] worse in Quallity or Condicbn by the aforesaid Dreyning or Workes, then they were before the undertaking the dreyning of the said Levell in the sixth Yeare of the Raigne of our late King Charles of blessed Memory and proportionable to the Losses the Owners of or Persons interested in such Lands shall hereafter receive by reason of their Lands being made worse in Quallity [or1] Condition by any such Workes and Dreyning as aforesaid, and shall also have power at any tyme within foure Yeares from the foure and twentieth Day of June in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three to alter change and restore such Parts and Parcells of the said nynety five thousand Acres as shall upon Complaint be found and adjudged by the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them to be unequally unduly or inconveniently sett forth by reason of any allotting either of greater Quantities or as belonging to other Countyes Parishes or Mannors or in more inconvenient Places then they were formerly allotted and sett out by a Law of Sewers made at S‘ Ives the twelfth Day of October in the thirteenth Yeare of King Charles the First notwithstanding any Vesting of the said nynety five thousand Acres or any Part thereof in the Kings Majesty or in the said Governor Bayliffs and Cominalty or in any other Persons before mentioned or any Estates executed by them or any of them

Provided and be it enacted That nynety three Acres in Raveley and Upwood, seaventy six Acres in Sothery, forty foure Acres and one Rood in Wicken, eighty eight Acres in Cowfenne, two hundred eighty two Acres in

Beezling, and thirty seaven Acres in Upweil sett out to bee enjoyed as Part of the said nynety five thousand

Acres since the making the said Law of S' Ives in liew of like Proportions altered and restored to the Country shall be held and enjoyed by the said Corporation subject nevertheless to the Trust in and by this Act declared as to the said eighty three thousand Acres Residue of the said nynety five thousand Acres and shall sett forth to the said Corporation in trust for the Participants or Adventurers whose Proportion shall be soe altered or exchanged in liew of such Part as shall be soe altered exchanged or restored such other Proportions in such other Places within the said Levell as to the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them shall seeme just and reasonable

according to the Proporcons and Places which ought and might have beene by Lynne and S‘ Ives Law aforesaid

to be held and enjoyed of the Mannor of East Greenwich to the End there may bee no Diminution of the said

1 interlined.

A.D. 1663.

15° Cak. II. c. IT.

507

nynety five thousand Acres, and where it shall appeare upon Complaint of the said Corporation before the said Comissioner8 or any seaven or more of them that any of the Proportions of the said nynety five thousand Acres heretofore sett forth to Francis Earle of Bedford his then Participants and Assignee doe fall short in the Quantity of Acres for which the same were sett forth and allotted according to the said Lawes of Lynne and S'. Ives, the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them shall within the said Terme of foure Yeares aforesaid appointe the same to be supplyed and made up out of the Grounds where the same was soe allotted to be sett forth to make up the said [Proportion of1] nynety five thousand Acres And in case the said Earle of Bedford and his Participants or the said Corporation shall through or by reason of their undertaking or dreyning aforesaid in the sixth Yeare of his late Majestyes Raigne of ever blessed Memory have done or hereafter shall doe any Act or Acts to the Prejudice of Navigation, and whereby Navigation in the said Rivers of Owse and Grant, and all other Rivers now navigable passing through the said Levell, and the River of Westwater being a Branch of the River of Owse if it be consistent with the dreyning or in any of them or such Droveways or Bridges within [and without1] the said Levell as have beene made [or caused to bee made1] by the Adventurers and have beene by them maintained [unlesse there bee some Agreement to the contrary1] bee or hereafter shall be interrupted ofctru&ed and made worse that then the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them, whereof the Vice Chancellor for the University of Cambridge, the Maior of the Towne of Cambridge and the Maior of the Towne of Kings Lynne for the tyme being to be three if they upon Notice left at their respective Habitations shall thinke fitt to be present from tyme to tyme shall and may decree the same to be made good and amended at the proper Costs and Charges of the said Corporation within a convenient tyme as to their Judgments shall seeme meet. And in case it shall happen and soe fall out that the said Corporation shall neglect or refuse to repaire and make good the same according to the Order and Decree of the said Comissioners and within the tyme limitted by them that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them by Warrant under their Hands and Seales attested to tax the said nynety five thousand Acres in such Sume and Sumes of Money as in their Judgments shall seeme meete for the making preserving and keeping the Navigation in any of the aforesaid Rivers as the same was in the said sixth Yeare of the said King Charles the First which said Sume or Sumes of Money soe to bee assessed or taxed by the Comissioners aforesaid shall within twenty Dayes next after Notice thereof given to the Govemour or Treasurer of the said Corporation be paid unto such Person or Persons as the said Comissioners shall nominate and appointe to receive the same And in case the said Governor or Treasurer of the said Corporation after Notice soe given as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to

pay the said Sume or Sumes as aforesaid that then the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them shall have

full Power and Authority to impowre the said Person or Persons to levy the said Sume or Sumes of Money by

Distress or Distresses to be taken upon the said nynety five thousand Acres or any Part thereof, and to make Sale

of the said Distress or Distresses soe taken and sell the same, and render the Overplus unto the said Governor or Treasurer deducing their reasonable Charges for their Labour and Paynes therein. All which said Sume or Sumes of Money soe to be taxed and leavyed by the Authority aforesaid shall bee expended and laid out in preserving and keeping the said Navigation as aforesaid, and maintaining the same according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Statute and not otherwise And the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them are also hereby impowred and authorised within the Space of foure Yeares from the foure and twentyeth Day of June in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three to ascertaine and divide the Precincts and Boundaryes of such Parts of the said respective Countyes Lordships Mannors and Parishes within the said Levell as have beene by and since the undertaking defaced and made obscure or by some other meanes remaine uncertaine and hard to bee found out, and shall sett downe such Boundes and Divisions in Writing by such Markes Boundaryes and Descriptions as to them shall seeme meet, and shall certify the same under their Hands and Seales in the High Court of Chancery according to which Division of the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them the Extent of the said respective Countyes Lordshipps Mannors and Parishes in such Places soe bounded and divided, shall for ever after the said Certificate bee deemed to bee and none other, And in case the Quantity of eight thousand Acres lying together or nere together, or any greater Quantity of Ground lying together or neere together within the said Levell shall become drowned and so continue for the Space of twelve Monthes together that then it shall bee lawfull for the said Comissioners for the tyme being or any seaven or more of them from tyme to tyme and at all tymes to assess Taxes or Sumes of Money upon the said nynety five thousand Acres for the raising Money for dreyning the same againe in such Proportion as they or any seaven or more of them shall thinke fitt together with a Penalty for not paying the said Taxes the said Penalty not exceeding a third Part of such Tax,

And for Default of Payment of the said Taxes or Sumes of Money and Penaltyes Bee it enabled That the Lott and Share of such Participant or Adventurer of and within the said nynety five thousand Acres as shall bee in Arreare for the said Tax Sume of Money or Penalty, and unpaid by the Space of two Monthes next after the Day appointed for Payment by the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them, or so much thereof as they shall thinke! fitt shall be sequestred by the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them for or towards the Payment of such Tax Sume of Money or Penalty soe in Arreare restoring the Overplus of the Money for which such Lott or Share or any Part thereof shall be sequestred if any bee Which Sequestration shall be made in Writing under the Hands and Seales of the said Comissioners for the tyme being or any seaven or more of them.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in [case1] the said Governor Bayliffes and Corporation constituted by this Act shall neglect or refuse to pay such Tax or Taxes and Penaltyes Sume or Sumes of Money as shall from tyme to tyme hereafter bee taxed and imposed by the said Comissioners

1 interlined.

And ts to Proportions falling short in Quantity

Rivers, Bridges, &c. obttruded j

Commissioners may decree to be made

Corporation neglecting, then Commissioners may tax the 95,000 Acres for preserving Navigation of the said Rivers.

Money assessed by Commissioners to be paid in 20 Days after Notice.

If not, then levied by Distress;

and applied to the said Navigation.

Commissioners within Four Years from 24th June 1665 to ascertain Boundaries and set Marks where defaced, and certify the same into Chancery.

If 8,000 Acres lying near together become drowned, Commissioners to tax the 95,000 Acres for Money for draining the same.

XXIV.

Lands in Arrear for Non-payment of Taxes or Penalties for Two Months may be sequestered by Commissioners,

XXV. Governor, Ikc. not paying Taxes or Penalties whereby the Lands of the

15° Car. II. c. IT.

A.D. 166S.

Tenants are sequestered or their Goods distrained or the Tenant shall pay the same.

Corporation on Notice thereof may tax the 95,000 Acres for such Sum and Damages.

XXVI. Action against Governor, &c. by Persons whose Goods, &c. have been distrained or Lands sequestered.

XXVII. Commissioners may examine Witnesses upon Oath.

XXVIII.

The Commissioners to take an Oath.

XXIX. Decree of Commissioners final.

Time and Place of First Meeting.

before named or to be named by virtue of this Act or any seaven or more of them pursuant to the Powers given them by this Act whereupon the Goods and Chattells of any Person or Persons his or their Tennant or Tennants of and in the said nynety five thousand Acres or any Part thereof shall be distreyned or sold or his or their Lands sequestred for the payment thereof or that such Person or Persons his or their Tennant or Tennants shall thereupon pay the said Tax and Taxes and Penaltyes soe assessed and imposed as aforesaid that then the said Governor Bayliffes and Corporation imediately from and after Notice to him or them given thereof, shall assess and tax the whole nynety five thousand Acres for the Satisfaction and Payment of the Tax Taxes and Penaltyes Sume and Sumes of Money and all Damages that such Person or Persons his or their Tennant or Tennants hath or have paid borne or susteyned as aforesaid

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if the said Governor Bayliffs and Corporation shall not within six Monthes next after Demand made by such Person or Persons his and their Heires Executors and Administrators whose owne or Tennant or Tennants Goods and Chattells shall bee distreyned or sold or Lands sequestred as aforesaid pay and sattisfy unto him or them such Sume and Sumes of Money and Damages as he or they or his and their respective Tennant or Tennants have respectively paid borne and susteined. That then and from thenceforth such Person and Persons his and their Heires and Assignes shall and may bring his and their Action or ACtions of Debt in any of the Kings Majesty es Courts at Westminster against the said Governor Bayliffes and Corporation for the Recovery thereof, and by virtue of this A & shall recover the same, and bee allowed Cost of Suite expended therein.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Comissioners soe constituted or to bee hereafter constituted as aforesaid or any seaven or more of them for the better Execucon of the Powers hereby given shall and may informe themselves by examining Witnesses upon Oath which hereby they or any seaven or more of them shall have Power to administer due Execution of all every or any the Powers or Authorityes hereby given them, and for the doing Justice therein accordingly

Provided alwayes That the said Comissioners and every of them before he or they take upon him or them the Execution of any the Powers or Authorityes hereby given them other then the administring the Oath following to one another, which they shall have Authority by this present Act to administer to one another shall take the Oath following (vizt)

j A:B: shall and will without Favour or Affection Hatred or Mallice truly and impartially according to the best

of my Skill and Knowledge execute and performe all and every the Powers and Authorityes established by this AS of Parliament.

Which Oath any one of the [said1] Comissioners are hereby authorised to administer

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Judgments Orders Decrees Determinations Alterations Changes Restaurations and other Acts done by the said Comissioners hereby constituted or hereafter to be constituted as aforesaid or of any seaven or more of them respectively pursuant to the Powers and Authorityes by this Act given shall be finall, and that the first Tyme and Place of their Meeting shall bee at or before the two and twentieth Day of September in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three at Ely

XXX.

The Places where the Commissioners are afterwards to sit;

to be Market Towns.

Notice of Time and Place of Sitting.

XXXI.

No Commissioners to have Voice respecting their own Division.

XXXII.

No interested Person to be a Commissioner.

And that afterwards the usuall Places where the said Comissioners shall sitt to heare order and determine the Matters to them referred by this AC! shall from the nyne and twentieth Day of September to the six and twentieth Day of March in every Yeare bee at the Towne of Huntington, and from the five and twentieth Day of March till the thirtieth Day of September in every Yeare be at Ely unless the said Comissioners hereby constituted or hereafter to be constituted as aforesaid or any seaven or more of them shall appoint some other Place or Places being a Markett Towne or Townes and the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them shall by Warrant under their Hands and Seales declare the Places and Tymes of their after meeting which Warrant shall bee published in the open Markett of such respective Places where they last sate betweene the Houres of Twelve and Two upon some Markett Day one Month at the least before the said tyme or tymes of Meeting to the End all Persons concerned may have sufficient Tyme and Notice to make their Appeareance before them upon any Cause of Complaint or other Occasion and shall have Power and Authority by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any seaven or more of them to summon Partyes and Witnesses to appeare before them

Provided That none of the said Comissioners hereby constituted or hereafter to be constituted as aforesaid shall vote or give his Judgment or Determination in any Matter or Thing which concemes the Division and Bounds of the County of or for which he is appointed Comissioner

Provided also That noe Person who hath any [Part*] Share or Interest in Possession or Revertion of or in any Mannors or Lands within the said Levell shall bee a Comissioner,

XXXIII. What shall create Incapacity of being a Commissioner.

And in case of Descent Guift Devise or Purchase of any such Part Share or Interest to or by any of the said Comissioners It is hereby declared and enacted That imediately after such Descent Guift Devise or Purchase to or by any such Comissioner [the said Descent Guift Devise or Purchase1] shall bee an Avoydance of his being a Comissioner, and shall make him bee incapable of being againe nominated or appointed a Comissioner whilst his Interest doth remaine

1 interlined.

15° Cak. II. c. IT

509

Provided also and the said Comissioners for the Tyme [being1] or any seaven or more of them shall from tyme to tyme and at all tymes have Power and Authority to give and make Sattisfaftion out of the nynety five thousand Acres to such Person or Persons whose Lands or Interest therein (by any new Works hereafter to be made by the said Corporation within the said Levell for conveying of the Waters of the said Levell by convenient Outfalls to the Sea) shall bee made worse in Quallity Condition or Value then they were before the said Undertaking in die said sixth Yeare of the said late King Charles proportionable to the Loss and Damage the Partyes shall receive thereby:

And to the end that the Owners of the Comons and Wasts in the said Levell [and other Townes Parishes and Places unto which the Workes aforesaid or any of them doe extend1] may improve the same by making Divisions and Inclosures Bee it provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may bee lawfull for any Person or Persons Body Politique or Corporate whatsoever their Heires and Successors that are [or shalbee'] Lords of Mannors or have [or shall havel] Rights of Comon in the said Wasts to improve sett out inclose divide and sever such Proportion or Proportions as to them shall or may severally [or respectively'] belong or appertaine [or bee adjudged and allotted1] out of the said Cdmons and Wasts within [the said Levell1] or within any Towne Parish or Place into which the Workes aforesaid or any of them doe extend [and to hold such Proporc6n in Severalty at all Times of the Yeare and all Differences that shall arise concerning'] the Boundaryes of the Wasts Rights of C5mon Approvements [Allotments'] Divisions and Inclosures shall from tyme to tyme and at all tymes be determined adjudged and finally ended by the said Comissioners for the tyme being or any seaven or more of them upon their View or Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which they are hereby authorized to administer) [or upon both1] and hearing of Parties [concerned by theire Adjudicac&n under1] their Hands and Seales in Writing, which Determination and Judgment being certified into the Petty Bagg [there to bee filed & kept on Record1 ] shall be finall and conclusive unto all Partyes And the Allottments Divisions and Proportions soe [adjudged or1 ] decreed to be held by the said respective Persons to whom they are soe sett out shall be held by him or them [and his & their Heires Executors and Assignes respectively'] according to his or their Tenure or Tenures Estate Title or Interest they had in the Mannors Tenements and Lands for which they claymed the said Proportions of Comon as abovesaid [paying such Fines and Rents and doing such Services in Proportion for the same as by Custome or otherwise they are to pay or [doe and1] doe for the Mannors Tenements and Lands for which they clayme the same Proportion having such respect to the yearely Values of the one and the other as shall (if need soe require) be limitted by seaven or more of the Comissioners*].

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Person and Persons (as were heretofore Owners of the one hundred seaventy five Acres in Sutton North and South Meadland in the said Isle of Ely sett out by the said Law of SlIves as a Recompence for dreyning the whole North and South Meadlands conteyning about one thousand Acres their Heires or Assignes to sue and implead before the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them the Owners and Occupiers of the said North and South Meadlands or elswhere within the said Great Levell to draw them into Contribution for their severall and respective Proportions of the said North and South Meadlands towards the said one hundred seaventy five Acres And the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them shall thereupon adjudge and decree unto the said Owners of the said one hundred seaventy five Acres or such of them as they shall thinke fitt and to their Heires and Assignes such Recompence and Sattisfaftion either in Ready Money yearely Rent or Land out of the Residue of the said North and South Meadlands as to the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them shall seeme meete to be held and enjoyed by the said Owners of the said one hundred seaventy five Acres their Heires and Assignes.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for Sr. John Watts Knight and others who derive any Interest under the Drayners of that Fenn called Londoners Fenn his and their Heires and Assignes to sue and implead all and every Person and Persons their Executors and Administrators that have taken and received the Rents and Profitts of his or their Share and Proportion of Londoners Fenne remaining from the Share and Proportion allotted and sett out by the said Law of S'. Ives since the said Levell was adjudged drayned and to sue for and recover the same in any of his Majestyes Courts at Westminster And also That it shall and may bee lawfull to and for the said Sr. John Watts and the Participants aforesaid his and their Heires and Assignes heretofore Owners of the severall Proportions in Londoners Fenn sett out by S'lyes Law for the Adventurers Recompence for dreyning the Low Grounds in Upwell Owtwell and Welney to pursue and prosecute before the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them their Clayme and sue for Releife against the Owners or Occupiers of the Fenny and Low surrounded Grounds lying in Upwell Outwell and Welney aforesaid whose Grounds did not all contribute or not in equall Proportion to the said nynety five thousand Acres to draw them into Contribution in Ease of the said Sr John Watts and the Participants aforesaid and thereupon the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them are hereby impowred to adjudge and decree unto the said Sr John Watts and the Participants

aforesaid his and their Heires and Assignes such Proportion out of the said Grounds which have not equally

contributed as aforesaid as to the said Comissioners or any seaven or more shall seeme meet

Provided alwayes and be it enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for the Kings Majesty and the Queenes

Majesty their Heires Successors and Assignes to continue in the Possession Usage and Disposall of the Banke called

Dousedale Banke being on the South side of his Majestyes Demesnes Lands called Portsand belonging to their Mannor of Crowland being Parte thereof, and to have such ancient Passages and Currents as of Right have beene used and accustomed for the Avoydance of Water through the same into the River South Eae as if this Act had never beene made.

1 interlined. c annexed in a separate Schedule.

6 0

XXXIV. Commissioners empowered to make Satisfaction for Lands injured by making new Works.

XXXV. Lords of Manors and Owners of Wastes and Commons may improve, &c.

Differences arising concerning Boundaries, &c. to be settled by Commissioners upon View or Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, or upon both. Determination certified into the Petty Bag, and final.

How Allotments under such Decree held.

XXXVI. Owners of 175 Acres of Land in Sutton and North and South Meadland may sue the Owners of other Lands for Contribution.

XXXVII. Proviso respecting Suits by Persons interested in Londoners Fen, for Rents of their Shares received since Level adjudged drained, and forContribution against the Owners and Occupiers of Upwell, Outwell, and Welney.

XXXVIII. Proviso for the King's Possession of Dousedale Bank.

510

15° Car. II. c. 17.

A.D. 166&

XXXIX. How and for what Terms Archbishops, Bishops, &c. may make Leases,

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for every Arch bisshop Bisshop Deane and Chapter and all Colledges and Halls in other University [and all Bodies Politique & Corporate1] who are [or shalbee1] Lords of Mannors or have [or shall havel] Right of Soyle or Comon in the Wasts within the said Levell, [or within such other Townes Parishes & Places into which the Workes of the Dreyning aforesaid doe or shall extend *] and who are by this Act impowred to improve sett out inclose divide and sever such Proportion or Proportions as to them shall or may respectively belong or appertaine out of the said Commons and Wasts within the said Levell to demise by Indenture all and every the said such Proportion or Proportions as to them shall or may respectively belong or appertaine out of the said Comons or Wasts within the said Levell which have not by expresse Words and [under any particular Rent binne at any Time formerly1] demised for any Terme or Number of Yeares not exceeding one and twenty Yeares so as upon every such Demise or Lease be reserved the fourth Part of the true yearly Value to be ascertained by the Comissioners aforesaid or any seaven of them due and payable yearly during the said Terme to him or them and his and their Successors.

XL.

Proviio for Thomas Chicheley, Esq.

XLI. Proviso for Lords of Manors as to Waifs, Strays, &c.

XL1J. Proviso for St. 4 Jac. I. c. 13.

XLIII. Commissioners enabled to decree Recompense to Owners of Lands cut through for conveying the Waters from the Level, and repairing the Banks and Works, and in Default of Payment may tax the 95,000 Acres.

XLIV.

The Barons of the Exchequer empowered to hear and determine Differences between Parties, in case the said Judicature do not determine within Twelve Months from 1 Aug. next.

XLV. Proviso for Lessees of the King of the said 10,000 Acres, and their Assignees, being chosen Governor, &c. and voting.

Provided alwayes and be it declared by and with the Consent of all Partyes concerned That neither this Act nor any Thing therein conteined shall extend or bee construed to extend to alter the Possession of Thomas Chicheley Esquier of or from six hundred seaventy one Acres Parcell of the Lott now claimed to belong to the said Trustees of Henry late Earle of Arundell and Surrey and two hundred thirty one Acres Parcell of the Lott now claimed to belong to the said Sr. William Terringham or from any Part thereof by him the said Thomas Chicheley now enjoyed under Purchasers by Sales for Non payment of Taxes upon the Dispute betweene the old and new Adventurers but that the said Corporation shall execute Conveyances of the said respective Proportion unto the said Thomas Chicheley his Heires and Assignes Any Thing herein conteined to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and be it enacted That all such Right or Rights as any Lord or Lords of any Mannor or Mannors Libertyes Hundred or Halfe Hundred have heretofore had within their respective Mannor or Mannors Libertyes Hundred or Halfe Hundred within or without the said Levell to Waifes Strayes Fellons Goods Priviledges of Arrests Escheats and all other Royaltyes not prejudicial! to the Dreyning bee hereby saved to them their Heires Successors and Assignes severally and respectively Any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That this Act or any Thing therein conteined shall not be interpreted to infring or any Way to weaken an Act made the fourth Yeare of the Raigne of King James intituled An Act for the dreyning of certaine Fenns and Low Grounds within the Isle of Ely subject to Hurt by surrounding conteyning about six thousand Acres compassed about with certaine Banks comonly called and named The Ring of Waltersea and Coldham but the said Act shall stand in full force and vertue Any Thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, That whereas divers Lands, in and neere adjoyning unto the said Great Levell, have been cutt through for the better conveying of the Waters from the same, and for upholding or repayring the Bankes and Workes there, without making Satisfaction to the respective Owners of the said Lands, for the Damage they have susteyned by such cutting Bee it further enacted That the said Comissioners for the time being, or any seaven or more of them, upon Complaint to them made of such Damage susteyned as aforesaid, without Recompence for the same, shalbee, and are hereby impowered, to award and decree such Recompence and Satisfaction to the Party and Partyes greived, according to their respective Damages susteyned by such cutting, as to the said Comissioners for the time being, or any seaven or more of them shall bee adjudged reasonable, the said Recompence and Satisfaction to bee made and given by the said Corporation, within six Monthes next after such Award, or Decree made, and in Default thereof, the said Comissioners or any seaven or more of them, shall and may and are

hereby impowered, to rate and tax the said ninety and five thousand Acres, and to distreyne thereupon for the

Payment of such Rate or Tax, and the Distresse taken thereupon, to sell or dispose as they shall thinke fitt, (rendring the Overplus (if any bee) to the Owner) for the Payment and Satisfaction of such Moneys and Damages, as shall bee soe awarded, Any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

Provided nevertheles. That in case the Judicature hereby established, shall not within twelve Moneths from the first Day of August next, heare and determine all the Matters by this Act to them referred, concerning the said ninety five thousand Acres, all and every such Person and Persons, whose Complaints shall bee then undetermined, may make their Applications to the Barons of his Majesties Court of Excheq^ who are hereby established a Court of Judicature, and sufficiently authorized to heare and determine all such Controversyes and Differences betweene the said Partyes in as large and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Judicature hereby established, might have done, and such Judgment Order, or Decree of the said Court of Exchequer, shall bee in all Things observed and bee effectuall, as if the said Barons, had been made the only Judicature by this Act

Provided alwayes, and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Lessees of the Kings Majesty his

Heires and Successors, of the said ten thousand Acres, or of any Part thereof, and the Assignes of such Lessees, and every or any of them, shalbee capable to bee elected and chosen into the Office or Place, Offices, or Places, of Govemo' Bailiffs and Conservators aforesaid, and to vote in such Elections and Choyce, and in all other Matters,

15° Car. II. c. IT.

511

as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Members of the Corporation, Owners of any Part of the said ninety five thousand Acres, may bee elected and chosen, vote in such Election and Choyce, or in any other Matter, so as such Lessees, and their Assignees respectively, have and bee Lessees or Owners of double the Quantity or Number of Acres, Parcell of the said ten thousand Acres, as by virtue of this Act is required, to qualify any Person, to bee elected and chosen into the Office or Place of Govemo'. Bailiffc or Conservator respectively, and to vote in such Elections and Choyce, or in any other Matter, touching the said Levell, and soe as such Leases, or Assignements they clayme by, bee entred with the Register, Any Thing before in this AS to the contrary notwithstanding.

Providkd alwayes, and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That this Act shall not extend to impeach or make voyd any Obligation, given to David Offley Gentleman, conditioned for his quiet Enjoyment of a certaine Parcell of Land, purchased by him in the said Levell, but that the said David Offley may sue and prosecute his severall ASion or Actions upon the said Obligation, as if hee had been eviSed or removed from his Estate therein by due Course of Law

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Breaches happen in any of the Bankes, Sasses, Sluces, Tunnells, or other Workes, within the said Great Levell, or in any the Workes, made without the said Great Levell, for carrying the Waters of the said Great Levell, to their Outfall at Sea, by reason of some inevitable Accidents, the same shalbee repayred and made good in convenient tyme, by and at the Charges of the said Corporation, and their Successors, but no other Charge shall bee layd upon the said Corporation or their Successors for or in respect of such Breaches, nor for or in respect of any Breaches, that have happened heretofore in any of the said Bankes, Sasses, Sluces, or other Workes, nor shall the said Corporation bee inforced, to give to any other Person any Recompence for any Losse or Damage, which hath or shall happen, by reason of their making necessary and sufficient Bankes, for the defending of the said Levell. from being overflowne, and for the leading o. the Waters of the said Levell in their Channells, as now they runne, unto their*Outfall at Sea

Provided nevertheles, and bee it enacted, That where any Participant under Francis Earle of Bedford, or the Heires or Assignes of any such Participant, hath exchanged his or their Share or Lott of the said ninety five thousand Acres or any Part thereof, for any other Lands, Parcell of the said ninety five thousand Acres, which were claymed and held under such pretended Sales, for Non payment of Taxes, since one thousand six hundred forty and nine, It shall and may bee lawfull, to and for such Participant and Participants, and his and their Heires and Assignes, to enter againe upon the same Lands, soe given in Exchange and to have and reteyne the same in his and their Possession, Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding, subject neverthelesse in all Things, to such Judgment and Determination, as the Judicature hereby construed, shall make concerning the same

Provided alwayes That no ascertaining or dividing of the said dreyned, or new improved Lands by the said Comissioners as aforesaid, shall conclude the Kings Majesty his Heires, Successors, or Assignes, or any other Person or Persons, as to the Bounds of Parishes, to any other Intent or Purpose, then subjecting the same to Taxes and Contributions, and Episcopall Jurisdictions, and not as to the Right of Tythes, or any other Purpose whatsoever, nor shall bee, or bee used in Evidence concerning the same

Provided also, and bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, having a Right of Comon in any of the Mannors, Wasts, Comons, or Lands, within the said Great Levell of the Fenns, called Bedford Levell, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, at any time after such Division, or Inclosure made, or sett out as aforesaid, shall breake, throwe downe, disturbe, obstruct, or by any Meanes hinder, or lay open the said Improvements, and Inclosures, at, in, or after the making thereof, or the Hedges, Ditches, or Fences of the same, or any Part thereof shall destroy, and shall bee thereof convicted by two credible ‘ Witnesses upon Oath, before two Justices of the i nee of the County, where such Disturbance or Destruction shall bee made. Every such Person or Persons, soe conviCled as aforesaid, hall forfeit for every such Offence the Sume of twenty Pounds, to bee leavyed by Distresse upon the Goods and Chattells of every such Offendors or Offendors, by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of the said Justices of the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall bee made, the one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moyety to such Person or Persons, against whom the said Offence, is or shall bee comitted, or for Want of such sufficient Distresse, the Offendor, shall bee comitted to the House of Correction or Comon Goale for three Monthes, without Bayle or Mainprize, at the said Justices Discretion

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the first Day of August which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and eight no Tax or Taxes exceeding two Shilling the Acre in any one Yeare shall bee assessed laid or leavied upon the said tenn thousand Acres by this Act vested in the Kings Majesty his Heires Successors and Assignes or upon Ay Part thereof or upon the two thousand Acres hereby vested in the Assignes of the said Earle of Portland but in case the Taxes to be assessed upon the said eighty three thousand Acres are hereby vested in the said Corporation shall not amount unto soe much in Proportion as two Shillings an Acre according to the Proportion for each Acre, then a proportionable Abatement shall be made out of the said two Shillings p Acre which shall be charged yearly by an equall Rate upon every Acre of the said tenn thousand Acres and the said two thousand Acres according to the Rate imposed upon every Acre of the said eighty three thousand Acres whether the same shall be assessed by an Acre Tax or a Pcund Rate or by any other Way Any Thing herein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding

Qualification of such Lessees and Assignees.

XLVI. Proviso for David Offley, Gentleman.

XLVII. How far Breaches in Banks, Sluices, &c. to be made good.

In what Case Corporation not compelled to give Recompense.

XLVIII. Proviso for Persons claiming under Francis Earl of Bedford, that have changed their Lanas.

XLIX. Proviso as to Bounds of Parishes, and Right of Tithes.

L.

Persons having Right of Common in Bedford Level, or others, breaking down Enclosures;

Penalty a£ao.

How to be levied and disposed of.

LI.

After the Year 1668, Taxes shall not exceed as. per Acre in any one Year on the 10,000 Acres vested in the King, or the 2,000 Acres vested in the Assignees of the Earl of Portland. Proviso for Abatement.

15° Car. II. c. 17.

A.D. 1663.

LII.

•Acre Tax for the said 12,000 Acres not to compel or conclude Corporation to lay an Acre Tax on the said 83,000 Acres.

And it is further declared That the assessing laying and levying of Taxes upon the said tenn thousand Acres or upon the said two thousand Acres or any Part thereof after the said first Day of August which shall bee in the [said *] Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and eight by the Way of an Acre Tax shall not extend nor be interpreted or construed to extend to compell or conclude the said Corporation to assess lay or leavy any Tax or Taxes upon the said eighty three thousand Acres hereby vested in the said Corporation or upon any Part thereof by the Way of an Acre tax.

ITEM queda Petidones privatas Personas concernentes (in se forma Actus continentes) exhibite fuerunt pdido Domino

Regi in Parliament pdi&o quaru Tituli subscribuntur.

1. An Act for setleing the Proffitts of the Post Office and Power of granting Wine Licences on his Royall Highnesse the Duke of Yorke and the Heires Males of his Body*

2* An Act for the setleing of the Lands of the Earle of Kent and the Lord Lucas on the Marriage of the said Earle with the Daughter and Heire apparent of the Lord Lucas

3. An Act for the setleing of a Free Schoole in Witnessin the County of Oxon being erected and endowed by Henry Box Citizen and Grocer of London deceased.

4. An Act to enable the Bishop of Winchester to lease out the Tenements now built upon the sdte of his Mansion House in the Parish of Saint Saviours in Southwarke in the County of Surrey and the two Parkes and other Demeasnes at Bishops Waltham and other Lands in the County of Southampton.

5. An Act for repairing and better pWveing the Key of the Port of Wells in the County of Norfolke.

6. An Act for the governing of the Hospitall of S* Oswalds in the County of Worcester.

7. An Act to enable Sir Francis Boynton Baronet and Richard Robinson Esq^ to sell certaine Lands of John Robinson Esq> for Payment of Debts, and leasing of other Lands for makeing Provision for his younger Children

8. An Act for makeing void certaine Conveyances made by Carill Lord Mollineux in the late times.

9. An Act for setleing the draining of the Great Levell of the Fennes called Bedford Levell.

10. An Act to confirme a Deed made by Charles Pitcame Esqs

11. An Act for the Naturalization of Dame Elizabeth Jacob and others*

12. An Act for the Naturalizing of George Willoughby and others,

13. An Act for confirming an Act for naturalizing of Peter de la Pierre alias Peters and John de la Pierre ais Peters.

14. An Act for repaireing the Highwayes within the Countyes of Hertford Cambridge and Huntington.

15. An Act to enable Edward Marquesse of Worcester to receive the benefitt and proffitt of a Water cdmanding Engine by him invented one Tenth part whereof is appropriated for the benefit of the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors.

16. An Act for setling an Annuity of Three hundred pounds per Annu upon Charles Earle of Portland, and for the benefit of Willoughby Whitlocke Bulstrode Whitelocke and Carleton Whitelocke Infants and for confirming of Agreements made to compose Suites in Law against them.

17. An Act for setleing the Charitable Gift of John Guest.

18. An Act to enable Sir John Packington and his Trustees to sell or otherwise dispose of certaine Lands for the payment of his Debts and raiseing Portions for his younger Children.

19. An Act to enable Edward Chaloner Esq> to make provision for Anne his Wife and his younger Children.

ao. An Act for the Naturalizing of Charlotte Hessen Killigrew and others.

21. An Act to impower Sir John Drake and others to make sale of Lands for payment of the Portion of Ellen Briscoe Widdow.

22. An Act to enable the Sale of some of the Lands of Richard Senior and Anthony Senior deceased for payment of some of their Debts.

1 interlined.

( 513

Anno 16° CARO LI, II. A.D. 1664.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations continued until the Twentieth Day of August, In the SIXTEENTH Year of the same King,

In the Third Session of the same Parliament.

i&otulo |9artf amentf De anno ftegnt ftegts CaroU £>ecunM SDerfmo sejrto.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato et tento apud Westm Octavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenissiini atqs Excellenrissimi Dfiii nfi Caroli Stfdi Dei Gra Anglie Sc6e Francie et Hibinie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Dedmo-tertio, et per seperales Prorogac6es usq> ad Vicessimum Diem Augusti Anno disti Dmi Regis Decimo-sexto continual (tertia ejusde Parliamenti Sessione) Comuni oiu Dnoru ta Spualiu qua Temporaliu et Comunitatis Consensu et Regie Majestatis Assensu sancita ina&itata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequenda hec Statuta ad verbum ut sequitur (viz1)

Publique Acts CHAPTER I.

An Act for the assembling and holding of Parliaments once in Three yeares at the least. And for the repeale of an Act endtuled An Act for the preventing of Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments.

WHEREAS the Act made in the Parliament begun at Westminster the Third day of November in the Sixteenth Yeare of the Raigne of our late Sov'^gne Lord King Charles of blessed Memory endtuled An Act for the preventing of Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments is in Derogation of His Majestyes just Rights and Prerogative inherent to the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme for the calling and assembling of Parliaments, And may be an occasion of manifold mischeifes and inconveniences, and much endanger the Peace and Safety of His Majestie, and all His Leidge People of this Realme, Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the said Act endtuled An Act for the preventing of Inconveniencies happening by the long Intermission of Parliaments And all and every the Articles Clauses and Things therein contained is, shall be and are hereby wholly repealed annulled and utterly made void, And are hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever as if the said Act had never beene had or made. Any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary (1) notwithstanding.

And because by the auntient Lawes and Statutes of this Realme made in the Raigne of King Edward the Third Parliaments are to be held very often Your Majesties humble and loyall Subjects the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled most humbly doe beseech Your most Excellent Majestie, That it may be declared and enacted And bee it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That hereafter the sitting and holding of Parliaments shall not be intermitted or discontinued above three yeares at the most, but that within three yeares from and after the determination of this present Parliament and soe from time to time within three yeares after the determination of any other Parliament or Parliaments, or if there be occasion more often, Your Majestie Your Heires and Successors doe issue out Your Writts for calling assembling and holding of another Parliement to the end there may be a frequent calling assembling and holding of Parliaments once in Three yeares at the least.

Rot. Pari 16 C. II.

nu. I.

Recital that 16 Car. I. c. i. is in Derogation of the Crown.

The said Act repealed.

II.

No longer Intermission of Parliaments than Three Years.

1 in any wise 0.

6 P

16° Car. II. c.2, 3

A.D. 1664.

Rot. Parl. i6C. II.

am. 3.

Recital of 31 Eli*, c. 1. § 1.

Reasons for passing this Act.

The not coming of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Treasurer shall not abate Writs of Error if either of the Chief Justices are in the Exchequer Chamber.

II.

But no Judgment given unless Lord Chancellor and Treasurer be present.

CHAPTER IL

An Act for preventing of Abatements of Writts of Error upon Judgements in the Exchequer.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the One and thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth tv It is enacted That the not comeing of the Lord Chauncellour and Lord Treasurer or either of them at the day of Adjournment in any Suite of Error depending by vertue of the Statute of the One and thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of King Edward the Third therein mentioned concerning Error made in the Exchequer shall not be any Discontinuance of any such Writt of Error, But if both the Cheife Justices of either Bench, or any one of the said great Officers the Lord Chauncellour or Lord Treasurer shall come to the Exchequer Chamber and there be present at the day of Adjournment in such Suite of Error, It shall be noe Discontinuance but the Suite shall proceede in Law to all intents and purposes as if both the Lord Chauncellour and Lord Treasurer had comen, and beene present at the day and place of Adjournment, Which Statute doth not provide a Remedy in case the said Lord Chauncellour and Lord Treasurer or either of them shall not be present at the dayes and times of the Returnes of such Writts of Error although it be within the same mischeife Justice being delayed, And the partyes in such Cases being putt to begin new Suites to their great Charges and Prejudice by reason of the absence and not comeing of the said great Officers Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in Parliament assembled and by Authorise of the same That the not comeing of the Lord Chauncellour and Lord Treasurer or either of them at the day of Returae of any Writt of Error to be sued forth by vertue of the said Statute made in the said One and thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of the said King Edward the Third shall not cause any Abatement or Discontinuance of any such Writt of Error, But if both the Cheife Justices of either Bench or either of them or any one of the said great Officers the Lord Chauncellour or Lord Treasurer shall come to the Exchequer Chamber and there be present at the day of Returae of any such Writt of Error it shall be noe Abatement or Discontinuance, But the Suite shall proceede in Law to all intents and purposes as if both the Lord Chauncellour and Lord Treasurer had commen and beene present at the day and place of [the1] returae of such Writt.

Provided alwayes That noe Judgement shall be given in any such Suite or Writt of Error, unlesse both the Lord Chauncellour and the Lord Treasurer shall be present thereat.

CHAPTER ffl.

Rot. Parl. 16 C. II. 3*

An Act for collecting the Duty ariseing by Hearth-money by Officers to be appointed by His Majesde.

Recital of

13 (*3

Car. II. c. 10. and of

15 Car. II. c. 13.

Reaioni for passing this Act.

The King may appoint Officers to collect, this Revenue;

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament begun at Westminster the Eighth day of May in the Thirteenth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne that now is endtuled An Act for establishing an addidonall Revenue upon His Majesde His Heires and Successors for the better support of His and their Crowne and Dignide, And by another Act made in the Second Session of the said Parliament in the Fifteenth yeare of the Raigne of His said Majesde intituled An Addidonall Act for the better ordering and collecting the Revenue ariseing by Hearth money It was enacted and ordained That from and after the Five and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixde and two, every Dwelling and other House and Edifice, and all Lodgeings in Innes of Court, Innes of Chancery Colledges and other Societyes that are, or hereafter shall be erected within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede (other then such as are therein excepted) shall be and are charged with the annuall Payment to the Kings Majesde His Heires and Successors for every Fire Hearth and Stove within every such House Edifice Chambers and Lodgeings the summe of Two shillings by the yeare to be paid yearely at the Feasts of Saint Michaell the Arch-Angell, and of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary by even and equall portions an exact and just Account of the numbers of all which Fire Hearthes and Stoves is thereby enacted to be taken and returned into His Majestyes Court of Exchequer And the Moneyes and Revenues due and payable for the same to be collected levyed and paid to His Majesde by such persons and Officers in manner and forme as by the said Acts is prescribed. Neverthelesse by reason of some defects in the said [Acts *] and great negligence of the said Officers and other persons in not returning the exact numbers of the said Fire Hearthes and Stoves, and not duely collecting leavying and paying into His Majestyes Exchequer the full Revenue due for the numbers returned at the times appointed, and by sundry fraudulent piaftises to elude the said [Acts] the said Revenue is much diminished and not duely answered, For Remedy thereof and for the better ascertaining and collecting the said Revenue for the future Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Kings Majesde His Heires and Successors from and after the Fower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred sixtie sower from time to time by and with the Advice of the Lord High Treasurer Chauncellour Under Treasurer and Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the time being or any three of them, whereof the Lord High Treasurer or Chauncellour of the Exchequer to be one to constitute and appoint such person or persons as His Majesde His Heires & Successors shall thinke meete to be the Officer or Officers for the receiveing and collecting and

1 0. omits.

•Aft 0.

9 Acts 0.

16° Car. II. c. 3.

515

answering the duty ariseing by the said Fire-Hearthes and Stoves by vertue of the said severail Acts, and for viewing and numbering of the severail Chimney Hearthes and Stoves mentioned in the said Acts, and for the inspeding and examining the severail Rolles Certificates and Retumes thereof made, and to be made from time to time into His Majestyes Court of Exchequer in pursuance of the said Acts or any other thing belonging to the same, Which Officers or any of them shall have full power to examine and supervise the Rolles and numbers of Fire-Hearthes and Stoves already returned into the said Court of Exchequer And being accompanyed with the Constable or the Tythingman Treasurer Under Treasurer or other publique or proper Officer of the place (who are hereby required to attend and assist upon this occasion) and in all Parishes and places where there are noe Constables Tythingmen or other Publique [Officers1] as aforesaid there without any such assistance to enter in the day time into any dwelling or other House Edifice Lodgeings and Chambers aforesaid And to search and examine whether there be any more Fire Hearthes and Stoves in the same then were formerly returned or certified, and what Fire Hearthes or Stoves are increased or decreased since the former Certificate, After which search and examination, the said Officer with a Constable or Tythingman or Officers as aforesaid shall have liberty to make the like search and examination once every yeare, And if they shall finde any variance in the number returned both the Officer or Officers appointed by His Majestie and the Constable or Tythingman or other Officer as aforesaid to certifie the same under his and their Hands to the Clerke of the Peace, which Certificate they are hereby enjoyned to make, and after Approbation thereof by the Justices of the Peace at their Sessions the same to be certifyed to His Majestyes Remembrancer in the Exchequer and the Officer or Officers soe appointed by His Majestie unto the same shall from and after the said Fower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred sixtie fbwer have power to collect and levy the Revenue and Dutyes soe given to His Majestie as aforesaid and all Arreares of the same.

And be it further enacted That the said Duty shall from time to time be paid after the Feast dayes of Saint Michaell the Arch-Angell and the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary yearely unto such Officer as shall be appointed by vertue of this present Act to receive the same upon demand thereof made by such Officer or his Deputy at the House Chamber or Place where the same Duty shall arise or grow due, And that in case of refusall or default of such payment thereof by the space of one houre after such demand the said Officer or his Deputy may at any time with the assistance of a Constable Tythingman or other Officer as aforesaid in the day time leavy the said Duty and all the Arrearages thereof by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the party or partyes soe refuseing or makeing defaulte, restoreing to the party or partyes the overplus of the value of such Goods over and above the Duty and Arrearages thereof then behinde, and over and above the necessary charges of takeing such Distresse, which charges shall in noe case exceede the one moyety of the Duty and Arrearages thereof soe levyed.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted That noe Owners Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fire-Hearthes or Stoves shall be charged destrained or molested for the said Duty, or any Arrearages thereof at any time after the space of two yeares next after the Duty hereafter shall become due to His Majestie His Heires or Successors, [Nor for any Arrearages of the said Duty already incurred after the space of two yeares from the Fower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred sixty [&*] fower3] And in case of violent opposition or injury done by any person or persons to any such Officer or his Deputie in the due execution of this Act, and the same proved by Oath before any one Justice of the Peace, or Cheife Magistrate or Magistrates of the Citty Towne or Place dwelling neere unto the place who are hereby authorized to administer the said Oath, it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Justice of the Peace Magistrate or Magistrates to punish such offender or offenders if he shall finde cause by Imprisonment in the Common Goale for any time not exceeding the space of one Moneth,

And from and after the said Fower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred sixty sower all Officers

formerly appointed to collect the said Duty shall be discharged from the future collecting and levying the same otherwise then as they are directed by this Act, And the said Officer and Officers soe appointed by His Majestie to collect this Duty shall pay the same into His Majestyes Exchequer to the ends in the said former Acts mentioned

Provided That noe person or persons shall be imployed as aforesaid unlesse he and they shall first give in sufficient Security to His Majestie His Heires and Successors for the due collecting levying and paying in of the

said Revenue or such part thereof as shall be committed to their respective trusts, and shall likewise take a

Corporall Oath before one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer or before such persons as shall be authorized to take such Security and Oath by Commission from the said Court of Exchequer for the due and faithfull execution thereof according to the Lawes enacted [for4] that purpose. And that they shall not exact or demand any Fee or summe of money for execution thereof from any Subject, but onely from the Kings Majestie under paine of being disabled to execute the said Office or Imployment, And upon legall Conviction of any such Crime to render treble damage to the party grieved, And shall signe and deliver Acquittances for Moneyes by them received without any Fee or Reward whatsoever. And every such Acquittance shall be a finall Discharge as in the said first Ad is provided

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person occupying any Hearth or Stove chargeable to His Majestie shall leave or relinquish any House, Edifice Lodgeing or Chamber before any of the halfe yearely Feasts whereon the same is appointed to be paid [unto4] His Majestie His Heires and Successors; In every such case the next Occupyer thereof shall be chargeable with the same for the said halfe yeare. And (5) if any

to view rad number Hearths rad imped Returns

who (accompanied with a Constable. &c.) may enter and search Houses, See.

Search every Year.

Variance in the Number ofChimnies to be certified to the Clerk of the Peace 5

and by him, being approved by Sessions, unto the Exchequer.

II.

The Duty arising payable to the King’s Officers.

Defaultof Payment.

Distress.

III. Within what Time Arrears to be exacted.

If Violence used against Officers 1

Punishment.

The former Officers discharged.

IV. Collectors to give Security and take Oath.

No Fee to Officer.

Penalty.

Officer to give Acquittance to Party without Fee.

V.

The succeeding Tenant liable for the broken Half Year.

16° Car. II. c. 3,4.

A.D. 1664.

Stopping up, or conceding Chimnies, &c. Penalty.

VI.

Persons letting Houses to Poor Persons or parcelling out the same to pay the Duty.

All Houses with more than Two Chimnies, &c. (Exception) liable.

VII.

One Justice may decide Differences about Distresses.

&c.

VIII. Collectors to pay the Money into the Exchequer.

Loss of Office.

Justices, Src. to give Assistance to the Officers.

IX.

Proviso for Persons formerly exempted, or having paid, producing Certificate for Exemption.

X.

Allowance to Constables, &c.

person shall fraudulently itopp up deface cover or conceale any Chimney Hearth or Stove chargeable by the said Act, and the same be proved either by Confession of the party or upon Oath before one Justice of Peace or Cheife Magistrate or by their view he shall for such offence pay double the value of the Duty [of1] the same to be levyed as aforesaid.

And bee it likewise enacted That if any person within one yeare last past hath, or hereafter shall lett the Lands Gardens Orchards or Outhouses formerly belonging to any Dwelling house or Cottage apart from the same, or shall divide any House into severall Dwellings, or lett out the same to any such persons who by reason of their poverty may pretend to be exempted from payment of the said Duty by any Clause or Clauses in the former Acts that in every such case such person shall pay the (*) Duty in as ample manner as they ought to have done before that time, And that noe person or persons inhabiting any Dwelling house (not being an Aimes house exempted by the former Act) within any Citty Burrough Corporation [or3] Market Towne or Parish which hath or shall have in it more then Two Chimneyes Fire Hearthes or Stoves shall be exempted from payment of the Dutyes thereon imposed by colour of any exemption or pretext whatsoever,

And if any question or difference shall arise about the takeing any Distresse, or levying any money by vertue of this Act the same shall be heard and finally determined by one or more of the [Justices of the4] Peace neere adjoyning or cheife Magistrate of the place respectively upon complaint in that behalfe

And be it further enacted That every Collector who shall be authorized and appointed by vertue of this Act to receive any of the said Dutyes shall truely answere and pay all such moneys as he shall receive for the said Dutyes into His Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer halfe yearely within Three monethes after the Feast of Saint Michaell the Arch-Angell, or the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary happening next after the time the [said5] moneys grew due to His Majestie by vertue of the said Acts, and under the penalty of the losse of his Office, And the Justices of Peace and cheife Magistrates Constables and other His Majestyes Officers within their severall Limitts and Jurisdictions are hereby authorized and required to give assistance from time to time to such Officers as shall be appointed by His Majestie His Heires and Successors for the collecting of the said Duty according to the true meaning of the said former Acts and this present Act,

Provided That noe person or persons shall be questioned for any Arreares due on or before our Lady day One thousand six hundred sixtie sower who shall produce to the Collector a Certificate approved or to be approved of by the two next Justices of Peace for their exemption from the said Duty for that time according to the Rules prescribed in the said first recited Act, nor any person who hath truely paid the said Duty and shall if it be required make proofe thereof before any one Justice of Peace or other cheife Magistrate of the place. Any thing therein contained or any Retume made into His Majestyes Exchequer to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every such Officer or Officers as shall (6) at any time [be3] appointed by His Majestie His Heires and Successors for thecollefting gathering and receiveing of the severall Summes of Money now or hereafter to grow due unto His Majestie His Heires and Successors for or in respect of the said Duty ariseing upon the Fire Hearthes and Stoves shall satisfie and pay unto the respecthre Petty Constables and Clerks of the Peace of this Kingdome all such allowances as are by any former Act or Acts given and allowed unto them aswell for their paines and labour heretofore as hereafter to be taken by them as in and by the former Acts concerning Fire-Hearthes and Stoves are limitted and appointed, Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER IV.

Rot. Parl. i6C.II. nu. 4.

Recital that 35 Eliz. c. 1. nad not been executed.

The said Act in force.

Persons Sixteen Years old and upwards assembling under Colour of Religion.

An Act to prevent and suppresse seditious Conventicles.

WHEREAS an Act made in the Five and thirtyeth yeare of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lady Queene Elizabeth Entituled An Act to retaine the Queenes Majestyes Subjects in their due Obedience hath not beene putt in due Execution by reason of some doubt of late made whether the said Act be still in force although it be very clear and evident, and it is hereby declared that the said Act is still in force and ought to be putt in due execution; For provideing therefore of further and more speedy Remedyes against the growing and dangerous Praftises of Seditious Seftaryes and other disloyall persons who under pretence of Tender Consciences doe at their Meetings contrive Insurrections as late experience hath shewed, Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same That if any person of the age of Sixteene yeares or upwards being a Subject of this Realme at any time after the first day of July which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and sower shall be present at any Assembly Conventicle or Meeting under colour or pretence of any Exercise of Religion in other manner then is allowed by the Liturgy or praftise of the Church of England in any place within the kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne

A.D. 1664. 16° Car. II. c. 4. 517

of Berwicke upon Tweede, at which Conventicle Meeting or Assembly there shall be five persons or more assembled together over and above those of the same Household, then it shall and may be lawfull to and for any two Justices of the Peace of the County Limit Division or Liberty wherein the offence aforesaid shall be committed, or for the Cheife Magistrate of the place where such offence aforesaid shall be committed (if it be within a Corporation where there are not two Justices of the Peace) And they are hereby required and enjoyned upon proofe to them or him respectively made of such offence either by confession of the party or Oath of Witnesses, or notorious Evidence of the Fad (which Oath the said Justices of the Peace and Cheife Magistrate respectively are hereby hnpowered and required to administer) to make a Record of every such offence and offences under their Hands and Seales respectively, which Record soe made as aforesaid shall to all intents and purposes be in Law taken and adjudged to be a full and perfect Conviction of every such Offender for such offence, And thereupon the said Justices and Chiefe Magistrate respectively shall committ every such Offender soe convicted as aforesaid to the Goale, or House of Corredion there to remaine without Baile or Maineprize for any time not exceeding the space of three Monethes unlesse such offender shall pay downe to the said Justices or Cheife Magistrate such Summe of Money not exceeding Five pounds as the said Justices or Cheife Magistrate (who are hereby thereunto authorized and required) shall fine the said offender at for his or her said offence which Money shall be paid to the Church-Wardens for the releife of the Poore of the Parish where such offender did last inhabite.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if such Offender soe convicted as aforesaid shall at any time againe committ the like offence contrary to this Act, and be thereof in manner aforesaid convicted then such Offender soe convict of such second offence shall incurr the penalty of Imprisonment in the Goale or House of Corredion for any time not exceeding six Monethes without Baile or Mainprize unlesse such Offender shall pay downe to the said Justices or Cheife Magistrate such summe of money not exceeding Ten pounds as the said Justices or Cheife Magistrate (who are thereunto authorized and required as aforesaid) shall fine the said offender at for his or her said second offence, the said Fine to be disposed in manner aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any such Offender soe convict of a second offence contrary to this Act in manner aforesaid shall at any time againe committ the like offence contrary to this Act,

then any two Justices of the Peace and Cheife Magistrate as aforesaid respectively shall committ every such

Offender to the Goale or House of Corredion there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize untill the next Generali Quarter Sessions Assizes, Goale-delivery Great Sessions or sitting of any Comission of Oyer and Terminer in the respective County Limitt Division or Liberty which shall first happen when and where every such Offender shall be proceeded against by Indictment for such offence, and shall forthwith be arraigned upon such Indictment, and

shall then pleade the Generali Issue of Not guilty, and give any speciall matter in Evidence or confesse the

Indictment, And if such Offender proceeded against shall be lawfully convict of such Offence either by Confession or Verdict, or if such Offender shall refuse to pleade the Generali Issue or to confesse the Indictment then the respective Justices of the Peace at their Generali Quarter Sessions Judges of Assize and Goale delivery at the Assizes and Goale delivery Justices of the Great Sessions at the Great Sessions and Comissioners of Oyer and Terminer at their sitting are hereby enabled and required to cause Judgment to be entred against such Offender That such Offender shall be transported beyond the Seas to any of His Majestyes Forreigne Plantations (Virginia and New England onely excepted) there to remaine Seaven Yeares And shall forthwith under their Hands and Seales make out Warrants to the Sheriffe or Sheriffes of the same County where such Conviction or Refusall to pleade or to confesse as aforesaid shall be safely to convey such Offender to some Port or Haven neerest or most comodious to be appointed by them respectively, And from thence to [embarque1] such Offender to be safely

transported to any of His Majestyes Plantations beyond the Seas as shall be alsoe by them respectively appointed

(Virginia and New England onely excepted) Whereupon the said Sheriffe shall safely convey and [embarque,*] or cause to be conveyed and [embarqued1] such Offender to be transported as aforesaid under paine of forfeiting for defeulte of soe transporting every such Offender the summe of Forty pounds of lawfull money the moyety thereof to the King and the other moyety to him or them that shall sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts of

Record by Bill Plaint Action of Debt or Information, In any of which noe Wager of Law Essoigne or Protection

shall be admitted. And the said respective Court shall then alsoe make out Warrants to the severall Constables Headboroughes or Tythingmen of the respective places where the Estate reall or personall of such Offender soe to be transported shall happen to be commanding them thereby to sequester into their hands the proffitts of the Lands and to destraine and sell the Goods of the Offender soe to be transported for the reimbursing of the said

Sheriffe all such reasonable charges as he shall be at and shall be allowed him by the said respective Court for

such conveying and [embarquemgJ] of such Offender soe to be transported rendring to the party or his or her Assignes the overplus of the same, if any be, unlesse such Offender or some other on the behalfe of such Offender soe to be transported shall give the Sheriffe such Security as he shall approve of for the paying all the said Charges unto him,

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That in defeulte of defraying such Charges by the partyes soe to be transported or some other on their behalfe, or in defeulte of Securitie given to the Sheriffe as aforesaid It shall and may be lawfull for every such Sheriffe to contract with any Master of a Shipp Merchant or other person for the transporting of such Offender at the best rate he can, And that in every such Case it shall and may be lawfull for such persons soe contracting with any Sheriffe for transporting such Offender as aforesaid to

1 embargue O.

* embargoed O.

J embarguing 0.

Two Justices or the Chief Magistrate to record Offence.

Such Record to be a Conviction.

Imprisonment, unless Fine not exceeding paid.

II.

Second Offence, Imprisonment, unless Penalty not

exceeding ^io

paid.

III.

Third Offence, Imprisonment till next Quarter Sessions or Assizes;

Proceedings by Indictment;

and on Conviction, or refusing to plead or confess,

Transportation for Seven Years.

Sheriffs not transporting Offender; Penalty a&fo.

Court to issue Warrant to sequester the Lands and distrain and sell the Goods of Offender for Reimbursement of Sheriff.

Overplus to Party unless Security given.

IV.

Where Default of Payment of Charges or Security not given, transported Offenders to serve to Merchants as Labourers for Five Years.

•6Q

518

16° Car. II. c. 4.

A.D. 1664.

Sheriffs to be allowed their Charges upon their Accounts,

V.

If the Offender pay g£ioo for Third Offence, not to be transported.

VI.

How Fourth and further Offences punished.

How Penalties to be distributed.

Officers not executing Act, and in respect of First and Second Offence j

Penalty

In Actions for executing Ad General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

VII.

Persons transported escaping or returning without Leave;

Felony without Clergy.

Wife not to lose her Dower.

No Corruption of Blood.

VIII. Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, flee, to dissolve or prevent Conventicles;

and to take Persons assembled into Custody.

IX.

Owner of House, Arc. suffering Conventicle; Penalty.

detaine and employ every such Offender soe by them transported, as a Labourer to them or their Assignee for the space of Five yeares to all intents and purposes as if he or she were bound by Indentures to such person for that purpose. And that the respective Sheriffes shall be allowed or paid from the King upon their respective Accompts in the Exchequer all such charges by them expended for conveying embargoing and transporting of such persons which shall be allowed by the said respective Courts from whence they received their respective Warrants and which shall not have beene by any of the wayes aforementioned paid secured or reimbursed unto them as aforesaid.

[Provided alwayes and be it further enacted That in case the Offender soe indicted and convicted for the said Third offence shall pay into the hands of the Register or Clerke of the Court or Sessions where he shall be convicted (before the said Court or Sessions shall be ended) the summe of One hundred pounds That then the said Offender shall be discharged from Imprisonment and Transportation and the Judgement for the same

And be it further enacted That the like Imprisonment Indictment Arraignment and Proceedings shall be against every such Offender as often as he shall againe offend after such Third offence Neverthelesse [is1] dischargeable and discharged by the payment of the like summe as was paid by such Offender for his or her said offence next before committed together with the additionall and increased summe of One hundred pounds more upon every new offence committed, the said respective summes to be paid as aforesaid and to be disposed of as followeth (viz) The one moyety for the Repaire of the Parish Church or Churches Chappell or Chappells of such Parish within which such Conventicle Assembly or Meeteing shall be held, and the other moyety to the repaire of the Highwayes of the said Parish or Parishes (if neede require) or otherwise for the amendment of such High-wayes as the Justices of the Peace at their respective Quarter Sessions shall direct and appoint.1] And if any Constable Headborough or Tythingman shall negcledt to execute any the said Warrants made unto them for sequestring destraining and selling the Estate or Goods of any person soe to be transported or for destraining and selling any of the Goods and Chattells of any Offender against this Act for the levying [of1] such summes of money as shall be imposed for the first or second offence he shall forfeit for every such negcle& the summe of Five pounds of lawfull money of England, the one moyety thereof to the King and the other moyetie to him that will sue for the same in any of the Kings Courts of Record as is aforesaid, And if any person be at any time sued for putting in Execution any of the powers contained in this Act such person shall and may pleade the general! Issue and give the spedall matter in evidence, And if the Plaintiffe be Nonsuite or a Verdict passe for the Defendant thereupon, or if the Plaintiffs discontinue his Action or if upon Demurrer Judgment be given for the Defendant every such Defendant shall have his or their treble Costs,

And be it further enacted That if any person against whom Judgement of Transportation shall be given in manner aforesaid shall make escape before Transportation, or being transported as aforesaid shall returae into this Realme of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede without the speciall License of His Majesde His Heires and Successors in that behalfe first had and obtained; That the party soe escapeing or returning shall be adjudged a Felon and shall suffer death as in case of Felony without benefit of Clergy, and shall forfoite and loose to His Majesde all his or her Goods and Chattells for ever, and shall further lose to His Majesde all his or her Lands Tenements and Hereditaments for and dureing the life onely of such Offender and noe longer, And that the wife of any such Offender by force of this Act shall not lose her Dower, nor shall any Corruption of blood grow or be by reason of any such Offence mentioned in this Act, But that the heire of every such Offender by force of this Act shall and may after the death of such Offender have and enjoy the Lands Tenements and Hereditaments of such Offenders as if this Act had not beene made

And for better preventing of the mischeifes which may grow by such Seditious and Tumultuous Meeteings under pretence of Religious Worship Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Leiutenants or Deputie Leiutenants or any Commissioned Officers of the Militia, or any other of His Majestyes Forces with such Troops or Companies of Horse or Foote And alsoe the Sheriffes and Justices of Peace and other Magistrates and Ministers of Justice or any of them joyntly or severally within any of the Countyes or Places within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede with such other assistance as they shall think* meete or can gett in readines with the soonest on Certificate made to them respectively under the Hand and Seale of any one Justice [of the Peace1] or Cheife Magistrate as aforesaid of his perticular Information or Knowledge of such unlawful! Meetings or Conventicles held or to be held in their respective Countyes or Places, and that he (with such assistance as he can gett together is not able to suppresse or dissolve the same) shall and may and are hereby required and enjoyned to repaire unto the place where they are soe held or to be held, and by the best meanes they can to dissolve and dissipate or prevent all such unlawfull Meetings, and take into their custody such of those persons soe unlawfully assembled as they shall judge to be the Leaders and Seducers of the rest and such others as they shall thinke fitt to be proceeded against according to Law for such their offences.

And be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every person who shall wittingly and willingly suffer any such Conventicle unlawfull Assembly or Meeteing aforesaid to be held in his or her House, Outhouse, Barae or Roome Yard or Backeside Woods or Grounds shall incurr the same penaltyes and forfeitures as any other Offender against this Act ought to incurr, and be procceeded against in all points in such manner as any other Offender against this Act ought to be proceeded against,

1 0. omits.

* annexed to the Original Act in separate Schedules. 1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1664.

16° Car. II. c. 4.

519

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That if any Keeper of any Goale or House of Correction shall suffer any person committed to his custody for any offence against this A & to goe at large contrary to the Warrant of his Commitment according to this Adk, or shall (') person who is at large to joyne with any person committed to his Custody by vertue of this Act in the exercise of Religion differing from the Rites of the Church of England then every such Keeper of a Goale or House of Correction shall for every such Offence forfeit the summe of Tenn pounds to be levyed raised and disposed by such persons and in such manner as the penaltves for the first and second Offences against this Act are to be levyed raised and disposed

Provided alwayes That noe Person shall be punished for any Offence against this Act unlesse such Offender be prosecuted for the same within Three monethes after the Offence committed. And that noe Perron who shall be punished for any Offence by vertue of this Act shall be punished for the same Offence by vertue of any other Act or Law whatsoever,

Provided alsoe and be it enacted That Judgement of Transportation shall not be given against any Feme Covert unlesse her husband be at the same time under the [same2] Judgement and not discharged by the payment of Money as aforesaid but that instead thereof she shall by the respective Court be committed to the Goale or House of Correction there to remaine without Baile or Maineprize for any [terme*] not exceeding Twelve Monethes unlesse her Husband shall pay downe such summe not exceeding Forty pounds to redeeme her from Imprisonement as shall be imposed by the said Court, the said summe to be disposed by such persons, and in such manner as the Penaltyes for the First and Second Offence against this Act are to be disposed.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Justices of the Peace and Cheife Magistrate respectively impowered as aforesaid to putt this Act in execution shall and may with what aide force and assistance they shall thinke fitt for the better execution of this Act after refiisall or denyall enter into any House or other place where they shall be informed any such Conventicle as aforesaid is or shall be held.

[Provided That noe Dwelling house of any Peere of this Realme whilst he or his Wife shall be there resident shall be searched by vertue of this Act but by immediate Warrant from His Majestie under His Signe Manuall or in the presence of the Lieutenant or one of the Deputy Lieutenants or two Justices of the Peace whereof one to be of the Quorum of the same County or Riding, Nor shall any other Dwelling house of any Peere or other person whatsoever be entred into [by4] force by vertue of this Act but in the presence of one Justice of the Peace or Cheife Magistrate respectively except within the Citty of London where it shall be lawfull for any such other Dwelling house to be entred into as aforesaid in the presence of one Justice of the Peace Alderman Deputy Alderman or any one Commissioner of the Leiutenancy for the Citty of London.5]

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe person shall by vertue of this Act be committed to the House of Corredion that shall satisfie the said Justices of the Peace or Cheife Magistrate respectively that he or she (and in case of a Feme Covert that her Husband) hath an Estate of Freehold or Copyhold to the value of Five pounds per annu, or personall Estate to the value of Fifty pounds. Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[And [in regard a certaine Sed called Quakers and other SeClaryes are found not onely to offend in the matters provided against by this Act but alsoe to obstrud the proceeding of Justice by their obstinate refusall to take Oathes lawfully tendred unto them in the ordinary course of Law Therefore6] [be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons being duely and legally served with Processe or other Summons to appeare in any Court of Record except Courts Leet as a Witnesse or returned to serve of any Jury or ordered to be examined upon Interrogatoryes or being present in Court shall refuse to take any Judidall Oath legally tendred (7) him by»the Judge or Judges of the same Court haveing noe legall Plea to justifie or excuse the refusall of the same Oath, or if any person or persons being duely served with Processe to answere any Bill exhibited against him or them in any Court of Equity or any Suite in any Court Eccletiasticall shall refuse to answere such Bill or Suite upon his or their Corporall Oath in cases where the Law requires such Answere to be putt in upon Oath, or being summoned to be a Witnesse in any such Court or ordered to be examined upon Interrogatoryes shall for any cause or reason not allowed by Law refuse to take such Oath, as in such cases is required by Law that then and in such case the severall and respective Courts wherein such refusall shall be made shall be and are hereby enabled to record, enter or register such refusall which Record or Entry shall be and is hereby made a Conviction of such Offence, And all and every person and persons soe as aforesaid offending shall for every such Offence incurr the Judgement and Punishment of Transportation in such manner as is appointed by this Act for other Offences,

X.

Gaoler letting Prisoner at large, or permitting Persons at large to join Prisoner.

Penalty *£to.

XL Limitation of Prosecution.

No Double Punishment.

XII. Wife not to be transported,

( Exception) but imprisoned. Husband may redeem her.

XIII. Houses may be broken open where Conventicle held.

XIV.

How Peers’ Houses shall be searched.

In the City of London.

XV.

What Persons not to be sent to House of Corredion.

XVI. Recital that Quakers and others refuse to take Oaths. Refusing, except in Court Leet, to take Oath as a Witness, or to answer on Oath Bill in Equity, &c.

Refusal to be recorded, and Record taken as a Conviction. Transportation,

Provided alwayes That if any the person or persons aforesaid shall come into such Court and take his or their Oath in these words

I doe sweare that I doe not hold the takeing of an Oath to be unlawfull nor refuse to take an Oath on that account.

XVII. Taking the Oath herein mentioned to excuse the last-mentioned Offences.

1 permitt any 0. « like 0.

* annexed to the Original A & in a separate Schedule.

* tyme 0. 1 wn‘ O.

• annexed to the Schedule. 7 to 0.

16° Car. II. c.4,5.

A.D. 1664.

XVIII.

Persons so convicted in certain Courts, (Exception) to be imprisoned till Assizes;

then refusing

to take the Oath, Transportation.

XIX.

Peers offending j Penalty for First and Second Offence; for Third and further Offences to be tried by his Peers.

[Which Oath the said respective Court and Courts aforesaid are hereby authorized and required forthwith to tender administer and register before the Entry of the ConviCtion aforesaid, *] or shall take such Oath before some Justice of the Peace who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same to be returned into such Court such Oath soe made shall acquitt him or them from such punishment Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.*]

[Provided alwayes That every person convicted as aforesaid in any Courts aforesaid (other then His Majestyes Court of Kings Bench or before the Justices of Assize or Generali Goale Delivery) shall by Warrant containing a Certificate of such Conviction under the Hand and Seale of the respective Judge or Judges before whom such Conviction shall be had be sent to some one of His Majestyes Goales in the same County where such Conviction was had there to remaine without Baile or Maineprize untill the next Assizes or Generali Goale Delivery where if such person soe convicted shall refuse to take the Oath aforesaid being tendred unto him by the Justice or Justices of Assize or Goale Delivery then such Justice or Justices shall cause Judgement of Transportation to be executed in such manner as Judgement of Transportation by this Act is to be executed, but in case such person shall take the said Oath then he shall thereupon be discharged.*]

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Peere of this Realme shall offend against this Act he shall pay Ten pounds for the first offence and Twenty pounds for the second offence to be levyed upon his Goods and Chattells by Warrant from any two Justices of the Peace or Cheife Magistrate of the Place or Division where such Peere shall dwell, and that every Peere for the third and every further offence against the Tenoure of this Act shall be tryed by his Peeres and not otherwise.*]

XX.

Continuance of Ad.

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That this Act shall continue in force for Three yeares after the end of this present Session of Parliament, and from thence forward to the end of the next Session of Parliament after the said Three yeares and noe longer.

Rot. Pari 16C.I/.

iro.5.

Recital that divert Disturbances often happen about His Majesty’t Offices, Yards, and Stores.

Reasons for passing this Act

CertainOfficers may puoishDisturbances by Seamen and others relating to the Navy Service by Fine or Imprisonment.

n.

May discharge Fine or Imprisonment, and for Nonpayment of Fine may imprison.

Fines paid to Clerk of the Chest.

CHAPTER V.

An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others and to preserve the Stores belonging to His Majestyes

Navy Royall.

WHEREAS diverse fightings quarrellings and disturbances doe often happen in and about his Majestyes Offices Yards and Stores for his Majestyes Royall Navy and frequent differences and disorders are occasioned in the Office of his Majestyes Treasury of the Navy on Pay dayes in London Portsmouth and other places of meeting for the Service of the said Navy, and that either by the unreasonable turbulency of Seamen and others attending on or relateing to that Service or their Creditors or by the rudenes of the Officers intrusted with his Majestyes Stores on Land, or in his Royall Shipps when they are questioned by the principall Officers and Comissioners of the said Navy either for negclect or imbezilment of his Majestyes Provisions [Ammunitions5] or other Equipage of the Navy under their charge, And that not onely to the disturbance of the Peace but sometimes to the danger and hindrance of his Majestyes Service both in point of husbanding his Majestyes Revenue and alsoe in dispatch of the Shipps on which the Honour and Safety of his Majestie and [the4] Kingdome soe much depends Which Inconveniences require a speedier Remedy than the ordinary attendance on the Sessions of the Peace can give, the partyes accused or offending being many times bound to Sea, And the principall Officers and Comissioners for want of authoritie to suppresse such Insolencies and determine such Cases being necessitated to passe by many offences in which his Majestie might be righted if their necessary attendance on that important Service would permitt the prosecution of the Offenders before other ordinary Judicatures Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parlyament assembled and by authoritie of the same That the Treasurer Comptroller Surveyour Clerke of the Acts and the Comissioners of the Navy for the time being (5) have power and authoritie to examine and punish all such person and persons whom they upon their enquiry examination or on view in their presence shall finde hereafter to make or have made any disturbance fighting or quarrelling in the Yards Stores or Offices aforesaid at Pay-dayes, or on other occasions relateing to the Navall Services in such manner as followeth that is to say That they or any two or more of them may punish any the said Offences by Fine Imprisonment or either of them, the Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings and the Imprisonment not exceeding one weeke and have power in such cases to committ such persons to the next Gaole or to the custody of the Messenger or Messengers for the time being attendant on them, who respectively are to receive and detaine such person soe offending.

II. And that the said principall Officers and Comissioners or the greater number of them then present have power to discharge such Fine or Imprisonment if they soe thinke fitt, And for non-payment of the Fine soe imposed and not remitted to imprison the party offending untill payment thereof, which said Fines shall be paid to the Clerke of the Chest for the use of the m&med Seamen, and that the examination of Witnesses be upon Oath before them, which they any two or more of them are accordingly impowered to administer.

1 annexed to the Schedule. 4 0. omits.

2 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * Ammunition 0.

4 or any two or more of them O.

A.D.\664.

16° Car. II. c.5, 6.

521

And it is further by the authority aforesaid enacted That the said Officers and Cdmissioners or any two or more ^ ^ HI. of them (in cases where greater example or punishment is needfull) may alsoe binde the person and persons good BthiJk>ur. offending to their good behaviour with or without [Securityes *] as occasion shall be.

IV.

And whereas diverse of his Majestyes Stores and Ammunition pertaining to his Navy and Shipping or Service May inquire

thereof are imbezilled and filched away It is by [the1] like authoritie enacted That the said prindpall Officers and em^zulig of

Comissioners or any two or more of them by Warrant under their Hands and Seales have power in like manner Stores and

to esquire and search for the same in all places as Justices of the Peace may doe in case of Felony and punish the Offenders by such Fine and Imprisonment as aforesaid, and cause the Goods to be brought in againe, And if the Offence be of such nature as doth require a higher and severer punishment, then that they any two or more and imprison till of them may cSmitt such Offenders to the next Goale, or to the custodie of their Messenger or Messengers aforesaid ^tcnSlntoT dll he or they soe offending enter into Recognizance with Surety or Surety es according to the nature of the offence to appeare and answere to the same in his Majestyes Court of Exchequer or other Court where his Majesty shall question him or them for the same within one yeare following on processe duely served for that purpose on such Offender or Offenders.

And it is declared and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That they the said prindpall Officers and Cdmissioners T^o Q^en

or any two or more of them may putt in use the said powers on the Offenders as aforesaid in all places where may proceed,

they hold an Office for his Majestie aswell within Liberties as without, Any Law Statute Ordinance Charter or Priviledge to the contrary notwithstanding. This Act to continue for two yeares from the First day of June One Continuance of Aa.

thousand six hundred sixty and sower and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act to prevent the delivering up of Merchants Shipps.

WHEREAS it often happeneth that Maisters and Commanders of Merchants Shipps [doe suffer theire Ships3] to be boarded and the Goods to be taken out by Pirates and Sea-Rovers notwithstanding they have sufficient force to defend themselves whereby not onely the Merchants are much prejudiced but the Honour of the English Navigation is thereby much diminished and Merchants discouraged from ladeing their goods on board English Shipps to the decay of Shipping in the preservation whereof the wealth honour and safety of this Nation is soe much concerned, to which the said Masters are encouraged by a pra&ise used towards them by the Turks and others who after they have taken out the goods as an encouragement to Masters of Shipps to yeild doe not onely restore the Shipp with such goods as are claimed by the Masters or Seamen but many times pay unto the Masters all or some part of the Fraight which hath many times caused suspition of treachery in the said Masters to the great dishonour of the English Nation, For the prevention thereof for the future and for the better encouragement to Merchants aswell Forraigners as English to fraight and use English Shipps Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal! and Commons assembled in Parliament and by Authoritie of the same That where any Goods or Merchandices shall be laden on board any English Shipp which Shipp shall be of the burden of Two hundred Tunns or upwards and mounted with sixteene Gunns or more if the Master or Commander shall yeild up the said Goods to any Turkish Shipps or Vessells or to any Pirates or Sea-Rovers whatsoever without fighting that then and in such case the Master shall (upon proofe thereof made in the High Court of Admiralty) be from thenceforth incapeable of takdng charge of any English Shipp or Vessell as Master or Commander thereof. And if he shall at any time thereafter presume to take upon him to command any English Shipp or Vessell he shall suffer Imprisonment by Warrant from the said Court dureing the space of six Moneths for every Offence, And in case the persons soe takeing the said Goods shall release give backe or lett passe the Shipp or shall pay unto the said Master any Summe or Summes of Money or any Goods in lieu of Money for Fraight or other Reward or Gift that in all or any such cases the (4) Goods or Money soe given or the value thereof, as alsoe the Masters part of such Shipp her Tackle Apparell and Furniture soe released given backe or lett passe out of which the said Goods were taken shall be lyeable to repaire the person whose Goods were soe delivered or taken by Action in the High Court of Admiraltie, And in case the Commanders or Masters part of the Shipp, Tackle Apparell and Furniture together with such Money and Goods given as aforesaid shall not be sufficient to repaire all the [dangers5] sustained then the Reparations to be recovered on the Masters or Commanders part of the Shipp to be divided pro rata amongst the persons prosecuteing and proveing their damages and the persons damaged to have their Action against the Master for the remainder.

R9t.Parl.i6C.il.

itu. 6.

Recital that Muters of Ships suffer them to be boarded and Goods taken by Pirates, and that Inconveniences result therefrom.

Masters of Ships of soo Tons and upwards yielding without fighting

Punishment.

Such Muter taking Command of any Ship

Punishment. Remedy for Owners of Goods on board such Ship.

Action against Master.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Master of any such English Shipp as aforesaid ^ Muter* to being at Sea and hav ing discovered any Ship to be a Turkish Shipp Pirate or Sea-Rover shall depart out of his desert his Ship. Shipp upon any pretence whatsoever least by his detention on board any such Shipp the safety of his owne Shipp be hazarded

# 6 R

16° Car. II. c.6.

A.D. 1664.

III. Ships under 200 Tons not fighting; Penalty.

IV.

Ships or Masters may be seized by Commanders of His Majesty's Ships of War, &c.

V.

Privileges of Foreign Ports.

VI. Seamen, &c. refusing to fight, and discouraging others; Punishment.

VII. Proviso for Muter forced to give up his Ship by his Mariners. Exception.

VIII. SuchMarincrstobe punished u Felons.

IX.

Mariners wounded in saving a Ship by Fight;

Court of Admiralty may levy Reward on Owners,

not exceeding Two per Cent, on Value of Ship and Goods on Oath;

aid to Register.

to be distributed.

X.

A Pirate Ship taken, how to be shared.

XL

Muter or Mariner burning or wilfully losing a Ship i

Death.

XII. Continuance of A&.

And be it further enacted That if the Master of any English Shipp or Vessell though not of the Burthen of Two hundred Tunns or mounted with Sixteene Gunns as aforesaid shall yeild his said Shipp unto any Turkish Shipp Pirate or Sea Rover (not haveing at the least double his number of Gunns) without fighting every such Master shall be lyeable to all and every the penaltyes in this Act contained

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That upon Processe made out of the High Court of Admiralty it shall and may be lawful 1 to and for all Comanders of His Majestyes Shipps of Warr or the Cdmanders of any other English Shipps to seize such Ships or Masters soe offending according to the said Processe in such case to be issued and the same to bring or send in custody into any Ports of His Majestyes Dominions there to be proceeded against according to the intent and meaning of this Act;

Provided that none be hereby encouraged to violate the Rights of the Ports of any Forraigne Prince or State in Amity with the Kings Majestie

And be it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That if the Marriners or inferiour Officers of any English Shipp laden with Goods and Merchandices as aforesaid shall decline or refuse to fight and defend the Shipp when they shall be thereunto commanded by the Master or Commander thereof or shall utter any words to discourage the other Marriners from defending the Shipp That every Marriner who shall be found guilty of declineing or refuseing as aforesaid shall lose all his Wages due to him together with such Goods as he hath in the Shipp, and suffer imprisonment not exceeding the space of Six Monethes and shall dureing such rime be kept to hard labour for his or their maintenance,

Provided alwayes That if any Shipp shall have beene yeilded as aforesaid contrary to the will and endeavour of the Master or Commander by the disobedience of his Mariners testified by their haveing laid violent hands on him That in such case the Master or Commander shall not be lyeable to the Sentence of Incapadrie as aforesaid nor to any Action for the Losses sustained by the Merchants unlesse he shall have received backe from the takers thereof his Shipp or some Recompence Gift or Reward as aforesaid,

And bee it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That every Marriner who shall have laid violent hands on his Commander whereby to hinder him from fighting in defence of his Ship and Goods comitted to his Trust shall suffer death as a Felon.

And for the better encouragement to Captaines Masters Officers and Seamen to defend their Shipps Be it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That when any English Shipp shall have beene defended by fight, and brought to her designed Port in which fight any of the Officers or Seamen shall have beene wounded it shall and may be lawful to and for the Judge of His Majestyes High Court of Admiralty or his Surrogate or the Judge of the Vice-Admiralrie within which the Shipp shall arrive at her returne upon Petition of the Master or Seamen of such Shipp soe defended as aforesaid to call unto him such and soe many as he shall be informed to be Adventurers or Owners of the Shipp and Goods soe defended and by advice with them to raise and levy upon the respective Owners and Adventurers by Processe out of the said Court such Summe [and1] Summes of Money as himselfe with the major part of the Adventurers or Owners then present shall judge reasonable not exceeding the value of Two per Cens of the Shipp and Goods soe defended according to the first cost of the Goods to be made appeare by the Envoice (which the Owner or his Factor or Correspondent is hereby required to produce) or by the Oath of the said Owner Factor or Correspondent if thereunto required, which Money soe raised shall be paid unto the Register of the said Court who shall receive for the same Three pence in each pound and noe more thence to be distributed amongst the Captaine Master Officers and Seamen of the said Shipp or Widdowes and Children of the slaine according to the direction of the Judge of the said Court with the Approbation of Three or more of the Owners or Adventurers aforesaid who shall proportion the same according to their best Judgements unto the Shipps Company as aforesaid haveing a speciall regard unto the Widdowes and Children of such as shall have beene slaine in that Service, and to such as shall have beene wounded or mamed.

And in case the Company belonging to any English Merchant ship shall happen to take any Shipp, which Shipp shall first have assaulted them, the respective Officers and Marriners belonging to the same shall after Condemnation of such Shipp and Goods have and receive to their owne proper use and benefitt such part and share thereof as is usually pra&ised in Private Men of Warr,

And whereas it often happeneth that Masters and Mariners of Ships haveing ensured or taken upon Botomary greater summes of money then the value of their Adventure doe wilfully cast away bume or otherwise destroy the Shipps under their Charge to the Merchants and Owners great iosse For the prevention thereof for the future Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Captaine Master Mariner or other Officer belonging to any Shipp shall wilfully cast away bume or otherwise destroy the Shipp unto which he belongeth or procure the same to be done he shall suffer death as a Felon.

Provided that this Act shall continue for Three yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament and noe longer.

1 or 0.

A.D. 1664. 16° Car. II. c. 7. 523

CHAPTER VII.

An Act against deceitfull disorderly and excessive Gameing.

XX THE REAS all lawfull Games and Exercises should not be otherwise used than as innocent and moderate V ? Recreations and not as constant Trades or Callings to gaine a liveing or make unlawfull Advantage thereby And whereas by the immoderate use of them many mischeifes and inconveniendes doe arise and are dayly found to the maintaining and encourageing of sundry idle loose and disorderly persons in their dishonest lewd and dissolute course of life. And to the circumventing deceiveing cousening and debauching of many of the younger sort both of the Nobility and Gentry and others to the losse of their pretious time and the [other ‘] ruine of their Estates and Fortunes and withdrawing them from noble and laudable Imployments and Exercises Bee it (*) enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoride of the same That if any person or persons of any Degree or Quality whatsoever at any time or times after the Nine and twentyeth day of September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty and sower doe or shall by any fraude shift cousanage circumvention deceit or unlawfull device or ill practice whatsoever in playing at or with Cards Dice Tables Tennis Bowles Kitles Shovelboard, or in or by Cockefightings Horse-races Dog-matches (J) Foot-races or other Pastimes Game or Games whatsoever, or in or by beareing a share or part in the Stakes Wagers or [Adventurers,4] or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as doe or shall play act ride or run as aforesaid win obtaine or acquire to him or themselves or to any other or others any Summe or Summes of Money or other valueable thing or things whatsoever That then every person and persons soe offending as aforesaid shall ipso fa#o forfeit and lose treble the summe or value of Money or other thing or things soe won, gained obtained or acquired, The one moyetie thereof to our Soveraigne Lord the King His Heires and Successors, and the other moyetie thereof unto the person or persons greived, or who shall lose the Money or other thing or things soe gained, soe as every such loser and person greived in that behalfe doe or shall prosecute and sue for the same within six Kalender Moneths [nex5] after such Play. And in defaulte of such prosecution the same other Moyetie to such person or persons as shall or will prosecute or sue for the same within one Yeare next after the said Six Monthes expired, And that the said Forfeitures shall or may be sued for or recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of his Majestyes Courts at Westminster wherein noe Essoyne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed. And that [all and6] all and every such Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes Informer or Informers shall in every such Suite [and7] Prosecution have and recover his and their treble Costs against the person offending and forfeiting as aforesaid Any Law Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And for the better avoiding and preventing of all excessive and immoderate playing and gameing for the time to come Bee it further ordained and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons shall at any time or times after the Nine and twentyeth day of September aforesaid play at any of the said Games or any other Pastime Game or Games whatsoever (other than with and for ready money) or shall bett on the Sides or Hands of such as doe or shall play thereat and shall lose any summe or summes of Money or other thing or things soe plaid for exceeding the summe of One hundred pounds at any one time or meeting upon Ticket or Credit or otherwise and shall not pay downe the same at the time when he or they shall soe lose the same The partie and partyes who loseth or shall lose the said moneyes or other thing or things soe plaid or to be plaid for above the said summe of One hundred pounds shall not in that case be bound or compelled or compellable to pay or make good the same but the Contract and Contracts for the same and for every part thereof and all and singular Judgements Statutes Recognizances Mortgages Conveyances Assurances Bonds Bills Specialtyes Promises Covenants Agreements and other ACb Deeds and Securityes whatsoever which shall be obtained made given acknowledged or entered into for security or satisfaction of, or for the same or any part thereof shall be utterly void and of none effe# And that the [saide] person or persons soe wining the said moneyes or other things shall forfeite and lose treble the value of all such summe and summes of money or other thing and things which he shall soe [winne8] gaine obtaine or acquire above the said summe of One hundred pounds, the one moyetie thereof to our said Soveraigne Lord the King His Heires and Successors, and the other moyety thereof to such person or persons as shall prosecute or sue for the same within one yeare next after the time of such Offence committed. And to be sued for by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of his Majestyes Courts [of Record8!] at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed. And that every such Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes Informer or Informers shall in every such Suite and prosecution have and receivee his treble Costs against the person and persons offending and forfeiting as aforesaid, Any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary

Rot. Pari 16 C.//. nm, 7.

Recital that many Mischiefs arise from immoderate Use of Games.

Money won by Deceit in Gaining;

Penalty.

Limitation of Action.

Treble Costa.

II.

Contracts and Specialties for Money won at Play, above j£joo. at one time, void.

The Person so winning to forfeit Treble the Money won.

Treble Costs.

1 utter 0. * therefore 0. 5 or O. * Adventures \).

* next 0. • 0. omits. 7 or O. 1 interlined 6n the Roll.

16° Car. II. c. 8.

A.D. 1664.

CHAPTER VIIL

Rtt.Parl. i6C.II. m$. 8.

14(«3&«4)

Car. II. c. 33. continued.

An Act for continuance of a former Act for regulateing the Presse.

BEE it enabled by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled That an Act made in the Fowerteenth yeare of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord the King that now is endtuled An Act for preventing the frequent Abuses in printing Seditious Treasonable and Unlicensed Bookes and Pamphletts and for regulateing of Printing and Printing Presses shall be continued and remaine in force untill the end of the next Session of Parlyament.

ITEM quaeda petidones privatas personas concementes (in se forma Actus condnentes) exhibita fuerunt predido Domino

Regi in Parliamento predido quaru Tituli subscribuntur.

1. An Act for vacateing certaine Conveyances made by Sir John Packington Baronet to Christopher Henn and others.

2. An Act for the sale of the Mannour of Ingoldesby and diverse Lands in Ingoldesby in the County of Lincolne for raisemg portions for the two Daughters and Coheires of Sir William Armin the Younger Baronet deceased

3. An Act for the sale of certaine Lands for payment of the debts of Sir Sackvile Glemham.

4. An Act to enable Trustees for Sir William Keite to sell Lands for the payment of Debts.

5. An Act for confirmation of the enclosure and improvement of Malveme Chase.

6. An Act for setleing the charitable gift of Abraham Colfe Clerke for erecting and endowing two free Schooles

and an Aimes-house at Lewisham in Kent.

7. An Act for naturalizing [of1] Dame Katherine Sayer and others.

8. An Act to enable Francis Cottington or Charles Cottington to setle and dispose of Lands in joynture for any wife or wives they shall take in marriage.

9. An Act to enable Charles Cotton Esquire to make Leases of Lands for payment of debts.

10. An Act for the makeing of the Church erected at Falmouth a Parish Church and noe part of the parish of Oluvias or Chapelry of Saint Budocke.

1 interlined on the Roll.

( 525 )

Annis 16° & 17° CARO LI, II. A.D. 1664 & 1665.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations continued until the Twenty-first Day of June, In the SEVENTEENTH Year of the same King,

In the Fourth Session of the same Parliament.

€jr i&otulo j&arltamentf be 3nnte i&egnt ftegtg Carol! ftccuntf, SDcrfmo stxto

et SDectmo septtmo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato et tento apud Westmonasteriu Octavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenisrimi atq> Excellentissimi Domini nostri Caroli Secundi Dei Gra Anglie Sc6e Frande et Hifeinie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Dedmo-tertio et per seperales Prorogacbes usq> ad et in Vicesimum primum Diem Junij Anno di£ti Domini Regis Dedmo-sepdmo continual (vidett in quarta ejusdc Parliamend Sessione) Comuni 5iu Dnoru ta Spualiu qua Temporaliu et Comunitatis Consensu et Regie Majestads Assensu sancta ina&itata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequenda bee Statu ta ad Verbum ut sequitur (vidett)

Publique Acts CHAPTER I.

An Act for grandng a Royall Ayd unto the Kings Majesde of Twenty sower hundred threescore and seaventeene thousand and five hundred Pounds to be raised leavyed and paid in the space of Three Teares.

WEE Tour Majestyes most dutyfull and loyall Subjects the Commons assembled in Parlyament takeing into Consideration the great and apparent Dangers which now threaten this Kingdome, and that for prevention thereof Your Majesde hath found Yourselfe obliged to equip and sett out to Sea a Royall Navy for the preservation of Your Majestyes auntient and undoubted Sovereignty and Dominion in the Seas and the Trade of Your Majestyes Subjects, And haveing duely weighed and considered the several! wayes and meanes by which Your Majestie hath beene enforced to make these Preparations at soe vast an Expence And acknowledging with all humility and thankfulnes Your Majestyes abundant. Care for our Preservation and being deepely sensible of that extraordinary Charge and Expence with which Your Majestyes present Engagement ought to be supported, and of those Inconveniendes which must needs befall the Nation if we should be wanting to ourselves in this soe weighty and important Occasion, have chearefiilly and unanimously given and granted, and doe hereby give and grant unto Your most Excellent Majestie the summe of Twenty sower hundred threescore and seaventeene thousand and five hundred Pounds to be raised and leavyed in manner following, And doe humbly beseech Your Majestie That it may be enacted, And bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That for the righting of Your Majestie and Your Majestyes Subjects against the Dutch the summe of twenty sower hundred threescore and seaventeene thousand and five hundred Pounds shall be raised leavyed and paid unto your Majestie within the space of Three Yeares in manner following that is to say The summe of Threescore and eight thousand eight hundred and nineteene pounds and nine shillings by the Moneth for Thirty six Moneths begining from the Five and twentyeth day of December (1) One thousand six hundred sixty sower shall be assessed taxed, collected, levyed and paid by Twelve quarterly payments in the severall Countyes Cittyes

* One 0.

6 S

Rot* Pari, 16 C. //• nu. 9.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Grant of ^*>477*100.

526

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1664® 1665.

Burroughes Townes and places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the severall rules and proportions and in such manner as is hereafter expressed that is to say for every Moneth of the said Thirty six Moneths,

For the County of Bedford the summe of Eight hundred ninety six pounds seaventeene shillings and nine pence.

The County of Berks the summe of One thousand one hundred thirty two pounds six shillings and seaven

pence.

The County of Bucks the summe of One thousand three hundred and fifteene pounds six shillings and five pence.

The County of Cambridge the summe of One thousand and twenty pounds.

The Isle of Ely the summe of Three hundred forty nine pounds seaventeene shillings and eleaven pence.

The County of Chester with the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester the summe of Eight hundred and one pounds five shillings and six pence.

The County of Cornwall the summe of One thousand five hundred and forty pounds eighteene shillings and three pence.

The County of Cumberland the summe of One hundred sixty eight pounds six shillings and a penny.

The County of Derby the summe of Eight hundred sixty two pounds eight shillings and sower pence.

The County of Devon the summe of Three thousand two hundred twenty nine pounds nineteene shillings and two pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Exon the summe of One hundred and sixteene pounds seaven shillings and sower pence.

The County of Dorset the summe of One thousand three hundred forty sower pounds ten shillings and five pence.

The Towne and County of Poole the summe of Ten pounds nineteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Durham the summe of Three hundred twenty three pounds sixteene shillings and nine pence.

The County of Yorke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke and Towne and County of Kingstone upon Hull the summe of Three thousand sower hundred sixty nine pounds five shillings and two pence.

The County of Essex the summe of Three thousand ninety eight pounds eight shillings and ten pence.

The County of Gloucester the summe of One thousand eight hundred and eight pounds ten shillings and three pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester the summe of Thirty nine pounds eight shillings.

The County of Hereford the summe of One thousand one hundred thirty one pounds thirteene shillings and sower pence.

The County of Hertford the summe of One thousand three hundred forty five pounds sixteene shillings and three pence.

The County of Huntington the summe of six hundred thirty three pounds fowerteene shillings and two pence.

The County of Kent with the Citty and County of the Citty of Canterbury the summe of Three thousand three hundred twenty six pounds eighteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Lancaster the summe of One thousand and six pounds thirteene shillings and six pence.

The County of Leicester the summe of One thousand eighty sower pounds fowerteene shillings and three pence.

The County of Lincolne with the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne the summe of Two thousand five hundred seaventy five pounds two shillings.

The Citty of London with the Liberty of S1 Martins le grand the summe of Five thousand ninety one pounds eleaven shillings and sower pence.

The County of Midlesex with the Citty and Liberty of Westminster the summe of Two thousand two hundred and forty pounds ten shillings.

The County of Monmouth the summe of Three hundred and ninety pounds.

The County of Northampton the summe of One thousand sower hundred and thirteene pounds eighteene shillings and two pence.

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the summe of Eight hundred seaventy three pounds eight shillings.

The County of NorfFolke the summe of Three thousand three hundred seaventy pounds twelve shillings.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Norwich the summe of One hundred and eighty pounds.

The County of Northumberland with the Townes of Newcastle and Berwicke upon Tweede the summe of Three hundred seaventy two pounds fifteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Oxon the summe of Eleaven hundred thirty five pounds ten shillings and eight pence.

The County of Rutland the summe [of1] two hundred and forty pounds eight shillings and eleaven pence.

The County of Salop the summe [of*] One thousand two hundred and three pounds fowerteene shillings and two pence.

The County of Stafford the summe of Eight hundred fifty two pounds eleaven shillings and eight pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Litchfeild the summe of Thirteene pounds.

The County of Somerset the summe of Two thousand seaven hundred seaventy one pound ten shillings and eight pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll the summe of One hundred ninety nine pounds eight shillings and sower pence.

1 0. omits.

A.D. 1664 (f 1665.

16° & 17° Car. II. c. I

527

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and Isle of Weight the summe of Two thousand one hundred eighty nine pounds eight shillings and eight pence.

The County of Suffolke the summe of Three thousand two hundred ninety eight pounds ten shillings and eight pence.

The County of Surrey with the Burrough of Southwarke the summe of One thousand five hundred ninety searen pound and two pence*

The County of Sussex the summe of One thousand eight hundred twenty one pounds seaven shillings and nine pence.

The County of Warwicke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry the summe of One thousand one hundred ninety two pounds eight shillings and nine pence.

The County of Worcester the summe of One thousand fifty three pounds and nineteene shillings.

The Citty and County of the Cifty of Worcester the summe of Fifty five pounds nine shillings and six pence.

The County of Wilts the summe of One thousand nine hundred sixty six pounds seaventeene shillings and seaven pence.

The County of Westmerland the summe of One hundred and sixteene pounds.

The Isle of Anglesey the summe of One hundred twenty five pounds thirteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Brecknocke the summe of Two hundred eighty two pounds ten shillings and five pence halfe penny.

The County of Cardigan the summe of One hundred and five pounds fifteene shillings and nine pence halfe penny.

The County of Carmarthen the summe of two hundred seaventy two pounds six shillings and eight pence.

The County of Camarvan the summe of One hundred forty six pounds twelve shillings and two pence.

The County of Denbigh the summe of Two hundred twenty three pounds ten shillings and seaven pence.

The County of Flint the summe of One hundred and eighteene pounds seaventeene shillings and sower pence.

The County of Glamorgan the summe of Three hundred seaventy eight poiinds seaventeene shillings and ten pence.

The County of Merioneth the summe of One hundred pounds sixteene shillings and a penny.

The County of Mountgomery the summe of Two hundred seaventy six pounds twelve shillings and two pence.

The County of Pembrooke the summe of Three hundred twenty six pounds and ten shillings.

The County of Radnor the summe of One hundred seaventy sower pounds six shillings and eight pence.

The Towne of Haverford West the summe of Fifteen pounds three shillings and five pence.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That all and every the persons hereafter named shall be Commissioners of and for the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places hereafter named that is to say.

Bedford

For the County of Bedford William Russell Esq> Sir Beauchampe S1 John K2t Sir Samuell Browne Knight one of the Jusdces of the Common Pleas, Sir John Keeling Knight one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir John Cotton Sir Lodowicke Dyer Sir John Napier Sir Roger Burgoyne Sir Thomas Alstone Sir Humphry Winch Sir Humphry Monox Sir S* John Charnocke Baronets Sir Henry Chester Knight of the Bath Sir William Fleetewood Sir William Palmer of Warden Streete Sir William Palmer of Hill, Sir John Duncombe Sir William Beecher Sir Edward Cater Sir George Blundell Sir Clement Armiger Sir John Huxley Knights Paulet S* John Richard Tayler Stephen Anderson William Spencer Oliver Luke Francis Crawley S* John Tompson Thomas Snagg William Boteler John Keeling John Osbourne John Vaux John Alstone John Coppen Francis Wingate William Gerey Walter Carey Francis Dive William Franklin George Wyan Gains Squire James Mountague Samuell Cotton John Neale John Cockane Thomas Cheyne John Ventris Robert Crompton Thomas Rolt Robert Audley Mathew Denton Simon Gray Mathew Dennis William Foster Richard Orlibere the elder Thomas Cobb Jasper Edwards Samuell Bedford Esqrs.

For the Towne of Bedford

The Maior of Bedford for the time being William Russell Esqs Sir Humphry Winch Sir John Napier Baronets Paulet S' John Richard Tayler William Foster John Gardiner Esqrs Thomas Christy William Risley Simon Becket Robert Beverley William Scott John Beaumont Thomas Fitzhugh Alderman Crawley Richard Elmes John Cobb and John Spencer the elder Gentlemen.

Berks

For the County of Berks Charles Earle of Ancram in the Kingdome of Scotland Sir George Cartwright Baronet Vice-Chamberlaine to his Majesde John Lovelace Esq* Sir George Stonehouse Sir George Pratt Sir Richard Braham Sir Thomas Draper Sir Thomas Rich Sir Henry Winchcombe Sir William Backehouse Sir Anthony Craven Sir Cesar Colclough Sir John Fettiplace Sir Thomas Clergys Baronets Sir Richard Powle Knight of the Bath Sir Edmond Sawyer Sir Robert Pye Sir William Armorer Sir Thomas Dolman Sir John Davis Sir Richard Bishop Knights Richard NevOl Humphry Hyde Richard Harrison William Barker George Purefoy Peregrine Hobby Robert Packer Richard Aldworth Thomas Fettiplace George Fettiplace John Harrison Anthony Barker Henry Proper John Blagrave Francis Piggot Hungerford Dunch William Trumball William Dormer John Elwes Thomas Garret John Southby William Wilmot William James William Barker of Hurst Edward Keate William Nelson Hartgell Baron Richard Jones

II.

CommiaooDert for Counties, &c.

528

16° & 17° Car. II. c. I.

A.D. 1664& 1665.

a

William Tayler Edward Dalby Paul Calton Thomas Saunders Charles Whitacre Humphrey Hyde senior of Hurst Humphrey Hyde junior of Kingston Edward Hobby Richard Palmer John Hartsey Esqrs William Offley Doctor in Lawes Francis Hungerford Doctor of Phisicke William Hamersley George Blagrave John Kendricke John Allen Robert Leigh Nicholas Hyde Peregrine Wilcox Thomas Southby William Langton John Due Francis Peacocke Michaell Mallet Henry Murrey Esqrs, John Peacocke Robert Goston James Heron Philip Weston Henry Barker John Powney Roger Draper Richard Lovelace William Hussey Roger Knight Charles Pierce Richard Punt Gentleman The Maior of Reading for the time being, The Maior of Abington for the time being, The Maior of Newbery for the time being, The Maior of Windsor for the time being, The Maior of Wallingford for the time being.

Bucks

For the County of Bucks Charles Earle of Ancram in the Kingdome of Scotland Philip Lord [Waynman *] Viscount Tuam in the Kingdome of Ireland James Herbert Esqs Sir Thomas Tyrrell one of the Justices of the Common Pleas Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir Toby Tyrrell Sir John Burlace Sir Anthony Chester Sir Thomas Proby Sir William Bowyer Sir William Smith Sir Ralph Varney Sir William Drake Sir Thomas Hampson Sir Henry Andrewes Sir John Croke Baronets Sir William Tirringham Sir Richard Ingoldesby Sir Robert Gayer Knights of the Bath Sir Edmond Pye Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Lee Sir Richard Napper Sir Richard Pigg (*) Sir Henry Herbert Sir John Dormer Sir Thomas Cleyton Sir Robert Croke Sir Thomas Clergies Sir George Tash Knights William Fleetewood Charles Cheyne Edmond Wilier senior Edmond Waller junior William Penn Edmond West Brett Norton Thomas Duncombe Thomas Hacket William Lane John Eglestone Richard Barringer Edward Nicholas Thomas Ferrers senior Cesar Cranmore Thomas Risley Roger Price Peter Dorrell Thomas Saunders Francis Ingoldesby Edmond Dorrell George Russell Richard Winwood Richard Greenvile Robert Scawen Bud Wase Thomas Tirrell Robert Napper Edmond Hampden John Clarke Robert Croke Richard Hampden William Burlace Bazill Brent William Hill Thomas Ferrer junior Ambrose Bennet James Low Thomas Stafford Robert Levet Charles Doe Robert Tompkins Bernard Tourney Thomas Egleton Robert Dormer Francis Tyrringham George Wyan William Cleaver William Abraham Captaine Robert Style John Grubbe Esqrs John Greene Henry Alnot James Perrat George Gosnall Gentleman, The Bayliffe of Buckingham for the time being John Risley Roger Price Peter Dorrell junior Esquiers John Smith William Lambert and John Tournour Gentlemen.

Cambridge

For the County of Cambridge William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Dudley North Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Hatton Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Willis Sir John Cutts Sir George Downeing Baronets Sir Thomas Wendy Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas [DayrellJ] Sir Isaac Thornton Sir Robert Cotton Knights Thomas Chichley Levinus Bennet John Millisent Samuell Fortrey Thomas Storey Thomas Ducket William Layer Humphrey Gardner Roger Pepis Thomas Dod Mildmay Dowman Jeoffrey Nightingall William Aloffe Pike Thomas

Bucke Dalton John Bing Thomas Martin and William Legate Esqrs.

For the University and Towne of Cambridge

The Vice Chauncellour The Maior for the time being William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland Theophilus Dillingham James Fleetewood Richard Minshall Doctors of Divinity Robert King Doctor of the Lawes Thomas Crouch Clement Nevile Esqrs Roger Pepis Esqs Recorder Samuell Spalding John Ewen William Wells John Herring Aldermen Sir Thomas Slater Baronet Robert Eade Edward Stoyte Doctors of Phisicke and Nicholas Jacob Esqv.

Isle of Ely

For the Isle of Ely Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland William Colvile Thomas March Mathew Wren Charles Wren Edward Parterich William Fisher Thomas Steward Robert Steward Henry Hitch Doctor of Law Robert Balam Thomas Castell Lawrence Oxborough John Towers Anthony Backeworth John Childe junior William Balam Thomas Edwards William March Michaell Holman Mathew Tayler Roger Jenings and John Delavall Esqrs.

Chester

For the County of Chester Robert Lord Cholmondeley of the Kingdome of Ireland William Lord Brereton of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Thomas Delves Sir Willoughby Aston Sir Thomas Powell Sir George Warberton Sir Peter Leicester Sir Thomas Manwareing Sir Thomas Smith junior Sir John Bellet Sir Peter Pinder Sir Richard Brookes Sir William Stanley Baronets Sir John Booth Sir Philip Egerton Sir Peter Brookes Sir John Arderne Sir Robert Cotton Sir Foulke Lucy Sir Jeoffrey Shekerley Knights Peter Venables Baron of Kinderton Thomas Needham Thomas Cholmundeley George Vernon Robert [Patton4] Henry Bunbury Henry Leigh Thomas Leigh of Adlington Richard Legh of Lyme John Crew of Crew Thomas Marbury Edward Warren Edward Legh Edward Hyde John Crew of Utkinton Roger Wilbraham Nathaniell Booth Peter Dutton John Daniell Randell Dod John Leech Richard Wathall Edward Glegg Roger King John Davenport of Widford Thomas Glasier Somerford Oldfeild Edward Swettenham Peers Legh John Ward Ralph Wilbraham William Brocke John Hulstone John Shalcrosse Edward Downes of Worth Ralph Baskerfeild of Winnington and Thomas Lee Esquiers.

1 Wenman O.

* This Name is illegible on the Roll.

3 Dagrell 0.

4 Tatton 0.

A.D. 1SCtA & 16'6'5.

16° & 17° Cak. II. c. 1.

529

Citty of Chester

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester The Mador for the time being Sir Thomas Smith Baronet Sir Thomas Smith Knight Richard Leiving Esq* Recorder of Chester John Radcliffe Esqs Thomas Thrope William Crumpton Thomas [Cooke*] Cowper William Streete and Ince Aldermen.

Cornwall

For the County of Cornwall Sir William Morrice Principall Secretary of State Robert Roberts Hender Roberts Esquiers Sir Chichester Wray Sir John Trelawney Knights and Baronets Sir John Carew Baronet Sir [Edward1 ] Vivian Knight and Baronet Sir John Coriton Sir William Godolphin Baronets Sir Francis Godolphin Sir Richard Edgecombe Sir Nicholas Slanning Knights of the Bath Sir Peter Killigrew Sir Peter Courtney Sir John Arundle Sir Samuell Cosworth Sir James Smith Sir Walter Moyle Knights Henry Seamour Jonathan Trelawney Richard Arundle Pierce Edgecombe Hugh Boscawen Francis Buller Charles Trevanion Charles Roscarrocke John Specket John Elliot John Tanner Francis Edgecombe Nathaniell Moyle Bernard Greenvile John Trelawney William Pendervis William Scawen William Travisa William Bond Edward Boscawen Christopher Cooke Nicholas Glyn Thomas Herle Viol Vivian James Praed John Conock Samuell Trelawney John S* Aubin John Nichols of Trewane John Nicholl of Litlewood Arthur Fortescue John Vivean Oliver Saule William Mohun Haniball Bugins Lewis Tremane Richard Hawkes Colan Blewet John Bleigh Henry Spoure senior Jonathan Rashley senior Jonathan Rashley junior John Rashley Robert Hoblin Christopher Bond Thomas Burell Thomas Robinson John Thomas Richard Erisey Christopher Harris Francis Grigger Humphrey Courtney John Buller Charles Boscawen Robert Scawen Thomas Waddon Tristram Arscot William Cotton Edward Nosworthy George Heale John Polwheele Digorie Polwheele Nicholas Arundle John Arundle of Sythney Hugh Jones John Penrose Edmond Prideaux Joseph Tredinnam James Bond William Godolphin Edward Elliot Richard Hoblin Richard Pendarvis Hugh Trevanion junior Nathaniell Trevanion Francis Penrose John Fowell Ezekiell Arundle Richard Rouse Walter Kendall John Kendall Walter Langdon senior Walter Langdon junior John Batersbye Henry Spoure senior Joseph Nicholls Charles Grills Arthur Spry John Vacye William Spry Francis Calmadie Humphrey Noye John Harris Edward Harris Nicholas Courtney Thomas Achira William Painter Thomas Hawkey Andrew Corye Michaell Hill of Wendron John Camsewe Samuell Ennis John Kestell Thomas Treffrie Michaell Viveon Anthony Chinoweth Francis Burgis Richard Carter John Sylly Richard Tippet Thomas Carew Christopher Billet Chamon Greenvile Samuell Langford Reynald Hawkey Walter Vincent James Robbins Humphrey Burlace Francis Lutterell and James Erisy Esqrs, The Maior of Truro for the time being Martin Madrin Gen?.

Cumberland

For the County of Cumberland Edward Lord Morpeth sonne and heire apparent to Charles Earle of Carlisle Sir Philip Musgrave Sir William Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther senior Sir John Lowther junior Sir Edward Musgrave Baronets Sir Thomas Dacres Sir William Hudlestone Sir Wilfrid Lawson Sir William Carleton Sir Philip Howard Sir Francis Salkeld Sir John Dalston Knights John Laiqplough Richard Skelton William Musgrave William Layton Christopher Musgrave John Agleonby Robert Scawen George Denton Thomas Denton Richard Tolson Andrew Hudlestone Robert Highmoure George Towry and The Maior of Carlisle for the time being Daniell Fleming Edward Stanley William Pennington Wrightington Senhouse Esqrs.

Derby

For the County of Derby Henry Viscount Mansfeild sonne and heire apparent to William Marquesse of Newcastle William Lord Cavendish sonne and heire apparent to William Earle of Devonshire Anchitall Grey George Pierpoint Esquiers Sir Thomas Greslye Sir Francis Burdet Sir John Harper Sir John Curson Sir Edward Cooke Sir Henry Every Sir William Boothby Baronets Sir John Harper Sir Samuell Sleigh Knights John Fretchvelle German Poole John Ferrers George Vernon Charles Agard John Munday Richard Cooke John Milward William Fitzherbert Charles Cotton Walter Horton Gilbert Thacker Henry Gilbert Robert Eyre William Revell Godfrey Clarke William Bullocke William Woolly Nicholas Wilmot John Shalcrosse Ravell Ashenhurst Francis Mennell Thomas Milward George Sitwell Henry Wigfall James Abny Esquiers George Tayler John Spateman William Wright Francis Barker Gentleman The Maior of Derby for the time being Roger Allestre John Dalton Simon Degg Hugh Bateman Esquiers John Shore Do£tor of Phisicke Thomas Freeman Gen? Mr Charles Agard of Foston and John Daundidge Alderman.

Devon

For the County of Devon Arthur Earle of Donegall in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Hugh Pollard Baronet Comptroller of his Majestyes Household Sir George Carteret Vice Chamberlaine of his Majestyes Household Sir William Morrice Principall Secretary of State Sir William Courtney Baronet John Ashbumham Esq> Sir Edward Seymour Sir George Chudlugh Sir Peter Prideaux Sir Thomas Hele Sir Chichester Wrey Sir Courtney Poole Sir Coplestone Bampfeild Sir John Norcote Sir John Chichester Sir Edmond Fowell Sir William Morrice Sir John Drake Sir Thomas Carew Sir John Davy Sir Walter Younge Sir Edmond Fortescue Baronets Sir Edward Wise Sir John Rolle Sir Edward Hungerford Sir Nicholas Slaning Knights of the Bath Sir John Chichester Sir Henry Carew Sir Richard Prideaux Sir Peter Ball Sir James Smith Sir Robert [Cary3 ] Sir William Strode Sir Thomas

1 0. omits.

* Richard 0.

9 interlined on the Roll;

6 T

530

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1664 & 1665.

Clifford Sir Thomas Higgons Sir John Skelton Knights Edward Seymour Peter Prideaux John Fowell Pierce Edgecombe Arthur Basset Thomas Fulford Francis Drew Robert Fortescue John Carew of Studly Edmond Tremaine John Harris John Gifford of Brightly George Yeo Thomas Carew of Bowghill John Bury John Pollarde Richard Cabeli John Arscot Nicholas Ducke George Howard Jonathan Sparke Henry Ford Robert Duke Mathew Hele John Hale William Bastard William Martin Samuell Trelawny George Reinolds Henry Northleigh Nicholas Dennis Josias Calmady Richard Coffin Edmond Waldrond Thomas Bere William Walrond John Davy of Ruxford John Young of Coalbrooke Samuell Sainthill Henry Stevens Henry Newt John Tanner John Willoughby John Tuckfeild Peter Fortescue Christopher Clobery Shilston Calmady John Kelland Thomas Reynolds Thomas Gibbans Balthasar Beere James Clifford John Fownes William Bogan James Rodde Esquires The High Sheriffe of Devon for the time being and The Maiors of Tomes Barnstable Plimouth Dartmouth and Tiverton for the time being.

Citty of Exon

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Exon Allen Penny Maior The Maior for the time being Sir Peter Ball Recorder Sir James Smith Knight Robert Walker Esqs John Martin Christopher Lethbridge Henry Gaudy John Butler Anthony Salter Aldermen The Sheriffes for the time being Nicholas Isaacke John Acland Thomas Walker Stephen Olifue John Gibbons Merchants John Bidgood Doctor of Phisicke Henry Walker Thomas Shapcot Samuell Isaake Gentlemen and The Receivor of the Citty for the time being.

Dorset

For the County of Dorset John Lord Digby sonne and heire apparent to George Earle of Bristoll Sir Edward Nicholas one of his Majestyes most honourable Privy Councill Sir William Portman Knight and Baronet Sir John Morton Sir Gerrard Napper Baronets Sir Richard Strode Sir John Strangwayes Sir Walter Earle Sir Ralph Banks Sir Francis Holies Knights Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir John Fitz-James Sir John Rogers Sir Nathaniell Napper Knights Giles Strangwayes Esqs Sir John Strode Sir John Lowe Sir Winston Churchhill Knights Hugh Windham Sergeant at Law Thomas Freake of Shroton John Strangwayes John Tregonwell of Milton John Tregonwell of Anderson Thomas Trenchard Thomas Fownes Humphrey Bishop John Rives of Damree John Churchill James Gould Henry Whitaker Bullen Reymes Henry Henly Robert Swayne Sheriffe Robert Coker Edward Hooper George Fulford Robert Lawrence Thomas Baynard Henry Eyers Henry Hastings Esquiers, Collonell Francis Windham Mathew Davis John Rieves William Thomas John Hoskins George Hussey Robert Naper William Ogden Henry Butler George Savage John Saintlow George Gray Robert Seymour Maximilian Mohun George Browne Wolley Miller Anthony Etricke Michaell Harvey George Trenchard Robert Tyderligh William Floyer John Ironside John Gould of Upway John Mitchell Peter Hoskins John Abington John Jeffery George Strangewayes John Harden John Every Arthur Fookes John Hardy William Ellesdon Thomas Hussey Thomas Thomex Richard Greene George Stile William Chaldecot George Johnson John Bennet and John Runnet Esquiers.

Poole

For the Towne and County of Poole Sir John Morton Baronet Sir John Fitz-James Knight Anthony Etricke Esq> Recorder Peter Hall Maior William Skutt Robert Lewen Gentlemen Robert Cleeves Peter Hily Edward Man and Samuell Bramble

Durham

For the County Palatine of Durham Sir Thomas Davison High Sheriffe of the County Sir Francis Goodricke Temporall Chauncellour of the County Palatine Doctor Burwell Chauncellour of the Diocesse of Durham Sir Christopher Conyers Sir Nicholas Cole Sir Gilbert Gerrard Knights and Baronets Sir James Clavering Baronet Sir Francis Anderson Sir William Blakiston Knights John Heath John Swinbum John Tempest Ralph Carr Esqrs Baron Hilton Henry Lambton Esq^ James Darcy John Eden Collonell Anthony Byerly Ralph Davison Ralph Cole Major Bellasis Samuell Davison Cuthbert Carr William Blakiston Thomas Shalforth Charles Gerard Thomas Fetherstonhagh Lodowicke Hall Esqrs, The Maior of the Citty of Durham for the time being Thomas Swinburne Esq> Gabrieli Jackson John [Morland John Arden Miles Stapleton Gentleman and Captaine Henry Barnes Thomas Haggerston Esq> and John Gray of Moreton Gent for Norham and Islandshire.

Essex

For the County of Essex Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the House of Commons Sir Harbotle Grimstone Baronet Master of the Rolls Robert Lord Willoughby of Earsby sonne and heire apparent to Mountague Earle of Lindsey Lord Great Chamberlaine of England Robert Bertie Edward Russell Banestree Maynard Esquiers Sir John Barrington Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Apleton Sir William Ayloffe Sir William Hicks Sir Andrew Jennour Sir William Wiseman Sir Richard Everard Baronets Sir Capell Luckin Knight and Baronet Sir Martin Lumley "Baronet Sir Thomas Abdy [Sir Robert Abdy1] Sir William Wiseman Knights and Baronets Sir Thomas Smith Sir "Thomas Cambell Baronets Sir James Altham Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Sir John Tyrrell Sir Erasmus L* la fountaine Sir Thomas Bowes Sir Cranmer Herns Sir Henry Clarke Sir Edmond Pierce one of the Masters of th* Chauncery Sir Anthony Browne Sir Richard Wiseman Sir William Battin Sir John Shaw Sir Robert Brooke Sir Richard Everard Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Robert Barrington Si Thomas Gardner Sir Moundeforde

1 interlined on the Roll.

16° & 17° Cab. II. c. 1.

531

Brampston Sir William Glascocke two of the Masters of the Chauncery Sir Thomas Fanshaw Sir Thomas Bide Sir William Hicks Sir Edward Beaucocke Knights John Bendish Charles Fitch Gamaliel Capell Richard Samms Thomas Meade Peter Soame John Tyrrell Thomas Argoil Oliver Reymond John Atwood Henry Woolaston Henry Pert John Eldred senior John Eldred junior John Paschall John Godbolt Robert Joselyu William Glascocke Tristram Conyers Thomas Luther William Umphrevill Thomas Roberts John James George Pert William Colecroft William Webb Robert Leigh William Apleton John Berners Robert Clarke John Turner Richard Kirkby Carew Harvy Mildmay Robert Cheeke Francis Brampstone Edward Bullocke Stephen Smith Robert Mildmay Henry Wight Gilbert Pierce Hare of Lee James Norfolke Cutbert Martin Thomas Talcot Esqrs Philip Eldred

Henry Ayloffe George James Thomas King William Harris John Thorowgood William Palmer Richard Stanse Alexander Prescot Thomas Legate John Sorrell Edward Glascocke William Ashley Gentlemen Thomas Wharton Anthony Maxie and Thomas Garret Esqrs Anthony Knightbridge of Writle Gen? Captaine Richard Stains Sir Richard Browne Knight and Baronet and Jeremy Lacy.

Colchester

For the Towne of Colchester The Maior for the time being Sir John Shaw Knight Recorder Sir Edmond Pierce Knight Gilbert Pierce Thomas Talcot Esqrs Thomas Reynalds Andrew Fromanteel Henry Lamb Robert Legg William Moore Aldermen John Robinson George Sandford James Norffolke Esqrs and Thomas Creffeild Alderman.

Maldon

For the Towne of Maldon The Bayliffes for the time being Reuben Robinson Samuell Plumbe Francis Goumey James Starling John Hart Aldermen and Bartholimew Brickewood.

Harwich

For the Towne of Harwich The Maior for the time being Sir Capell Luckin Baronet George Colman Richard Fuller Henry Wright Aldermen Gerard Daniell Smith Thomas King Anthony Wool ward Samuell

Newton and Miles Hobart Gentlemen.

Gloucester

For the County of Gloucester Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland sonne and heire apparent to Edward Marquesse of Worcester James Earle of Newburgh in the Kingdome of Scotland John Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland John Viscount Tracy of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Mathew Hale Knight Lord Cheife Baron of his Majestyes Court of Exchequer Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath Sir Baynham Throckemorton Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Fredericke Thynne Sir William Ducy Sir Richard Ashfeild Sir Edward Bathurst Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir John Howe Sir Christopher Guise Sir Edward Fulse Sir William Keyte Sir Richard Cox Baronet Sir William Moreton Knight one of his Majestyes Sergeants at Law Sir Robert Pointz Sir Robert Atkins Knights of the Bath Sir William Catchmay Sir Edmond Bray Sir Edward Massey Sir Thomas Stephens Sir Thomas Overbury Sir Gabrieli Lowe Sir John Newton Sir Humphrey Howke Sir Thomas Howe Knights John Grubham Howe Esqs Evan Seyes Sergeant at Law Francis Baber Doctor of Law George Mountague William Dutton William Cooke John Chamberlaine John Stephens William Cope John Codrington Richard Atkins Henry Powle William Selwin Duncombe [Colchester *] Hen: Benedide Hall Thomas Masters Thomas Escourt John George John Smith Richard Stephens William Morgan Edward Rich Andrew Barker Richard Whitmore William Stafford John Winter Fleetewood Dormer Samuell Codrington Thomas Chester Henry Syms Philip Shepheard Richard Sackevile Giles Fettiplace Thomas Thynne Robert Pleydall Thomas James William Stratford Richard Dowdeswell Miles Rutter Thomas Horton Silvanus Wood William Leigh Francis Norwood David Williams John Berrow Thomas Seymour William Try William Bourchier Charles Cox John Guyse Richard Berkley Richard Daston William Jones Robert Oldesworth Richard Baugh John Robbins Thomas Marriot Esquiers Thomas Riche William Hinson William Lawrence William Dowdeswell Henry Browne Robert Heydon Nicholas Veale John Wyniat Thomas Walle William Thorpe John Driver Conway Whitterne William Winter Richard Machen John Coles Thomas Ayleway James Hawkins Christopher Woodward and the Bayliffes of Tewkesbury for the time being Anthony Sambich William Batson Sir John Baker Knight William Stafford junior.

Citty of Gloucester

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland sonne and heire apparent of Edward Marquesse of Worcester Robert Fielding the present Maior and the Maior for the time being Sir William Moreton Knight one of his Majesties Sergeants at Law Recorder of the said Citty Sir Edward Massey Knight Evan Seyes Sergiant at Law John Grubham Howe Edward Nurse Thomas Williams Esqrs Henry Cugley James Stephens William Russell John Powell Thomas Yate Thomas Price John Woodward Anthony Arnold Henry Ockold John Wagstaffe and Henry Fowler Aldermen.

Hereford

For the County of Hereford Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland sonne and heire apparent to Edward Marquesse of Worcester John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland James Scudamore Wallop Brabazon Esquiers Sir James Bridges Sir John Kerle Sir William Powell Sir Thomas Morgan Baronets Sir Thomas Hanbury Knight,

• CholcesuT O.

532.

16° & 17° Cab. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1664 &f 1665.

Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir John Scudamore Baronet Sir [Herbet1] Perrot Knight Sir Edward Hopton Sir Thomas Tomkins Sir Job Charleton Knights Fitz-William Conisby Thomas Cornwall Thomas Whitney Herbert Aubrey senior John Price senior Thomas Price Walter Pye Roger Vaughan Herbert Westfaling Herbert Aubrey junior John Scudamore senior Humphrey Cornwall John Scudamore junior John Bamaby de Canon Pyon Reynald Graham Thomas Cox Edward Cornwall John Skippe Bennet Hoskins Richard Hopton Giles Bridges Thomas Geers Thomas Carpenter John Hoskins de Harewood Humphrey Howorth William Gregory Francis Unett John Hanford Humphrey Baskervill John Birch John Bamaby de Brockehampton John Vaughan John Booth de Hereford Thomas Harley Ambrose Elton Robert Pye Rudhale Gwilline Richard Wigmore John Nourse Nicholas Walwin William Whittington Thomas Rodd John Booth de Braynton Thomas Wigmor William Westfaling Robert Rodd Richard Reede Timothy Coles William Bridges Henry Mil bourne Herbert Masters William Brome John Dancy John Gwyllim de Wellington Richard Walwyn de Hellens Humphrey Taylor de Withington John Kidley de Bromley Thomas Marret de Kings Capeii Thomas Gomond de Kilpecke George Carver de Buthouse Esqrs The BaylifFe for the Burrough of Leominster for the time being John Tomkins Richard Rodd de Rodd Edward Rodd Thomas Blaney Edward Freeman Thomas French and Thomas Duppa de Earsley Esquiers.

Citty of Hereford

For the Citty of Hereford Robert Symonds Esq> the present Maior and the Maior for the time being John Lord Viscount Scudamore in the Kingdome of Ireland Roger Vaughan Herbert Westfaling Thomas Price Esqrs William Gregorie Richard Philpotts William Phillips James Lawrence Thomas Homes Thomas Painard Thomas Bond William Edwin Aldermen Edward Aldeme Doctor of Lawes Edward Rodd Nicholas Philpotts John Smith Mercer Hugh Rodd Thomas Symonds Roger Boulcot and John Barnes Gentlemen*

Hertford

For the County of Hertford Sir Edward Turner Speaker of the House of Commons Thomas Lord Viscount Fanshaw of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Thomas Fanshaw Knight of the Honourable Order of the Bath William Cedll Algemoun Cecill William Willoughby Esqrs Sir Harbotle Grimston: Baronet Master of the Rolls Sir Edward Atkins one of the Barons of his Majestyes Court of Exchequer Sir Thomas Leventhorpe Sir Brocket Spencer Sir Jonathan Keate Sir Erasmus Harby Sir Thomas Allen Baronets Sir Richard Atkins Sir Richard Francklin Sir Richard Lucy Knights and Baronets Sir Philip Boteler Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Dacres Sir John Harrison Sir Frands Boteler Sir Henry Cesar Sir William Godbold Sir Rowland Litton Sir John Gore Sir Harry Conisby Sir John Watts Sir Henry Blunt Sir Humphrey Gore Sir John Hale Sir William Glascocke Sir Robert Joselyne Sir Richard Combe Sir Walter Walker Knights Thomas Dockwra James Willimot Richard Goulstone Thomas Dacres Edward Wingate John Coping Arthur Bolter Thomas Stanley John Heydon Robert Ashton William Glascocke William Hale Arthur Sparkes John Fotherly Crafts of Northall John Halsey William Harbord John Jesson Edward Atkins

William Cotton Albon Cox John Briscoe Ralph Freeman senior Robert Hobotham Richard Jenings Edmond Smith Robert Sadler Henry Chauncy Ralph Freeman junior Humphrey Shalcrosse Henry Guy William Nuce Thomas Offiey Henry Dunstar Alexander Meade Richard Gammon Esquiers Edward Cason George Needham Ralph Gore Henry Beecher Marmaduke Roydon Edward Briscoe George Bromeley John Ellis Edmond Field William Greenhill Edward Crosby Alexander Weild Gentlemen Captaine William Minoes Thomas Arris Robert Deane Do&ore of Phisicke and the Maior of Hertford for the time being.

S‘ Albans

For the Burrough of S* Albans Algernon Cecil Esqs Sir Harbotle Grimstone Master of the Rolles Sir Richard Franklin Sir Harry Conisby Sir Richard Combe Sir John Whittwrong Knights The Maior for the time being John Simpson Esqv Recorder Robert Robotham Edmond Smith Thomas Dockwra Robert Sadler Richard Jenings William Cotton John Jesson Alban Cox Esqrs Thomas Arris Doctor of Phisicke Thomas Cowley senior Thomas Cowley junior William Marston Thomas Oxton Edward Eames John Gape John New and Robert New Aldermen.

Huntington

For the County of Huntington Charles Lord le de Spencer sonne and heire apparent to Mildmay Earle of Westmerland Robert Viscount Mandevill sonne and heire apparent to Edward Earle of Manchester Lord Chamberlaine of his Majesty es Household Sir Francis Compton Knight George Mountague Esqs Sir John Cotton Sir John Hewet Sir Thomas Proby Sir Robert Bernard Baronets Stephen Anderson John Stone John Bernard Henry Williams Robert Appreece Lyonell Waldon Nicholas Johnson Sutton Ashfeild Nicholas Peadly Lawrence Torkenton John Heron Robert Paine Anthony South Richard Elmes Thomas Rouse Richard Nailer Jasper Trice Gerard Cater John Ferrer Richard Wynne Esqrs Thomas Colestone Thomas Shepherd William Sparrow Gentlemen, and Thomas Walwin Maior of Huntington.

Towne of Huntington

For the Towne of Huntington The Maior for the time being Robert Viscount Mandevill sonne and heire apparent to Edward Earle of Manchester Lord Chamberlaine of his Majestyes Household Sir John Cotton Baronet Sir Robert Bernard Henry Williams Lyonell Waldon Nicholas Pedley Esqrs Richard Astre Lawrence Torkinton John Barnard Richard Weaver Thomas Judson and James Faireside Aldermen.

1 Herbert.

A.D.\664t 1665.

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

533

Kent

For the County of Kent Charles Lord Buckhurst sonne and heire apparent to Richard Earle of Dorset Philip Viscount Strangford in the Kingdome of Ireland James Herbert John Tufton Richard Tufton Esqrs Sir Thomas Twisden one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Heneage Finch his Majestyes Sollicitor Generali Sir Thomas Peyton Sir Roger Twisden Sir Edward Hales Sir Edward Monins Sir Henry Palmer Sir John Rivers Sir John Sydley Sir William Meredith Sir Edward Deering Sir Thomas Stile Sir Oliver Boteler Sir Norton Knatchbull Sir Peter Heyman Sir John Tufton Sir John Reyney Sir Richard Hardres Sir Henry Wood Sir Robert Hales Sir Bazill Dixwell Sir William Ducy Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir William Wilde Sir Stephen Leonard Sir Humphrey Miller Sir Edward Honywood Sir John Marsham Sir John Bankes Sir Robert Barnham Baronets Sir Nathaniell Powell Sir Robert Austin Sir John Seyliard Sir John Wroth Sir Jonathan Keale Baronets Sir George Sonds Knight of the Bath Sir John Mennes Comptroller of his Majestyes Navy Sir Robert Honywood Sir Anthony Aucher Sir Isaac Sydley Sir William Man Sir Thomas Godfrey Sir Richard Sandys Sir Thomas Engham Sir Arnold Braems Sir Henry Oxenden Sir Edward Master Sir George Juxon Sir William Brodnax Sir John Darrell Sir Thomas Scot Sir Francis Clarke Sir Edward Filmore Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir Theophilus Biddolph Sir Richard Betenson $ir William Leech Sir Edmond Pierce Sir William Boreman Sir Bernard Hyde Sir William Swan Sir Anthony Bateman Sir Walter Vane Sir John Heath Attoumey of the Dutchy Sir Thomas Lee Sir William Hugeson Sir William de Laune Knights Sir William Cage Knight Thomas Broome Sergeant at Law Silus Titus Groome of his Majestyes Bedchamber Thomas Hardresae Recorder of the Citty of Canterbury Captaine John Stroude Leiutenant of Dover Castle John Boyes of Fredvill Richard Master Thomas Culpeper of Hackington Thomas Peke Thomas Crispe of Queux Walter Braems Thomas Brodnax Edward Master Thomas Turner William Rooke John Boyes of Hoade John Best John Cason Henry Oxenden of Brooke Richard Aldworth Esquiers Doctor John Sabin Herbert Randolph Gentleman Nicholas Toke Henry Thomehill John Knatchbull James Brockeman Maurice Diggs Henry Deereing Edward Hales Richard Hulse John Nayler Esqrs Robert Lewkenor Peter Heymon John Moyle Zouch Brockman John Nowrs Gentlemen Thomas Flud William Cage Francis Barnham Maximilion Dallison Fardinando Marsham Demetrius James George Curteis Thomas Knatchbull Richard Wilkinson John Munn Ralph Buskin Walter Francklin Richard Marsh Thomas English Robert Oliver John Smith Thomas [Harlakenx] Henry Haughton Alabaster Fludd Francis Twisden Captaine John Clerke Thomas Lake Recorder of Maidstone Richard Duke William Maddox Esqrs The Maior of Rochester for the time being Richard Allen Recorder of Rochester George Newman Richard Manley George May Richard Head Charles Bickerstaffe Robert Fowler Francis Barrell Esqrs Stephen Alcocke senior Thomas Manley Gentleman Lawrence Rooke Thomas Brewer Robert [Masters1] Samuell Boyes William Boyes Thomas Culpeper of Bedgebury Edward Finch John Horsemanden Anthony Fowle Robert Fowle John Hugeson John Bunce Thomas Lambert David Polhill Philip Packer George Polhill Henry Gilbume William Hooker John Scott Marke [Kottle1] John Hyde Norton Curteis Robert Heath Francis Heath John Austin John Evelin William Swann John Seyliard Nicholas Tooke senior James Fortrey Nicholas Tooke junior William Boothby Christopher Allanson Bevin Thomas Manning Petley

John Bridger Farnaby Edward Badby John Sedley Esqrs James Thurbame Gentleman and George

Bowerman Esq* Sir John Henden Knight William Campion William Hammon John Andrewes Edward [Culstone4] Reynald Peckham Esqrs The Maior of Sandwich for the time being Tobias Cleere Phineas Elwood John Verier Valentine Jekin Jeoffrey Wells Jeoffrey Sacket The Maior of Dover for the time being Richard Jacob Nicholas Eaton William Eaton John Watson John Loome Richard Barley Walter Braems Esqrs The Maior of Rumney for the time being Robert Wivill Jeremy Stanford Stephen Brett Thomas Chalcrosse The Maior of [Heath5] for the time being John Finch James Pashley The Maior of Feversham for the time being John Trouts Esq* John Upton Robert Watson Thomas Southhouse The Maior of Tenderden for the time being Edward Finch Esq* Captaine Plorner Thomas Short The Bayliffe of Lydd for the time being John Bateman Thomas Beddingfeild Michael Chidwicke The Maior of Folkestone for the time being The Maior of Fordwitch for the time being Thomas Bigg William Norton senior Thomas Norton junior Esqrs and John Luckin.

Canterbury

For the Gtty of Canterbury The Maior for the time being Sir William Man Sir Edward Master Knights Thomas Hardresse Esq* Recorder of the said Citty John Best Edward Master Squire Beverton Esqrs William Stanley Henry Twiman Avery Hills and Leonard Browne Aldermen.

Lancaster

For the County of Lancaster Charles Earle of Ancram in the Kingdome of Scotland William Stanley William Spencer Esqrs Sir Richard Houghton Sir George Midleton Sir Robert [Binlosse6] Sir Edward Stanley Sir Edward Mosely Sir Ralph Ashton of Whaley Sir Ralph Ashton of Midleton Baronets Sir Gilbert Ireland Sir Roger Bradsheigh Sir Henry Slater Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley Sir John Heath Knights John Mollineux Richard Kirkby Roger [Fowell7] Edward Fleetewood Henry Banistre William Farrington Robert Holt Lawrence Rawstome Hugh Dickenson William Radleigh Nicholas Townley John Parker Nathaniell West Thomas Preston John Girlington Daniell Fleming Robert Rawlinson Jeofrey Rishton Alexander Osbaldiston Alexander Rigby of Midleton John Lightboune Edward Rigby Francis Lindley Thomas Bradell Christopher Parker Thomas Norres Richard Legh Richard Penington Richard Fleetewood of Ro6sell Thomas Butler Nicholas Mossley John Halsted of Bankehouse Major John Byrom Robert Heywood James Duckenfield Mathew Richardson Peers Legh John Entwisley John Risley Cuthbert Ogle Henry Houghton John Birch of

» Harlakenden 0. * Master 0, 3 Cottle 0. 4 Gulstone 0.

* Heith 0. 6 Bindless O. 7 Nowell 0.

6 U

534

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

J.ZX1664 fcf 1665.

Ordsdall Bartholimew Hesketh Captaine Byrom Thomas Ashton George Hilton Henry Porter Thomas Cams William Fife Thomas [Greenehagh *] Thomas Holt junior Roger Keynon William Daniell Peter Adlington Ambrose Pudsay Thomas Ashhurst William Kirkby William Banckes junior Richard Leigh Esquiers John Ainsworth Thomas Leigh Nicholas Fezakerly Captaine Brabin Captaine Longworth Nicholas Penington William Wall Seth Blackhurst James Hodgkin son Joseph Rigby Luck Hodgkinson Ralph Mercer Alexander Woodward Alexander Rigby of Layton John Tatiocke Gentleman Edward Dobson Esq* The Maior of Wiggan for the time being The Maior of Lancaster for the time being. The Maior of Leverpoole for the time being The Maior of Preston for the time being John Chaundler Gen?.

Leicester

For the County of Leicester Thomas Lord Beaumont of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Roos sonne and heire apparent to John Earle of Rutland Bennet Lord Sherard of the Kingdome of Ireland John Grey Esqs Sir George Villers Sir Erasmus De la Fountaine Sir Thomas Halford Sir Thomas Cave Sir Jeofirey Palmer Sir Woostan Dixie Sir Henry Hudson Sir George Prettyman Baronets Sir William Hartop Sir John Heath Knights John Crew Philip Shererd Henry Neville George Faunt Thomas Menye Mathew Babington William Noell William Boothby Samuell Jarvis John Fountaine Walter Rudings Thomas Armstone Roger Roe William Whalley Richard Brudenell William Roberts Captaine Burton William Hartop Richard Orton John Needham of Osbaston John Morton Thomas Bradgate Richard Bradgate William Streete William Halford John Turville William Belgrave John Needham William Skevington John Hacket Thomas Staveley George Ashby Richard Vemey John Cave Stanhope Whalley William Leeke John Danvers Thomas Bennet William Bent Roger Smith William Trimnall Henry Famham Francis Chamberlaine Robert Barnard John Barwell Henry Bigland Neale Hewet William Cole Esqrs.

Leicester

For the Burrough of Leicester William Callis Maior of Leicester Sir John Prittyman Baronet Sir William Hartopp Knight Walter Rudeings Esqs Richard Palmer Richard Lincolne Alexander Coates Thomas Freeman Thomas Overing Thomas Browne Daniell Abney John Francks Francis Noble Gen? and Thomas Staveley Esq*.

Lincolne

For the County of Lincolne and Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Lord Willoughby of Earsby sonne and heire apparent to Mountague Earle of Lindsey Lord Great Chamberlaine of England William Mountague William Pierpoint Esqrs Sir Philip Tyrwhitt Sir Edward Barkham Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Henry Massingbord Baronets Sir Francis Goodricke Sir John Moreton Sir Charles Dallison Knights Philip Tyrwhitt Henry Fines William Metham William Marwood George Sanderson John Ogle Edward Merberie Esqrs William Willoughby Esq> Sir John Mounson senior Sir John Bolles Sir William Hickman Sir Robert Dallison Sir Edward Lake Sir John Anderson Baronets Sir John Mounson junior Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Meeres Knight Charles Pelham senior Edward Tourney senior Cecil 1 Turwhitt William Godfrey William Brownlow George Healey William Anderson John Farmery of Northrop Edward Tourney junior John Stow Esqrs Sir Henry Bellasis Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Bemardiston Sir William Wray Sir George Winne Baronets Sir Edward Rositer Sir Edward Aiscough Knights Charles Pelham junior Jarvis Holies Master of Requests William Wentworth William Broxholme Marmaduke Dorrell junior William Bard Alexander Emerson John Nelthorp John Boswell Charles Newcomen Esqrs Sir Thomas Ellis Baronet Sir Adrian Scroope Knight of the Bath Sir Martin Lister Sir Robert Christopher Knights John South John Bolles William Fitz-Williams John Hanby Isaac Knight Charles Radley William Woley William Ballet senior Robert Long Thomas Ely Dimocke Walpoole George Osney Henry Midlemore Esqrs Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath George Sherard Esqr Sir Thomas Hussey Sir William Thorold Sir John Newton Sir Richard Rothwell Baronets Sir John Walpoole Knight Charles Dymocke Lewis Palmer Anthony Thorold Mollineux Disney Christopher Nevill Richard Brownlow Thomas Ellis William Lister John Hobson Richard Riley Thomas Pechell Stephen Rothwell John Wilson Henry Stone Anthony Williams William Thornton William Rivett Esquiers Robert Laming John Colthurst John Trafford Gentlemen Sir Michaell Armin Sir John Brownlow Sir Robert Markham Sir William Brownlow Sir William Trollop Sir John Bucke Baronets Sir Thomas Orpe Sir Christopher Clapham Knights Thomas Hatcher William Stafford Erasmus de Ligne John Hatcher Thomas Harrington William Blyth John Saunders William Saville Edward Skipwith Francis Wingfeild Thomas Trollop Adam Cleypoole Philip Dalloe Thomas Skipwith William Hyde William Trollop William Welby Lister Tiegh Esqrs Robert Garland Gentleman Thomas Grantham Peregrine Berley Sir Anthony Oldfeild Baronet Sir Henry Heron Knight of the Bath Sir Anthony Irby Sir Robert Carr Knights Sir William Humble Baronet Sir John Browne Knight Thomas Thory Thomas Hall John Jay Charles Skipwith John Lockton Esqrs Thomas Browne Gentleman Mathew Woolmer Anthony Oldfeild Esqrs John Empson Esquire Joseph Whiteing Charles Rushworth Samuell Jackson Anthony Hall Doctor Sturton Richard Balder Robert Bisle William Dickenson Gentlemen Adlard Welby David Bonnel Esqrs John [Jelson*] Daniell Rhodes George Caveme Henry Morley Israel Jackson Gentlemen Thomas Marham Doctor Richer Robert Melish Esqrs Richard Milner Gen? The Maior of the Citty of Lincolne for the time being and the sower senior Aldermen viz William Bishop Edward Blowe Richard Wetherell Rob ;rt Wrose The Maior and the three senior Aldermen of Boston viz John Ellis George Slee Samuell Beeston The Maiors of Stamford and Great Grimsby and the Alderman of Grantham for the time being DoSor Thomas Saunderson William Perkins and Richard Leeming Daniell Thorowgood Richard Butcher George Hill Gentlemen John Humphreyes Esqs Charles Bawds Stephen Mason Esquiers Samuell Burton John Wimberley Gentlemen. 1

1 Greenehalgh 0.

* Gelson 0.

A.D. 1664 # 1665.

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

535

London

For the Citty of London Sir John Lawrence Knight, Lord Maior and the Lord Maior for the time bang Sir Thomas Adams Sir Richard Browne Sir Thomas Alleyn Sir John Robinson Sir William Wilde Recorder Knights and Baronets Sir Richard Chiverton Sir John Fredericke Sir Anthony Bateman Sir Thomas Soame Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir William Bolton Sir William Peeke Sir William Turner Sir Richard Ford Sir Richard Reeves Sir William Thompson Sir Theophilus Biddolph Sir John Shaw Sir William Wale Knights Francis Meynell Samuell Sterling Robert Hanson William Hooker Thomas Boufoy Roger Hatton Nicholas Boufoy John Bence Richard Shelbury Aldermen and the Aldermen and Recorder of the said Citty for the time being George Waterman Charles Doe Sheriffes and the Shexiffes for the time being John Jones John Jolliffe Thomas Turgis Henry Dunstar Walter Lap Esqrs James Abemoite

Midlesex

[Foj the County of Middlesex*] Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons Sir Thomas Ingram Chauncellour of the Dutchy of Lancaster Hugh Lord Colraigne in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Orlando Bridgeman Cheife Justice of the Common Pleas Henry Lord Cornebury sonne and heire apparent to Edward Earle of Clarendon Lord Chauncellour of England Edward Russell George Mountague Christopher Hatton Thomas Coventry William Mounrague Robert Spencer Henry Seymour Esqrs Sir Henry Bennet Principall Secretary of State John Ashbumham Esq^ one of his Majestyes Bedchamber Edward Progers Esqs one of his Majestyes Bedchamber Thomas Elliot Esqs one of his Majestyes Bed-chamber Sir Harbotle Grimstone Baronet Master of the Rolls Sir Heneage Finch Knight and Baronet his Majestyes Sollicitor Generali Sir Gilbert Gerard Sir Thomas Fisher Sir Henry Wood Sir John Robinson Sir Jeremy Whichcot Sir William Waller Sir Richard Franklin Sir Joseph Ash Sir Reignald Foster Sir William Roberts Sir Hugh Smithson Baronets Sir John Brampston Sir Robert Atkins Sir John Bennet Knights of the Bath Sir Henry Herbert Sir Thomas Allen Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Thomas Roe Sir William Bateman Sir Lancelot Lake Sir Henry Wroth Sir Francis Gerard Sir John Glyn Sir John Mainard Sir John Heath Attoumey of the Dutchy Sir Winston Churchill Sir John Cropley Sir Charles Harbord Sir Robert Hyde Lord Cheife Justice of the Kings Bench Sir Edmond Boyer Sir Thomas Clergyes Sir James Smith Sir Ellis Leighton Sir Thomas Player junior Sir Thomas Byde Sir William Ryder Sir Clifford Clifton Sir Gilbert Gerard of Harrow Sir Gilbert Gerard of Sl James Sir John Nicholas Sir Philip Warwicke Sir Christopher Eyres Sir John Birkenhead one of his Majestyes Masters of Requests Sir Cirill Wich Sir Robert Carr Sir Edmond Barker Sir John Colliton Sir Edmond Pierce Sir Justinian Lewin Sir Thomas Escourt Sir Edward Wingfield Sir Henry Vernon Sir Paul Painter Knights William Ashbumham Cofferer of his Majestyes Household Sergiant [Wynham*] Sergiant Waller Charles Cornwallis Humphrey Welde Francis Crawley Edmond Waller George Pitt Sydney Beere John Carey Henry Barker John Browne Edwin Rich Francis Bloomer Joseph Ay Ioffe Thomas Swallow Richard Peacocke Charles Cheyne John Trevor Francis Phillips Robert Jacob William Hill John Hey don George Day George Marsh William Page Andrew Ellis John Page William Meggs Thomas Collet Ralph Hawtree Thomas Povey Giles Hungerford Thomas Lake Richard Dunton James Hawley Erasmus Moise Charles Pitfeild Thomas Kendall Thomas Harrison Thomas Wharton John Jones Henry Osborne John Smith William Gouldsborough Richard Abell John Wilford David Walter Richard Cheney Richard Proctor James Norffolke John James John Fotherley William Northey John Phillips Auditor Edmond Warcup Roger Jenings Robert Childe William Marshall Thomas Ardin Jasper Churchill Daniell Proctor John Baldwin William Bolles Walter Boothy Nicholas Ranton John Gouldsmith Henry Murrey John Hutchinson Edward Rich Robert Peyton Pawlet S* John William Dormer Edmond Draper Doctor William Quarterman Esqrs Sir Thomas Bird one of the Masters of Chauncery Sir Fredericke Hyde Sergeant at Law Robert Hanson Lestrange Colthrop Esqrs Sir Charles [ Cotterer3 ] Sir John Birkenhead Richard Atkins James Hambleton one of his Majestyes Bedchamber Edward Trussell Maximilian Bard William Harpham Esqrs Mr Bathurst of Edmonton John Layney John Pawlet Mr Wood of Litleton Mr Roberts of Hayes John Walker Mr Thomas Dickinson of Hillingdon Robert Hampton Robert Shoreditch Gentlemen Captaine Harrington of Staynes Major John Bill Michaell Holman Henry Row Esqrs Mr Leigh of Greenford Mr Claxton of Sudbury Mr Briginshall of Hayes Mr Chute of Wilsdon Thomas Nevet Mr Farrington of Southmims William Bockenham John Thorpe John Norwood John Lloyd Gentlemen Sir Richard Napier Robert Napier Thomas Henshaw Griffith Bodurda Esqrs Sir Thomas Thorowgood Knight Fredericke Cornewallis Francis Comewallis and Henry Murrey Esqrs.

W estminster

For the Citty of Westminster Thomas Lord Richardson Baron Cramond in the Kingdome of Scotland Sir William Morrice Knight Principall Secretary of State Sir Henry Bennet Principall Secretary of State Sir Edward Nicholas Knight one of his Majestyes Most Honourable Privy Councill George Mountague Esqs Sir Heneage Finch Knight and Baronet His Majestyes Sollicker Generali Sir William Playters Baronet Sir Robert Longe Sir Lancelot Lake Sir Robert Pye Sir Charles Harbord Sir Cerill Wich Knights Sir Edmond Pye Knight and Baronet Sir John Cotton Baronet Sir Henry [[Harbord4] Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir Philip Warwicke Sir Richard Everard Sir Edward Fihner Sir Allen Apsley Sir Henry Wood Sir Thomas Meeres Sir John Talbot Sir Charles Cotterell Sir Thomas Higgons Knights Sir Thomas Litleton Baronet Sir William Poultney Knight Sir John Bennet Knight of the Bath Sir William Wheeler Baronet Sir Thomas Clergies Knight Sir John Birkenhead one of his Majestyes Masters of Requests Sir William Clerke Sir Anthony Irby Sir Robert Howard Knights Sir Edward G reavers Baronet Sir John Baber Knight Sir John Collaton Knight

1 interlined on the Roll.

* Windham 0.

J Cotterell 0.

* Herbert 0.

536

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1664 & 1665.

and Baronet Sir Edward Broughton Baronet John Ashbumham Bernard Greenvile Stephen Fox Cedll Tufton John Trevor Sir Richard Oateley Reignald Graham Doctor William Quarterman Esqrs Sir Theodore [le *] Vaux Sir Hugh Carteret Knights Collonell Whitley George Pitts Richard Newman Mr Dolbin Steward of Westminster Robert Scawen John Browne Thomas Povey Richard Atkins Richard Mason Thomas Coppin William Glascocke Bullen Reymes Edmond Bury Godfrey Francis Lucy Thomas Morrice Robert Filmer Mathew Locke Thomas Russell Edmond Warcup John Sibley Thomas Russell Thomas Bayles William Harbord Richard Aldworth Simon Smith George Farewell James Norffolke Humphrey Wyrley Francis Dorrington Charles Potts Butler Kinhead William Hamond Henry Peeke Francis Cornwallis Anthony Cogan Edward Fauconbridge William Gape Emery Hill Roger Higgs Peter Salmon Doctor of Phisicke George Merry field Job Williams Gentlemen Fredericke Cornwallis Charles Cornwallis Esqrs Sir Thomas Bird Knight and John Clarke Doctor of Phisicke in the Strand Andrew Ellis Esquire

Monmouth

For the County of Monmouth Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland sonne and heire apparent to Edward Marquesse of Worcester William Lord Herbert of Cardiffe sonne and heire apparent to Phillip Earle of Pembrooke and Mountgomery Sir Baynham Throckmorton Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Morgan Sir Trevor Williams Sir Thomas Morgan Baronets Sir George Probert Knights William Morgan of Tredgar William Jones of Treowen Thomas Lewis of S‘ Peere George Probert Edward Proger Edmond Morgan Charles Van Thomas Hughes Charles Hughes James Herbert Charles Proger Herbert Henry Morgan William Morgan of Penkrike William Morgan of Grayes Inne Thomas Morgan of Penrose Thomas Morgan of Lawrumney Herbert Evans William Herbert Charles Price Walter Rumsey William Jones of Abergeny Henry Baker Philip Cidll Roger Williams Thomas Williams John Walter of [Parfield1] Roger Oates Walter Pritchard John Parry Nicholas Kemois James Pritchard Thomas Pritchard John Grenuffe Edmond Jones John Arnold Esqrs Edward Williams John Lewis Henry Chambre Thomas Harbert Walter Jones Walter Morgan Edward Kemeis of Partholy Capell Hanbury Christopher Perkins Roger Aldy Charles Griffith William Williams of Lanfoist John Rumsey William Jones of Lansanfreed Gentlemen The Maior of the Towne of Monmouth for the time being Andrew Probert John Gubb Gen?.

Northampton

For the County of Northampton Robert Viscount Mandeville sonne and heire apparent to Edward Earle of Manchester Lord Chamberlaine of his Majestyes Household Obrian Viscount Cullen of the Kingdome of Ireland Charles Lord le de Spencer sonne and heire apparent to Mildmay Earle of Westmerland William Lord Fitz-Williams of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Francis Compton Knight George Mountague Christopher Hatton Sir Thomas Crew Robert Spencer Esqs Sir Richard Rainsford one of the Barons of his Majestyes Exchequer Sir Jeofrey Palmer his Majestyes Attourney Generali William Mountague Esqs the Queenes Attoumey Generali Sir Justinian Isham Sir Thomas Cave Sir Henry Yelverton Sir Samuell Danvers Sir Edward Nichols Sir Roger Norwich Sir John Robinson Sir William Dudley Sir George Buswell Baronets Sir John Holman Baronet Sir Edward Griffin Sir William Fleetewood Sir Samuell Jones Sir John Bernard Sir James Langham Sir Edward Alstone Knights John Beaumont Ferdinando Marsham Lewis Palmer William Haslewood Henry Robinson of Cransley Miles Fleetewood George Clarke William Stafford Francis Lane Goddard Pemberton John Browne Thomas Chubnall George Wake Doctor of Lawes Lawrence Manley William Chester William Sanders Thomas Trist Thomas Elmes Toby Chauncey Thomas Catesby Richard Rainsford Samuell Trist William Washbume Humphrey Orme Maurice Tresham William Langham William Downhall Philip Holman John Cartwright George Tresham William Tate Richard Kinsman Edward Onely John Syers Edward Harby junior William Adams John Colly Richard Saltinstall Maximilian Emersly Foxley Edward Palmer

Robert Clarke William Buckby Henry Edmonds William Pargiter junior Tanfield Mulso Christopher Pickering Bryan Janson Walter Kirkham Richard Benson Anthony Shugburgh Michaell Woodhall John Thornton Richard Nailer John Willoughby John Bagshaw William Warner of Lubnam William Lisle Christopher Thursby Bernard Walcot Andrew Lant Francis Morgan Alexander Eakins Thomas Roane Thomas Jennison William Ward John Lynn John Delavall William Leavins Francis Kirkham Edmond Neale Nicholas Stewart John Gardiner John Wiseman Esqrs The Maior of Northampton for the time being Thomas Thornton John Brafield Francis Pickmere Joseph Sergeant John Friend Hatton Farmer Joseph Hensman John Hughes The Maior of Higham for the time being The Bayliffie of Daventree for the time being The Maior of Brackley for the time being Henry Lucas Samuell Clerke Thomas Dove John Bourne Robert Pergiter of Greetworth Esqrs and Richard Butler of Preston Gen?.

Nottingham

For the County of Nottingham and Towne and County of the same Henry Lord Viscount Mansfeild sonne and heire apparent to William Marquesse of Newcastle Patricius Viscount Chaworth of the Kingdome of Ireland Gilbert Lord Haughton sonne and heire apparent to John Earle of Clare William Willoughby [AndoH1] Grey William Pierpoint Arthur Stanhop William Byron Esqrs Sir Jarvis Clifton Knight and Baronet Sir George Savile Baronet Sir Francis Mollineux Knight and Baronet Sir William Hickman Sir Thomas Williamson Sir William Willoughby Baronets Sir Francis Leake Knight and Baronet Sir John Digby Sir Ralph Knight Sir Clifford Clifton Knights Robert Pierpoint Anthony Eyre John Grubham-How William Palmes Isham Perkins William Stanhope William Cartwright Charles Hutchinson William Sacheverill Cicill Cooper John Cooper William Skeffington Penniston Whalley William Herbert Anthony Gilby Francis Sands Francis Stringer William Clearkson Robert Mellish George Nevill Arthur Warning John Rainer Thomas Charlton Clifton Rodes Thomas Marshall Rason Mellish Thomas Wowen John Moseley William

1 De 0.

* Persfeild 0.

9 Ancestill 0,

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

537

Byron Esqrs Robert Thoroton Doctor of Phisicke George Cam William Newton James Lane Gentlemen The High Sheriffe of the County of Nottingham for the time being, The Maior of Nottingham for the time bang The Bayliffes of East Ratford for the time being and The Maior of Newarke for the time being.

Norffolke

For the County of Norfolke Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the House of Commons Thomas Lord Richardson Baron Cramond of the Kingdome of Scotland Hatton Rich Esq* Sir Edmond Bacon Sir John Hobart Sir Philip Woodhouse Sir Richard Bemey Sir Henry Jemegan Sir Edward Barkham Sir Nicholas le Strange Sir John Hollond Sir Robert Paston Sir John Palgrave Sir Ralph Hare Sir John Potts Sir Robert Kempe Sir Jacob Astley Sir Edward Ward Sir Thomas Deerham Sir Williaih Gaudy Sir William Cooke Sir William Doyley Baronets Sir Miles Hobart Sir John Knivet Sir Edward Walpoole Sir Christopher Calthorpe Knights of the Bath Sir Charles Harbord Sir John Harrison Sir Thomas Guybon Sir Allan Apsley Sir William Iiovell Sir Thomas Rant Sir Joseph Pain Sir Thomas Meadow Sir William Hewit Sir Justinian Lewin Sir William Doyley Sir Robert Yallop Sir Nevill Catelin Knights Thomas Townshend George Townshend John Bladwell Robert London Le* Strange Caltharpe Thomas Day Robert Kedington Robert Tyrrell of Wilton Thomas Thursby Francis Thursby Samuell Harsenet Leonard Gooch John Warner John Fisher Hatton Bernard John Bendish Gascoyne Weld of Braconash Thomas Garret Esq* Erasmus Earle Sergiant at Law John Cooke Robert Tracy James de Grey John Hobart Thomas le Grosse Edward Barkham Thomas Holland Augustine Palgrave John Potts William Coke Francis Bickley William Adams Anthony Gaudy Phillip Herbert Roger Spilman Philip Harbor Maurice Shelton Peter Gleane Thomas Gaudy of Claxton Thomas Bemey of Swarson William Crane Anthony Freeston Robert Suckling John Windham William Barker Robert Gawsell Henry Repps Oliver Neeve Phillip Beddingfield (*) [Humphrey Beddingfeild2] Francis Bacon Thomas Bacon Robert Long Robert Baldoch Robert Stewart John Earle Francis Cory Christopher Jay Suckling Jay Leonard Shapes Henry Clifton Clement Heme Nathaniell Showldham Richard Nixon Edmond Doyley John Thughton John Cocke Thomas Browne of Elsing Thomas Cory John Kendall Lawrence Oxburgh John Shadwell Robert Coney Robert Haughton Richard Godfrey John Anguish Anthony Fisher Edward Barber Thomas Drury Nicholas Rookewood Anthony Drury Robert Drury Thomas Talbot Nicholas Stileman Jacob Preston Bassingbourne Gaudy Charles Gaudy William Davy of Ellingham Nathaniell Knevet Edmond Britiffe Simon Britiffe Thomas Wright of Kilverston Munford Spelman Edmond de Grey Thomas Wright of Ovington William Brampton and Robert Buxton Gen?.

Kings Lynn

For the Burrough of Kings Lynn The Maior for the time being Robert Steward Recorder Walter Kerby John Basset Thomas Greene John Bird Benjamin Holly Henry Bell William Wharton Thomas Robinson.

Thetford

For the Burrough of Thetford The Maior for the time being Sir John Holland and Sir William Gaudy Baronets Sir Allan Apsley Knight Maurice Shelton Esq* John Kendall Robert Tyrrell Edmond Hunt Burrage Martin and Osmond Clerke Gentlemen

Great Yarmouth

For the Burrough of Great Yarmouth The Bayliffes for the time being Sir Thomas Meadow Thomas Pufflet John Cubitt Richard Jermin John Hall Abraham Castell Thomas Gooch Nathaniell Ashby John Row George England John Woodroffe Edmond Thaxter Arthur Bacon Aldermen.

For the Citty of Norwich

The Maior for the time being Sir Joseph Paine Knight Francis Cory Esq* Recorder Henry Watts John Rayley Bernard Church John Man John Salter Christopher Jay Richard Wenman John Osborne John Croshold William Haward Esqrs The two Sheriffes for the time being Augustine Briggs Thomas Wisse Robert Bendish Richard Couldham John Larrance Henry Hime Francis Norris Mathew Markham John Manser Henry Woods Henry Watts junior Thomas Thacker Thomas Chickringe

N orthumberland

For the County of Northumberland Henry Lord Viscount Mansfeild sonne and heire apparent to William Marquisse of Newcastle Thomas Gray Ralph Gray Edward Widrington Esqrs Sir William Fenwicke Sir Ralph Delavall Baronets Sir William Forster Sir Henry Widdrington Sir Francis Liddall Knights Edward Gray of Heaton Robert Delavall Cuthbert Heron Ralph Gray of Bradford Thomas Forster of Etherston William Widrington William Fenwicke of Beywell Ralph Hebom of Heborn John Clarke Robert Shafto of Benwell Ralph Jenison John Sockeld the elder of Rocke Thomas Benwicke of the Closhouse Daniell Collingwood of Branton Richard State William Delavall of Benwicke John Rodham of Litle Houghton Nicholas Whitehead and Ralph Anderson Esqrs William Warren and Michael 1 Widdrington of Morpeth Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede Collonell Edward Grey The Maior for the time being Thomas Watson Andrew Moore Marke Armorer John Duglas Aldermen and Anthony Aston Bayliffe

1 and 0.

9 interlined on the Roll.

6 X

538

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D.\664,& 1665.

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tyne

The Maior for the time being Sir John Marley and Sir Francis Anderson Knights John Clarke and Henry Brabant Esqrs.

Ozon

For the County of Oxon Thomas Earle of Downe in the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Lord Viscount Combury sonne and heire apparent to Edward Earle of Clarendon Lord Chauncellour of England Philip Lord Wenman Viscount Tuam in the Kingdome of Ireland James Herbert John Lovelace Esqrs Sir Anthony Cope Sir Henry Lee Sir Thomas Spencer Sir Thomas Penniston Sir William Walter Sir Anthony Craven Sir Thomas Clayton Warden of Merton Colledge Sir Thomas Chamberlaine Sir Compton Reade Baronets Sir William Fleetewood Sir William Moreton one of his Majesties Sergiants at Law Sir John Glyn one of his Majestyes Sergiants at Law Sir Francis Wenman Sir Edward Norris Sir Henry Jones Sir John Robinson Leiutenant of the Tower Sir Timothy Tyrrell Sir Thomas Typping Sir John Clarke Sir Edmond Bray Sir George Croke Sir Litleton Osbaldiston Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir Allan Apsley Sir William Glynn Sir Philip Harcourt Sir Thomas Cob Sir Samuell Jones Knights Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath James Herbert John Lovelace David Walter one of the Groomes of his Majestyes Bedchamber Lewellin Jenkins Doctor of Lawes Principall of Jesus Colledge Broome Whorwood Richard Crooke William Cope James Hide Doctor of Phisicke President of Magdalin Colledge Thomas Willis Doctor of Phisicke Thomas Saunders Anthony Libb Vincent Barry Henry Alnut John Stone Francis Martin Edmond Lenthall John Clarke William Lenthall William Legg one of the Groomes of his Majestyes Bedchamber William Dormer John Cartwright George Chamberline Thomas Wheate William Sheppard William Cartwright Rowland Lacy Arthur Jones Henry Alworth Doctor of Lawes Richard Holloway Counsel!? at Law John Clitherow Gentleman Robert Dormer Raynald Bray William Bayley Thomas Hord John Doyley Charles Holloway Sergiant at Law Charles Holloway Thomas Coventry Mathew Skinner Doctor of Phisicke Samuell Sandys junior William Gamcocke Robert Vesey Robert Perror junior Sheppard of Rosewright Edward Vernon John West William Oakeley Esqrs William

Wright and John Wickham Gentlemen The Maior of Woodstocke for the time being Mr Alexander Johnson The Maior of Banbury The Warden of Henley The Bayliffes of Burford and Chiping-Norton and the Cheife Magistrates to a & in their severall Corporations onely.

For the University and (1) Citty of Oxford

The Vice-Chauncellour and the two Prodors for the time being Sir Thomas Clayton Knight Warden of Merton Colledge, Richard Bayley Doctor of Divinitie President of S* Johns Colledge, John Fell Doctor of Divinitie Deane of Christ Church John Meredith Doctor of Divinity Warden of All Soules Colledge, Thomas Barlow Doctor of Divinity Provost of Queenes Colledge Thomas Yates Doctor of Divinity Principall of Brazen Nose Colledge Walter Blandford Doctor of Divinitie Warden of Wadham Colledge, Luellin Jenkins Doctor of the Lawes Principall of Jesus Colledge, Joseph Crowther Doctor of Divinitie Principall of S1 Mary Hall James Hide Doctor of Phisicke Principall of Magdalen Hall Richard Lydall Doctor of Phisicke Thomas Elliot Doctor of Phisicke Henry Alworth Doctor of Lawes Benjamin Cooper Master of Arts Richard Witt [Batchler1] of Law Nicholas Vilet [Batchler*] of Law Richard Holway Esqrs Martin Lipyard John Crosse William Flexney John Haslewood Joseph Goodwin William Day Richard Davis William Finch Mathew Leech The Maior of the Citty for the time being Sir Anthony Cope and Sir Francis Wenman Baronets Sir William Morton Sir Sampson White Knights Broom Whorwood Sergeant Hollaway Charles Hollaway Richard [Cooke3] Recorder George Low Esqrs Francis Harris Leonard Bowman William Wright Roger Griffin and John White Aldermen John Harris William Bayley Francis Grenoway Francis Heyward John Townsend William Cornish Henry Mallory John Painton Towne Clerke Robert Whorwood John Lamb Thomas Rowney Richard Pratt and Edward Astin Gentlemen

Rutland

For the County of Rutland John Lord Roos sonne and heire apparent to John Earle of Rutland Bennet Lord Shererd of the Kingdome of Ireland Edward Noell Henry Noell Philip Sherard Esqrs Sir Thomas Mackworth Baronet Sir Edward Heath Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Mackworth Sir Edward Maria Wingfield Sir Eusebius Pelsant Knights William Palmes Alexander Noell Christopher Browne Beamont Bodenham Richard Halford Abell Barker Samuell Browne William Hyde Edward Faukner Robert Mackeworth Esqrs Charles Halford Ezekiell Johnson Gentlemen.

Salop

For the County of Salop William Pierpoint Andrew Newport Esqrs Sir Thomas Woolrich Sir William Whitmore Sir Francis Lawley Sir Walter ASon Sir Henry Fredericke Thynne Sir Vincent Corbet Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Francis Edwards Sir Henry Vernon Sir Humphrey Briggs Baronet Sir Thomas Whitmore Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Prince Sir John Weld Sir Richard Ottley Sir William Childe and Sir Henry Herbert Knights Sir Job Charleton Sergiant at Law and Cheife Justice of Chester Timothy Litleton Sergiant at Law William Fowler Timothy Tumor Phillip Eyton Richard Scriven Francis Thornes Charles Mannering James Laten Robert Sandford Roger Kinneston Thomas Bawdwin Robert Leighton Philip Prince Francis Charlton Thomas Owen of Con-Dover Edward Kinnerston Samuell Wingfeild Thomas Whitmore George Weld George Ludlow Thomas Rocke Charles Baldwin

* Croke 0.

1 the 0.

• Batchelour 0.

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

539

Robert Charlton Henry Bernard Thomas Powis Thomas Ketlesby Robert Corbet of the Hall of Hussey Thomas Holland John Coates William Oakley Edmond Wareing of Oldbury Somerset Fox Richard Fowler John Walcot Adam Otly Thomas Walcot Robert Cresset John Cole Robert Owen Edward Powell Thomas Lloid Thomas Lockier Thomas Smalman John Lacon Thomas Lockard John Kinnestone William Owen of Porkington John Newton Thomas Kinnersley of Badger William Cotton Richard Mitton Francis Forrester William Jones of Sandford Rowland Hill Vincent Edwards Henry Goodricke John Trevor Thomas Ireland Thomas Jones Richard Creswell Thomas Harris John Corbet of Adderley Edward Vernon Thomas Aston Thomas Jobber Samuell Baldwin Henry Spratt Thomas Crumpe Henry Griffiths Richard Ridley Jonathan Langley James Becke Henry Mitton of Shipton Esqrs The Maior of the Towne of Salop for the time being The Bayliffes of Ludlow Bridge North Wenlocke and Bishops Castle for the time being, Daniell Wicherley Francis Smith Richard Walker John Whitacre Richard Clarke Andrew Vivers Richard Tayler John Harding Arthur Hinks John Baugh Edward Woollaston Alexander Midleton Samuell Lloyd Richard Davis of Ludlow Roger Gough Benjamin Buckley Somerset Hall Robert Betton Thomas Jones of Sheete Richard Charleton Richard Hosier Captaine Philip Jenings Andrew Hill Richard Pritchard John Haines George Hosier John Stanier Edward Owen Roger Harris Robert Vernon Captaine Richard Phillips Rowland Hill of Hackoston Gentlemen Richard Cooling Esq* Robert Gorton Sir Clement Clarke and Richard [Jerkins'] Gen?

Stafford

For the County of Stafford Sir John Wirley Knight High Sheriffe Sir Edward Litleton Sir Edward Baggot Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Walter Rotesley Sir Charles Woolceley and Sir Francis Lawley Baronets Sir Bryan Broughton and Sir John Bowyer Knights and Baronets Sir Theophilus Biddolph Sir Thomas Whitgrave and Sir Walter Litleton Knights Randolph Egerton Walter Chetwind senior William Sneyd Henry Gray John Lane Walter Chetwynd junior George Digby Broome Whorwood Rowland Okeove^ Edward Manwaring John Skrimshire Gerard Skrimshire Collonell Harvy Baggot Edward Vernon Charles Cotton Richard Congreave Robert Milward William Chetwynd Thomas Kynnersley John Piercehouse John Swynfin Robert Levison Francis Levison Rowland Cotton Henry Archbold Jonathan Woodnorth Jonathan Cope Henry Vernon George Parker John Shelton Francis Wightwicke John Whitehall William Talbot George Vernon Charles Agard Richard Aderley Edward Arablaster William Orme John Noble Edward Birch Edward Ward William Ward William Trafford and Daniell Watson Esqrs Richard Bracegirdle William Trafford John Gough William Farmer John Colclough of Burslem John Felton Henry Haworth and Thomas Bagnall Gentlemen The Maior of Stafford for the time being The Maior of Newcastle for the time being The Maior of Walsall for the time being and The Bayliffes of Tam worth for the time being.

Lichfeild

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Lichfield Thomas Caterbank Bayliffe The Bayliffes for the time being Sir Theophilus Biddolph Knight Collonell John Lane Michaell Biddulph Richard Dyot John Hill Sherington Talbot Esqrs Doctor Hinton Dofior Hewet James Allen Thomas Minors John Bushes William Jesson Gent and The Sheriffe for the time being.

Somerset

For the County of Somerset John Lord Digby sonne and heire apparent to George Earle of Bristoll Francis Lord Hawley of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Charles Berkley Treasurer of his Majestyes Household John Pawlet Francis Pawlet Amias Pawlet Esqrs, Sir Thomas Mallet one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir William Portman Sir John Sidenham Sir Maurice Berkley Sir Hugh Smith Sir William Wyndham Sir John Worton Sir George Trevillian Sir Charles Pirn and Sir John Newton Baronets Sir John Coventry and Sir Edward Hungerford Knights of the Bath Sir Henry Berkley Sir Thomas Bridges Sir Hugh Windham Sir George Norton Sir John Warr Sir Thomas Gore Sir George Homer and Sir William Basset Knights John Merefield Sergiant at Law Alexander Popham George Scowell Edward Phillips Edmond Windham George Speake Francis Lutterell Henry Rogers Peregrine Palmer Samuell Gorges John Mallet Francis Wyndham William Hellier of Coker William Prynne Thomas Heale Edward Berkley Henry Waldron William Bull John Buckland Thomas Warr Robert Hunt Thomas Piggot Francis Roll John Harrington John Tynt Warwicke Brampfield William Lacy John Churchill Henry Henley Edward [Edurt1] Henry Bull William Carrant Francis Baker Richard Jones George 6idenham Robert Hawley Michaell Mallet Edward Phillips junior Anthony Powlet Henry Light John Harbin Roger Bourne Edward Bampfield Angeil Gray Ralph Stowell John Moore Hugh Norris William Speake William Hillier of Sea John S' Albans John Fitz-herbert John How William Bacon John Cridland Kingsmell Lucy Peter Royman William Harbord Roger Newburrough Maidley Samborne Francis Vaughan John Fody William Coward John Hunt John Goodwin Henry Dunstar Edward Clarke Thomas Farwell and William Clarke James Hayes Esqrs

And for the Citty of Wells and Towne of Bridgewater The respective Maiors for the time being.

For the Citty of Bath

The Maior for the time being William Pryne Esq> Walter Gibbs Alderman Robert Pierce Do£tor in Phisicke Walter Bayley Edward Parker John Sherstone and Simon Sloper Gentlemen.

1 Jenkins 0. 9 Court 0. the name is not clearly legible on the Roll.

540

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1664 S? 1665.

Bristoll

For the County and Citty of Bristoll The Maior for the time being John Lawford Esq* Sir Robert Atkins Knight t>f the Bath Recorder Sir Henry Creswicke and Sir John Knight Knights John Lock Richard Kalman Nathaniell Cale Walter Sandy John Willoughby Thomas Langton Aldermen Ralph Olliffe John Hicks John Wright John Bradway and Richard Streamer Genti.

Southampton

For the County of Southampton Charles Lord Sl John of Basing sonne and heire apparent to John Marquesse of Winchester The Lord Henry Pawlet Sir George Carteret Vice-Chamberlaine to the Kings Household Sir Robert Howard Sir Henry Worseley Sir John Mills Sir John Norton Sir William Lewis Sir Hugh Steukley Sir William Meux Sir Thomas Badd Sir Nicholas Stewart Sir Andrew Henley Sir John Trot Sir Robert Dillington Baronets Sir Humphrey Bennet Sir John Leigh Sir Robert Mason Sir Thomas Higgons Sir John Dingley Sir Robert Worseley Sir Mundiford Brampston Sir Thomas Tomkins Knights Richard Norton Thomas Neale Richard Goddard Lawrence Hyde Henry Wallop John Button Thomas Knollis William Oglander Robert Dillington Thomas service John Richards Charles West William Legg Henry Whitehead George Pitt Thomas Brooke Leonard Bilson Francis Rolle John Hooke Thomas Cole Phillip Leigh James May Richard Compton Benjamin Ruddiard Giles Iiungerford Francis Rivet Roger Gallop Francis Tylney Henry Bromfield William Pitt Arthur Bold William Collins Edward Norton Daniell Norton William Wither John Worseley senior Edward Worsley Edward Cooke John Ball Edward Hooper of Chilworth Edward Hooper of Hume Court Francis Dickins John Stewkley Bartholomew Price Daniell Kingsmell John Kingsmell Henry Tulse Thomas Edmonds Robert Oxenbridge Robert Gosse Richard Love Gabrieli Whisler Thomas Newnham John Deane John Oglander William Wall Challoner Chute Henry Kelsey Henry Goddard William Lisle Andrew Wall Richard Ay Ioffe Edward Hide Anthony Yalden Essex Pawlet Stephen Fox John Culpeper Walter Slingsby Alexander Culpeper John Dingly Esqrs and Richard Rudyard Gen?.

For the Towne and County of Southampton

William Stanley Robert Richbill William Horne Thomas Cornelius James Clungson Henry Pitt Geoige Steptoe Esqrs.

For the Citty of Winchester

William Tayler Richard Dennet Edmond Fifeild Benjamin Clarke John Munday John Colson The Maior of Winton The Maior of Southampton The Maior of Portsmouth The Maior of Newport The Maior of Basingstoke The Bailiffe of Andevour for the time being John Boureman Thomas Legg James Rice Mores Reade Gen?.

Suffolke

For the County of Suffolke Sir Edward Turner Knight Speaker of the House of Commons Walter Devereux Esq* Sir Edmond Bacon Sir Lionall Tolemache Sir Henry Felton Sir Robert Kempe Sir William Spring Sir John Castleton Sir Henry Bacon Sir Henry North Sir Thomas Cullam Sir Jarvice Elwes Sir Thomas Darcy Sir Robert Cordall Sir John Rous Sir Robert Brooke Sir Samuell Bamardiston Sir Phillip Parker Baronets Sir William Playters Sir Henry Wood Sir Charles Gaudy Sir George Reeve Sir Edward Duke Sir William Doyley Sir Thomas Barnardiston Knights and Baronets Sir Dudley North Sir Nicholas Bacon and Sir John Knivet Knights of the Bath Sir Henry Crofts Sir Edmond Poley Sir John Duncombe Sir Robert Brooke Sir Thomas Harvey Sir George Weneeve Sir John Poley Sir Nevill Catlyn Sir William Bloys Sir Thomas Smith Sir Phillip Parker Sir Jeofrey Burwell Sir Phillip Meadow Sir William Doyley and Sir Edmond Barker Knights John Haney Thomas Walgrave Thomas Holland John Poley Richard Cooke Charles StutteriU John Sicclemore John Southby William Gipps Clement Heigham Benjamin Cutler of the Chauntry William Bloys Henry Warner Thomas Stewart Thomas Wright Joseph Bland John Plaiters John Cole Robert Mattiward Hamond Claxton Robert Stile Fitz-noune Lambe Henry Copinger Thomas Avis Edward Fielder Peregrine Doyley Thomas Dade Thomas Scrivener Henry North John Lambe Edward North William Adlon John Wentworth Robert Butts Thomas Butts Francis Cheney Robert Maniott William Rivet Robert Nanton Gardner Webb Robert King Charles Comewallis John Rivet Thomas Golding Edmond Plum Edward Man junior Edmond Clench Richard Kirkby Thomas Tyrill Francis Theobald William Beaumont Michaell Grigg Thomas Lemon Reginald Williams Thomas Vesey Phillip Howard William Dawtree William Gouch Framblingham Gaudy Ptoleme Tolemache William Jenny Henry Parker Thomas Bacon John Brame of Ash Humphrey Bowen John Bedingfield Thomas Day Miles Edgar Samuell Kenidge Edmond Sheppard William Cullam Edmond Gardner Robert Browning Henry Stebbing John Brooke John Cornwallis William Blomfield Robert Gosnold Wiseman Bockenham John Thurston Thomas Edgar Thomas Allen Vice Admirall Robert Wright Esqrs The Maior of Sudbury for the time being John Warner William Byat Gen? The Bayliffes of Dunwich for the time being

For the Burrough of Ipswich

The Bayliffe for the time being Sir Emanuell Sorells Knight William Bloys John Sicklmore Esqrs Nicholas Phillips John Robinson John Smithier Robert Clarke Gilbert Lingfield Edward Man junior Gentlemen.

A.D. 1664 8f 1665.

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

541

For the Burrough of Sl Edmonds Bury

The Alderman for the time being John Southby Esqs Recorder Sir Edmond Poley Sir John Duncombe Knights James Cob Esq* Francis Browne Robert Sharpe Stephen Cooke Samuell Hustler Edward Bourne Gent

For the Burrough of Aldborough

The Bayliffe for the time being Sir John Holland Baronet Sir Robert Brooke Knight William Shipman Thomas Elliot Richard Browne and John Burwood Gen?

For the Burrough of Orford

The Maior for the time bang Walter Devereux Esq* Sir Allen Brodericke Knight Joseph Hastings Thomas Hastings James Coppin Edward Ewen Edward Parker Martin Folkes John Harwell and Edward Johnson Gentlemen.

Surrey

For the County of Surrey and Burrough of Southwarke Charles Earle of Ancram of the Kingdome of Scotlani Francis Lord Angier of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Edward Nicholas Knight one of his Majestyes Most Honourable Privy Coundll Benjamin Weston Esq* Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath Sir Francis Vincent Knight and Baronet Sir Walter Sl Johns Sir Adam Browne Baronets Sir Thomas Trevor Knight and Baronet Sir John Robinson Knight and Baronet Lieutenant of the Tower Sir Richard Browne Knight and Baronet Sir Wiliam Moore Sir John Eveling Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Richard Sddolph Sir John Bromfeild Sir Abraham Cullen and Sir Thomas Hooke Baronets Sir John Nicholas and Sir William Terringham Knights of the Bath Sir William Throckmorton Knight Marshall Sir Ralph Freeman Knight one of the Masters of Request Sir John Lenthall Sir Edmond Bowyer Sir John Shaw Sir Charles Howard Sir William Howard Sir George Aiscough Sir Robert Long Sir Edward Wingfield Sir Thomas Bloodworth Sir Daniell Harvy Sir Robert Parkhurst Sir Richard Hatton Sir Allen Brodericke Sir Nicholas Carew Sir Edward Bish Sir James Austin and Sir William Turner Knights Henry Hilyard Arthur Onslow George Chute Roger James John Scot Edward Thurland Christopher Buckie Edward Evelin Thomas Foster Anthony Bower Edward Nicholas William Hoskins George Evelin Richard Evelin William Elliot Anthony Thomas John Holmden James Zouch Henry Weston Thomas Dalmahoy George Smith Dawes Wymondsold John Dawes George Browne William Muschampe John Thynne George Moore George Garth Thomas Turges Mathew Carleton Roger Duncombe George Duncombe George Woodruffe George Vernon Henry Henn George Duke Edward Knippe Jeofirey Howland Edward Barker Samuell Rouse John Hamond John Thynne junior James Gresham Edward Eversfield Hannon Atwood Charles Good Thomas Lee Peter Hussey Richard Heath Vincent Randall Nicholas Miller John Parker Thomas Rogers Doctor Windebanke Lawrence Marsh George Turner Theophilus Holman Thomas Arden Henry Byne John Heather Richard Syms Ellis Crispe Edward Smith Edward Ware up and John Angell Esqrs John Jordon of Ditton John Robinson John Wight William Streete William Boothby Peter Quinnall senior John Jones William Westbrooke Richard West Cabell Westbrooke The Maior of Guilford for the time being John Childe James Burton Richard Lewin William Cannon John Wilkinson Otnell Maverell William Locke John Neale Simon Nicholas Hugh Layton Peter Delanoy James Reading Edward Ball George Meggor John Lundy Jacob May Thomas Butler Thomas Morgan Tobias Solby and Benjamin Collier Gent

Sussex

For the County of Sussex Joselin Lord Percy sonne and heire apparent to Algernon Earle of Northumberland Thomas Leonard [& John [Ashburham*] Esqrs1] Sr John Pelham Sir William Colepeper Sir Cedll Bishop Sir John Covert Sir William Thomas Sir John Stapley Sir John Fagg Sir Denny [Washbumham1] Sir Walter Henley Sir William Wilson Baronets Sir John Lewkener and Sir William Morley Knights of the Bath Sir Thomas Dike Sir Edward Ford Sir John Morley Sir Thomas Woodcocke Sir Thomas Nutt Sir George Courtop Sir Henry Peckham Sir Henry Onslow and Sir William Craven Knights George Parker George Nevill Thomas Sackevill Henry Gorebg Pierce Goreing William Garway John May Harbert Morley John Eversfield junior Nisell Rivers Anthony Shurley John De la Chambers Charles Brett John Peckham John Garway Samuell Gott Edward Polhill Roger Showswell Robert Anderson John Forrington Brewen Bichley Edward Morley Allen Carr Richard Bridges Peter Courthop Edward Keeling Henry Shelley Benjamin Colpeper Henry Bill William Spence Edward May MT Symon Smith Alexander Jermin of Luddington Robert Fowle Thomas Collins Walter Everden William Dike Sackevill Graves Nicholas Gildridge Thomas Foster Henry Chowne Edward Paine Henry Bish Edward Michelburn Phillip Packer John Stewart John Baker of Withiam William Gratwicke Richard Shepperd Stephen French and Thomas Henshaw junior of Billinghurst Esqrs Richard May Abraham Chapman Thomas Palmer Richard Cooper Thomas Bebsworth Mathew Young Thomas Levett Richard Young Alderman John Luxford of Ocley Ambrose Trayton Henry Shelley William Lane William Vivall John Oliver Thomas Peckham John Fuller of Waldron Robert Pickering John Baker junior John Hay of Glindborn Roger Bish Robert Palmer Francis Gratwicke William Palmer Richard Nash William Westbrooke Christopher Coles John Muncke Thomas Barnard Thomas Paine John Paine Arthur Lovet Thomas Brumfeild senior Richard Alchom Thomas Brumfeild junior Bray Chowne Anthony Eversfeild Edward Chowney John Gratwich of Eatons Joseph Newington John Dine William Hartridge Alexander Stapeley Robert Brooke senior Gendemen The respe£dve Maiors of Chichester Arundell Hasting Rye and Winchelsey for the time being The Bayliffes of Seaford and [Davensey3] for the time being Thomas Midleton Gen? John King and Henry King Esqrs.

1 Athburnham 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

* Pavensey 0.

6 Y

16° & 17° Car. II. c. I.

A.D. 1664 & 1665.

Warwicke

For the County of Warwicke Sir Francis Compton Knight Foulke Grevill Charles Leigh Esqrs Sir Robert Holt Sir Richard Temple Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton Sir Edward Broughton Sir Roger Burgoyne Sir John Knightley Sir Clement Fisher Sir Herbert Price Sir Thomas Norton Baronets Sir William Bromley Sir Stephen Hales Knights of the Bath Sir George Devereux Sir Francis Willoughby Sir Charles Adderley Sir Charles Lee Sir William Palmer Sir Arthur Caley Sir William Underhill Sir Combe Wagstaffe Sir Richard Hopkins Sir Richard Bishop Sergiant at Armes Knights Amos Walrond Walter Chetwin senior William Booth of Witton John Bridgeman John Ferrers Richard Lucy Thomas Archer Clement Throckemorton William Somervile Francis Willoughby Seabright Rippington William Dilkes Harvey Baggot George fielding Richard Newdigate Sergiant at Law Thomas Flint Thomas Temple Thomas Boughton John Rous William Purifoy John Clopton Henry Ferrers Charles Newsham John Lisle of Moxell Richard Vemey of Kingston Charles Bentley Giles Palmer Nicholas Overby Edward Underhill Thomas Marriot Humphrey Jenings Thomas Corhin John Fetherston George Sacheverill James Prescutt Thomas Rawlins of Stratford Esqrs The Maior of Warwicke for the time being The Maior of Stratford for the time being The Bayliffes of Tamworth for the time being.

Coventry

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry The Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Norton Baronet Sir Clement Fisher Sir Arthur Caley Sir Richard Hopkins Sir Charles Adderley Knights Thomas Flint Edmond Palmer Esqrs Henry Smith Mathew Smith Julius Billers Aldermen Humphrey Burton Coroner.

Worcester

For the County of Worcester Sir John Packington Sir William Russell Sir Henry Litleton Sir Edward Seabright Sir William Kite Sir Thomas Rouse Baronets Sir Ralph Clare Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Herbert Sir Rowland Berkley Sir John Talbot Sir John Windford Knights Collonell Samuell Sandys Samuell Sandis junior William Sandis Sherrington Talbot Thomas Savage Edward Pitts Francis Russell Francis [Fincke1] Edward Carey Joseph Welsh William Wassbum Thomas Childe Henry Townshend Thomas Wilde John Nanfan Thomas Streete Henry Parker Leonard Simpson Theophilus Andrewes Richard Dowdeswell Henry Bromly of Upton William Mucklo Litleton Clent Edward [Russell*] Richard Vernon Charles Cornwallis Walter Savage Thomas Jolliffe Thomas Symmons Humphrey Litleton Thomas Foley Phillip Parsons Anthony Crumpe William Baldwin Henry Evett William Hancocke John Charlet Thomas Watson of Bengworth Henry Spiller William Ligon Henry Bromeley of Holt Edward Dingley Henry Jefferies Broome Whorwood Phillip Brace Francis Sheldon John Bearcroft Bridges Nanfan Esqrs The Maior of Evesham for the time being, The Bayliffes of Droytwich for the time being, The Bayliffe of Bewdley for the time being John Bamaby of Bockleton Esq>

Worcester Citty

For the Gtty and County of the Citty of Worcester The Maior Aldermen and Sheriffe for the time being Sir John Packington Baronet Sir Rowland Berkley Knight Sir William Moreton Knight one of his Majestyes Sergiants at Law Thomas Hall Thomas Streete Thomas Wild Thomas Vernon Thomas Harris Esqrs Humphrey Wildy Richard Beddoes Thomas Harrison Wintour Harris John Bearcroft Francis Hughes Humphrey Tyrer Gentlemen

Wilts

For the County of Wilts Henry Lord Herbert sonne and heire apparent to Edward Marquisse of Worcester The Lord John Seymour William Lord Herbert of Cardiffe sonne and heire apparent to Phillip Earle of Pembrooke and Mountgomery Henry Viscount Combury sonne and heire apparent to Edward Earle of Clarendon Lord Chauncellour of England Sir Edward Nicholas Knight one of his Majesties Most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Robert Hyde Knight Cheife Justice of the Kings Bench Edward Howard Phillip Howard Esqs Sir Walter S‘ John Sir Seymour Pile Sir George Grubham How Sir Walter Ernie Sir Giles Tooker Baronets Sir John Coventry Sir John Nicholas Sir Edward Hungerford Sir Edward Baynton Knights of the Bath Sir Wadham Windham Knight one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir James Thynne Sir John Evelin Sir John Talbot Sir Edward Poole Sir George Hungerford Sir John Weld' Sir John Low Sir Thomas Escourt Sir Henry Coker Sir Thomas Ivy Sir William Cawley Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir John Ernie Sir William Eyre Knights Alexander Popham Edward Seymour Richard Grubham How Robert Phillips Frands Wroughton John Pleyddall William Glanvile Henry Clarke William Jordan John Hall Esqrs (*) John Morton Baronet Richard Lewis George Ayliffe Edward Nicholas Edward Hungerford Edward Hyde Ralph Freake William Pawlet William Ducket Thomas Mompesson William Bronker Walter Backland Henry Hungerford Henry Baynton Walter Long George Bond Gilbert Rawleigh Edmond Wameferd Richard Harrison Richard Aldworth Alexander Thistlewhaite junior William Yorke Stephen Fox Edward Goddard of Standen Thomas Bennet of Salthrop James Long Thomas Wancklin Jeoffrey Daniell John Collins John Kent Thomas Gore William Willoughby John Foyle John Norden Henry Long James Ash Edward Topp Thomas Hawles Joseph Stockman Giles Eyre Joseph Eyre Samuell Eyre John Long John Bowles Richard Bowie William Kent Edward Manning William Swanton Thomas Lambert Thomas Pile Robert Chaundler Thomas Hungerford William Bowles John Eyre Richard Southby Seymour Bowman Richard Escourt Rowland Plott Edward Goddard of Ogboum John Danvers John Glanvile Henry Wallis Doctor Hierst John Escourt Benjamine Gifford Nevill [Masculine4] Oliver

1 Finch 0.

4 BussheU 0.

4 S' 0.

4 Ma&kelyn 0.

16° & 17° Car. II. c. I.

543

Nicholas Edmond Web Isaac Burgis Richard Long John Mompesson Henry Trenchard Simon Spatchurst Richard Davy George Ivy Samuell Ash John Dave[n *]ant John Bennet Robert Challoner William Sadler Robert Hippesley Ephraim Westley Mathew Bennet Richard Greene Humphrey Hyde Edmond Ansley Christopher Gardiner Crouch Thomas Hunt Thomas Chaffin Ferrers [Gressey*] George Parrey Thomas Clarke Henry Clarke junior Anthony Trotman John Eliot Walter Dowse John Duke junior William Eusse John Young Walter Sharpe George Sadler Thomas Escourt Thomas Gape William Levet Christopher Willoughby John Fitz-herbert Esqrs The Maior of Wilton for the time being.

New Sarum

For the Citty of New Sarum Sir Robert Hyde Knight Cheife Justice of the Kings Bench Sir Wadham Windham Knight one of the Justices of the Kings Bench The Maior for the time being Richard Coleman Recorder William Joyce Thomas [Quiate3] Morrice Greene Thomas Williams Edward Edmonds Thomas Gardiner Thomas Cutler James Harwood Thomas Ray Aldermen Sir John Low Sir Thomas Mompesson Knights Thomas Hawles William Swanton Richard Davy John Holt Thomas Chaffin Thomas Dorrell Stephen Fox Seamour Bowman Simon Spatchhurst Francis Sambrooke Nicholas Johnson and Gyles Clutterbucke Esqrs.

Westmerland

For the County of Westmerland Sir Phillip Musgrave Sir William Dalston Sir Richard Sandford Sir John Lowther senior Sir John Lowther junior Baronets Sir Thomas Strickland Sir George Dalston Knights Richard Musgrave John Lowther Allen Bellingham John Dalston James Ducket Daniell Fleming Richard Braithwaite Robert Hilton Thomas Braithwaite John Otway Nicholas Fisher Edward [Nevison 4] Lancelot Machell Thomas Gabetas Nathaniell West Edward Wilson Esqrs The Maior of Apleby for the time being, The Maior of Kendall for the time being.

Yorke

For the West Rideing of the County of Yorke George Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Viscount Irwin of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Lord Fairefax of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Francis Fane William Earle of Dumfreeze in the Kingdome of Scotland Knight of the Bath Conyers Darcy Esq> Sir Francis Wortley Sir George Savill Sir Thomas Osborne Sir John Goodricke Sir Richard Maleverer Sir John Rersby Sir John Key Sir John Armitage Sir William Ingleby Sir Soloman Swaile Sir William Rokesby Sir Godfrey Copley Sir George Win Sir Garvas Cutler Sir John Jackeson Sir John Lewis Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir George Cooke Baronets Sir Thomas Wharton Sir Francis Fane junior Knights of the Bath Sir Richard Tanckred Sir Jordan Crosland Sir Thomas Beaumont SirTThomas Wentworth Sir John Dawney Sir Miles Stapleton Sir William Lowther Sir Francis Goodricke Sir Edmond Jenings Sir William Ingram Sir Christopher Clapham Sir Ralph Knight Sir Thomas Yarborough Knights Richard Hutton Thomas Danby Walter Hawkesworth Henry Arthington Welberry Norton Charles Tankard Ambrose Pudsey Francis Rockley Robert [ Wirvell5 ] Walter Strickland Anthony Adeyre Francis Nevill Walter Calverley Henry Eyre Doctor of Phisicke John Wentworth of Ellinshell John Savile of Heathly Henry Goodricke John Wentworth of Wolly Bradwardin Tyndall John Vincent John Richard William Lowther John Bilby Richard Washington Richard Mountney William Hammond William Adams Thomas Yarborough Walter lister William Drake Inglebert Leeds Cuthbert Wade Robert Harrison James Moseley John Stanhop Nicholas Stable Benjamin Nortcliffe Roger Portington Edward Lewis John Thornhill William Womble Thomas Stringer Henry Atkinson Francis White William Spencer of Attercliffe William Godfrey Thomas Lister of Maningham Thomas Lister of Bawtree Thomas Haber John Ottway John Major Thomas Stavely Doyley Gower Thomas Fawkes Esqrs Henry Cooke Thomas Edmonds Jonathan Jenings John Atkinson John Preston William Witham Benjamin Wade John Dodsworth William Roundell George Clarke Jervas Bosvile Thomas Gill Richard Graham Gent! The Maior of Rippon Tl ? Maior of Doncaster The Maior of Pontefrad The Maior of Leeds for the time being Robert Walters of Owsboum George Fothergill Esqrs

For the North Rideing

Charles Lord S* John of Basing sonne and heire apparent to John Marquesse of Winchester Conyers Darcy Esqs Sir Henry Bellasis Henry Darcy James Darcy Esqrs Sir Christopher Wivell Sir Thomas Gower Sir John Goodricke Sir Medcalfe Robinson Sir Solomon Swaile Sir Henry Stapleton Sir David Fowles Sir John Lowther Sir John Nappier Sir Roger Langley Sir William Caley Sir George Marwood Sir Richard Graham Sir William Frankland Sir Christopher Wandesford Baronets Sir Robert Strickland Sir Richard Tancred Sir Thomas Strickland Sir Jordan Crosland Sir William Dalton Sir John Dawney Sir James Pennyman Sir Thomas Ingram Chauncellour of the Dutchy Sir Henry Chomeley Sir Thomas Heblethwaite Sir Joseph Craddocke Sir Henry Franckland Sir William Craven Knights William Wivell Edward Gower Henry Marwood James Medcalfe Mathew Hutton Robert Layton William Caley John How Thomas Danby Walter Strickland John Beverley Thomas Rookeby James Moyser John Calverley Edward Croft Thomas Robinson William Weddall John Tourner Isaac Fairfax John Wivell of Osgarby Humphrey Wharton Charles Bellasis Edward Hutchinson of Wickham Reynald Graham Major Norton Henry Bethell Roger Talbot Charles Tancred Thomas Jackson Henry Harrison William Fielding William Robinson Edward Trotter Robert Belt Thomas Hutton James Morley Thomas Hassell Timothy Ma’everer Captaine Leonard Robinson John Dodsworth William Thompson Thomas Wickham Anthony Lowther Thomas Norton William

1 interlined on the Roll. * Gresly 0.

3 Oviutc 0. * Nerinson O. 5 Wyrell 0•

544

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1664 & 1665.

Metcalfe Henry Blackson Walter Lister John Gibson Charles [Allason1] Edward Gower William Gower John Colson Esqrs James Moore George Norton Francis Driffield John Smith Thomas Waite 'William Spinke Allen Chamber John Hill of Thomdon John Earnley Ralph Jackson of Lazenby junior Christopher Keld Henry Crosland William Lampley William Truman Francis Cumin Robert Bushell Richard Harland Major Redman Gentlemen The Aldermen of Richmond and the Bayliffes of Scarborough for the time being.

For the East Rideing

Sir Francis Cob Knight High Sheriffe of the County Charles Lord Viscount Dungarvan in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Hotham Sir Francis Boynton Sir Robert Hilyard Sir John Bucke Sir Watkinson Paler Sir Thomas Rudston Sir John Ledgard Baronets Sir Thomas Nortcliffe Sir Phillip Mountaine Sir Thomas Daniell Sir Mathew Apleyard Sir Thomas Renington Sir Hugh Bethel Sir Thomas Heblethwait Sir William Cob Knights Tobias Jenkins Michaell Wharton Robert Bucke Thomas Grantham Durant Hotham Hugh Lister John Constable John Lister Henry Sandys Henry Holmes Christopher Hilyard Walter Bethell George Mountaine John Vavasor Jonathan Atkins Ralph Warton William Osbaldston William Grimston Robert Southby Richard Robinson Thomas Crumpton Samford Nevill William Gee Richard Ledgeard William Baynton Stephen Thompson Richard Thompson Henry Hilyard James Moyser Edward Bernard Thomas Hesket Gregory Creyke William Harpham Thomas Anlaby Alexander Rokeby Henry Hilyard John Stapleton Henry Portington Phillip Saltmarsh John Acraid Esqrs, Thomas Swan Leonard Robinson William Blount John Pierson Lewis Lewins Francis Bushell Robert Constable John Belton William Dobson William Thompson Ralph Higden Richard Graham Thomas Sytheron Christopher [Daukins1] Gen? The Maior of Hedon and The Maior of Beverley for the time being.

Yorke Citty

For the Citty of Yorke and the County of the same Edward Elwicke Lord Maior Thomas Lord Fairefax of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Metcalfe Robinson Sir Thomas Osbourne Sir Roger Langley Sir John Goodricke Sir George Rive Sir Thomas Slingsby Baronet Sir John Lewis Knight and Baronet Sir Miles Stapleton Knight James Brooke Christopher Topham George Lemplough George Mancklins Richard Hewet Henry Thompson Cressey Bouraet Christopher Brery Henry Tireman John Tayler James Bawtry Aldermen Edward Gale John Beares Leonard Thompson Joseph Scott John Turner Tobias Jenkins James Moyser William Fairefax Thomas Robinson Thomas Hutton Henry Fairefax Esqrs John Swaile Doctor Burwell Mr Ethrington Phillip Prince William Roundle , Thomas Hesketh George Aisleby Phillip Harbert Mr Suavesdale Richard Tennant William Richardson Richard Rawlinson Francis Price John Loftus John Thompson George Mangy Francis Chatterton Thomas Setterthwhaite Thomas Fairefax Gentlemen.

Kingston upon Hull

For the Towne of Kingston upon Hull The Maior for the time being Anthony Gilby Andrew Marvell Esqrs William Dobson Robert Ripley Robert Berriar William Foxley William Ramsden Christopher Richardson Geoige Crowle Richard Robinson Richard Wilson William Skinner Robert Bloome Richard Francke Aldermen Hugh Lister Esquire, The Sheriffes for the time being.

WALES

Anglesey

For the County of Anglesey Robert Lord Viscount Bulkely of the Kingdome of Ireland Marke Lord Viscount Duncannon Thomas Bulkeley Esq* Sir Hugh Owen Knight and Baronet Nicholas Bagnell Thomas Woods Pierce Lloyd senior Rowland Bulkley William Bold John Robinson Griffith Jones of Trevarthen Hugh Owen Pierce Lloyd junior Richard Merick John Lloyd of Landegnan John Griffith of Lanvaithly John Wynne of Bodewrid William Bulkly [Bruddy3] John Pritherch of Llisdelas Rowland White Richard Owen Hugh Huges John Owen of [Llanvaith4] Esqrs John Owen of Penrhose Conisby William Owen Huges Henry Jones Henry Davies William Williams of Tre Arthur William Lewis Griffith Lloyd of Treaseth Edward Price Bodower Edward Price Trevadog Howell Lewis Owen Lloyd of Heubles John Williams Bodurdin John Owen Treveiler Richard Wyn of Peughkin William Hampton William Wynn of Langold Gen? The Maior of Bewmorris for the time being.

Brecon

For the County of Brecon Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland sonne and heire apparent to Edward Marquesse of Worcester Sir Richard Lloyd Knight Arthur Trevor Esq* Edward Progers Esq* of his Majestyes Bedchamber Sir William Lewis Sir Henry Williams Sir Herbert Price Baronets William Morgan of Therow Esqs Sir John Herbert Knight George Gwinne Milburn Williams John Jefferies Lewis Morgan Attoumey Generali there Thomas Lewis Walter Williams John Stedman Hugh Powell William Morgan of Newton Walter Vaughan Thomas Williams Edward Powell James Watkins Henry Stedman Meredith Lewis Thomas Bowen Esqrs Lewis Gunter James Williams William Lloyd of Wernos Edward Harbert John Morgan Daniell Winter William Saunders Gen? The Bayliffe of Brecon for the time being

1 Alanson 0.

* Bankins 0.

3 Brunddy O. 4 Llanvaythly 0.

AD-1664 Sf IB6'5

16" & 17° Cab. II. c. 1.

545

Cardigan

For the County of Cardigan Sir Richard Price Baronet Sir Francis Lloyd Knight James Lewis [senior1 ] John Vaughan James Stedman Henry Vaughan John Jones James Lewis junior Edward Vaughan Erasmus Lloyd Morgan Herbert Richard Herbert Reignold Jenkins David Lloyd Heflor Phillips John Lewis Thomas Jenkins Esqrs David Evans Thomas Lloyd of Pus Abell Griffin Gentlemen

Carmarthen

For the County of Carmarthen Francis Lord Vaughon sonne and heire apparent to Richard Earle of Carbery in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Vaughan Knight of the Bath Sir William Moreton one of his Ms^esdes Sergiants at Law Simon Deg Esq, Sir Edward Mansell Sir Rice Rudd Sir William Russell Baronets Sir Henry Vaughan Knight Walter Rice John Vaughan of Llannelly Nichollas Williams William Gwynne of Talliaris John Vaughan of Dertlis Henry Midleton James Jones Penry Vaughan John Vaughan of Whitehouse junior Morgan Jones Phillip Vaughan Thomas Lloyd of Berllan-dowell Thomas Lloyd of Dan per Alt Owen Brickstocke Thomas Lloyd of Llanlouthog John Powell junior Esqrs.

Towne of Carmarthen

For the Towne of Carmarthen The Maior for the time being Francis Lord Vaughan sonne and heire apparent to Richard Earle of Carbury in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Vaughan Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Vaughan Knight John Vaughan of Llannelly John Vaughan of Dertlis Walter Vaughan Esqrs Thomas Rivon Anthony Jones Thomas Jones Dawkins Gosse Lewis Jones John Oakley Aldermen.

Carnarvan

For the County of Carnarvan Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley of the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Roberts Thomas Bulkley Esqrs Sir Richard Wynne Sir Griffith Williams Sir Roger Mostin Sir Robert Williams Baronets Sir John Owen Sir Richard Lloyd Nicholas Bagnell Griffith Jones William Griffith Witham Vaughan Owen Griffith John Bodurda Maurice Wynne Hugh Wynne Thomas Wynne William Wynne of Llanruda Hugh Williams William Buckley Griffith Bodurda Edmond Glyn John Wynne Berthaur Timothy Litleton Sergiant at Law John Jones John Wynne of Twgyn William Wynne of Glangranon Richard Angwill John Glyn Thomas Glyn Richard Glyn Richard Thomas John Williams Thomas Vaugham William Hookes Richard Griffith Owen Wynne of Glasgoed Richard Ciffin John Lloyd Robert Coetmor John Wynne of Melay Esqrs John Wynne of Berthanur Jeofrey Williams John Wynne of Pennarth Harbert Griffith John Hookes William Wynne of Pengweme William Williams Hugh Bodurda Owen Wynne William Spicer William Thomas of Carnarvan Edward Pierce Richard Ellis John Jones of Trevan Robert Wynn of Keselgonarch Gentlemen

Denbigh

For the County of Denbigh John Carter Knight High Sheriffe Sir Thomas Midleton Sir Richard Wynne Sir John Salisbury Sir Thomas Powell Sir William Meredith Baronets Sir Thomas Trevor Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Lloyd Sir Edward Broughton Sir Robert Agbrow Sir John Wynne Knights Roger Puleston John Trevor of Trevalin William Owen William Salisbury Hugh Wynne John Wynne Mutton Davies Robert Wynne of Voylas Thomas Jones Edward Thelwall William Price Kenrick Eyton Thomas Vaughan Charles Salisbury John Robinson Collonell Robert Broughton Bevis Lloyd John Thelwall John Edisbury Charles Midleton Foulke Midleton Timothy Midleton Euball Thelwall John Jefferies Richard Midleton of Llanclin Robert Price of Geeler Edward Breariton Watkin Kiffin Owen Thelwall John Trevor of Brinkinnalt Gabrieli Goodman Humphrey Hughes of Brintanger David Morris Richard Wynne of Garthkanan John Langford William Parry Charles Goodman John Puleston William Williams John Lloyd of Bodidrist Hugh Roberts Francis Manley John Lloyd of Llanunis Hugh Lloyd of Foxall Esqrs William Jones John Salisbury of Lewesog Humphrey Lloyd of Berse Robert Wynne of Garthewinn Howell Lloyd James Thelwall Robert Griffith of Pendared John Lloyd g wrich Captaine Thomas Yale John Williams of [Caredrividd a3 Owen Price of Nantmanze Robert Wynne of Lwyn Maurice Williams of Llannerras Edward Lloyd of Placemado Thomas Lloyd of Barsey Ellis Lloyd of Eglewisig The two Aldermen of Denbigh John Hughes Thomas Mathewes John Jones Thomas Shaw senior Robert Salisbury Gentlemen.

Flint

For the County of Flint Sir Thomas Hanmer Sir John Salisbury Sir Henry Conway Sir Roger Mostin Baronets Sir John Trevor Sir John Glyn Sir John Hanmer Knights John Trevor Thomas Ravenscroft Rqger Puleston Robert Davies Thomas Lloyd William Hanmer Roger Whitley Mutton Davies William Mostin John Parry Robert Whitley Andrew Ellis Evan Edwards David Penant John Eyton Richard Griffith Edward Lloyd Ellis Young Edward Lloyd John Broughton Thomas Humphryes John Salisbury senior John Midleton Thomas Crackley Eubule Hughes Charles Jones Owen Barton John Lloyd of Fawne Thomas Mostin Hugh Penant.

Vojl. V.

6 Z

546

16° & 17° Car. IL c. 1.

A.D. 1664 & 1665.

Glamorgan

For the County of Glamorgan Henry Lord Herbert of Ragland sonne and heire apparent to Edward Marquesse of Worcester William Lord Herbert of Cardiffe Sir Richard Lloyd Knight Arthur Trevor Esq* Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward StradHng Sir Edward Thomas Baronets Sir John Awbrey Knight and Baronet Sir William Lewis Sir Thomas Lewis Sir Richard Basset Knights John Greenuffe Evan Seyes Sergiant at Law William Basset Doctor of Lawes Robert Thomas Mile6 Button Thomas Lewis William Basset of Bewpre William Harbert of Swansey Edmond Thomas Bussy Mansell Herbert Evans Thomas Mathew Humphry Windham David Jenkins Gabrieli Lewis William Thomas Thomas Stradling Thomas Came John Van John Gibbs Thomas Thomas David Mathew Lamerocke Stradling Thomas Evans Edmond Gammage Richard Loughers William Herbert of Killy-Bebell John Came Henry Basset Edward Harbert of Cogan David Evans John Lewellin.

Merioneth

For the County of Merioneth Maurice Williams Esq^ High Sheriffe Sir Richard Wynne Baronet Sir John Owen Sir Richard Lloyd Sir John Wynne Knights William Salisbury William Price William Vaughan of Corseggedall Lewis Lloyd Howell Vaughan Maurice Wynne Vincent Corbet John Pugh John Lloyd Hugh Nanny Robert Wynne Roger Mostin Richard Wynne Griffith Lloyd Lewis Owen William Vaughan of Caithle John Nanny Edmond Meirick Humphrey Hughes John Vaughan Rowland Vaughan Richard An will Ellis Edwards William Tueir John Morgans Esqrs John Owen of Havod-dowilth Richard Jones Anthony Poole Griffith John Lewis Richard Nanny Gen? Henry Wynne Mortice Williams Esqrs Evan Lloyd of Rhiwgech Richard Lloyd of Carrog Gentlemen

Montgomery

For the County of Montgomery Sir John Witterong High Sheriffe Sir Henry Herbert Edward Herbert Andrew Newport Esqrs Sir Mathew Price Sir Richard Corbet Baronets Sir Edward Lloyd Knight John Pursell Richard Harbert Richard Owen Robert Layton John Blayney John Pugh Francis Buffer Charles Salisbury Edmond Wareing John Price of Parke Roger Mostin Mathew Morgan William Penrin junior Thomas Maurice Edward Glyn of Glyn Edward Evans of Rhidicorrow John Whittingham David Powell Thomas Juckes John Mathews the Elder John Mathew the younger Edward Edwards of Colffin John Bladwell Thomas Winde Thomas Corbet Robert Lee Thomas Jones Henry Pursell William Pierce William Eyton Richard Mitton John Kiffin Francis Fitzherbert Edward Price of Glamahely Robert Griffithe6 Arthur Weaver William Browne Edward Herbert Esqrs Evan Vaughan Llodowicke Lewis John Bright of Mellington Meredith Lloyd of Brinellyn John Oakeley Rowland Oakley Edward Wiftingham Samuell Biggs Humphrey Nicholas John Lloyd of Cowney Hugh Davies of Trewilin Ellis Lloyd John Bunner Henry Griffithes of Benthall Morgan Evans Gentlemen

Haverford West

For the Towne and County of Haverford West The Maior for the time being Sir William Moreton Knight one of his Majestyes Sergiants at Law Sir John Stepney Baronet Sir Hugh Owen Knight and Baronet Rowland Langhome William Phillips Richard Walter George Howard Thomas Cozens Esqrs William Williams Henry Bowen Lewis Baron John Williams William Browne Aldermen William Davies Esq^ John Barlow John Thomas Mathew Prynn William Williams junior John Lloyd Richard Jones Gabrieli Wade Gentlemen.

Pembrooke

For the County of Pembrooke Sir William Moreton Knight one of his Majestyes Sergiants at Law Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir John Stepney Baronets Sir Hugh Owen Sir John Lort Knights and Baronets Sir Harbert Perrot Knight Griffith Dawes Arthur Owen Essex Megrick Rowland Llanghorne Hugh Owen Lewis Barlow Hugh Bowen Henry White William Phillips Walter Cuny James Bowen Isaac Lloyd George Haward William Scourfield William Mordant David Morgan Thomas Corbet James Lloyd George Owen Esqrs Thomas Warren Thomas Powell Hugh Langhome Thomas Owen John Mathias John Langhome Thomas Wogan John Lort William Owen of Cameog Thomas Lloyd John Thomas.

Towne of Pembrooke

For the Towne of Pembrooke The Maior for the time being Mathew Bowen Richard Browne Gentlemen

Towne of Tenby

For the Towne of Tenby The Maior for the time being Richard Wiat Rice Barrow David Palmer Gentlemen

Radnor

For the County of Radnor Sir Richard Lloyd Knight Arthur Trevor Esqs Sir Henry Williams Baronet Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Harley Knight George Gwyne Richard Fowler James Price Thomas Corbet Henry Williams Lewis Morgan John Walcot Thomas Harley Samuell Powell Nicholas Tayler Evan Davies Andrew Phillips Charles Lewis Henry Probert Herbert Weston James Becke one of his Majestyds Sergiants at Armes Henry Stedman Griffith Jones Hugh PQWell Richard Meredith Thomas Ecleston Robert Cutler Esqrs Francis Rickards John Rickards Rowland Higgens Gentf The Bayliffe of New Radnor for the time being Marmaduke Bull Gentleman*

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

547

And bee it further eroded and declared that the severall ComisSers aforesaid shall meete together at the most umiall and comon place of meeting within each of the said Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places respectively on or before the tenth day of March now next ensueing And the said ComisSers or soe many of them as shall be present at the said First Generali Meeting or the major part of them are hereby authorized and required to putt this [present1] Ad in execution according to the best of their Judgements and Discretions and shall then if they see cause subdivide and distribute themselves soe into lesser numbers as two or more of the said ComisSers may be appointed for the service of each Hundred or other Division and as may best conduce to the carrying on of His Majestyes Service hereby required,

And for the more eflFeduaQ performance thereof Bee it eroded and declared That the Cdmislers at the aforesaid First Generali Meeting or the major part of them shall agree and sett downe in writeing who and what number of the said CdmisSers shall act in each of the said Divisions or Hundreds To the end that there be noe failure in any part of the due execution of the Service by this Act required

And bee it eroded and declared [by the Authority aforesaid 1 ] That the Chmissers within the severall Divisions or Hundreds or any Two or more of them are hereby authorized and required to cause the said severall Proportions charged on the respective Divisions and on every Parish and Place therein for the said three yeares Assessment to be equally assessed and taxed and to appoint two or more Assessors in each Parish or Place for the perfeding thereof who are hereby required with all care and diligence to assesse the same equally by a Pound rate upon all Lands Tenements Hereditaments Annuities Rents Parkes Warrens Goods Chattells Stocke Merchandize Offices other then Judidall and Military Offices and Offices relateing to the Navy under the Command of the Lord High Admirall and Offices within his Majesty es Household Tolls Proffitts and all other Estates both reall and personall within the Limitts Circuits and Bounds of their respective Parishes and Places.

And bee it further eroded by the Authority aforesaid That the sumnie of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred fifty and eight pounds six shillings eight pence being the first of the said Twelve quarterly payments hereby imposed shall be assessed collected leavyed and paid into the Receivour Generali of the said severall Countyes who shall be appointed by His Majestie And who are hereby required to transmitt or cause the same to be paid into His Majesty es Receipt of His Exchequer on or before the First day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and five And the summe of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings eight pence being the second of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of August in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty five, And the summe of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings and eight pence being the third of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of November in the yeare of onr Lord One thousand six hundred sixty five, And the sume of Two hundred and six thousand seven hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings [and*] eight pence being the fourth of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of February in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty five, And the summe of Two hundred and six thousand seven hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings eight pence being the fifth of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand rix hundred sixty six. And the summe of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings eight pence being the sixth of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of August in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty six And the summe of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings eight pence being the seaventh of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty six And the summe of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings eight pence befog the eighth of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of February in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty six, And the summe of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings eight pence being the ninth of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty seaven, And the summe of Two hundred and six thousand seven hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings eight pence being the tenth of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of August in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty seaven. And the summe of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings eight pence befog the eleaventh of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty seaven, And the summe of Two hundred and six thousand seven hundred and fifty and eight pounds six shillings eight pence befog the twelfth of the said Quarterly payments on or before the First day of February in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty seaven:

III.

Commissioner* to meet loth March;

and may divide themselves.

IV.

Commissioners at their First Meeting to agree what Number are to act in each Division.

V.

TwoCommissionera may cause Proportions charged on Divisions to be taxed, and to appoint Assessors.

The Duty of Assessors.

VI.

First Payment to Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer.

Second.

Third.

Fourth.

Fifth.

Sixth.

Seventh.

Eighth.

Ninth.

Tenth.

Eleventh.

Twelfth.

And for the compleatfog of the whole summe charged upon the same, and to the end the aforesaid summes charged upon the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and places may be equally and indifferently assessed according to the true intent of this Act and the money duely collected and true acompt thereof made the said Assessors are hereby required to deliver one Copy of their respective Assesments fairly written and subscribed by them unto the said CdmisSers and the said Comissers or any two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to signe and seale two Duplicates of the said Assesments, and the one of them to deliver or cause to be delivered to one or more honest and responsable person or persons to be Sub collector or

VII. Assessors to deliver a Copy of Assessment subscribed by them to Commissioners, who are to sign and seal Two Duplicates thereof, and deliver one to Sub*collector,

f 0. omits.

t^.oo£ie

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1664> & 1665.

and the other to Receiver General, who is to transmit the same to the Exchequer.

VIII.

Head Collector to be appointed by Commissioners.

Head Collector to pay to Receiver General.

IX.

Collectors to pay to the Receivers General, who are to transmit Monies to the Exchequer.

Salary to Receiver General.

What the Duplicate to be returned into the Exchequer is to contain.

X.

Allowance to Sub-collectors id. in the Pound* to he paid by Head Collectors.

Allowance to Head Collectors id. in the Pound, to be paid by Receiver General.

Allowance to Commissioners Clerks id. in the Pound, to be paid by Receiver General.

XI.

No Head Collectors to be appointed in Cities, &c. where there is a Receiver General, except London.

XII. Refusing to pay Assessment;

Distress.

Collectors, &c. in the Day-time may break open Houses, Chests, &c. upon Warrant from Commissioners, calling to their Assistance Constables, &c. who are to be aiding.

Commissioners to settle Questions arising upon Distress.

Refusing, &c. to pay, conveying away Goods, &c. Imprisonment. Proviso for Peers.

Sub Collectors which the said Comis§ers are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint for each Pariah or place with Warrant to the said Sub Collector or Sub Collectors to collect the said Assesment payable as aforesaid soe as the said aeverall summes may be paid in to the said Receivers Generali and by them into the Receipt of his Majesties Exchequer at the respective times aforesaid and the said ComisSers are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered the other of the said Duplicates of each Parish or place to the Receivour Generali of each County Citty Towne or place respectively to be by him the said Receivour Generali transmitted into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer which the said Receiver Generali is required to perfbrme accordingly

And bee it further enacted and declared That the said ComiSers in their respective Divisions or Hundreds or any two or more of them shall and are hereby impowered to nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seales an honest able and responsable person to bee Head collector unto whom the moneyes received by the Sub collector within the Division or Hundred shall from time to time be duely paid, And the said Head collector is hereby required upon the receipt thereof to pay the same forthwith to the Receivour Generali of each County respectively

And bee it further enacted and declared That the perticular Collectors and Sub Collectors are hereby required to pay in all and every the summes soe received by them to the said Receivors Generali aforesaid who are hereby required [forthwith to transmitt or cause to be paid the moneyes by them received into the Receipt of his Majesties Exchequer, And the said Lord Trear is hereby authorized to allow the said Receivour Generali of each County Citty and Towne respectively in case he hath returned up as aforesaid a Duplicate of the Assesment of each Parish or place in County Citty or Towne for which he is appointed Receivour Generali a Sailary for his paines not exceeding one penny in the pound upon the clearing of his Accompt which Duplicate soe to be returned into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer is intended to containe noe more then the summes in grosse to be collected by each Sub Collector and the severall Names of the said Sub Collectors

And it is hereby further enacted and declared that the Sub Collectors of each Parish or place which shall be appointed by vertue of this Act shall (*)upon collection of the whole Summe apppointed to be collected by them and payment thereof as is hereby and before appointed have and receive for their paines in collecting and paying the moneyes one penny in the pound which the said severall Head Collectors are hereby authorized to pay unto them, and the severall Head Collectors which shall be appointed by vertue of this Act shall upon the payment of the whole summe due from their Hundred or Division to the Receiver Generali of each County have and receive for their paines in receiving and paying the said moneyes one penny in the pound which each [Receiour3] Generali is hereby authorized to pay and allow unto them accordingly, and alsoe upon Receipt of the whole Assesment of the County Citty or Towne for which he is appointed Receivour Generali in case he hath received the severall Duplicates of each Parish or place therein and not otherwise to allow and pay according to such Warrant as shall be in that behalfe given by the said Comissers or any three of them one penny in the pound for the Comissers Clerkes for their paines in faire writeing the Assesments Duplicates and Copies

Provided That noe Head Collectors shall be appointed for any Citty or Towne which is by this Act perticularly charged with the payment of any summe towards the Assesment hereby to be levyed and for which a Receivour Generali is to be appointed excepting within the Citty of London,

And be it enacted and declared That if any person shall refuse or negcled to pay any summe of money whereat he shall be rated or assessed That then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Collectors Subcolledors or any of them who are hereby authorized and required thereunto to leavy the summe assessed by distresse and sale of the Goods of such persons soe refiiseing cr negcleding to pay deduding the summe assessed and reasonable charges of destraining and restore the Overplus to the Owner thereof And to breake open in the day time any house, and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seales of two or more of the said Comissers any Chest Trunke or Box or other things where any such Goods are and to call to their assistance the Constables Tythingmen and Headboroughes within the Countyes Cittyes Townes or places where any refusall negcled or resistance shall be made which said Officers and Forces are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the Premisses as they will answere the contrary at their perrills. And if any question or difference happen upon takeing of such Distresses betweene the partyes distressed or distrained the same shall be ended and determined by the said Comissers or any two or more of them, And if any person or persons shall refuse or negcled to pay his or their Assesment and convey his or their Goods or other personall Estate whereby the summe of money soe assessed cannot be levyed according to this Act then the respective Comissers or any two or more of them are hereby authorized to imprison the person (except a Peere or Peeres of this Realme) and him and them in Prison to detaine and keepe untill the money soe assessed and the charges for the bringing in the same be paid and satisfied and noe longer

XIII. Tenants may pay the Tax and dedud out of Rent-

Landlords to allow Deduction.

And the severall and respective Tenants or Tenant of all Houses and Lands which shall be rated by vertue of this Act are hereby required and authorized to pay such Summe or Summes of Money as shall be rated upon such House or Lands and to dedud out of the Rent soe much of the said Rates as in respect of the said Rents of every such House and Lands the Landlord should or ought to pay and beare And the said Landlords both mediate and imediate according to their respective Interests are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the receipt of the residue of the Rents

1 interlined on the Roll.

* the 0.

3 Reccivor 0.

16° & IT0 Car. II. c. 1.

540

And it is enacted and declared That every Tenant paying the said Assessment shall be acquitted and discharged . XIV. for soe much Money as the said Assesment shall amount unto as if the same had beene actually paid unto such T^tpi^ng. person or persons unto whom his Rents should have beene due and payable And if any difference shall arise Commissioners to betweene Landlord and Tennant or any other concerning the said Rates the said severall Comislers or any two or more of them in their severall Divisions shall and have hereby power to setle the same as they shall thinke fitt, * Tenant.

And if any person or persons shall finde him or themselves agreved in that the Assessors have overrated him or them and shall within six dayes after demand made of the summe of money assessed on him or them complaine to two or more Comissers whereof one of the Cdmislers who signed or allowed his or their Assesment to be one, the said Comislers or any two or more of them shall have and have hereby power within Twelve dayes after the demand of the Assessment as aforesaid to releive such person or persons and to charge the same on such other person or persons as they shall see cause, And in case the proportions sett by this Alt upon all and every the respective Countyes Cittyes Townes and Places shall not be fully assessed leavyed and paid according to the true meaning thereof or that if any of the said Assessments shall be rated and imposed upon any person not being of ability to pay the same, or upon any empty or void House or Land where the same [can *]not be collected or levyed, or that through any wilfulnes negligence or mistake or accident the said Assesment charged upon each County Citty Towne or Place by vertue of this Act happens not to be paid to the Receivour Generali of the respective Countyes as in this Act is directed that then in all and every such cases the severall and respective Comislers Assessors and Collectors aforesaid and every of them respectively are hereby authorized and required to assesse or reassesse or cause to be assessed or reassessed levyed and paid all and every such summe or summes of money upon the respective Countyes Cittyes Townes and Places or upon any of the Divisions Hundreds and Parishes therein as to the said Comissers or such number of them as by this Act are authorized to cause the first Assesment hereby required to be made shall seeme most agreable to equity and justice, the said new Assesment to be made collected and paid in such manner and by such meanes as in this Act for this Assesment is declared and directed.

And be it further enacted and declared by the Authorise aforesaid That if any person or persons shall wilfully

negcleft or refuse to performe his or their duty in the [true*] and speedy execution of this, present Act the said

respective Comislers or any Three or more of them have hereby power to impose on such person or persons soe refiisemg or negclefting their dutyes such Fine or Fines as to them shall be thought fittr and to cause the same to be levyed by Distresse and Sale of his and their Goods Provided that noe Fine to be imposed by any of the said Comissers shall for any one Offence exceed the summe of Twenty pounds, And that all Fines that shall be imposed by vertue of this Act shall be paid to the respective Receivours Generali and by them to the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer

And it is further enacted and declared That if any Collector or Subcolleftor that shall by vertue of this Act be appointed for the receipt of any summe or summes of money thereby to be assessed shall] negcleft or refuse to pay any summe or summes of money which shall by him be received as aforesaid and not pay the same as in and by this Act is directed and shall detaine in his or their hands any money received by them or any of them and not

pay the same as by this Act is directed, the CSmissers of each County Citty or Towne respectively or any Two

or more of them in their respective Divisions are hereby authorized and impowered to imprison the person and seize and secure the Estate both reall and personall of such Collector or Subcolleftor to them respectively belonging or which shall descend or come into the hands or possession of their Heires Executors or Administrators where ever the same can be discovered and found, And the said Comissers who shall soe seize and secure the Estate of any Collector or Subcolleftor shall be and are hereby impowered to appoint a time for the Generali Meeting of the [said3] Comislers of such County Citty or Towne and there to cause publique notice to be given at the place where such Meeting shall be appointed ten dayes at least before such Generali Meeting, and the Comissers present at such Generali Meeting or the major part of them in case the moneyes detained by Collectors or Subcolleftors be not paid or satisfied as it ought to be according to the directions of this Act shall and are hereby impowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates which shall be for the cause aforesaid seised and secured or any part of them and satisfie and pay such County and Place the Summe that shall be soe detained in the hands of *such Collector or Subcolleftor and retume the Overplus deducting necessary charges to such Collector or Subcolleftor their Heires Executors and Administrators respectively.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That at the expiration of the respective times in this Act prescribed for the full payment of the said quarterly Assesments the severall and respective Comissers or any Two of them within their Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them the cheife Collectors and Subcolleftors within each respective Division and Hundred to examine and assure themselves of the full and whole payment of the perticular Summe and Summes of Money charged upon the said Division Hundred and every Parish and Place therein and of the due Retume of the same into the Hands of the Receivour Generali of the said County Citty Towne and Place respectively, And by such Receivour Generali to the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer to the end there may be noe failure in the payment of any part of the Assesment by vertue of this Act to be assessed and paid nor any Arreares remaine chargeable upon any [the said'] Countyes Cittyes Townes or Places respectively And in case of any failure in the Premisses the said CSmissers or any Two of them are hereby to cause the same to be forthwith leavyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

XV.

Persons over-rated Commissioners may relieve.

If Proportions not fully assessed, or Persons charged not of Ability, or Assessment on empty House, or Assessment not paid to ReceiverGeneral;

Re-assessment, See.

XVI. Officers neglecting Duty;

Commissioners may fine, not exceeding £ 20.

Fines paid to Receiver General, and by him into Exchequer.

XVII. Collector not paying Monies received by him;

Commissioners ma imprison and seize Real and Personal Estate;

and may apDotnt a general Meeting ofCommissioners on Notice

and if Monies not paid, may sell the said Estates for Payment,

returning Overplus.

XVIII. Commissioners to call Collectors, &c. before them to account;

and in case of Failure of Monies, to levy the same forthwith.

7 A

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1664 & 1

XIX. Commissioners not to rote in their own Case.

XX. Privileged Places, See. liable.

Tenants of Fee Farm Rents, Sec. to pay.

Indemnity to such Tenants.

XXI. Proviso for Universities, Colleges of Windsor, Eaton, &c. Hospitals, See.

and for Christ’s Hospital, and other Hospitals in London and Southwark.

XXII. Tenants of such Hospitals to pay.

XXIII. Persons in London to be taxed in Parish where they live for Goods, &c. in other Parishes, &c.

XXIV.

The whole Sum to be levied.

Commissioners to account.

XXV.

In case assessing by a Pound Rate prove prejudicial, then Commissioners to assess by an usual Rate.

XXVI. Proviso for Covenants, See. between Landlord and Tenant.

XXVII. Places rated to pay and be assessed in such County, &c. as heretofore.

XXVIII.

In Action for executing Ad General Issue may be pleaded.

And it is hereby enacted and declared That in case any Controversy arise concerning the said Assesments or the dividing apportioning or payment thereof which conceme any of the ComisSers by this Act appointed, that the C5mis$ers soe concerned in the said Controversie shall have noe Voice but shall withdraw at the time of the Debate of any such Controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the ComisSers

And bee it hereby enacted and declared That noe Priviledge Place or Person Body Pollitique or Corporate within the Countyes Cittyes and Townes aforesaid shall be exempted from the said Assessments and Taxes and that they and every of them and alsoe all Fee Farme Rents and all other manner of Rents Payments Summes of Moneyes and Annuities issueing out of any Lands within Citty or County shall be lyeable towards the payment of every Summe by this Act to be taxed and leavyed, And all the Tennants of any Fee Farme Rent other Rent summes of Money or Annuityes aforesaid are hereby directed and authorized to pay them proportionably according to the Rates and Assesments by this Act appointed and directed And all such Tennants shall be hereby saved and kepte harmelesse by authoritie of this Act from any further payment of such portion of (') such Rent Rents Summes or Annuityes either to the Exchequer or to any other person or persons to whom any such Rent Rents Summes of Moneyes or Annuityes as aforesaid should or ought to be paid to all intents and purposes whatsoever as fully and as amply as if they bad paid the same into the Exchequer or to any person or persons to whom the same is reserved or become due

Provided That noe thing contained in this Act shall be extended to charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universities or the Colledges of Windsor Eaton Winton or Westminster or any Hospitalls for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colledges [or*] Halls or Hospitalls nor any Master Fellow or Scholler of any such Colledge or Hall or in any other Free Schooles or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universities Colledges or Schooles or of any Hospitalls or Aimes houses for or in respect of any stipend wages or proffitt whatsoever ariseing or growing due to them in respect of the said severall Places and Imployments in the said Universities Colledges Schooles Hospitalls or Almeshouses nor to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall S* Bartholimews Bridewell S* Thomas and Bethlem Hospitall in the Citty of London and Burrough of Southwarke or any of them for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospitalls being to be received and disbursed for the immediate use and releife of the poore in the said Hospitalls.

Provided That noe Tennants that hold or enjoy any Lands or Houses by Lease or any other grant from any of the said Hospitalls doe claime and enjoy any freedome exemption or advantage by this Act but that all the Houses and Lands which they soe hold shall be rated and assessed for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitalls.

Provided alsoe That where any person inhabiting within the Citty of London hath his Dwelling house in one of the Parishes or Wards therein and hath any Goods Wares or Merchandize in one or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the same that then such person shall be charged taxed and assessed for such his Goods or Merchandize in the Parish or Ward where he dweleth and not elsewhere in the said Citty.

Provided neverthelesse That noe Clause or Provisoe in this Act shall extend to the lessening or abatement of the full summe by this Act appointed to be taxed leavyed and paid but that the same be fully assessed taxed levyed collected and paid in the severall and respective County es Cittyes and Townes aforesaid in such manner and forme and to such uses as is herein before mentioned and declared. And that the severall and respective ComisSers and every of them shall from time to time give a true and perfect Accompt of all their doeings and proceedings in the execution of this Act to the said Lord Treasurer or to other such persons as His Majestie shall appoint

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby enacted and declared That in case the way or manner of assessing by a Pound rate shall prove any way prejudiciall or obstructive to the said speedy bringing in of the Assesment or any part thereof appointed by this Act that then and in all such cases the respective ComisSers or any two of them are hereby authorized to order and direct their respective Assessors who are hereby required to proceede accordingly to assesse the respective summes charged on the respective Countyes Cittyes and Burroughes Townes and Places mentioned in this Act according to the most just and usuall way of Rates held and praftised in such Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and places respectively Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwayes That noe thing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter change determine or mak* void any Contrafts Covenants or Agreements whatsoever betweene th£ Landlord and Tennant touching the payment of Taxes or Assesments Any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That for the avoiding of all obstructions and delayes in collecting the sumes by this Act to be rated and assessed all Places Constablewicks Divisions and Allotments which have used to be rated and assessed shall pay and be assessed in such County Hundred Rape and Wapentake as the same hath heretofore usually beene assessed in and not elsewhere.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act such person or persons \_soe sued in any Court *] whatsoever shall or may pleade the Generali Issue

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 1

551

Not guilty And upon any Issue joyned may give this AS and the speciall matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Non suite or fbrbeare further Prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendants shall recover their Treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

Provided alwayes That noe thing in this Act shall extend or be construed to invalidate a Decree lately made in the High Court of Chauncery for the quieting of Suites betweene the Counties of Salop and Stafford and for the setleing all future Payments to be imposed on certaine Lands in Sheriffe Hales with the County of Salop And for exempting the said Lands from paying hereafter with the County of Stafford But that the said Decree shall remaine in such (and noe other) force as it did before the makeing of this Act Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That all Spirituall Promotions and all Lands Possessions or Revenues annexed to and all Goods and Chattells growing or renewed upon the same or elsewhere appertaining to the Owners of the said Spirituall Promotions or any of them which are or shall be charged or made contributary by this Act towards the Payments aforesaid dureing the time therein appointed shall be absolutely freed and discharged from the two last of the sower Subsidyes granted by the Clergy to His Majestie His Heires and Successors by an Act made in a former Session of this present Parlyament entituled An Act for confirming of sower Subsidyes granted by the Clergy Any clause or thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the severall Head Collectors which shall be appointed according to this Act shall from time to time at every Payment appointed thereby give unto the severall Sub Collectors within their respective Precincts upon the Payment of the whole Summe due at such times of payment from their respective Parishes Constablewicks or places within each of their Colledions severall Acquittances under their Hands without takeing any thing for the same And that in like manner at every time of payment appointed by this Act the Receivour Generali of each County shall give unto the severall Headcolledors aforesaid upon the payment of the whole Summe due for their Hundred or Division respectively at each time [of payment ’ ] aforesaid severall Acquittances under their Hands and Seales without takeing any thing for the same which said Acquittances of the Headcolledors shall be a full and perfect discharge to the Sub Collectors. And the said Acquittances of the Receivour Generali shall be a sufficient discharge to the Headcolledors and to such Hundred Division Constablewicke Parish or place respectively and to every person charged within the said Sub Collectors or Head Collectors Charge against His Majestie His Heires and Successors for the summe or summes of money soe acquitted

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish Place or Constablewicke shall lye unoccupyed and noe distresse can be found on the same by reason whereof the said Parish Place or Constablewicke are forced to pay and make good the Taxe assessed upon such Lands lyeing unoccupyed That then it shall and may be lawfull at any time [after *] for the Collectors Constable or Tythingman of the said Parish Place or Constablewicke for the time being to enter and destraine upon the said Lands and Houses when there shall be any Distresse thereupon to be found, And the Distresse and Distresses being the proper Goods of the Owner or any claiming any Estate Interest or Proffitt under him if not redeemed within sower dayes by payment of the Tax and Charge of (*) Distresse to sell rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Distresse, And the said Collector Constable or Tythingman is hereby enjoyned to distribute the money raised by the said Distresse or Sale thereof proportionably to the partyes who contributed to the Taxe of the said unoccupyed Lands

Provided alwayes and be it enacted that where any Woodlands shall be assessed and noe Distresse can be had that in such case it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Sub Collector Constable [Headborough *] or Tythingman by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of two or more of the Cdmissers in that Hundred or Division at seasonable time of the yeare to cutt and sell to any person or persons soe much of the Wood growing on the said Woodlands soe assessed as will pay the Assesment [and3] Assesments soe behinde and unpaid and the Charge incident thereto. And that it shall and may be lawfull for the person and persons and his Assignee to whom such Wood shall be soe sold to sell cutt downe dispose and carry away the same to his owne use rendering the Overplus if any be to the Owner Any Law to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted That where any Taxe or Assesment shall be charged or laid upon any Tythes Tolls Proffitts of Markets Faires or Fishery or other Annuall Proffitts not destrainable in case the same shall not be paid within fifteene dayes after such Assesment soe charged or laid and demanded then it shall be lawfull to and for the Sub Collector Constable or other Officer thereunto appointed by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the Comissers authorized by this Act to seise take and sell soe much of the said Tythes Tolls and other Proffitts soe charged as shall be sufficient for the leavying of the said Taxe and Assesment and all Charges occasioned by such Non payment thereof rendering the Overplus to the Owner if any be.

And whereas the County of Midlesex and Citty of Westminster are raised in the Monethly Assesment by reason of the new buildings lately erected And that Offices are made chargeable towards the payment of such Assesment To the end that an equall rate may be made and imposed upon the severall Divisions Parishes and Hamblets within

Treble Costs.

XXIX. Proviso in respect of t Decree in Chancery, as to Lands in Sheriff Hales in the County of Salop.

XXX. Spiritual Revenues chargeable by this Act to be discharged from the two last of the Four Subsidies granted by the Clergy,

by 15 Car. II. c.zo.

XXXI.

Head Collectors to give Acquittances to Sub«collectors without Fee.

Receivers General to give Acquittances to Head Collectors without Fee.

Such Acquittances to be a full Discharge to such Collectors, and also to Place, &c. charged.

XXXII. Remedy against Land or House void of Distress.

XXXIII. When Woodlands assessed, and no Distress, Sub-collectors, & c. may cut and sell to pay Assessment.

Vendee may cut and self.

XXXIV. Where Assessment on Tithes and other Profits not distrainable not paid, Sub-collector, &c. may seize and sell.

XXXV. Commissioners for Middlesex and Westminster may appoint Assessors,

1 interlined on the Roll.

• the 0.

* or 0.

16° & IT0 Car. II. c. 1, 2.

A.D. 1664 1665.

who art to ascertain the said County and Citty Bee it enacted by this present Parliament and by the Authority thereof That the said TownAipif&^' ComisSers appointed for the said County and Citty of Westminster [or any Three of them *] shall if they shall thinke chargeable, and to fitt cause two or three of the honest and able Inhabitants in the several I and respective Parishes Towneshipps tSomimierionm. and Places within the said County and Citty to be named and appointed Assessors who (or any two of them) are to ascertaine and rate the yearely value and proffitts of all Offices belonging to the Courts of Westminster and other Offices chargeable by this Act towards the payment of the said summe sett upon the said County and Citty and all Towneshipps Parishes and Places for which they be appointed Assessors and to retume the same

Such Assessors to deliver in their Surveys signed to Commissioners.

Commissioners at General Meeting, on Perusal of Surveys, are to cast up the true Revenue of the County, Ac. and to apportion a Pound Rate.

to the said Comissers or to such person or persons as shall be appointed to receive the same, which said Assessors are to deliver in their severall Surveyes perfeded and subscribed by them unto the said CdmisSers or to such [other *] person or persons as shall be appointed by them or any three of them to receive the same two or three dayes at the least before the second Generali Meeting of the said C5mis§ers to the end that the said ComisSers may deliver in all the severall Surveyes to be made throughout the said County at the said second Generali Meeting, at which said Generali Meeting the said Comislers or the major part of them then present shall upon view and perusall of the said severall Surveyes cast up the true revenue and yearely proffitts of the whole County Citty and Offices aforesaid to the end that an equall Pound rate may be apportioned upon every Office chargeable by this Act Division Hundred Towneship and Parish according to the proportion and summe of money charged 'upon the said County and Citty by vertue of this present Act which the said ComisSers or the major part of them then and there assembled are by vertue of this Act authorized and appointed tp [apportion1] and make accordingly.

XXXVI. [Provided alwayes That noe thing herein contained shall be drawne into example to the prejudice of the Auntient

o^Pe«,fCl^lt, ^K^ts belonging unto the Lords Spirituall and Temporall or Clergy of this Realme or unto either of the Universityes Universities, See. or unto any Colledges Schooled Almeshouses Hospitalls or Cinque Ports.4]

Rot. Parl.

16 & 17 C.II. nu, 1.

Sea Coal to be sold by the Chaldron.

Contents of a Chaldron.

Other Coal sold by Weight.

Penalty.

Before whom Complaints may be made.

Penalties bow to be levied.

Who shall set the Prices of Coals sold by Retail.

II.

Refusing to sell at those Rates j Officer may enter upon Wharf, See. and sell.

III.

Continuance of Ad.

CHAPTER H.

An Act for regulateing the Measures and Prices of Coales.

FOR avoiding the [manifold deceits exadions and abuses used in the Measures and [Seales1] of Coales, and for preventing the like and the better regulation thereof for the time to come Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That from and after the Sixth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty sower all sorts of Coale commonly called Sea Coales brought into the River of Thames and sold shall be sold by the Chaldron containing Thirty six Bushells heaped up, and according to the Bushell sealed for that purpose at Guildhall in London and soe for a greater or lesser quantity, And that all other sorts of Coales comeing from Scotland and other places cdmonly sold by Weight and not by Measure shall be sold by Weight after the proportion of a hundred and twelve pound to the hundred of Avoirdupois weight without any fallacy or deceit upon paine of forfeiture of all the Coales which shall be otherwise sold or exposed to sale by any Woodmonger or Retailer of Coales, and the double value thereof to be recovered by any person or persons that will prosecute for the same in any Court of Record, or by way of complaint made unto the Lord Maior of London for the time being, and Justices of Peace within the Citty of London and Libertyes thereof, or to any two of them, or to the Justices of Peace of the severall and respective Countyes and Places where such Coales shall be exposed to sale or any of them who are hereby impowered and required to call the Party es before them and to heare and examine such complaint upon Oath which by vertue of this Act is to be administred by them or any Two of them, and upon due proofe thereof made to their satisfaction to conviCt the Offenders, and to give Warrant under their Hands and Seales for levying the Forfeitures accordingly, the one halfe thereof to be to and for the use of the person or persons soe prosecuteing or complaining, and the other halfe to and for the use of the Poore, or repairing of the Highwayes within the same Parish or any other adjoyning Parish or Parishes to be appointed and apportioned by the direction of the said Lord Maior and Justices by such their Warrant as aforesaid, And the said Lord Maior of London and the Court of Aldermen for the time being, and the Justices of Peace of the severall Countyes respectively or any three or more of them, whereof one to be of the Quorum are hereby impowered to sett the Rates and Prices of all such Coales as shall be sold by Retaile as they from time to time shall judge reasonable allowing a competent proffitt to the said Retailer beyond the price paid by him to the Importer and the ordinary charges thereupon accrueing,

And that if any Ingrosser or Retailer of such Coales shall refuse to sell as aforesaid That then the said Lord Maior and Aldermen and Justices of Peace respectively are hereby authorized to appoint and impower such Officer or Officers or other persons as they shall thinke fitt to enter into any Wharfe or other place where such Coales are stored up, And in case of refiisall takeing a Constable to force entrance, and the said Coales to sell, or cause to be sold at such Rates as the said Lord Maior and Aldermen and Justices respectively shall judge reasonable rendring to such Ingrosser or Retailer the money for which the said Coales shall be soe sold necessary charges being deducted.

Provided That this Act shall continue for three yeares next ensueing, and thenceforth to the end of the next Session of Parlyament and noe longer.

1 interlined on the Roll. t 0 omits. * proportion 0.

4 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 4 Sales 0.

16° & 17° Car. II. c.2,3.

553

Provided alsoe That noe person or persons that shall he sued by vertue of this Act for not observeing thereof shall be sued upon any other Act or Law now in force for the same offence. And if any Action shall be commenced against any Justice of Peace Constable or other Officer or Person for any thing done by colour of this Act the Defendant in every such Action may pleade the Generali Issue and give the speciall matter in Evidence, And if the Verdict be found for him, or [if1] the Plaintiffe become nonsuited shall recover and have his Damages and double Costs of suite for his unjust Vexation in that behalfe.

Provided alwayes That noe person haveing any Interest in any Wharfe used for the receiving or uttering of Coales, or that doth or shall trade by himselfe or others in his owne or any other name in the sale of any Coales, or the engrossing the same in order to sell the same and not for his owne private use onely shall act or otherwise intermedle in the setting the Price of Coales, Any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER HI.

An Act for the returning of able and sufficient Jurors.

FOR the returning of more able and sufficient Jurors for Trialls hereafter to be had betweene party and £ partyes1] and for reformation of abuses in Sheriffes and other Ministers, who for reward doe oftentimes spare the ablest and sufficientest, and returne the poorer and simpler Freeholders lesse able to desceme the Causes in question, and to beare the charges of appearance and attendance thereon, Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That all Jurors (other then Strangers upon Tryalls per medietatem lingue) who are to be returned for the Tryalls of Issues joyned in any of [hisJ] Majestyes Courts of Kings Bench, Common Pleas or the Exchequer or before Justices of Assize or Nisi Prius Oyer and Terminer Goale Delivery or Generali or Quarter Sessions of the Peace from and after the Twentyeth day of Aprill which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty five in any County of this Realme of England shall every of them then have in their owne name or in trust for them within the same County Twenty pounds by the yeare at least above reprizes in their owne or their wives right of Freehold Lands or of aundent Demeasne, or of Rents in Fee, Fee taile, or for Life, And that in every County within the Dominion of Wales, every such Juror shall then have within the same eight pounds by the yeare at the least above reprizes in manner aforesaid, All which persons haveing such Estate as aforesaid are hereby enabled and (4) made lyeable to be returned and to serve as Jurors for the Tryall of Issues before the Justices aforesaid, Any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, And if any of a lesse Estate and value shall be respectively returned upon any such Jury or Tales in defaulte of such Jurors it shall be a good cause of Challenge, and the party returned shall be discharged upon the said Challenge, or his owne Allegation and Oath thereof. And that noe Jury mans Issues makeing Defaulte shall be saved but by speciall Order of the Judge or Judges before whom the Issue is to be tryed for some just and reasonable Cause proved upon Oath before the same Judge or Judges And all such Issues shall be duely estreated and levyed. And that the Writt of Venire facias which from and after the aforesaid time shall be awarded and directed for the impannelling of Juryes in Cases aforesaid within any County of England shall be in this Forme Rex &c. pcipimus &c quod venire fad corn &c duodecim liberos et legales homines de vicineto de A Quorum quilibet habeat viginti libras terre tenementoru vel reddif per annu ad minus per quos &c et qui nec, &c. And the residue of the said Writt shall be after the auntient manner, And that those Writts which shall be awarded and directed for returning of Juryes within the Dominion of Wales shall be made in the same maimer altering onely the word Viginti into O&o, and that upon every such Writt and Writts of Venire facias the SherifFe Coroner or other Ministers of each respective County in England and Wales unto whom the makeing of the Pennell shall appertaine shall not returne in any such Pannell any person unlesse he shall then have Twenty Pounds or Eight pounds respectively by the yeare at least as aforesaid in the same County where the Issue is to be tryed upon paine to forfeite for every person being returned in any such Pannell that shall not then have Twenty pounds or Eight pounds respectively as is aforesaid the summe of Five pounds to His Majestie His Heires and Successors,

And for the better enableing the SherifFe of every County to know the value of the Estates of such persons as are by the true intent and meaning of this Act to be returned for Jury men. Bee it further enacted That every SherifFe shall on the First day of every Generali Quarter Sessions yearely held nfcxt after the Feast of Easter deliver or cause to be delivered unto the Justices of Peace sitting at the same Sessions the Names of all persons of such Estates as are by the true meaning of this Act to be returned for Jury men, to the end the Estates of such persons may be enquired after, and such persons approved of by the said Justices of Peace or the greater number of them then present to be persons of such Estates to be retumeable for Jury men for the yeare then next ensueing, And the said Justices shall have power to add such persons haveing Estates of the respective values before mentioned as they shall finde to be ommitted by the SherifFe among the Names by him delivered, and such competent number and noe more of such persons as aforesaid shall be returnable to serve of Juryes

1 0. omits.

« Party 0.

1 the Kings O.

4 and O.

IV.

No Offender to be punished by any other A&.

In Aaions for executing Act General Issue may be pleaded. Double Costs.

V.

No Coal-«eUer to set Prices.

Rot. Parl.' i6ktyC.II.mil. a.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Jurors returned on Trials of Issues to be worth in Freehold Lands, &c. g£io per Annum. (Exception.)

Jurors in Wales j£8 per Annum.

Challenge.

Issues of Juryman making Default how saved.

The Form of thi Venire facias.

Sheriff returning Jurors of less Value;

Penalty £$.

II.

Sheriffs to give to the Sessions Names of Persons liable to be returned as Jurors.

Sessions may add Names omitted.

No greater Number returnable than Sessions may think fit.

16" & IT0 Car. II. c.3—5. A.D. 1664® 1665.

III.

Jurors to be summoned six Days before they are to appear ; and to have left with them in Writing the Names of Parties.

Sheriff, &c. taking money, &c. to excuse Appearance; Penalty £10.

Proviso for ancient Usages.

IV.

Upon certain Writs of Venire facias in C. P. of Lancaster, Habeas Corpora or Distringas to be sued out.

Issues to be estreated.

V.

Jurymen how compelled to appear in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Default in Juror; Penalty jtfio.

VL

Continuance of A&.

for the yeare next ensueing as the said Justices or the greater number of them as aforesaid shall thinke fitt. And that noe Sheriffe shall incurr the penaltie aforesaid for returning any of the persons soe approved or added by the Justices in case his Estate fall out to be of lesse value then aforesaid.

And it is further enacted That noe Sheriffe or Bayliffe of any Liberty or Franchise or any of their or either of their Ministers shall retume any such person or persons as aforesaid to have beene summoned by them or any of them unlesse such person or persons shall have beene duely summoned by the space of six dayes at the least before the day on which they ought to make their appearance. And have left with or for such persons in writeing the Names of all the Partyes in those Causes wherein they are to serve as Jurors, nor shall directly or indirectly take any money or other reward to excuse the appearance of any Juror by them or any of them to be summoned or returned upon paine to forfeite for every such Offence the summe of Ten pounds, saveing to all Cittyes and Townes Corporate their aundent Usage of returning Jurors of such Estate and in such manner as heretofore hath beene used or accustomed

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from henceforth upon Writts of Venire facias issued out and returned within the County Palladne of Lancaster as of the same Assizes wherein the Issues are said to be joyned Writts of Habeas Corpora or Distringas shall be sued out like as is used in all other Countyes within this Kingdome returnable at the then next Assizes, And the Sheriffe thereupon to retume such Issues as is or ought to be done by the said Sheriffes of the said other Countyes and those Issues to be duely estreated as above is provided.

And the better to cause and bring Jurors to appeare upon Tryalls at Assizes within the said County Palladne of Lancaster Bee it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That the Sheriffe of the same County Palladne of Lancaster for the dme being shall from henceforth cause twelve good and lawfiill men soe qualifyed as before in this Act is appointed out of every of the six Hundreds within the said County Palatine to be duely summoned or warned ten dayes at the least before the begining of every Assizes to be and appeare the first day of the then next Assizes and there to attend dureing the same Assizes to performe their duty and service to the Court as Jurors or Jury-men in such Causes betweene Party and Party wherein they shall be respectively returned and impannelled upon paine that every of them that shall make defaulte to appeare and attend at and dureing the said Assizes to forfeite Ten pounds to the use and behoofe of the Poore of the Towne where such person or persons soe makeing defaulte doth inhabit and live, the same to be levyed recovered and had in such manner and wayes as other Issues of Jurors use to be levyed.

Provided That this Act shall continue and stand in force for the space of Three yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament and noe longer.

CHAPTER IV.

Rot, Pari,

i6& iyC.II. HU. 3.

Farmers to have equal Power as the former Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners had.

Exception.

An Additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise.

FOR the better ordering and collecting the Duty of Excise Bee it enacted and declared by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That from and after the [eigth1] day of November which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and five all Farmers of Excise or any of them within the severall Circuits and Divisions of their respective Farmes shall and are enabled hereby to exercise and putt in Execution all such Powers and Authorities which the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Excise are enabled to doe and execute by the severall Acts and Statutes of Excise for the levying raiseing receiving and manageing of the said Revenue of Excise Except the Judidall part of heareing and determining all breaches and offences against the Lawes of Excise and of imposeing mitigating or compounding of Fines or Penalty es.

CHAPTER V.

Rot* Pari. i6k.iyC.II. ini. 4.

Recital that the Security by Statute Merchant and Statute Staple it become of little Use by the Fraud of Conizert, and of the Consequences thereof.

An Act to prevent Delayes in extending Statutes Judgements and Recognizances.

T XTHE RE AS the Security by Statute-Merchant and of the Staple is now become of litle use and benefit by ▼ v the fraude of the Conizers thereof in sundry cases who to prevent the payment of their Debts secretly assigne small parts of their Lands to severall and unknowne persons, And it haveing beene used that if the Creditor take Execution on such Statute, yet if the Lands of any one or more person or persons, to whom such Alienation was made and lyeable to such Execution be ommitted out of such Extent, the same Execution hath beene avoided by Audita Querela and the party extending lost his Costs and was delayed of his just Debt and soe againe upon any new Extent toties quoties, And if any one Acre or Parcell of Land happened to descend to an

1 eighth 0.

A.D. 166* V1665.

16° & 17° Cab. II. c.5,6.

555

Infant the whole Execution was deferred till full age of such Infant, And if afterwards other part of the Lands or Tenements lyeable to such Debt descended to another Infant then alsoe a farther delay happened dureing that Infancy alsoe, Bee it therefore enabled by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by Authoride of the same That when any Judgement Statute or Recognizance shall be extended the same shall not be avoided or delayed by occasion that any part of the Lands or Tenements extendable are or shall be ommitted out of such Extent, saveing alwayes to the Party and Partyes whose Lands shall be extended his and their Heires Executors and Assignes his and their remedy for Contribution against such person and persons whose Lands are or shall be omitted out of such Extent from time to time.

[Provided alwayes that this Act or any thing therein contained shall not be construed to give any Extent or Contribution against any Heire within the age of one and twenty yeares dureing such Minority of such Heire for or in respect of any Lands to such Heire descended farther or otherwise then might have beene before the makping of this Act, 1]

Provided that this Act extend onely to such Statutes as are or shall be for payment of moneyes, And to such Extent as shall be within Twenty yeares after the Statute Recognizance or Judgement had and obtained,

Provided that this Act shall continue for the space of Three yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament and noe longer

CHAPTER VL

An Act for repealing of part of an Act of Parlyament intituled An Act directing the prosecution of such as are

accomptable for Prize Goods.

WHEREAS by an Act made in this psent Parliament endtuled An Act [for*] directing the prosecution of such as are accomptable for Prize Goods It is amongst other things enacted That all and every Admiralls Vice-Admiralls Captaines of Shipps Officers and Marriners that did surprize or receive to or for the publique use or by pretence thereof any Shipps, Plate, Jewells, Bullion, Money, Silver, Gold, Armes, Ammunition, Wares, Merchandices or any manner of Goods whatsoever seized or taken for Prize betwixt the Thirtyeth of January One thousand six hundred forty two, and the nine and twenty eth of May One thousand six hundred sixty, And that had not at the makeing of the said Act truely accompted for and paid in the same or the just Provenues thereof should be chargeable to His Majestie for the said premisses and convened and sued for in His Majesties Court of Admiralty, and called to accompt, or otherwise by such Suite & in such manner as should be most availeable to His Majesde, And in case of defied of Jurisdiction in the said Court of Admiralty, then upon Certificate thereof from the said Court of Admiralrie made into His Majestyes Court of Exchequer speedy proceedings were to be had in the said Court of Exchequer for the recovering and levying of the Prizes Goods matters and things as by the said Act reladon being thereunto had more plainely folly and at large appeares, Whereupon diverse Captaines and Officers of His Majestyes Fleetes and severall others the Commanders Officers and Mariners imployed in the Sea service have beene sued or may possibly be sued concerning [the3] severall Prizes and Prize-goods by them heretofore seized and taken at Sea, or in Ports since the Moneth of January One thousand six hundred forty two, and before the Twenty ninth of May One thousand six hundred sixty contrary to the grace and favour extended towards them not onely in and bj His Majestyes most gracious Ad of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnitie and Oblivion, but alsoe by a Proclamation since made by His Majestie beareing date the Fowerteenth day of July One thousand six hundred sixty two in the Fowerteenth yeare of His Majestyes Raigne declareing His Majestyes grace and favour towards all Commanders and Seamen in relation to Prizes and Prize goods seised and taken since the Moneth of January One thousand six hundred forty two untill the nine and twenty eth of May One thousand six hundred sixty His Majestie thereupon willing that His Grace and Favour towards all Admiralls Vice-Admiralls Commanders Sea-men and Marriners should take its foil effect And being folly satisfied of their dutyfoll affections unto His Majestyes Royall Person and Government and for their future incouragement to persevere loyally in His Majestyes Service is most gradously pleased that it may be enacted. And bee it enacted [by the Kings most Excellent Majesty*] by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Cdmons in this present Parlyament assembled and by (4) Authority of the same That the said Act intituled An Act for directing the prosecution of such as are accomptable for Prize Goods and all and every Branches Clauses Powers and Articles and every matter and thing therein contained for soe much onely, and as for and concerning all and every Admiralls Vice-Admiralls Captaines of Shipps Officers of Shipps or Vessells Sea-men and Mariners and every of them shall be and is hereby from henceforth repealed annulled and made void, and of noe effect to all intents and purposes whatsoever And that all and singular Processe and Proceedings whatsoever which before this time have beene, now are, or may be at any time hereafter had sued forth and prosecuted in any of His Majestyes Courts at Westminster or in the High Court of Admiralty of England or elsewhere within any His Majestyes Dominions against any Admiralls Vice-Admiralls Captaines of Shipps Officers of Shipps or Vessells Seamen and Marriners or any of them by force

No Execution shall be stayed, though the whole Lands be not extended.

Proviso for Defendant*! Remedy for Contribution.

II.

No Contribution against an Heir within Age.

III.

To extend only to Statutes for Debts, and to Extents which shall be sued within so Yean.

IV.

Continuance of Ad.

Rot. Pnr/. i61ujC.II.4b, 5«

Recital of »4(«jk*4)C.II. c. 14. (1.

and that divert Officers and Mariners have been or may be toed contrary to St. is C. II. C.II. and to His Majesty* Proclamation of the 14th July 1663.

Reasons for passing this Act.

The said Act repealed as to Admirals, &c. Mariners and Seamen.

All Process against them to cease.

16" & IT0 Cab. II. c. 6—8. .4.ZU664 ST 1665.

And none of the said Officers or Mariners to be arrested, &c.

but shall henceforth stand acquitted from all Suits, kc.

This A €t to be expounded most beneficially for the said Officers and Mariners, &c.

II.

No other Persons, who hare not accounted, discharged;

except those who are oischarged by 12 Car. II. c. it.

but such other Persons shall remain chargeable.

Rot. Parl.

i6& 17 £.//• mu. 6.

«4(*3* »4)

Car. H. c.33. continued.

Rot. Parl.

16 k 17 C.//.•*. 7.

In Verdicts in the Courts at Westminster, or in Chester, Lancaster, Durham, or Great Sessions in Wales,

and vertue of the said Act, or any Article or Clause therein contained be forthwith and for ever hereafter superseded surseased stayed and discharged, And that none of the said Admiralls Vice-Admiralls Captaines or Officers of Shipps or Vessells Sea men or Mariners shall from henceforth by vertue force or colour of any Processe or Proceedings whatsoever in any of His Majestyes said Courts or elsewhere be in any wise arreasted disquieted questioned or troubled either in their Persons Lands or Goods for or by reason of the said Act or any thing therein contained. But that all and every the said Admiralls Vice-Admiralls Captaines and Officers of Shipps or Vessells and all Seamen and Marriners and every of them shall by vertue of this Act stand and be for ever discharged and acquitted in all Courts and Places, and of and from all Suites and Proceedings whatsoever sued or begun, or to be sued or begun against them or any of them for any manner of Prizes Shipps or Goods whatsoever by them or any of them seised surprized or any [wayes'] taken betwixt the said Thirtyeth of January One thousand six hundred forty two and the Nine and twentyeth of May One thousand six hundred sixty and of and from all Accompts [Troubles *] Articles and Suites whatsoever concerning the same, And that this Act shall be taken and expounded in the most large and beneficiall manner for the said Admiralls Vice-Admiralls Commanders Captaines and Officers of Shipps and Vessells and Sea-men and Marriners and every of them, and for their best advantage for the finall free and absolute acquitting and dischargeing of them and every of them of and from all the said Prizes and every part thereof, and all Shipps and Vessells and Goods whatsoever, or of what nature or kinde soever by them or any of them seised surprized or in any sort taken betwixt the said Thirtyeth of January One thousand six hundred forty two, and the said Nine and twentyeth of May One thousand six hundred sixty.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That this A3 or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any other persons whatsoever but onely the said Admiralls Vice-Admiralls Commanders Captaines of Shipps and Officers of Shipps or Vessells and Sea men and Marriners but that all and every Colle3ors and Treasurers Subcolle3ors and Undertreasurers of Prize-Goods Comis&ers and Sub Comissers of Prize-Goods and all and every their Casheers Deputyes Officers and Receivers other then such person or persons who are discharged by the A3 of Free and Generali Pardon Indempnitie and Oblivion that have not yet truely accompted or paid in the Provenues of the Prizes or Moneyes ariseing thereout seized or taken betwixt the said Thirtyeth of January One thousand six hundred forty two and the said Nine and twentyeth of May One thousand six hundred sixtie and all and every other person and persons by whom or to whom, or to or for whose use any Prizes or Prize-Shipps Plate Jewells Armes Ammunition Wares Merchandices or any manner of Goods whatsoever seised or taken for Prize betwixt the said Thirtyeth of January One thousand six hundred forty two, and the said Nine and twentyeth of May One thousand six hundred sixty were disposed or sold or to whose hands they came, and who had and enjoyed the same or any part thereof, and are still behinde and have not paid in the moneyes contracted for and ariseing or due upon such Sales or Dispositions or any of them, and all Securityes by them and every of them given for, or touching the premisses or any thing concerning the said Prizes or any of them shall be chargeable to Your Majestie for the said premisses and all the Dependences thereof respectively in the said Court of Admiralty or Exchequer, and shall be proceeded upon in the said Court of Admiralty or Exchequer in Your Majestyes Name and to and for Your Majestyes use according to the said A3 dire3ing the prosecution of such as are accomptable for Prize Goods and as fully and entirely as if this A3 had never beene, Any thing in this present A3 notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act for continuance of a former A3 for regulateing the Presse.

BEE it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirittiall and Tempo rail and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled That an Act made in the Fowerteenth yeare of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord the King that now is entituled An Act for preventing Abuses in printing seditious treasonable and unlicensed Bookes and Pamphlets and for regulateing of Printing and Printing Presses shall be continued and remaine in force untill the end of the next Session of Parlyament.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgement and superseding Executions.

WHEREAS great delay trouble and vexation hath beene and still is occasioned to the People of this Realme fr as well by arresting and reversing of Judgements as by staying Executions by Writts of Error and Supersedeas For remedy thereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That if any Verdi3 of Twelve Men shall be given in any A3ion Suite, Bill, or Demand to be commenced from and after the Five and twentyeth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and five in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Courts of Record in

A.D. 1664 <Sf 1665.

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 8.

557

the County€8 Palatine of Chester Lancaster or Durham or in His Majestyes Courts of the Great Sessions in any of the Twelve Shires of Wales Judgement thereupon shall not be stayed or reversed for defaulte in Forme or lacke of Forme or by reason that there are not Pledges or but one Pledge to prosecute returned upon the Originall Writt or because the Name of the Sheriffe is not returned upon such Originall Writt, or for defaulte of entring Pledges upon any Bill or Declaration, or for defaulte of alledgeing the bringing into Court of any Bond Bill Indenture or other Deed whatsoever mentioned in the Declaration or other Pleading or for defaulte of Allegation of the bringing into Court of Letters Testamentary or Letters of Administration or by reason of the omission of Vi et Armis or Contra Pacem, or for or by reason of the mistakeing of the Christian Name or Surname of the Plaintiffe or Defendant Demandant or Tennant, Summe or Summes of Money, Day, Moneth or Yeare [by the Clerke in any Bill Declaration or Pleading where the right Name Surname Sum Day Moneth or Yeare'] in any

Writt, Plaint, Roll or Record preceding, or in the same Roll or Record where the Mistake is committed is or

are once truely & [rightly1] alledged, whereuntothe Plaintiffe might have demurred and shewen the same for Cause, nor for want of the Averment of Hoc paratus est verificare, or Hoc paratus est verificare per Recordum, or for not alledgeing Prout patet per Recordum, or for that there is noe right Venue, soe as the Cause were tryed by a Jury of the proper County or Place where the Action is laid: Nor any Judgement after Verdict, Confession by Cognovit A&ionem or Reli&a Verificatione shall be reversed for want of Misericordia or Capiatur, or by reason

that a Capiatur is entred for a Misericordia, or a Misericordia is entred where a Capiatur ought to have beene

entred, Nor for that Ideo concessum est per Curiam is entred for ldeo consideratum est per Curiam, Nor for that the Increase of Costs after a Verdict in any Action or upon a Nonsuite in Replevin are not entred to be

at the request of the party for whom the Judgement is given, nor by reason that the Costs in any Judgement

whatsoever are not entred to be by consent of the Plaintiffe but that all such Ommissions Variances Defects and all other matters of like nature not being against the right of the matter of the Suite, nor whereby the Issue or Tryall are altered shall be amended by the Justices or other Judges of the Courts where such Judgements are or shall be given, or whereunto the Record is or shall be removed by Writt of Error,

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That this Act or any thing therein

contained shall not extend to any Writt Declaration or Suite of Appeale of Felony or Murther, nor to any

Indictment or Presentment of Felony Murder Treason or other matter, nor to any Processe upon any of them, nor to any Writt Bill Addon or Informadon upon any penall Statute other then concerning Customes and Subsidyes of Tonnage and Poundage Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That from and after the Twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand [six hundred1] sixty and sower noe Execudon shall be stayed in any of the aforesaid Courts by Writt of Error or Supersedeas thereupon after Verdict and Judgement thereupon in any Action personall whatsoever unlesse a Recognizance with Condition according to the Statute made in the Third yeare of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King James shall be first acknowledged in the Court where such Judgement shall be given, And further That in Writts of Error to be brought upon any Judgement after Verdict in any Writt of Dower or in any Action of Ejedione firme noe Execudon shall be thereupon or thereby stayed unlesse the Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes in such Writt of Error shall be bound unto the Plaintiffe in such Writt of Dower or Action of Ejedione firme in such reasonable Summe as the Court to which such Writt of Error shall be directed shall thinke fitt with condition that if the Judgement shall be affirmed in the said Writt of Error, or that the said Writt of Error be discontinued in defaulte of the Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes therein, or that the said Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes be Nonsuite in such Writts of Error that then the said Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes shall pay such Costs Dammages and Summe and Summes of Money as shall be awarded upon or after such Judgement affirmed Discontinuance or Nonsuite had.

Judgment not to be stayed, &c. for want of Form and other Mattera herein mentioned.

Nor Judgments after Verdict, Confession by Cog. A&. or Reu&. Verific. reversed for Matters herein mentioned.

n.

Certain Actions not remedied.

III.

In what Actions Executions shall not stay by Writ of Error without Recognizance under 3 Jac. I. c. 8.

In Dower and Ejectment, Plaintiff in Error to give Security for Costs, Damages, and Money awarded.

And to the end that the same Summe and Summes and Dammages may be ascertained, It is further enacted IV.

0 ; Writ of Inquiry of

That the Court wherein such Execution ought to be granted upon such Affirmation Discontinuance or Nonsuite Mesne Probtsand

shall issue a Writt to enquire aswell of the meane Proffitts as of the Dammages by any Waste committed after Damages.

the first Judgement in Dower or in Eje&ione firme. And upon the Retume * thereof Judgement shall be given and

Execution awarded for such Mesne Proffitts and Dammages and alsoe for Costs of Suite.

Provided That this A & nor any thing therein contained shall not extend to any Writt of Error to be brought by any Executor or Administrator, nor unto any Action Popular nor unto any other A&k>n which is or hereafter shall be brought upon any Penall Law or Statute (except Actions of Debt for not setting forth of Tythes) nor to any Indictment Presentment Inquisition Information or Appeale, Any thing herein before expressed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V.

Proviso for Writs of Error in Actions by Executors, Actions Popular, and on Penal Statutes, except for Tithes and Indi&ments, & c.

Provided alwayes That this Act shall continue in force for Three yeares and to the end of the next Session of Parlyament after the expiration of the said Three yeares and noe longer.

VL

Continuance ofA&.

1 interlined on the Roll.

7C

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 9, 10.

A.D. 1664 & 1665.

Rot. Pori.

i6&i7C.//.«f.8.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Chancellor of the Dutchy may empower Persons to receive Affidavits concerning Matters depending in the Dutchy Court.

II.

Commissioners Fee.

0. HU* II.

Recital of 15 Car. II. c. 1.

and that divers Gentlemen of the County had borrowed Money for repairing the said Roads;

and that certain Parts of the said Roads had been amended;

and that a certain Road in Hertfordshire was very ruinous.

The Toll for Hertfordshire continued for 21 Years.

II.

The former Commissioners to repair the said Road.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act to impower the Chauncellour of the Dutchy to grant Commissions for takeing Affidavits within the

Dutchy Liberty.

FOR the greater ease and benefit of the Inhabitants within the County Palatine of Lancaster and other places within severall other Countyes of this Kingdome within the Survey of the Court of Dutchy Chamber at Westminster in the takeing of Affidavits in the Countrey to be made use of, and read in Causes depending and to be depending within the said Court, Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestic by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authorise of the same That the Chauncellour of the said Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster for

the time being shall and may by one or more Commission or Commissions from time to time as need shall require

impower what and as many persons as he shall thinke fitt and necessary within the said County Palatine and other Dutchy Libertyes to take and receive all and every such Affidavit or Affidavits as any person or persons shall be willing and desireous to make before any of the persons soe impowered in, or concerning any cause matter or thing depending or hereafter to be depending in the said Court of Dutchy Chamber as Masters of Chauncery in Extraordinary doe use to doe, which said Affidavits shall be filed in the Office of the Clerke of the Court of the Dutchy and then be read and made use of in the said Court to all intents and purposes as other Affidavits taken in the said Court now are.

Provided That for the takeing of every such Affidavit the person or persons soe impowered and takeing the

same shall for soe doeing receive onely the Summe or Fee of Twelve pence and noe more.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for continuance of a former AS for repairing the Highwayes within the County of Hertford (*)

WHEREAS by a late Act of Parliament entituled An Act for repairing the Highwayes within the Countyes of Hertford Cambride and Huntington It was enacted That for the repairing of the aundent Highway and Poast road, leading from London to Yorke and from London into Lincolneshire, there should be a Toll paid at a certaine place in every of the said [severall andrespeftive Countyes, and for Hertfordshire at Wades Mill in the said County, Which said Toll so set is by the said Act to continue the [space *] of eleaven yeares and no longer, with this Provision that if the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions in the respective Countyes shall before the expiration of eleaven yeares, adjudge the said Repayres to be sufficiently done, that from thenceforth it should cease And whereas divers Gentlemen within the County of Hertford have hardly set themselves to take care for

the repairing of the said wayes within their County, And in order thereunto finding that Money could not be

advanced by the Toll in so speedy a manner as to repayre those ruinous wayes. And that none would lend their Money on that Security did upon their owne creditts borrow Thirteen hundred pounds on Interest, to effect the worke intended by the said Act, which sume accordingly is layd out together with such Money as hath proceeded from the Toll before mentioned in the repayre of the said Highway, by which meanes they have so amended the said Road, lying in that County, leading from London to Yorke, that they have made the same from a Road impassable, to be to the satisiaftion of all that travell that way very passable and convenient, But by reason of the great sume expended and layd out so borrowed as aforesaid, the Toll will not be sufficient to repaye the same within the yeares mentioned in the former Act with Interest for the same and to finish the said worke, And whereas there is a Road in the said County of Hertford that leads from London to Cambridge and so into Norffolke and likewise to Newmarkett and so into Suffolke, and other parts which goes out of the forementioned Road at the end of the Towne of Puckeridge, and so leadeth to Barly in the said County of

Hertford, which is very ruinous and requires as much the helpe of the Toll in many places as the forementioned

Road did May it therefore please Your Majesty that it be enacted And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the C5mons in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same That the Toll aforementioned to be taken at Wades Mill for the County of Hertford, that by the former Act was to continue for eleaven yeares and no longer, shall continue for the said County of Hertford for the space of One and twenty yeares and no longer the said Terme to comence from the time mentioned in the Act beforementioned, and the Money arising therefrom to be imployed for the payment of the Debt aforesaid with Interest, and also for further repaire of the said Highway

And it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the persons impowered in the forementioned Act for the repayre of the Highwayes within the County of Hertford shall have the same power to repayre the said Highwayes leading from Puckeridge to Barly in the said County, as they have to repayre the Highway in the said County leading from London to Yorke, And that they shall and may apply such part of the Toll thereunto (having an equall care of both Highwayes) as they in their Judgments shall finde needfull. Any thing in the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding,

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office.

4 interlined.

A.D. 1664 »1665. 16" & 17° Car. II. c. 10, 11

559

And whereas by the former recited Act a Toll was erected and set to be taken at the Towne of Caxton in the County of Cambridge, for and towards the repairing the Highwayes in the said Countie, The said Toll doth prove useles and will not answer the end for which the same was intended, by reason of the Inconveniency of the place where the same was sett Bee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Toll be and is hereby removed from the said Towne of Caxton unto Arrington Bridge or the Towne of Arrington, as shall seeme most convenient, by the Justices of the Peace of the said County at their next Easter Generali Quarter Session of the Peace in the Countie aforesaid. And that the same Toll shall be taken and received at Arrington Bridge or Arrington Towne aforesaid, according to the Rates and by the same wayes and meanes as in the former Act was appointed and declared. And to be imployed to the uses purposes and intents therein also declared, Any thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwayes That all and every person and persons who by Law are chargeable towards the repairing of the said Highwayes and places aforesaid shall still remaine so chargeable, and pay six pence in the pound yearely according to the true value of their Estates for and towards the repayre of the said Highwayes during the time of the continuance of this Toll, Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Collector of this Toll, shall weekly account to the Receivor Generali for the whole Money received by virtue of this or the said former Act, And the next Justice of the Peace for the said County shall hereby have power to give an Oath to the said Collectors for the making of a true and perfect account of the Money so received, which said account so made shalbe returned into the next Generali Quarter Sessions to be held for the said County, by the Justice of Peace before whom such Oath was taken

Provided also That if at any tyme before the expiration of the said terme of one and twenty yeares the said Highwayes shall be well and sufficiently amended and repayred and so adjudged at the publique Quarter Sessions for the County of Hertford, And that such sume or sumes of Money as is already borrowed and layd out or shall be borrowed and layd out for the use aforesaid be repayd with Interest for the same, That from and after such Adjudication made and repayment of such Money so borrowed and layd out as aforesaid, the aforesaid Toll in the said County shall cease and determine.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Highwayes within the said County of Hertford shall be sufficiently amended, And that the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions shall feyle to make an Adjudication thereof, That then in such default of the said Justices of the Peace, It shall and may be lawfull to and for the Justices of Assize for the said County of Hertford to make such Adjudication, which being entred with the Clerke of the Assizes shall be esteemed a good Adjudication of the amendment of the said Highwayes, And that then and from thenceforth the said Debt being fully satisfyed to such as shall have advanced any Moneys thereupon, the said Toll shall cease and determine, Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[And whereas in this psent Act it is provided That all and e$ie person and persons who by Lawe are cbardgeable towards the repayring of the said High wayes and places aforesaid shall still remaine soe chardgeable and pay sixe pence in the pound yearely according to the true valewe of their Estates for and towards the repaire of the said High wayes during the time of the continuance of the said Toll Bee it therefore provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the aforesaid summe of sixe pence in the pound shall bee payd unto the Thresurer appointed to receive the aforesaid Toll in like manner as the said Toll is appointed to bee payd by th'aforesaid Act And for default of paym* of the said Rate of sixe pence in the pound in manner as aforesaid by the space of sixe dayes after demaund made That it shall and may bee lawfull for the Surveyo" of the High wayes for the time being And they are heereby impowred to levy the same by Distresse and sale of the Goods of the party refusing to pay the same accordingly, restoring the o^plus (if any bee) to the owner

HI.

Cambridgeshire Toll removed from Caxton to Arrington Bridge.

IV.

Persons chargeable to repair the said Highways are to pay their Rates.

V.

Collectors to account weekly. Account to be on Oath,

and returned to Quarter Sessions.

VI.

The Toll to cease, if the Money borrowed be sooner levied.

VII.

In default of Justices of Peace, Judges of Asoze may adjudge the Money to be levied, &c.

VIII. The Rate to be paid to a Treasurer.

Surveyors of the Highways may levy by Distress.

CHAPTER XL

An Act for drayning of the Fenn called Deeping Fenn and other Fenns therin mentioned. (*)

XX THERE AS at a Session of Sewers holden at Bourne in the County of Lincolne the Twentieth day of Recital of an Order VV August in the One and fortieth yeare of the Raigne of Queene Elizabeth for the Recovery and dreyning of certaine Fennes in Holland and Kesteven in the County of Lincolne called or knowne by the names of Deeping 2^August Fenn Pinchbecke and Spalding South Fenn Thurlby Fenn Bourne South Fenn and Croyland Fenn afs Goggushland 41

It was by the Commissioners then and there assembled ordered and decreed That the Summe of Twelve thousand pounds should be levyed and gathered upon the Lords and Inhabitants of certaine Townes in Kestiven and Holland Commoners in the said Fennes for drayning the same and should bee paid in to certaine persons therin nominated to receive the same at or before the Tenth day of September then next ensueing which said summe being negdefted to be paid the said Fenns by reason therof could not bee drayned according to the Forme by the said Law intended

1 annexed to the Act in a separate Schedule.

8 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office.

560

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1664 ® 1

another Order, that Thomas Lovell Esquire should be admitted to undertake the draining of Deeping Fen.

The said Orders confirmed by Parliament, i Jac. I. pr.

Recital that the said Thomas Lovell entered on the said Lands;

and that by the Neglect of the Assigns of the said Thomas Lovell the said Lands, and also other Lands in Holland, have been overflowed.

The said former Decrees and A & of Parliament repealed, except as herein mentioned.

II.

Recital that the Earl of Berkshire, Lord Andover, &c. have formerly held and derived Title, by Conveyances from William late Earl of Exeter and Elizabeth late Countess of Exeter, in the said third Part of the Lands so allotted to the said Thomas Lovell, and other Proportions, and that the said Earl, &c. had expended great Sums of Money in draining, and are ready, as herein mentioned, to complete the same. Edward Earl of Manchester and others named Undertakers to drain the Fens.

What they undertake to do.

The said Com" therefore well tendering the great proffitt that would arise to all persons concerned and to the Comonwealth in generall if the same might be drained At severall Sessions of Sewers held at Markett Deeping the Twentieth day of September in the said One and fortieth yeare of Queene Elizabeth and at Market Deeping aforesaid the Twentieth day of August in the Two and fortyeth yeare of the Raigne of the said Queene did ordaine and decree That the said Fennes and Marsh Grounds should be forthwith taken in hand to be drayned And that Thomas Lovell Esq (a man skilfull in workes of that nature) should be admitted to undertake the same under the Covenants therm mentioned. And in pursuance therof the said Thomas Lovell did undertake the said Workes and made some progress therin And afterwards one third part of the said severall Fennes were by the said Commissioners of Sewers sett out by Meets and Bounds and allotted to the said Thomas Lovell in recompence of his costs charges and endeavours applyed and expended therin, And after the said third part was by the [sd1] Com" of Sewers decreed to the said Thomas Lovell and his Heires in recompence of his said worke of drayning and of his charges and expences therin To have and to hold to the said Thomas Lovell his Heires and Assignes for ever And whereas by an Act of Parliament made at Westminster in the First yeare of King James entituled An Act for releife of Thomas Lovell Esq, the above recited Decrees of Sewers were ratified and confirmed and the said third part of the said Fenns and Marsh Grounds as they were allotted and sett out by the said Comisiers were by the said Act ordained enacted and established to be held by the said Thomas Lovell his Heires and Assignes for ever under the Provisoes Conditions and Appointments in the said Decrees and AS of Parliament mentioned and expressed as by the said Act of Parlyament and Decrees of Sewers more fully may appeare And whereas the said Thomas Lovell immediately after the makeing the said Act of Parlyament entered into the said Lands sett out and assigned as a third part of the said severall Fennes and by vertue of the said Decrees and Act of Parliament became seised therof and he and his Heires and Assignes have ever since till of late yeares held and enjoyed the same untill (by some negcleft in the Assignes of the said Thomas Lovell and Fayler in the maintaining scowering and cleansing the said Banckes Rivers Sewers and other Workes necessary thereunto) occasioned by some differences arising betweene the said Assignes of the said Thomas Lovell and the Lords Owners and Commoners of the said Fennes about the enjoyment of some additional! recompence alloted to the said Assignes of the said Thomas Lovell by a subsequent Law of Sewers (made at Spalding) not onely the said Fenns and Marsh Grounds are returned into their auncient condition of being burtfully surrounded and annoyed with Waters but a great and considerable part of some adjacent Townes of Holland have beene overflowed and laid desolate and many Habitac&ns and Families who formerly lived comfortably there, utterly ruined and destroyed thereby and yet continue in manifest danger in all seasons of wett weather and floods to fall into the said calamities Which great mischeife is by long and indubitable experience found to arise principally from severall imperfections in the said Decrees & Act of Parliament To the end therfore that the said Country being in its owne nature very rich and fertile, and wherin the King and Queenes Mafye His Mother have large Possessions (and many auntient Families and Inhabitants their whole subsistance) may not longer remaine in such manifest danger of being utterly lost nor the Commonwealth continue longer deprived of those advantages which would arise from the performance of the said Workes Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestye by and with the consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authority of the same That the said Decrees and Act of Parliament above mentioned and every Clause Article and thing therin contained other then such as are herein after mentioned enacted ratified and confirmed shall be and are hereby repealed and made void to all intents and purposes whatsoever

And in as much as the Right Honb,e Thomas Earle of Berkshire and the Lady Elizabeth his Wife and Charles Lord Howard of Charlton comonly called the Lord Viscount of Andover their Eldest Sonne and Heire Apparent The Right Honourable Robert Lord Bruce Baron of Whariton in the Kingdome of England and Earle of Elgin in the Kingdome of Scotland and the Lady Diana his Wife The Right Honourable Anne Countesse of Stamford and Thomas Lord Grey of Groby have formerly held and derived to themselves with Remainders over to severall other Persons by severall Conveyances from or under the Right Honourable William late Earle of Exeter and Elizabeth late Countesse of Exeter or one of them severall Interests in the said third part of the said Lands allotted to the said Lovell his Heires and Assignes and to other proportions by subsequent Decrees of Sewers and towards the drayning and maintaining therof they the said Right Honourable William late Earle of Exeter and Elizabeth late Countesse Dowager of Exeter under whom or one of whom they dayme, and Thomas late Earle of Exeter from whom the said William late Earle and Elizabeth late Countesse Dowager of Exeter derived their Title have expended severall great Summes of Money but have not soe fully effected the said Workes nor introduced those Benefitts & Advantages which were expected And for reason doe alleadge that the third part and subsequent Allotments are not recompence sufficient to answere the charge of a more perfect performance of the said Worke but offer to proceed and perfectly to effect the same if they may have a suffident recompence and compensation for their Hazard Charge and Paines therin Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That Edward Earle of Manchester Lord Chamberlaine of His Majesties Household William Earle of Devonshire John Lord Berkley of Stratton Anchatill Grey Esquire Henry Grey Esquire and their Heires and Assignes and the Survivour of them shall bee and are hereby declared to be the Undertakers for the drayning of the said Fenns and every of them in trust to and for such person and persons and to such Intents and purposes as are herein after mentioned, And that within the space of Seaven yeares next ensueing they their Heires and Assignes shall and will at their proper Costs and Charges recover and make dry the said Fennes and every of them and make the same firme and depasturable for Catle at all times of the yeare except Two or three hundred Acres or therabouts in the said

A.D. 1664> & 1

16° & IT0 Car. II. c. 11.

561

Fenns called Deeping Fenn and Goggisland, and Forty Acres or thereabouts in the said Fenns called Thurlby Fenu and Bourne South Fenn which are to be left for Lakes and Sykes for the receipt of Waters within the same And alsoe except such Draines and Sewers as now be or hereafter shall be made within the said Feans or any of them for the draining therof, and soe much of the Grounds adjoyning to the Rivers Draynes and Severs within the said Fenns as lye or shall lye betweene the said Rivers Draynes or Sewers and the Banckes made or to be made for keeping the Waters lyeing in the said Rivers Draines or Sewers from overflowing the rest of the said Fenns And alsoe shall for ever hereafter at their owne Costs and Charges not onely repaire exalt maintain and keepe as need shall require the Banckes environing and encompassing the said Fenns and every of them but alsoe the Bancke on the East side of the River of Welland from a place in Crowland called Brother House to Spalding High Bridge, And alsoe the Bancke on the North side of the River Gleane from Gutheram Coate to a place called Dovehurne in Pinchbecke and therof and of all and every the said Bancks above named shall for ever hereafter exonerate acquitt discharge and save harmelesse as well the Kings Majestye His rfelres and Successors as the Queene Dowager her Tennants and Under Tennants and all other person and persons theire Heires and Assignes of and for their repairing and amending of their several 1 parts and allotments of the same but alsoe that they the said Trustees theire Heires and Assignes, and the Survivor of them at theire owne propel Costs and Charges shall for ever maintaine and keepe the Rivers of Gleane and Welland with sufficient Dyking Roading Scowering and Bancking (viz1) The River of Welland from the Outgang at the East end of East Deeping leading into the said Fenns unto the Outfall therof into the Sea, And to preserve and maintaine the Navigation therof without Imposition or paying any thing whatsoever for the same but with liberty to alter and divert the Course and Channel! of the same into any other part or parts of the said Fenns before it cometh to the said Comer of Deeping Fenn abutting upon Hawthorne Bancke from whence through the said Towne of Spalding as it now passeth to the Sea it shall not be lawfull to divert the Course therof And with like liberty to divert the [sd1] River of Gleane before it cometh to the place called Pinchbecke Barres or Dovehurne in Pinchbecke from which place called Dovehurne through the said Towne [and the Towne1] of Surflett as it now passeth to the Sea it shall not be lawfull to divert the same or prejudice the Navigation therof And all manner of Draines Sewers and Passages for Waters, and other Waterworkes whatsoever which now are or hereafter shall be made within or without the said Fennes for the draining of the said Fenns or any of them which shall be necessary to be made or continued in order to the preserving the said Fenns from surrounder And therof and of all and every the said Rivers to discharge exonerate acquitt and save harmeles as well the Kings and the said Queenes Majesties His Heires and Successors their Tennants and Undertennants as all other person and persons their Heires and Assignes of and for the repairing and amending of their severall parts and allotments in them and every of them

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivor of them shall at their owne proper Costs and Charges make sett downe and maintaine such reasonable and convenient Bridges w* Gates unto the same in widenes not exceeding twelve Foote being well and sufficiently raised or walled against the sides as well over any Draine or Ditch now made or hereafter to be made wherby passage may be had into the Fenns in such and soe many fitt and convenient places as shall be thought fitt and ordered by any six Commissioners of Sewers for the said County of Lyncolne in their publique and open Sessions and the same shall for ever keepe and maintaine for convenient and ready passage with Carts and Carriages and all sorts of Catle into and forth of the said Fenns and every of them

And it is further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivor of them for the better draining and keeping dry of the aforesaid Fenns shall and may at their wills and pleasures desert or maintaine and continue all such Draynes as now are in the said Fenns or any of them at the old or accustomable widenes and breadth or otherwise enlarge the same at their will and pleasure within the said Fennes And likewise may at their will and pleasure make any new Draines Ditches and Sewers within the said Fenns or any of them or without towards the Sea of what quantity depth or widenes they shall thinke best which Draynes and every of them shall have liberty to run above the Soyle soe as the waters of the same be kept within the Banckes of the severall and respective Draynes now made or hereafter to bee made except soe much of the said waters as unavoidable shall soke through the Banckes for which alsoe satisfaction is to be made to any person or persons suffering damage thereby as shall be awarded by the said Commissioners of Sewers or any Six of them in their open Sessions soe as the Inhabitants of Spalding and Pinchbecke may have a libertie to sett downe and stopp such Sluces Tunnells and Gages of Water [and Locks1] as are or shall be made upon any the said Rivers and Draines (except the said Rivers of Welland Gleane and the Westlode) at such time or times as two Commissioners of Sewers for the parts of Holland shall judge seasonable and necessary for the dfayning of their In-grounds Provided the same exceed not two Monthes in the yeafe

And if at any time or times hereafter for ever any of the Bancke or Bancks of the Drayne or Draynes1 now or hereafter to bee made for the drayning of the said Fenns or preservation of the said Country happen to breake or be overflowne wherby the waters have issue, and fail into any the severall Lands of any the Townes in the Wapentake of Elloe that immediately upon such breach or overflowing it shall and may be lawfull for all or any the Dikereeves Officers or other Inhabitans of any the Townes in Elloe aforesaid to sett downe the Clowe of such Drayne or Draines or otherwise to stopp the same till the Banckes therof soe breaking or overflowed from time to time bee sufficiently repaired strengthened and heigthened

The Undertaker^ to maintain the Banks for ever f

and to cleanse Glean and Welland Rivers, and keeff them Navigable.

What Streams thef may divert.

To acquit all other Persons of the draining and repairing.

IIL

The said Trustees to make and maintain Bridges with Gatelr over the drained IrSindfi

IV.

May desert, widen, and continue Drains} Sewers, and Ditches at their Pleasure;

making Satisfa£boO to Persons suffering Damage.

inhabitants of Spalding may set down and stop Sluices, Tunnels, &c. (Exception) as two Commissioners oi Sewers inHolland may judge necessary.

V.

Wapentake ofEHoc being overflowed, may stop Drains, fltc. till Banks repaired

7t>

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1664

VI.

Glean and Welland Riven to be kept navigable.

VII.

If the said Trustees fail to repair Banks, who shall do it.

The said Trustees to pay for the same, 8c c.

upon a Note in Writing under the Hands of Two Commissioners of Sewers

what such Notes are to contain.

Remedy for the Money against the said'] trustees.

Distress.

Proceedings

thereon.

VIII. Banks of Dozens and Hawthorne, fcc. how to be repaired

at the Costs of the said Trustees.

IX.

In what case the said Trustees to satisfy for Losses to particular Persons by overflowings;

to be awarded by Six Commissioners of Sewers for Holland.

Remedy to recover such Satisfaction.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Currents or Channells of the River of Gleane and Welland and the Westlode shall not be diverted or turned into any other Trad or Course whatsoever (that is to say) from a place called Dovehume in Pinchbecke to the Outfall and from a Bancke in Spalding called Hawthorne bancke to the Outfall, but shall be kepte navigable as formerly they were downe to the Sea,

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Goole or Gooles Breach or Breaches Overflowing or Overflowings of waters shall happen at any time hereafter to be in over or through any of the said Bancks made or to be made within the said Fenns for the defence and preservacbn of the same other then the Bancke called the Dozenes and the Bancke called Hawthorne bancke to the surrounding or annoyance of the said Fenns or any part of them within their Charge as aforesaid and the same be not amended by the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them within Tenn dayes after such Breach Goole or Overflowing that [then1] it shall and may be lawfull to and for any the Dykereeves or Surveyors of Sewers in Spalding or Pinchbecke or any of the other Townes in the Wapentake of Nesse or Elloe in the said County of Lincolne where the said Breach or Breaches Goole or Gooles Overflowing or Overflowings of waters shall happen to be forthwith and immediately (after the said Tenn dayes) to repaire the same at the onely Costs and Charges of them the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them. All which said Summe or Summes of Money soe by the said Dykereeves and Surveyours of Sewers or any of them expended in and about the takeing repairing and amending of any such Breach or Breaches Goole or Gooles Overflowing or Overflowings of waters in or over the said Bancke or Banckes respectively they the 6aid Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them shall pay or cause to be paid to the said Dykereeve or Dikereeves [Surveyor or Surveiors1] soe expending the same upon a Noate delivered in writing to the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them [their1] Tennants or Undertennants Servants or Agents or any of them by the said Dykereeve or Dykereeves Surveyour or Surveyours testified under the hands of Two Commissioners of Sewers one being of the Quorum containing as well the Names of the Labourers that repaired the said Breach or Breaches Goole, or Gooles Overflowing or Overflowings as the Wages paid to them and the Rates and Prizes of all other necessary charges imployed and bestowed in and about the same with their convenient Salary and Wages for their paines in that behalfe at the discretion of Two such Commissioners as aforesaid the which if the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them or their Tennants or Undertennants Agents or Servants shall refuse or negcleft to doe that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Officers or persons or any of them that shall make up any such Breach or Breaches Goole or Gooles Overflowing or Overflowings or sustaine such damages as aforesaid to enter into the said Third part of the said Fenns or into the Five thousand Acres addidonall recompence herein after given by this present Act or into any part therof and to distraine and impound the Horses Beasts Sheepe or Goods and Chattells of them the said Trustees their Hey res and Assignes, or the Survivor of them or any Tennant or Tennants Farmer or Farmers Occupier or Occupiers of all or any part of the said Third part and of the said Five thousand Acres And from and after the Fourth day of the said Distresse and Impoundment (in case the said Sume or Sumes soe expended and demanded be not then paid) Sale therof to make without allowance

of Replevin and with the Money therupon ariseing to pay and sadsfie all summes of money for the said Workes

expended and to be allowed as abovesaid rendering the Overplus to the Owner if any Overplus be over and above the Charges aforesaid and Charges of keeping

Provided alwayes and bee it further enabled That if any Breach Goole Hole or Holes or flowing of waters shall happen to be in over or through the said Bancke called the Dozens the said Bancke called Hawthorne bancke the said Bancke called the East Bancke the said Bancke on the North side of the River Gleane or any other Bancke made or to be made without the said Fennes by the said Trustees their Heyres or Assignes or yc Survivor of

them for or in order to the draining of the said Fenns That then and in every such case It shall and may be

lawfull to and for the Dykereeves and Surveyours of Sewers in Pinchbecke*and Spalding or any of the Townes in the Wapentake of Nesse or Elloe aforesaid where the said Breach Goole or flowing shall bee forthwith and immediately to repaire the same at the Costs and Charges of the said Trustees their Heyres and Assignes, or the Survivor of them to be had and leavyed in manner and forme as is before expressed and declared for or concerning the said Banckes environing or made or to be made for the draining or preservation of the said Fenns

And bee it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if it fortune that at any time hereafter by the negligence of the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them in not sufficiently maintaining scowering dikeing or cleansing of any Rivers Banckes Sewers or Draynes whatsoever which now are or hereafter shall be made for drayning of the said Fenns and securing of the Country or that by any inconvenient placeing setting cutting or making of any Drayne Gote or Sluce upon the same that the Country or any private or perdcular person receive losse or harme thereby That the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them or some of them shall make such recompence & satisfaccftn for the same to every person and persons sustaining any Damage thereby as six Commissioners of Sewers for the said part of Holland wherof Three to bee of the Qjioru shall award and appoint under their Hands and Seales (if the said Lords Adventurers their Heires or Assignes shall not have otherwise satisfied the same) which if they the said Lords Adventurers their Heires or Assignes shall negdeft to pay and satisfie to the person and persons sustaining the same their Executors or Assignes by the space of Twenty dayes after demand made therof to them the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them or the Agents Tennants or Undertenants of them That then and from thenceforth it shall and may be

A.D.\66i & 1665.

16° & IT Car. II. c. 11

563

lawfull to and for every such person and persons sustaining the same Damage their Hares Executors Administrators mud Assignee and every of them respectively to enter into the same Third part and into the said Five thousand Acres and every or any part therof and to leavy the same Damages soe as aforesaid awarded and appointed by Distresse and ode of the Goods and Chattells of them the said Trustees their Heires and Assignee or the Survivour of them or any Tennant or Tennants Farmer or Farmers Occupier or Occupiers of all or any part of the said Third part of the said Fenns or the said five thousand Acres and present Sale therof to make after the fowerth day of Impoundment (and payment of such money then not made) without allowance of Replevin rendering the Overplus to the Owner if any Overplus there be And if the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them or any of them shall thinke it necessary for the inlargment of any old Drayne River or Bancke out of the said Fenns above that which formerly they were or for making any new Drayne River or

Bancke or cutt or cover the severall Soyle of any person or persons That then the said Trustees their Heires and

Assignes or the Survivour of them shall compound and agree with the Owner or Owners therof, (if they can agree) And if they cannot agree that the value of the Damage shall be sett downe by six of the Commissioners of Sewers wherof three to be of the Quorum and the money shall be paid or tendered before such time as the said Soyle shall be cutt or covered and upon payment or tender of the said money it shall be lawfull for them to cutt or cover the said Soyle for makeing the said Draynes Rivers or Bancks.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said

Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them to pull up any Cart bridges of Wood or Stone or any Foote or Horse bridges Clowes or Water bridges that now lye over the said two Rivers of Gleane and Welland the Rivers of Westloade and Starr fengraft Vematts or any of them, or any other Drayne that be too strait or narrow or otherwise may hinder the course & passage of the waters in the said Rivers or of any Drayne to be devised by the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them and alsoe to pull up all Weares and Purprestures in the said Rivers and Draynes that hinder the passage of the water Provided that they shall forthwith sufficiently build and make againe at their owne proper Costs and Charges the great Bridge over Spalding River (commonly called the High Bridge) of Lime and Stone and all such other Cart bridges Horse bridges Clowes or Water bridges of Lime Stone or Timber respectively as the former were which have beene

or shall be soe pulled downe to be enlarged or made wider And that all and every the auncient Bridges 8c Tunnells

under and over any of the Rivers and Draynes and every of them be repaired and for ever maintained at the

charges of them the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them And if it shall happen the

said Bridges or any of them shall not be made or repaired by the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them in convenient time according to the true intent or meaning of this Act That then it shall and may bee lawfull to and for the Comissers of Sewers in their publique Sessions from time to time to order and decree how much or what sume or summes of money shall or may be necessary or fitting to be raised for effecting the same. And if after notice of the said Determinations of the said Commissioners by a Noate in writing under the hand of the Clerke of the Sewers given to the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them they shall not pay or cause the same soe adjudged to be paid within thirty dayes after such notice That then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said CoiS" of Sewers by their Warrants to levy the same by Distresse and sale of the Goods and Catle levant and couchant upon any the Lands within the said Fenns hereby vested and setled in the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them. And if it shall fall out that the said High Bridge over Spalding River be not finished before the Five and twentieth of March One thousand six hundred seaventy That then the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them shall forfeit the full and just summe of One hundred and fifty pounds to Peircy Church Esq* his Executors or Assignes which shall and may be raised by the CoS'* of Sewers for the time being [at their Publique Sessions1] by sale of part of the said Third part of the said Fennes or of the said Three thousand five hundred Acres herein mentioned and be by them accordingly paid over to the said Peircy Church his Executors or Assignes, and the person and persons and their Heires to whom such Sale shall be made shall and may for ever then after hold and enjoy the same by vertue of such Sale and of this present Act Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding

And bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That for the better preservation of the said Bancks environing the said Fenns or made within the said Fenns for defence of the same it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them to cutt the Ground lyeing betweene the Outring Banckes and the said Rivers or either of them to take earth manure and litter for the repairing the said Bancks soe often as need shall require or to them shall seeme meete and convenient soe that such cutting be not extended or made above six score foote distant from the said Banckes and to erect make and keepe such and soe many sufficient Barrs and Slakers and in such places as shall seeme most fitt and convenient to the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them the Slakers to take off the Surplusage of Waters, and the Barrs to hinder the passage of Horsemen and Drifts of Catle over the same Banckes in the times hereafter prohibited

And to the end that the Bancks should not be impaired by Horsemen Drifts of Sheepe Horses Beasts and other Catle It is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe person or persons whatsoever (except as hereafter is excepted) shall at any time or times hereafter in any yea re betweene Michaelmas day and the first day of May drive or cause to be driven any Horses Oxen Sheepe or any other kinde of Catle over or upon any [of1]

Distress.

No Replevin.

Cutting in soother Mas's Land.

Damage set down by Six Commissioners of Sewers.

X.

Power to Trustees to pull up Bridges, Wears, and Purprestures,

but to rebuild the great Bridge over SpaldingRiver, and to make other new Bridges;

and repair them for ever.

In case of Default of Trustees,

Commissioners of Sewers may make Distress.

If Snalding Bridge not finished before S5th March 1670, Penalty on Trustees.

XI.

Power to Trustees to take Earth, Arc. for repairing Banks.

XII.

Cattle driven over the Banks in Winter (Exception) to pay Toll.

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 11.

A.DXe^i tf 1665.

the said Banckes without first paying to them the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them after the rate of Foure pence for every Score of Sheepe and for every other Beast the sume of Fewer pence which they their Heires and Assignes are hereby authorized to demand and receive

XIII. Provided neverthelesse and bee it enacted That all and every the Lords Owners and Commoners of or in all

to'pasTfree. or any part of the said Fenns shall have free libertie at all times of the year© for them their Horses Servants and Cade to passe and repasse upon any Bancke or Banckes Drove or Droves in or * compassing the said Fenns Exception. without paying any thing for soe doeing if such person or persons claiming such freedome doe not usually buy

Sheepe or Cade and trade that way to London with such Cade or Sheepe as are not of theire owns feeding for a Moneth before.

XIV.

Times and Places at which Persons keeping Horse Boats at Cropland, &Ci may land Horsemen with their Horses, See. Penalty.

XV.

Swine ringed or unringed not to be put between the Banks, &c.

Swine put in Fens to be ringed; Penalty.

And bee it enacted by the Autfiorty aforesaid That noe person or persons whatsoever keeping a Horse boate either at Croyland Cloote Deeping Baston Eastcoate Pinchbecke Spalding or Cowbett shall land any Horsemen with their Horses or Cade upon any the said Banckes at any time hereafter betweene Michaelmas day and the first day of May, but at Waldrome Hall Baston Spout Dovehume Cloote or Croyland without licence first therunto had and obtained from the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them upon paine and forfeiture to bee made and paid for every Horse and neate Beast six pence and for every score of Sheepe fewer pence to the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them, And that noe manner of person or persons shall draw any Boate on or over any the Banckes in or compassing the said Fenns but in such place* onely as are or shall be appointed for that purpose,

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Swine of what sort soever ringed or unringed be putt upon the said Fennes or any of them betweene the said Bancks and the Weare ditches but that they shall be putt into the Fenns at usuall places where other Cade are putt in And that the Swine there soe putt shall be ringed upon paine of every Hogg soe found unringed to forfeit to them the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them the summe of Two pence for every time soe found to be leavyed by Distresse and impounding of such Hogg or Hoggs

XVI.

The Trustees not to hare Common but in their Lots;

They are to keep the Poor dwelling within their Lots.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them their or any of their Tenants Farmers or Groundholders of any part of the said Third part or of the said Fenn or of the said five thousand Acres shall not have, any time hereafter use or claime any Common of P&sture or other Comonage or Pasturing in any part of the remainder of the said Fenns nor any of them nor in the North Fenn of Pinchbecke and Spalding nor any part therof by vertue or pretence of his or [their '} resiance there, But all and every the Inhabitants that may hereafter be upon any part of the said Third part, or upon any part of the said Five thousand Acres and are not able to maintaine themselves shall be maintained and kept by the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes and the Survivour of them and never become chargable in any kinde to all or any the respective Parishes wherin such Inhabitant or Inhabitants shall reside or dwell Any Statute or Law to the contrary hereof notwithstanding

XVII.

No Water let out of Glean or Welland, but by License from said Trustees, or by Order of Six Commissioners of Sewers.

Abuse of Tunnels prevented.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe water shall be lett or taken out of the Rivers of Gleane or Welland or any other the said Drayne or Draynes by any Sluce Cutt or Tunnell without the licence of the sd Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them or by order of six ComisSers of Sewers who likewise are to take care that such Cutt or Cutts made for the taking therof shall be made up againe at the charge of such person or persons for whose benefitt the same were made, but for necessary household uses, by such as now lye by some Law of Sewers already setied And in case any abuse of the said Tunnells happen to bee that then the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them their Servants or Agents shall have power immediately to stopp the same

XVIII. Inhabitants of Pinchbeck and Spalding to have the use of Blewgate Sluice,

XIX. Dozens Drain to be enlarged.

And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Inhabitants of Pinchbecke and Spalding shall for ever hereafter have the use of a certaine Gote or Sluce called Blewgote and the Drayne leading thereto, soe as the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes shall not be putt to any charge for the repairing or maintaining of the same

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Loads or Drayne under the Dozens from Baston bancke to Winsoever be ditched Two hundred Foote more inward into the said Fenns then now it is and the earth laid on that side of the Banke next the Towne of Pinchbecke,

Rew d^Trust AnD ^ * ^m*ier by the Authority aforesaid That for and in conridera£6n of all the moneyes allready

for doing the Mid expended in and about the Drayning of the said Fennes and in consideration of the doeing and performing of the Worlw* Workes aforesaid hereafter to be done and of all and every of them about the recovering ining & draining of the

said Fenns and every of them that they the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them shall from henceforth have hold peaceably occupy and enjoy to them their Heires and Assignes in Fee simple for ever the said Third part of all the said Fenns and Marshes formerly assigned to the said Thomas Lovell his Heires and Assignes as alaoe Three thousand five hundred acres added and allotted by a Decree of Sewers made at Spalding in the said Fenns and one thousand Acres out of that part of the said Fenns formerly taken in for the

1 interlined.

A.D. 1664 1665.

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 11.

565

Queened Improvement and five hundred Acres more to be taken proportionably out of the residue of the said Fenns in Kesdven and Holland next adjoyning to the said three thousand five hundred Acres which three thousand five hundred Acres and one thousand Acres and five hundred Acres last mentioned are to be demeasured by Statute measure by two Artists and sett out by them at the charge of the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them one to be chosen by the Commissioners of Sewers of Kesdven and Holland and one other by the said Undertakers but upon the Trusts hereafter mencftned that is to say as touching & concerning Eight thousand thirty six Acres therof mentioned in a Schedule annexed to an Indenture of Fiveteenc parts dated the second of August One thousand six hundred fifty made betweene Elizabeth Countesse Dowager of Exeter and others therin named and Two thousand Acres more to be indifferently sett out within six Monethes after the passing [of1] this Act amounting in the whole to Tenn thousand thirty six Acres in trust that the said Trustees their Heires & Assignes or the Survivour of them shall grant and convey the same to such person or persons or for such Estates in Fee simple or otherwise in such manner as the said Thomas Earle of Berks the said Lord Andover Lord Bruce and John Lord Berkley of Stratton shall appoint, And as for touching and concerning the residue of the said Fenns by this Act allotted for recompence for the said draining moreover and above the said Eight thousand thirty six Acres & Two thousand Acres in trust for the said Earle of Berkeshire and the Lady Elizabeth his Wife the said Lord Andover the said Earle of Elgin Countesse of Stamford and Lord Gray and such other person and persons to whom the remainder upon their Estates are limitted according to their severall and respective Interests and Estates as aforesaid made or derived from by or under the said William late Earle of Exeter and Elizabeth late Countesse of Exeter or either of them their or either of their Heires or Assignes And in case the said Commissioners shall not nominate a Surveyour within Three monthes after nomination by the said Trustees their Heires or Assignees or the Survivour of them and both to be swome by the said Cofl" and notice therof to be given to the said Commissioners That then the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them shall proceed as aforesaid by their owne Artist

Of Part, amounting to 10^36 Acres, the Trustees to stand seised to the Use of the Earl of Berkahire, Lord Andover, &c.

Of the Residue to other Uses.

If Commissioners do not nominate a Surveyor within Three Months after Nomination by the said Trustees, then Trustees may proceed.

XXI.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Trustees [their Heyres and Assignes The Trustees to

and the Survivour of them'] shall at all times hereafter sufficiently fence and incloase the said Third part and all ‘"dose their Share,

* and maintain the

other the Lands by this A & to them granted on all parts against the Lords and Commoners of and in the residue -Fences;

of the said Fenns And if any of their Catle shall enter or breake into the said Third part and other Lands soe

granted or any part therof in default of the Inclosure therof It shall not be lawfull for the said Trustees their 7^1^0011

Hares or Assignes or the Survivour of them to destraine or impound the same or to maintaine any Action for impound, have

any such Entry depasturing or other Trespasse happening in such default And if any such Action bee brought it

shall be lawfull for the Defendant or Defendants therin to plead the Generali Issue and to give this Act in General Issue.

Evidence

And that the twoe Drove wayes in the said Fenns called the North drove and South drove leading from the parts of Keisteven into the parts of Holland be continued open and common through the said Third part and Lands to them granted for the use and benefitt of the Lords & Commoners' for a Drift way for them and the said Undertakers And alsoe that the Bancks or Draynes (by vertue of this Act) to be continued or made shall not stopp or hinder the Land-waters falling from the parts of Keisteven into the said Fenne but shall and may receive and carry the same away

XXII. Proviso for Continuance ofTwo Droveways called North Drove and South Drove*

Provided alwayes That this Act or any Clause Article Sentence or Penalde therin contained mentioned or expressed shall not extend to charge the persons of the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them or any the Estate or Estates reall or personall of them the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them other then their Estate and Estates of and in the said Fenns

XXIII.

No Estate* of the said Trustees liable except their said Estates in the said Fens.

Provided alsoe and upon Condition That if the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivor of them shall negcled the Ining and drayning of the said Fenns and every or any of them and shall not fully & perfectly finish the drayning of the same before the end and expiration of the said Seaven yeares as aforesaid according to the intent and purport of this Act, or shall not after the Ining or drayning therof keepe and maintaine the said Fennes and every of them after the end and terme of the said Seaven yeares dry firme good & depasturable ground for Catle at all times in the yeare (except such Lakes Draynes Sewers Portions and Quantities of the said Fennes as are before excepted) but shall wilfully and negligently suffer the said Fenns and Wasts or the most part of the same to be againe drowned and overflowne by the space of Five yeares at any time after the expira£6n of the said Seaven yeares and the same be found and adjudged hurtfully surrounded in default of the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them (contrary to this AS) by Twelve Commissioners of Sewers or the greater number of them, whereof six to be of the parts of Holland and six of Kesteven, of which [Twelve1] Commissioners three of either of the said parts to bee of the Quoru upon their view and inquisition or Psentment of Jury that the same hath soe long continued drowned, and that Judgment be certified of Record into the High Court of Chauncery under theire Hands and Seales or the greater number of them That then and from thenceforth the trust of the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them of in and to the said third part and the said other parts and proportions added and allotted for a further recompence as aforesaid for the said

XXIV.

If Trustees do not finish the draining in Seven Yean;

or do not maintain-their Drains (Exception) from overflowing within Five Year*

and the same adjudged by Twelve Commissioners of Sewers or the Majority

then their Estate to cease;

1 interlined.

7e

16" & 17° Car. II. c. 11

A.D. 1664 1665.

and be tested in the Commissioners of Sewers

and they to drain.

The Trustees to convey their Share as Twelve Commissioners of Sewers shall appoint.

XXV. Such Estates deemed good.

XXVI.

If the Trustees before the Term of Seven Years do not pay 40IOO. into the Commissioners of Sewers’ Hands, to amend South-Dozens and Hawthorn-Bank

then the said Commissioners may enter;

and so from time to time, if not supplied by the said Trustees, the said Commissioners may raise the same.

XXVII. Power to make By-laws.

XXVIII. The said Trustees may make an Acre Tax.,

Earle and Countesse of Berkshire Lord Howard of Charlton Lord Bruce Countesse of Stamford Lord Grey and other persons in remainder as aforesaid And all and every Estate and Estates whatsoever by them granted conveyed or in any manner executed of all or any the said Third part or other proportions added and allotted for further recompence to any person or persons whomsoever in execution pursuance or discharge of their said Trust or otherwise shall cease determine and be utterly void to all intents & purposes whatsoever and not to bee helped altered or releived in any Court or by any course of Law or Equity And that then and from thenceforth the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them shall stand and be seised of all the said Third part and the said addidonall Allotments in trust to permitt and suffer the said Commissioners of Sewers of Kesteven and Holland to take perceive and receive the whole Rents Issues and Proffitts to the end the same may be laid out and expended for the regaining of the said Fenns and to defray the Charge which the Country shall or may be putt unto to preserve themselves and their other Lands from being surrounded or damnified by the said waters in default of maintaining of the said Banckes and doeing other the said Works which ought to have beene made and repaired by the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them. And upon further trust likewise That the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes or the Survivour of them shall and will from time to times and at all times make and execute such Estate and Estates as Twelve Commissioners of Sewers of the parts of Holland and Kesteven, wherof three of each part to be of the Quorum shall by writing under their Hands and Seales dire# and appoint

And bee it enacted and declared That all such Estate and Estates soe by them made shall be, and bee, and bee deemed and taken to bee good and effectuall in Law to all intents and purposes as if the same were in this present Act perdcularly and by proper Names mentioned and expressed.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivour of them shall not or doe not at or before the said terme of Seaven yeares well and truely pay or cause to be paid the full and just summe of One hundred pounds of lawfull money of England into the hands of such person or persons as the said Commissioners of Sewers in their publique Sessions from time to time shall appoint to receive the same That then and in such case it shall and may be lawfull to and for the [said1] Commissioners of Sewers by an Order in writing under their Hands and Seales to authorize such person or persons as they shall thinke fitt to enter into any the said Lands part of the said Third part allotted to the said Thomas Lovell out of any the Fenns by him formerly undertaken to bee drayned and the said addidonall Lands And out of the Rents Issues and Proffitts therof to raise the same summe of One hundred pounds To the end the same shall and may be by them imployed and laid out in and about the necessary maintenance and repara£6n of the Bancks above men£6ned called the South Dozens and Hawthorne Banck and soe from rime to times and all times as the said One hundred pounds or any part therof shall be as abovesaid expended in and about the said Bancks as aforesaid if the same be not againe supplyed by the sd Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivo* of them within six Moneths then next following then it shall be in the power of the said Co£t* of Sewers out of the Rents Issues and Proffitts aforesaid to raise the same or soe much therof as shall not be supplied as abovesaid from time to rime and at all rimes as occasion shall require

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoririe aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for such person & persons their Heires & Assignes or any Three or more of them to whom the sd Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivor of them shall make or execute any Estate or Estates of the said Ten thousand thirty six Acres before menc&ned or any part therof as Adventurers under the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the survivo' of them in draining the said Fenns at all times, & from time to time from and imediatdy after execution of the sd Estate & Estates to sumon call & hold meetings of themselves [their1] Agents and Workmen at such place and places by Warrant under three or more of their Hands & Seales or under the Hand & Seale of their C5mon Clerke for the rime being for the makeing altering or confirming And with Power and Authority hereby granted unto them their Heires Executors Adminisfo'1 and Assignes for making and to make By Lawes for the better Government and more orderly manadgment of the said worke of draining the said Fenns within themselves respectively

And alsoe bee it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid That at all and every meeting and meetings as aforesaid to be held It shall and may be lawfull, and they are hereby therunto impowered for any three or more of the sd Undertakers their Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes to assesse rate tax and charge all and every the respective Owner or Owners thrir Heires Executors Administrators & Assignes & every of them of all & every the said Term thousand and thirty six Acres aforesaid by an equall and propor£6nable Acre tax with any Sume or Sumes of Money as they shall adjudge necessary for the carrying on and effecting the sd Worke & to limitt & appoint such certain dayes and places for the respective payments therof to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time bring as they the sd Undertakers their Heires Ex*?™ Adfi™ or Assignes or any three or more of them under their Hands & Seales shall appoint soe as every of the sd Undertakers who shall at [any1] time or times hereafter assesse rate tax & charge the sd Sumes of Money be really then Owner of Two hundred & fifty Acres of Land or more vr^ the sd Fenn,

1 interlined.

v^,

16° & 17° Car. II. c. 11.

567

And bee it further enacted Upon default made by any person or persons soe assessed rated taxed & charged as aforesaid in his or their respective payments to be limitted & appointed as aforesd by the space of three Months after the time limitted for payment therof that it shall & may be lawfull to & for any three or more of the sd Adventurers their Heires Ex*}" AdS" or Assignee to bargaine sell, convey & assure all or soe much of the sd Defaulter or Defaulters Lands respectively within the sd Fenn for raising the Sume or S umes of Money soe assessed rated or charged as aforesd to any other person or persons their Heires & Assignes for such Estate or Estates as the sd Defaulter or Defaulters had in him or them respectively at the time of the sd Default or Defaults made as aforesd as to them or any three or more of them the sd Adventurers their Heires Ex*}" Ad" or Assignes shall seeme meet, subjeS nevertheles to the Condic&ns & forfeitures in this Act contained & exprest. And all & every Conveyance therof is & shall be adjudged good & available in Law & Equity ag* all & every such Defaulter & Defaulters respectively & ag* his or their respective Heires Ex*}" AdS" & Assignes soe as the same be inrolled in the High Court of Chauncery within Six Monethes after the makeing therof

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfull for any person or persons Bodyes Politique or Corporate, their Heyres and Successors Owner or Owners of the Soyle of the said Fen ns or Wasts or who may or ought to have Comon in any of the same to improve sett out, enclose divide and sever such quantity or quantities of the said Fenns or Wasts (other then such of the same as by the tenor of this Act are appointed or allotted to the said Undertakers as aforesaid) as shalbe proportionable to his or their respective Interest, or to his or their Lands and Tenements whereunto, or in respect whereof, the said Comon or Wast may or ought to be had or enjoyed: And such quantity or quantityes to have and to hold in severalty by and according to such Tenures, Estate Right Tytle & Interest as such person or persons have or shall have in such Mannors Lands & Tenements subject neverthelesse to all the Powers and Liberties given by this Act to the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes and the Survivor of them, for dreyning the said Fenns, as if the same Lands had remained [common1] and unenclosed: leaving and allowing convenient passages and wayes in and to the sd Undertakers ground in the said Fenn.

And it is further enacted That the Boundaryes of the said Wasts so to be enclosed Approvements and Enclosures shall from time to time and at all times upon request of any person or persons concerned be determined & adjudged and finally ended by the persons hereafter named (that is to say) Thomas Lord Beaumont of Cole-Orton, Sir George Villiers of Brucksby Baronet, Sir William Hartop of Rotherby Kn*, William Hartop of Little Dalby Esq^ Sir Henry Hudson of Melton Mowbray Baronet, Sir Edward Smith of Edmondthorpe Kn* Richard Lister of Thorpe Esq John Hacket of Kettleby Esq* William Gilbert of Melton Mowbray Esq all of the County of Leicester. Baptist Lord Viscount Campden Sir Edward Heath of Cottesmore Knl of the Bath, William Palmes of Ashwell Esq., Abell Barker of Hambleton Esq Samuel Browne of Stockins Esq, Robert Mackworth of Empingham Esqs Philip Sherard Esq Alexander Noell of Whitwell Esq, Christopher Browne of Towlthorpe Esq* Edward Falkener of Uppingha Esq, Sir Thomas Mackworth of Normanton Bar*: [Henry Noell Esq of Eaton Andrew Noell Esq of Whitwell Charles Halford Esqs of Weston, Thomas Pilkinton Esq of Belton Beaumont Bodenham Esq of Ryhall, and Henry Mackworth Esq of Normanton1] all of the County of Rutland. Mildmay Earle of Westmorland, Obrian Lord Cockaine William Stafford Esqs of Blatherwicke; Lewis Palmer Esqs of Corlton, Edward Palmer Esq of Stoake, Walter Kirkham of Tinshead Esquire Christopher Thursby Esq, Humphrey Orme Esq Sir Henry Yelverton Bar*: Thomas Dove of Upton Esq [William Montague Esq Francis Quarles Esq George Quarles Jun: of Ufford Esq^ Francis Kirkham Esq of Finshead, John Lyn Esq of Southwicke1] all of the County of Northampton [Robert Lord Willoughby of Eresby eldest Son to Montague Earle of Lindsy Ld Greate Chamberlane of England, Sir Thomas Meres Kn*; Sir John Newton Bar*: Sir Anthony Irby Kn* Peregrine Bartue Esq Anthony Thorold of Marston Esq William Blythe of Straston Esq Philip Dallow of Bitchfeild Esq Thomas Harrington of Boothby Esq Charles Bawdes of Somerby Esq Sir Edward Barkham Bar* all of y* County ofLincolne*] or by any Seaven or more of them: Wch said persons or any seaven or more of them are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for that purpose, upon their view or examination of witnesses upon oath (which oath they are hereby authorized to administer) or both, or other good and sufficient proofe by matter of Record Writings or Evidences, and hearing the party es concerned if they be present and desire it: which Determina€5n and Judgement being certifyed by writing under the hands and seales of the said Judicature or any seaven or more of them into y* Petty bagg, there to be filed and kept on Record shall be finall and conclusive unto all partyes Provided alwaies that in case any person or persons, Bodyes Politique or Corporate shall find him or themselves aggreived with such Judgement and Determination of the said Judicature, and shall thereof, within sixe Moneths next after the same, appeale to any thirteene or more other persons of the said Judicature, then such Determination as the said thirteene more shall make, being certifyed by, writing under the hands and seales of the said thirteene or more into the Pettibagg aforesaid there to be filed and kept on Record as aforesaid, shalbe finall and conclusive to all partyes, the said former Judgement or Determination notwithstanding: And the Enclosures and Proporlftns so adjudged or decreed as aforesaid to such person or persons, Bodyes Politique and Corporate shalbe held by him or them, and his and their Heires and Successors respectively by and according to his and their Tenures Estate Tytle apd Interest which he or they had in the Mannors Lands or Tenements, for or in respeS of which he or they claymed or enclosed the said quantity or quantityes of the sd Wasts as abovesaid.

XXIX.

Tax not paid.

Adventurers may •ell Landi of Defaulter!

iubjed to the Conditions of this Act.

Such Conveyances good against Defaulters j to be enrolled within Six Months.

XXX. Ownen of the Fens may inclose, Arc.

Exception.

Inclosurts how to be held;

subject to Powers given by this Act to them Trustees.

XXXI. Names of Commissioners for the Bounds and Inclosures j

any Seven of them appointed;

their Power to examine, &c.

their Judgment certiSed into the Petty-Bag.

Appeals from such Judgments;

Determination thereon certified into the Petty Bag.

How Inclosurts adjudged to be held.

1 interlined.

• annexed to the Ad in a separate Schedule.

568

XXXII.

These

Conmisekmert to take an Oath.

Placet for their Session.

Differences between the Commissioners, before any Judgment given by them, referred to Chief Justices and Chief Baron.

Two of whom may determine.

16° & 17" Car. II. c. 11, 12. XD. 1664» 1665.

[Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said ComissioS" and every of them before he or they take upon him or them the execution of any the Powers or Authorities hereby given them {other then the administring the Oath following to one another, which they shall have Authority by this present Act to administer to one another) shall take the Oath following (viz1)

j A: B: am not interested in possession rever£6n or remainder of in or to the said Fenns or any part thereof And shall and will without favour or affec£6n hatred or malice truely and impartially according to the best of my skill and knowledge execute and performe all and every the Powers and Authorities in mee established by this AS of Parliament.

Which Oath any one of the said Cofi:r< are hereby authorized to administer. And that the places where the said Cofi:" shall sitt to heare order and determine the matters referred to them by this Act shall be at the Townes of Stamford, Markett Deeping or Spalding in the said County of Lincolne And the said CoS:r* or any seaven or more of them are hereby direSed by Warrant under their hands and seales to declare the places and tymes of their meeting, The same Warrant to be published in open Markett in the said Townes of Stamford, Markett Deeping and Spalding betweene the howres of twelve and two upon some Markett Day one and twenty dayes at least before the said tyme or tymes of meeting, To the end all persons concerned may have sufficient tyme and notice to attend, And shall have power and authority by warrant under the hands and seales of any three or more of them to summon parties and witnesses to appeare before them And in case any controversy or differrence shall happen or arise betweene or amongst the said CoS:" before any Judgment or Determination given by them in the ^misses touching or concerning the exposition of the words of this Act or the powers or authorityes thereby to them given Then the Lord Cheife Justice of the Kings Bench, the Lord Cheife Justice of the Common Pleas, and the Lord Cheife Baron of His Majestyes Court of Exchequer for the tyme being are hereby constituted and established a Judicature, And they or any two of them are hereby authorized to heare adjudge and determine such controversy es and differrences, And their Judgment or Determination thereof certifyed under their hands and Seales, shall be observed, and shall be likewise certified together with the Judgments and Determinations of the said Cofl:" into the Petty bagg there to be kept on Record as aforesaid. ']

CHAPTER XIL

An Act for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to the City of New Sarum.

[This Act has been called Chap. XII. in various printed Editions of the Statutes, but it is not upon the Roll; the Title is entered on the Roll amongst the Titles of Private Acts in the above manner, and is here inserted in order to keep up the usual arrangement of Chapters.]

ITEM quedam peticbnes privatas personas concementes (in se formam A&us continentes) exhibite fuerunt pVli&o

Domino Regi in Parliament p>dido qua^ Tituli subscribuntur.

u An Act to enable Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath to sell certaine Lands in the County of Devon.

2. An Act for the enabling of Trustees to sell part of the Estate of Samuel Sandys the elder Esquire and of his son Samuel Sandys for payment of debts

3. An Act for confirming a Deed of Setlement between The Earl of Thanet and his younger Brothers.

4. An Act to enable the Bishop of Winchester to convey One hundred acres of Land lying in the great disparked Parke of Bishops Waltham in the Parish of Bishops Waltham in the County of Southampton upon the Rector of the said Parish Church of Bishops Waltham and his Successors in lieu of all Tithes and Payments for Tythes due to the said Rector and his Successors for Waltham Parks

5. An Act to enable the Lord Henry Powlet George Withers and John Mompesson to sell the Mannor of Abbots-Anne in the County of Southampton

6. An Act to enable Henry Lord Lougborough to make the River and Sewer navigable from or neere Bristowe Causey in the County of Surrey into the River of Thames.

7. An Act to enable Trustees for the Lord Strangford to sell Lands for payment of debts.

8. An Act for restoring of Sir Charles Stanley in blood

1 annexed to the Ad in a separate Schedule.

16° & 17° Car. II.

569

9. An Act for the setting of several Mannors Lands and Tenements of Sir Jacob Astley lying in the of Norfolk and Warwick.

10. An Act for setting the Estate of Sir Robert Carr Baronet.

11. An Act for making the River Avon navigable from Christ Church to the City of New Sarum.

13. An Act for making the River of Medway navigable in the Counties of Kent and Sussex

13. An Act for making divers Rivers navigable or otherwise passable for Boats Barges and other Vessels.

14. An Act for selling of differences between the Towns of Great and Little Yarmouth touching the lading and Mwlading of Herrings and other Merchandises and Comodi ties.

15. An Act for the naturalizing Dederic alias Richard Comes and others.

16. An Act for confirming of an Act intituled An Act to enable Joseph Micklethwaite an Infant and his Trustees to sell T.anH for payment of his Fathers debts

17. An Act for the inabling of Thomas Iuckes of Treliddan in the County of Mounfgomery Esq^ to sell Lands for the payment of his debts and raising of younger Childrens portions.

18. An Act to inable Francis Lee Esq^ to sell Lands for payment of debts and to make provision for his Children.

19. An Act for continuance of a former Act for repairing the Highway es within the County of Hertford

30. An Act for draining of the Fenn called Deeping-Fenn and other Fenns therein mentioned

7F

( 5T0

Anno IT0 CAROLI, II. A.D. 1665.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second,

And by several Prorogations Continued until the Thirty-first Day of October,

In the SEVENTEENTH Year of the same King,

In the Fifth Session of the same Parliament.

€jc i&otulo i&arliamentt De anno ftegttf Regis Carol! £>ecunDt Dectmo septitno.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoal et ten! apud Westfh OSavo Die Maij Alio Regni Serenissimi atq, Excel lentissimi Dfiii nfi Caroli S2di Dei Gra Anglie Sc6e Francie et Hibinie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Dedmo-tertio et per seperales Prorogates usq> ad Tricesimum primum Die O&ob Anno dcfi Dmi Dedmo-sepdmo continual (videh in Quinta ejusde Parliamenti Sessione) Comuni oiu Dnoru ta Spualiu qua Temporaliu et Comunitatis Consensu et Regie Majestads Assensu sancita ina&itata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequenda hec Statuta ad ▼erbum ut sequitur videh.

Publique Acts

CHAPTER L

Rot. Parl. 17 C.IL An Act for granting the summe of Twelve hundred and fiftie thousand pounds to the Kings Majesde for IBs u present further Supply.

Reason* for patting thi* Act.

Recital of 16 (16 & 17) Car. II. c. 1.

WEE Your Majestyes most dutyfull and Loyall Subjects the Commons assembled in Parlyament haveing observed the Wayes and Meanes by which Your Majesde hath beene enforced to ingage Yourselfe in a Warr against the States of the United Provinces for the necessary Defence of your owne Crowne and Dignide and the Safede and Welfaire of Your People Doe with all humble Thankfulnes acknowledge Your Majesty es Care and Conduct in this great Affaire, which, as it hath beene already attended with very considerable Successe soe we shall dayly pray

that all Your Majesties Enterprizes may still be crowned with Honour and Victory And although the continuing

[Insolendes *] of Your Majesty es Enimies and the doubtfull Amity of some of Your Majesties Neighbours hath made it necessary to provide for further and greater Expences in a time when the generall Contagion hath much interrupted our Trade and Commerce Yet that Your Majesde may see that wee Your Majesties Loyall Subjects doe more consider our Zeale and Duty to Your Majesde then any difficulties under which wee labour Wee have chearefully and unanimously given and granted and by these presents doe give and grant unto Your most Excellent Majesde

the summe of Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds to be raised and leavyed in manner following And we

doe most humbly beseech Your Majesde That it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by [the*] Authority of the same That the summe of Twelve hundred and fiftie thousand pounds shall be raised leavyed and paid unto Your Majesde within the space of Two yeares in manner following That is to say Whereas in and by a certaine AS of Parliament lately passed intituled An Act for granting a Royall Ayde unto the Kings Majesde of Twenty sower hundred threescore and seaventeene thousand and five hundred pounds to be raised leavyed and paid in the space of Three yeares It was amongst other things enacted That the summe of Threescore and eight thousand eight hundred and nineteene pounds and nine shillings by the moneth for Thirty six monethes begining from the Five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred sixtie [and*] sower should be assessed taxed colleSed leavyed and paid by Twelve Quarterly payments in the severall County es Cittyes Burroughes Townes and places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke

AJ).1665

17° Car. II. c. 1.

571

upon Tweede according to the severall Rates and Proportions and in such [manner *] as in the said Act is expressed.

One yeares payment whereof that is to say Fower quarterly Payments will be fully expired upon the Five and

twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred nxde Eve, and two yeares

payment more will be then to come and unexpired

It is now further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That the summe of Fifty two thousand fowerscore and three pounds six shillings and eight pence by the moneth for Twenty sower monethes begining from the Eve and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred sixtie five shall be assessed taxed collected levyed and paid by eight quarterly payments in the severall Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede over and above the summe of Threescore and eight thousand eight hundred and nineteene pounds and nine shillings by the moneth which is to remaine and continue payable dureing the said twenty sower monethes by vertue of the said former A & and as an Addidon to, and increase of the said monethly Assessment according to these further Rates Rules and Proportions in such manner as herein after is expressed that is to say for every of the said Twenty sower monethes

IL

Grant of the Tax by Payments of 6s. tfd. by the Month for 94 Months.

For the County of Bedford the summe of Six hundred seaventy eight pounds fowerteene shillings nine pence Rates of Counties, farthing.

The County of Berks Eight hundred fifty six pounds eighteene shillings two pence three farthings.

The County of Bucks Nine hundred ninety five pounds seaven shillings ten pence.

The County of Cambridge the summe of Seaven hundred seaventy one pounds eighteene shillings one penny farthing.

The Isle of Ely Two hundred sixty sower pounds fifteene shillings ten pence.

The County of Chester with the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester the summe of Six hundred and six pounds seaven shillings seaven pence.

The County of Cornwall the summe of One thousand one hundred sixty six pounds two shillings sower pence farthing.

The County of Cumberland the summe of One hundred twenty seaven pounds seaven shillings three pence farthing.

The County of Derby the summe of Six hundred fifty two pounds twelve shillings eleaven pence three farthings.

The County of Devon the summe of Two thousand sower hundred forty sower pounds sue shillings nine pence farthing.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Exon the summe of Eighty eight pounds one shilling two pence farthing.

The County of Dorset the summe of One thousand and seaventeene pounds nine shillings nine pence halfe penny.

The Towne and County of Poole the summe of Eight pounds six shillings three pence farthing.

The County of Durham the summe of Two hundred forty five pounds one shilling five pence farthing.

The County of Yorke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke and Towne (*) of Kingstone upon Hull the summe of Two thousand six hundred twenty five pounds eight shillings seaven pence three farthings.

The County of Essex the summe of Two thousand three hundred forty sower pounds sixteene shillings one penny three farthings.

The County of Gloucester the summe of One thousand three hundred sixty eight pounds twelve shillings six pence farthing.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester the summe of Twenty nine pounds sixteene shillings three pence farthing.

The County of Hereford the summe of Eight hundred fifty six pounds eight shillings one penny three farthings.

The County of Hertford the summe of One thousand and eighteene pounds nine shillings five pence farthing.

The County of Huntington the summe of Fower hundred seaventy nine pounds eleaven shillings fewer pence.

The County of Kent with the Citty and County of the Citty of Canterbury the summe of Two thousand five hundred and seaventeene pounds fowerteene shillings six pence farthing.

The County of Lancaster the summe of Seaven hundred sixty one pounds sixteene shillings sower pence farthing.

The County of Leicester the summe of Eight hundred and twenty pounds seaventeene shillings six pence three farthings.

The County of Lincolne with the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne the summe of One thousand nine hundred forty eight pounds fifteene shillings two pence farthing.

The Citty of London with the [Liberty3] of S*Martins Le Grand the summe of Three thousand eight hundred fifty three pounds two shillings ten pence three farthings.

The County of Midlesex with the Citty and Liberty of Westminster the summe of One thousand six hundred ninety five pounds ten shillings ten pence.

The County of Monmouth the summe of Two hundred ninety five pounds two shillings nine pence three farthings.

17° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1665.

The County of Northampton the summe of One thousand and seaventy pounds one penny farthing

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the summe of Six hundred and sixty pounds nineteene shillings two pence farthing.

The County of Norffolke the summe of Two thousand five hundred and fifty pounds fifteene shillings fewer pence farthing.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Norwich the summe of One hundred thirty six pounds fewer shillings fewer pence halfe penny.

The County of Northumberland with the Towne of Newcastle and Berwicke upon Tweede the summe of Two hundred eighty two pounds two shillings three pence farthing.

The County of [Oxon1] the summe of Eight hundred fifty nine pounds six shillings eight pence farthing.

The County of Rutland the summe of One hundred eighty one pounds nineteene shillings two pence farthing.

The County of Salop the summe of Nine hundred and ten pounds eighteene shillings six pence farthing.

The County of Stafford the summe of Six hundred forty five pounds fewer shillings three halfe pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Lichfield the summe of Nine pounds sixteene shillings nine pence

farthing.

The County of Somerset the sume of Two thousand ninety seaven pounds eight shillings two pence three farthings.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll the summe of One hundred and fifty pounds eighteene shillings two pence farthing

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and Isle of Wight the summe of One thousand six hundred fifty six pounds seaventeene shillings and eleaven pence.

The County of Suffolke the stime of Two thousand seven hundred ninety six pounds fewer shillings seaven pence

The County of Surrey with the Burrough of Southwarke the summe of One thousand two hundred and eight

pounds eleaven shillings fewer pence farthing.

The County of Sussex the summe of One thousand three hundred seaventy eight pounds seaven shillings fewer pence three farthings.

The County of Warwicke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry the summe of Nine hundred and two pounds seaven shillings and two pence.

The County of Worcester the summe of Seaven hundred ninety seaven pounds eleaven shillings and ten pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester the summe of Forty one pounds nineteene shillings six pence three farthings.

The County of Wilts the sume of One thousand seven hundred eighty eight pounds nine shillings six pence halfe penny.

The County of Westmorland the summe of Eighty seaven pounds fifteene shillings eight pence halfe penny.

The Isle of Anglesea the summe of Ninety five pounds two shillings two pence.

The County of Brecknocke the summe of Two hundred thirteene pounds sixteene shillings halfe penny.

The County of Cardigan the summe of Eighty pounds one shilling two pence farthing.

The County of Carmarthen the sume of Two hundred and six pounds three shillings five pence halfe penny.

The County of Camarvan the summe of one hundred and ten pounds eighteene shillings ten pence three farthings.

The County of Denbigh the sume of One hundred sixty nine pounds three shillings three halfe-pence.

The County of Flint the summe of Eighty nine pounds eighteene shillings eleaven pence three farthings.

The County of Glamorgan the summe of Two hundred eighty six pounds sixteene shillings three pence farthing.

The County of Merioneth the summe of Seaventy six [pound1] five shillings eight pence three farthings.

The County of Mountgomery Two hundred and nine pounds six shillings six pence.

The County [of3] Pembrooke the summe of Two hundred forty seaven pounds one shilling seaven pence three farthings.

The County of Radnor the sume of One hundred thirty one pounds eighteene shillings six pence three farthings.

The Towne of Haverford West the summe of Eleaven [pound1] nine shillings se aven pence.

III.

Commi&noner* under the mid Ad to be Commissioners under this Act;

and to have and execute the like Powers, See.

and all Persons liable to or employed in levying, See. the Monies imposed by this

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every the persons who are nominated in and by the said former Act to be Comissers of and for the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and places therein mentioned shall likewise be and soe are hereby appointed to be C5mis§ers for execution of this present Act within the said severall and respective County es Cittyes Burroughes Townes and places for which they were nominated in the aforesaid Act, and shall have and execute the like Powers and Authorityes Rules and Directions touching the better assessing collecting levying receiving and paying the said Fifty two thousand fowerscore and three pounds six shillings and eight pence by the moneth dureing the said Twenty fewer monethes as in and by the aforesaid Act were given to the said Comissers touching the better assessing collecting levying receiving and paying the said Threescore and eight thousand eight hundred and nineteene pounds and nine shillings by the moneth payable as aforesaid, And all and every person or persons who shall be lyeable unto or any waies concerned [or imployed4] in the assessing collecting lea vying receiving or paying any of the moneyes

17° Car. II. c. 1.

573

by this Act imposed shall have like benefitts advantages and discharges and shall be subject to like penalties and forfeitures in case of any negcleft or refusall to pay their respective Assesments or to perfortne their respective Regulations and Dutyes as any other person or persons lyeable unto or concerned or imployed in the assesing collecting lea vying receiving or paying any of the moneyes by the said former Act imposed ought to have or be subject unto as fully and amply as if the same Clauses Matters and things had beene in this Act perticularly repeated and enacted,

To the end that the Monethly Assessments which will remaine due and payable by vertue of the said former Act, and the monethly Additions thereunto made by (') vertue of this present Act may be duely answered and paid in as aforesaid

And bee it further enacted That the severall ComisSers shall meete together at the most usuall and comon place of meeting as in the said Act is directed on or before the Tenth day of January next to putt this Act and the said former Act in execution according to the best of their Judgements and Discretions, and shall then if they see cause subdivide themselves as by the said Act is further directed concerning the said former Assessment And further That they meete at least three Weekes before each quarterly Payment [for*] the said severall Assesments fox the purposes aforesaid, And that the said Eight quarterly Payments of Fifty two thousand fowerscore and three pounds six shillings & eight pence by the Moneth amounting in each Quarter to the summe of One hundred fifty six thousand two hundred and fifty pounds shall be assessed collected levyed and paid to the Receivour of the severall Countyes appointed or that shall be appointed by His Majestie and by them answered and paid into His Majestyes Exchequer on the dayes and times mentioned and expressed in the said Act for Payment of the said First Assessment.

IV.

Commissioners to meet loth January next, and Three Weeks before each Quarterly Payment.

Eight Quarterly Payments to be assessed and paid to Receivers of Counties, and by them into the Exchequer as in the said Act.

And to the intent that all [Moneyes3] to be lent to Your Majesty and Moneyes that shall be due upon such Contrafts for Wares and Goods which shall be delivered for this service may be well and sufficiently secured out of the Moneyes ariseing and payable by this Act Bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That there be provided and kepte in His Majestyes Exchequer (to witt) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt one Booke or Register in which Booke or Register all Moneyes that shall be paid into the Exchequer by this Act shall be entred [& registred4] apart and distinct from the Moneyes paid or payable to Your Majestie on the before mentioned Act and from all other Moneyes or Branches of Your Majesties Revenue whatsoever And that alsoe there be one other Booke or Registry provided or kepte in the said Office of all Orders and Warrants to be made by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or by the ComisSers of the Treasury for the time being for payment of all and every Summe and summes of money to all persons for moneyes lent Wares or Goods bought or other payments directed by His Majestie relateing to the service of this Warr And that noe moneyes leavyable by this Act be issued out of the Exchequer dureing this Warr but by such Order or Warrant mentioning that the moneyes payable by such Order or Warrant are for the service of Your Majestie in the said Warr respectively.

That alsoe there be the like Booke or Register provided and kepte by the said Auditor of all moneyes paid Auditor^Book out or issued by vertue of such Orders and Warrants.

V.

Book to be kept in the Exchequer, and Monies entered separate from Monies raised under the said former Act;

and also a Book for Payments to Leaden and to Persons furnishing Goods, &c.

That it shall be lawfull for any person or persons willing to lend any money or to furnish any Wares Victualls Necessaries or Goods on the credit of this Act at the usuall times when the Exchequer is open to have accesse unto and view and peruse all or any of the said Bookes for their Information of the state of those Moneyes and all Ingagements upon them for their better incouragement to lend any Moneyes or furnish any Goods or Wares as aforesaid. And that the respective Officers and their Deputyes and Clerks in whose custodie such Bookes be or shall be, shall be assistant to such persons for their better and speeder satisfaction in that behalfe, That all and every person and persons who shall lend any moneyes to Your Majestie and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same, and an Order for his repayment bearing the same Date with his Tally, in which Order shall be alsoe a Warrant contained for payment of Interest for forbearance after the rate of Six per Cent per Annum for his consideration to be paid every Six monethes untill the repayment of his Principally And that all person and persons who shall furnish Your Majestie, Your Officers of the Navy or Ordnance with any Wares Goods Victualls or other necessaries for the service aforesaid shall upon Certificate of the ComisSers and Officers of the Navy, or of the Master or Comissers & Officers of the Ordnance or some of them without delay forthwith [have4] made out to them Warrants or Orders for the payment of the moneyes due or payable unto them, which Certificates the said Officers of your Navy, Comisiers and Officers of the Ordnance shall make without Fee Charge or Delay, And that all Orders for [the5] repayment of money lent shall be registred in course according to the Date of the Tallyes respectively, And that all Orders signed by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for payment of money for Goods Wares Victualls and other necessaries furnished to your Majestie, your Officers Master or Comissers aforesaid shall be registred in course according to the time of bringing to the Office of the Auditor of (6) Receipt the Certificates above mentioned, And that all Orders soe signed for payments directed by his Majestie shall be entred in course according to their respective Dates, and none of the sortes of Orders abovementioned either for Loanes of Money, Supplyes of Wares Goods Victualls or Necessaries or by speciall direction shall have preference one before another, but shall all be entred in their course according to the Dates of the Tallyes, the times of bringing the Certificates and the dates of the Orders for payments directed by his Majestye as they are in point of time respectively before each other. And

VII. Lenders and Furnishers of Goods, Ac. to hive free Access to Books.

Tilly for Money lent.

Interest it j£6 per Cent, per Ann. to be paid every Six Months. Persons furnishing the Navy or Ordnance with Goods, to have Warrants for Payment forthwith, on Certificate without Fee.

Orders to be registered and paid in due Course without undue Preference.

1 by 0. * of 0. * Money 0.

4 interlined on the Roll.

5 0. omits. * the 0.

7 G

17° Cab. II. c.l.

A.D. 1665.

Who shall be accounted the First Person to be paid;

who the Second, and so successively.

No Fees for providing Books;

or for Payment upon Orders.

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer;

Penalty.

By Deputy; Penalty.

Auditor Clerk of the Pells, or Teller offending;

Penalty.

VIII. Paying Tallies of the same Date, &c. on the same Day no undue Preference.

IX.

Payments of subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no unduePreference, so as sufficient Money be reserved.

X.

Tallies may be assigned.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may assign.

XI.

Interest at 46 per Cent, per Amu on Advance of the Tax. Receiver’s Acquittance a Discharge.

Money to be paid into the Exchequer.

that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred in the said Register booke, be it Orders for payments directed by His Majestie or for moneyes le nt or for Wares Cdmodides or other necessaries furnished as aforesaid soe as that that person his Executors Administrators and Assignee who shall have his Warrant or Order Warrants or Orders first entred in the said Booke of Registry shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the moneyes to come in by vertue of this Act, and he or they that shall have [his or1 ] their Warrants or Orders Warrant or Order next entred shall be taken and accounted the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course. And that the moneyes to come in by this Act shall be in the same order lyeable to the satisfaction of the said respective partyes their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise. And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any of Your Majesty es Subjects for provideing or makeing of such Bookes, Registers, Entryes, View, Search, Certificate in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof, or for payment of any money upon any Order upon any Contract for Wares and goods furnished to the use of your Majesties Navy and Ordnance as aforesaid by any of your Majesties Officer or Officers their Deputies or Clerkes on paine of payment of treble dammages to the party grieved by the partie offending with costs of Suite, And if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his place alsoe. And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of registring contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers, then the partie offending shall be lyeable by Action of Debt or on the case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the partie grieved, And shall be forejudged from his Place or Office. And if such preference be unduely made by any his Deputie or Clerke without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputie or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Cost and shall for ever after be incapeable of the same. And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order, or the Clerke of the Pells record or the Teller make payment according to each persons due place and order as afore directed then he or they shall be judged to forfeite and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending be lyeable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loane or Certificates for Wares delivered or Orders for Payments from his Majestie as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Exchequer to be registred Then it shall be interpreted noe undue preference which of

these he enters soe he enter them all the same day.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any penalty in point of

payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of

persons that come to demand their money and bring their Orders before other persons that did not come to demand their money and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie their Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed but kepte for them Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the money is soe reserved and kepte in Bancke for them.

And bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That every person or persons to whom any money shall be due by vertue of this A & after Warrant or Order entred for payment thereof, his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement of his Order or Warrant may assigne and transfer his Interest and Benefit of such Warrant to any other, which being notified and an Entry and Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the said Registry for Warrants (which the Officers shall on request without Fees or Charge accordingly make) shall intitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefit thereof and payment thereon. And such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignments to make void release or discharge the same or the Moneyes thereby due or any part thereof.

And in case any person or persons bee willing to advance the Taxe they themselves are to pay, or the Taxe of any Tything Hundred Parish Division or County for six monethes or more unto the Receivour Generali of that place or County, The said Receiver Generali is hereby authorized to receive the same and to make deduction of soe much for Interest after the rate of Six per Centum per annum as the Advance amounts unto, and the Receivers Acquittance shall be a sufficient discharge for the same which money soe advanced shall be accounted for and paid into the Exchequer by itselfe quarterly.

1 interlined on the Roll.

17° Car. II. c. 2.

575

CHAPTER II.

An Act for restraining Non-Conformists from inhabiting in Corporations.

Pori* if Cm Jim

*- 3-

Recital that divert Persons in Holy Orders had not declared their Assent to the Matters required

and that they and divers other Persons not duly ordained had settled in Corporations.

WHEREAS diverse Parsons Vicars Curates Le&urers and other persons in Holy Orders have not declared v v their unfeigned assent and consent to the use of all things contained and prescribed in the Booke of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church according to the use of the Church of England, or have not subscribed the Declaration or Acknowledgement contained in a certaine Ad of Parlyament made in the Fowerteenth yeare of His Majestyes Raigne and Intituled An Act for the Uniformity of Publique Prayers and Administration of Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies and for the • • c*4-

establishing the forme of makeing ordaining and consecrating of Bishops Priests and Deacons in the Church of England according to the said Act or any other subsequent Ad. And whereas they or some of them and diverse other person & persons not ordained according to the Forme of the Church of England, and as have since the Act of Oblivion taken upon them to preach in unlawfull Assemblyes Conventicles or Meeteings under colour or pretence of Exercise of Religion contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Kingdome have setled themselves in diverse Corporations in England sometimes Three or more of them in a place thereby takeing an oportunity to distill the poysonous Principles of Schisme and Rebellion into the hearts of His Majestyes Subjects to the great danger of [the *] Church and Kingdome. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the said Parsons Viccars Curates Ledurers and other persons in holy Orders, or pretended holy Orders, or pretending to holy Orders, and all Stipendaryes and other persons who have beene possessed of any Ecclesiasticall or Spirituall Promotion and every of them who have not declared their unfeigned assent and consent as aforesaid and subscribed the Declaration aforesaid and shall not take and subscribe the Oath following.

J A B doe sweare That it is not lawfiill upon any pretence whatsoever to take Armes against the King And that I doe abhorr that Traiterous Position of takeing Armes by His Authoritie against His Person or against those that are comissionated by Him in pursuance of such Comissions And that I will not at any time endeavour any Alteration of Goverment either in Church or State.

Such Persons to take the Oath following.

And all such person and persons as shall take upon them to preach in any unlawfull Assembly Conventicle or Meeting under colour or pretence of any Exercise of Religion contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Kingdome shall not at any time from and after the Fower and twentyeth day of March which shall be in this present yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty and five unlesse onely in passeing upon the Road come or be within Five miles of any Citty or Towne Corporate or Burrough that sends Burgesses to the Parlyament within His Majesties Kingdome of England Principallitie of Wales or of the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or within Five miles of any Parish Towne or Place wherein he or they have since the Act of Oblivion beene Parson Viccar Curate Stipendary or Ledurer or taken upon them to preach in any unlawfull Assembly Conventicle or Meeting under colour or pretence of any Exercise of Religion contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Kingdome before he or they have taken and subscribed the Oath aforesaid before the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County Rideing or Division next unto the said Corporation Citty or Burrough Parish Place or Towne in open Court (which said Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered there to administer) upon forfeiture of every such offence the summe of Forty pounds of lawfull English money, the one Third part thereof to His Majestie and His Successors, the other Third part to the use of the poore of the Parish where the offence shall be committed and the other Third part thereof to such person or persons as shall or will sue for the same by Action of Debt Plaint Bill or Information in any Court of Record at Westminster or before any Justices of Assize Oyer and Terminer or Goale delivery or before any Justices of the Countyes Pallatine of Chester Lancaster or Durham or the Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales or before any Justices of Peace in their Quarter Sessions wherein noe Esaoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That it shall not be lawfull for any person or persons restrained from comeing to any Citty Towne Corporate Burrough Parish Towne or Place as aforesaid or for any other person or persons as shall not first take and subscribe the said Oath and as shall not frequent Divine Service established by the Lawes of this Kingdome and carry him or herselfe reverently decently and orderly there [to teach any Publick or Private School1] or take any Boarders or Tablers that are taught or instruded by him or herselfe or any other upon paine for every such offence to [forfeit the sum of*] Forty pounds to be recovered and distributed as aforesaid.

II.

Person* preaching in Conventicle* not to come within Five Miles of any Corporation •ending Members to Parliament, (Exception)

before they have taken the said Oath.

Penalty j£+o.

III.

Such Persons, or those not frequenting the Established Church, not to teach in any public or private Scnool,' See.

Penalty j£+o.

Provided alsoe and bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That it shall be lawfull for any two iv.

Justices of the Peace of the respective County upon Oath to them of any offence against this Act which Oath ^mi^Oftndeli they are hereby impowered to administer to committ the Offender for Six Monethes without Baile or Maineprize, charged on Oath, unlesse upon or before such Commitment he shall before the said Justices of the Peace sweare and subscribe the tndTuWribToith aforesaid Oath and Declaration. and Declaration.

Provided alwayes That if any person intended to be restrained by vertue of this Act shall without fraude or covin v.

be served with any Writt Subpena Warrant or other Processe whereby his pereonall appearance is required, his p^ms*

obedience to such Writt Subpena or Processe shall not be construed an offence against this Act.

17° Car. II. c. 3.

A.D. 1665.

Rot. Parl. 17 C.II, nu. 4.

Recital that by reason of the Smallness of Provision for Ministers, improper Persons are entertained to serve in Cures.

Reasons for passing this Act.

The Bishops and Corporations and Patrons empowered to unite Churches.

After Order made such Churches to stand united, and Tithes, &c. to be paid.

CHAPTER in.

An Act for uniting Churches in Cittyes and Townes Corporate.

FORASMUCH as the setled Provision for Ministers in most Cittyes and Townes Corporate within this Realme is not sufficient for the Maintenance of able Ministers fitt for such places whereby meane and Stipendary Preachers are entertained to serve the Cures there who wholly depending for their Maintenance upon the good will and likeing of their Auditors have beene and are thereby under temptation of too much complying and suiting their Doctrine and teaching to the humour rather then good of their Auditors which hath beene a great occasion of Fadion and Schisme and of the contempt of the Ministry, The Lords and Commons in Parlyament assembled being deepely sensible of the ill consequence thereof and piously desireing able Ministers in such places and a competent setled Maintenance for them by the Union of Churches, which is alsoe become necessary by reason of the great Ruine of many Churches and Parishes in the late ill times and otherwise Doe therefore most humbly beseech your most Excellent Majestie That it may bee enacted And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That in every Citty or Towne Corporate and their Libertyes within the Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales which have a Maior and Aldermen and perticular Justices of the Peace by Charter or Commission or Bayliffe or Bayliffes or other Cheife Officer or Officers and other Assistants by like Charter and where two or more Churches or Chappells or a Church and a Chappell and the Parishes thereunto belonging doe lye within the said Corporation or Libertyes thereof convenient to be united, In such cases the Bishop of the Diocesse where such Parish and Parishes are with the consent of the Maior Aldermen and Justices of the Peace Bayliffe or Bayliffes or other Cheife Officer or Officers or the major part of them and of the Patron or Patrons of such Church or Churches Chappell or Chappells shall or may according to due forme of Law unite the said Churches or Chappells, or Church and Chappell or any of them and shall appoint at which Church or Chappell Churches or Chappells the said Parishoners and Inhabitants of the said Parishes or Places to which the said Churches or Chappells or Church and Chappell doe belong, shall usually meete for the Worship of God, and which of the said Churches or Chappells or Church or Chappell shall be united and annexed unto the other which shall be the Church Presentadve unto which all Presentations shall thereafter be onely made, and unto which the Parishoners shall resorte as their proper Church. And after such Order made the said Churches or Chappells or Church and Chappell shall accordingly for ever stand united. And the Parishoners Landholders and Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Places belonging to such Churches or Chappells or Church and Chappell soe united and annexed shall as they or any of them become void and from thenceforward pay all such Tythes and other Dutyes as belong or did belong to the Incumbent of any (*) the said Churches or Chappells or Church and Chappell soe united and annexed unto the Incumbent of the said Presentadve Church or Chappell unto which the said other Churches or Chappells or Church or Chappell shall be soe united and annexed

II.

Parishes to remain distinct as to Rates, Privileges, &c. except as aforesaid.

And it is hereby alsoe enacted That notwithstanding any such Union to be made by vertue hereof each of the Parishes soe united shall continue distinct as to all Rates Taxes Parochiall Rites Charges and Dutyes and all other Priviledges Liberties and respeds whatsoever other then what is herein before mentioned and specified. And Churchwardens shall be elected and appointed for each Parish as they were before such union made

III.

When the Union shall begin.

Presentations.

Proviso for Tenths and Fi m Fruits;

and for Procurations and Pensions.

And it is further enacted and provided That where one or more of the said Churches or Chappells or Church and Chappell soe united and annexed shall be full at the time of makeing such Union That then the said Union shall take effect for every such Church or Chappell upon the first Avoidance after such Union made, And that the severall Patrons of the said Churches and Chappells soe united shall and may present by tumes to that Church onely which shall remaine and bee presentadve from time to time in such order as the said Bishop with the consent of the said Maior Aldermen and Justices of Peace Bayliffe or Bayliffes or other cheife Officer or Officers within such Parishes or the%major part of them and of the Patron or Patrons of such Church or Churches Chappell or Chappells shall determine and decree for the preservation of their respective Rights therein, respect being therein had to the difference of the values of the yearely Maintenance belonging to such Churches or Chappells or any of them; Saveing unto the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors all the Tenthes and First Fruites of all such Churches and Chappells soe to be united according to the Rates and Valuations at which the said Churches and Chappells are rated and valued in the Office of First Fruites and Tenthes in His Majestyes Court of Exchequer, And alsoe reserving all Procurations and Pensions to all persons to whom they are now and have beene formerly or shall be hereafter due and payable Any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

IV. Union not to commence till registered.

Provided alwayes That noe Union of Parishes or Places to be made by vertue of this Act shall commence or be effectuall in Law untill it bee registred in the Register Booke of the Bishop of the Diocesse which the Register is hereby required to doe,

V.

No Union where settled Maintenance shall exceed j£ioo per Annum. Exception.

Provided alwayes That noe Union made by vertue hereof shall be good and effectuall where the setled Maintenance belonging to the Parsons Viccars and Incumbents of the Church or Chappell or Churches or Chappells soe united shall exceede the summe of One hundred pounds per anum cleere and above all Charges and Reprises unlesse the respective Parishoners or the major part of them under their hands desire otherwise

‘ of 0.

17° Car. II. c.3, 4

577

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That every Minister setled as aforesaid the Incumbent of any Church or Chappell or Churches or Chappells united according to this Act shall be the full and lawfull Incumbent thereof to all intents and purposes soe as such Minister be a Graduite in one of the Universityes of this Kingdome.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Owner or Proprietor Owners or Proprietors of any Impropriation Tythes or Portion of Tythes in any Parish or Chapelry within the Kingdome of England or Dominion of W ales is, are and shall be by vertue of this Act inabled and impowered to give or bestow unite and annex the same or any part thereof unto the Parsonage or Viccarage of the said Parish Church or Chappell where the same doe lye or arise, [or setle the same in Trust for the benefitt of the said Parsonage or Viccarage or of the Curate and Curates there successively where the Parsonage is Impropriate and noe Vicar indowed according to his or their respective Estates1 ] without any license ofMortmaine, Any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[And bee it further enacted That if the setled Maintenance of such Parsonages Viccarages Churches and Chappells soe united or of any other Parsonage or Viccaradge with Cure in the Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales shall not amount to the full summe of One hundred pounds per annum cleere and above all charges and reprises That then it shall bee lawfull for the Parson Viccar and Incumbent of the same and his successors to take receive and purchase to him and his successors Lands Tenements Rents Tythes or other Hereditaments without any License of Mortmaine Any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.']

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for continuance of a former Act for regulateing the Presse.

BEE it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestye by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and Commons in this present Parly ament assembled That an Act made in the fowerteenth yeare of the Raigne of Our Soveraigne Lord the King that now is entituled An Act for preventing Abuses in printing seditious treasonable and unlicensed Bookes and Pamphletts and for regulating of Printing and Printing Presses shall be continued with the Alterations and Additions made in and by this Act and shall remaine in force untill the [end of the1] First Session of the next Parly ament.

And bee it further enacted That from and after the Six and twentyeth day of December One thousand six

hundred sixty five Every Printer within the Citty of London or in any other place except the Two Universityes shall reserve Three printed Copies of the best and largest Paper of every Booke new printed or reprinted by him with Additions, and shall before any publique vending of the said Booke bring them to the Master of the Company of Stationers and deliver them to him, One whereof shall by the said Master of the said Company of Stationers within Ten dayes after he hath soe received the same be delivered to the Keeper of his Majestyes Library, and the other two within the said ten dayes to be sent to the Vice Chauncellour of the two Universityes respectively for the use of the publique Libraries of the said Universityes

And it is further enabled That the Printers in the said Universityes and every of them respectively from and after the said Six and twentyeth day of December shall deliver one such printed Copy as aforesaid of every Booke soe new printed or reprinted in the said Universityes or in either of them to the Keeper of His Majestyes Library as aforesaid as alsoe to the Vice-Chauncellour of either of the said Universityes for the time being, two other such printed Copyes for the use of the publique Libraries of the said Universityes respectively. And if any of the Printers aforesaid or the said Master of the Company of Stationers shall not observe the direction of this Act therein That then he and they soe makeing defaulte in not delivering the said printed Copies as aforesaid shall

severally forfeit besides the value of the said printed Copies the summe of Five pounds for every Copy not soe

delivered, as alsoe the value of the said printed Copyes not soe delivered, The same to be recovered by His Majestie His Heires and Successors and by the Chauncellour Masters and Schollers of either of the said Universityes respectively by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoyne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* interlined on the Roll.

7 H

VI. Minister to be a Graduate in University.

VII.

Tithes impropriate may be given ta Churches without License of Mortmain.

VIII.

Where Maintenance under j£ioo. per Ann. Parson may purchase Lands Bcc. without such License.

Roe. Pari. itC.II. mr. 5.

14(13 & 14) C. ii-c. 33. continued.

III.

Every Printer, except the Two Universities, to reserve Three Copies, and deliver them to the Mister of the Stationer’s Company, one for the King, and one for each of the Universities.

III.

University Printers to do the like.

Printers or Master of the Company offending

Penalty.

17° Car. II. c.5, 6.

A.D. 1665.

Rot. Parl. 17 C. II.

mu. 6.

Recital that the said Persons adhere to the King's Enemies beyond Sea.

The said Persons not returning into the Realm, and rendering themselves, by a Day, to stand attainted of High Treason.

II.

All Persons beyond Sea not rendering themselves, upon Proclamation made, attainted of High Treason.

III.

The Time allowed to render.

IV.

Persons serving the United Provinces in certain Places attainted of High Treason.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for attainting Thomas Dolman Joseph Bampfield and Thomas Scott of High-Treason if they render not

themselves by a day.

IN all humble manner shew unto Tour most Excellent Majesde Your Majestyes most dutyfull and loyall Subjects

the Lords Spirituall and Tempo rail and Commons assembled in Parlyament That whereas it is notoriously

knowne that Thomas Dolman Joseph Bampfield alias Stepner and Thomas Scott sonne of Thomas Scott lately executed as a most execrable Traitor and one of the horrid and bloody murderers of His late Royall Majesde King Charles the First of ever blessed Memory contrary to the duty of their Allegiance have most trayterously and wickedly adheered and still doe adheere to Your Majesty es Enimies beyond the Seas where they as yet remaine and committ diverse Treasonable acts without any sence of Loyalrie to Your Majesde or of naturall Affection to their nadve Country May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesde That it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the consent and advice of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal! and Comons in this present Parlyament assembled That if the said Thomas Dolman Joseph Bampfield alias Stepner and Thomas Scot shall not returne into the Realme of England and render themselves to some or one of His Majestyes Jusdces of the Peace for the County wherein he or they shall first arrive at or before the

first day of February next ensueing and alsoe abide their legall Try all for such their Treasons then every of them

the said Thomas Dolman Joseph Bampfield alias Stepner and Thomas Scott not rendring himselfe as aforesaid or not abideing his Tryall aforesaid shall from and after the said First day of February stand and be adjudged attainted of High Treason to all intents and purposes whatsoever and shall suffer and forfeite as a person

of High Treason by the Lawes of the Land ought to suffer and forfeite

And bee it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That all and every person and persons who now are or hereafter shall be beyond the Seas and whom His Majestye by any of His Royall Proclamations to be issued under the Great Seale of England dureing the continuance of this Warr with the States of the United Provinces shall name and require to returne into England and render themselves by a certaine day therein to be mentioned to some or one of His Majestyes [Justices *] of [the *] Peace for the County wherein he or they shall first arrive and shall not returne and render themselves accordingly and abide their legall Tryall shall from and after the day to them to be prefixed by such Proclamation stand and be attainted of High Treason to all intents and purposes

and shall suffer such paines and penaltyes and undergoe all such forfeitures as persons attainted of High Treason

ought to doe,

Provided That the time to be prefixed by such Proclamacbn for the persons therein to bee named to render themselves be not lesse then the time and terme of three Kalandar monethes from and after the Date of such Proclamation

And bee it further declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every His Majestyes Subjects who from and after the First day of February next ensueing shall at any time dureing the continuance of the said Warr serve the States of the United Provinces either by Land or Sea as a Souldier or Seamen [on this side the Straights or from and after the First day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and six within the Straights, Or from and after the First day of August in the said yeare One thousand six hundred sixty six in Affrica or America or any where beyond the Straights on this sidfe the Equino&iall, Or from and after the First day of February in the said yeare One thousand six hundred sixty six in the East Indyes or any part beyond the Equino&iall *] shall be and are hereby attainted of High Treason and shall suffer and forfeite to all intents and purposes as persons attainted of High Treason ought to doe.

CHAPTER VI.

Rot. Parl. 17 C.II. nu. 7.

Recital that Damage Cleer is an unnecessary Charge.

Reasons for passing this Act.

No Damage Cleer to be taken after 29th Sept. 1672.

An Act for takeing away of Damage Cleere.

WHEREAS the Moneyes which are taken by Prothonotaries of Your Majestyes Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas and by the Clerke of Your Majestyes Court of Exchequer at Westminster and the Prothonotary of Your Majesties Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster and the Prothonotaryes and Clerkes of other Your Majestyes Courts within the Realme of England and Dominion of Wales in the name of Damna Clericorum or Dammage Cleere are an unnecessary charge and burden to all Your Majestyes Subjects who have good cause and are putt to sue for Dammages in Actions where Damages are recoverable. For [the3] avoiding of which inconveniendes for the future and that Your Majestyes Subjects may have an easier meanes for the recovery of their damages and just rights, which are unjustly detayned from them May it please Your most Excellent Majestie that it may be enacted And the Kings most Excellent Majestie being willing upon all occasions to ease His Subjects of all unnecessary charges and burdens is gratiously pleased That it be enacted And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Tempo rail and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That immediately from and after the Twenty ninth day of September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy two noe Damage Cleere (4)

1 interlined on the Roll. * annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

’ 0 omits. 4 shall 0.

17° Car. II. c. 6, 7.

579

by any Title or Pretext whatsoever be due payable taken or received from any person or persons in any Action whatsoever sued or prosecuted in any of His Majestyes Courts at .Westminster or elsewhere within the Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales by any Prothonatory Clerke or Clerkes or other Officer or Officers of the said Courts respectively And that from and after the day and yeare aforesaid the said Fee of Damna Clericorum or Damage Cleere shall wholly cease and be for ever abolished in the said Courts And that if any Prothonatory Clerke or Clerkes or other Officer in any of the said Courts shall take or exa€t any summe or summes of Money in the name of Damna Clericorum or Damage Cleere or any thing in lieu thereof after the day and yeare abovementioned, Or if any of the said Prothonataries Clerke or Clerkes or their Deputyes at any time before the said Twenty ninth day of September in the yeare aforesaid shall exact or take any Damage Cleere or summe of Money Bond or Security in lieu thereof from any Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes Demandant or Demandants in any Action where Damages have beene, or hereafter shall be recovered in any of the said Courts or shall refuse or delay to signe any Judgement untill Dammage Cleere be first paid by the Plaintiffe or Demandant (which are not to be paid unlesse forth of the Moneyes leavyed from or paid by the Defendants as is herein after provided and mentioned) he or they soe offending shall forfeite treble the summe soe taken exacted or demanded to the partie or partyes grieved to be recovered by Bill Plaint or Information in any of the said Courts wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

Taking Damage Oeer,

or refuting to sign Judgment till Damage Cleer paid; (Exception);

Penalty.

[Provided and bee it further enacted That untill the Nine and twentyeth day of September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred seaventy and two and noe longer The Damage Clere shall be paid answered and allowed out of such summe and summes of Money onely as shall be actually levyed or otherwise paid by or from the Defendants and onely for the proportion of the summe and summes of money which shall be soe levyed or otherwise paid as aforesaid, and noe more, or otherwise.1]

II.

Out of what Monies and how Damage Cleer to be paid until the said 29th Sept.

CHAPTER Vn.

An Act for a more speedy and effectuall Proceeding upon Distresses and Avowryes for Rents.

FORASMUCH as the ordinary Remedy for Arrearages of Rents is by Distresse upon the Lands chargable therewith And yet neverthelesse by reason of the intricate and dilatary Proceedings upon Replevins that Remedy is become ineffectuall For remedy thereof It is enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the Advice and Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parlyament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That whensoever any Plaintiffe in Replevin shall be Nonsuite before Issue joyned in any Suite of Replevin by [Plaint or *] Writt lawfully returned removed or depending in any of the Kings Courts at Westminster That the Defendant makeing a Suggestion in nature of an Avowry or Cognizance for such Rent to ascertaine the Court of the cause of Distresse The Court upon his Prayer shall award a Writt to the Sheriffe of the County where the Distresse was taken to enquire by the Oathes of Twelve good and lawfull men of his Balywicke touching the Summe in Arreare at the time of such Distresse taken and the value of the Goods or Cattell destrained, And thereupon notice of Fifteene dayes shall be given to the Plaintiffe or his Attoumey in Court of the sitting of such Enquiry and thereupon the Sheriffe shall esquire of the trueth of the matters contained in such Writt by the Oathes of Twelve good and lawfull men of his County, and upon the Retume of such Inquisition the Defendant shall have Judgement to recover against the Plaintiffe the Arrearages of such Rent in case the Goods or Cattell destrained shall amount unto that value. And in case they shall not amount to that value then soe much as the value of the said Goods and Cattell soe destrained shall amount unto together with his full Co6ts of Suite and shall have Execution thereupon by Fieri facias or Elegit or otherwise as the Law shall require.

And in case such Plaintiffe shall be Nonsuite after Conusance or Avowry made and Issue joyned or if the Verdict shall be given against such Plaintiffe then the Jurors that are impannelled or returned to inquire of such Issue shall at the Prayer of the Defendant esquire concerning the summe of the Arreares and the value of the Goods or Cattail destrained And thereupon the Avowant or he that makes Conusance shall have Judgement for such Arrearages or soe much thereof as the Goods or Cattell destrained amounts unto together with his full Costs and shall have Execution for th^ same by Fieri facias or Elegit or otherwise as the Law shall require

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if Judgement in any of the Courts aforesaid be

given upon Demurrer for the Avowant or him that maketh Conusance for any Rent the Court shall at the

Prayer of the Defendant award a Writt to inquire of the value of such Distresse and upon the Retume thereof Judgement shall be given for the Avowant, or him that makes Conusance as aforesaid for the Arreares alledged to be behinde in such Avowry or Conusance if the Goods or Cattell soe destrained shall amount to that value, And in case they shall not amount to that value, then for soe much as the said Goods or Cattell soe destrained amount unto together with his full Costs of Suite and shall have like Execution as aforesaid.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That in all Cases aforesaid where the value of the Cattell destrained as

aforesaid shall not be found to be to the full value of the Arreares destrained for that the partie to whom such Arreares were due his Executors or Administrators may from time to time destraine againe for the Residue of the said Arreares.1]

Roi. Par/. 17 C, //.

«ir. 8.

Reasons for pasting

this A a.

Remedy upon a Nonsuit before Issue.

Writ of Inquiry of Damages.

On Notice to Plaintiff, Sheriff to execute Writ.

Judgment for Defendant.

Execution.

II.

Remedy upon a Nonsuit after Issue.

Judgment for Avowant.

Execution.

III.

Remedy after Demurrer.

Judgment for Avowant.

Execution.

IV.

Where Goods not of sufficient Value, Distress from time to time for residue.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

9 interlined on the Roll.

17° Car. II. c. 8, 9.

A.D. 1665.

Rot* Pari. 17 C.II. nu. 9.

In what Case Death after Verdi A not to be alleged for Error.

II.

Proviso for Administrator de Bonis non suing Scire Facias.

III.

Continuance of A €t.

Rot. Parl. 17 C.II. mu. 2.

Recital of the Vi dory obtained by the Duke of York over the Dutch Fleet.

Grant to the Duke of

£120,902. 15s. 8d. to be raised as by

16 & 17 C. II. c. 1.

Recital of c. t . ante.

The said Sum of *£120,902. 15s. 8d. to be assessed on the several Counties herein-after mentioned.

Rates of Counties.

CHAPTER Vffl.

An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suites and Delayes.

FOR the avoiding of unnecessary Suites and Delayes Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestic by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That in all Actions Personall (1) Reall or mixt the death of either partie betweene the Verdict and the Judgement shall not hereafter be alleadged for Error soe as such Judgement be entred within Two Termes after such Verdict.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid where any Judgement after a Verdict shall be had by or in the Name of any Executor or Administrator In such case an Administrator de bonis non may sue forth a Scire facias and take Execution upon such Judgement.

This Act to continue for the space of Five yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for granting One Months Assessment to His Majestie.

WEE Your Majesty es most duty full and loyall Subjects the Comons assembled in Parlyament takeing notice of that heroicke Courage with which Your Majesties Royall Brother exposed his owne Person for the Defence of Your Majestie and Your People against the Dutch Fleete and of the glorious Victory through die blessing of Almighty God by him obtained are humble Suiters [to*] Your Majestie That we may have leave to some expressions of our humble Thanks to his Royall Highnesse for the same, and that for this end Your Majestie would gratiously please to accepte from us Your loyall Subjects the summe of money herein after mentioned and to bestow the same upon Your Majesties Royall Brother, Wherefore we Your Majestyes said dutyfull and loyall Subjects have given and granted and by these presents doe give and grant unto Your most Excellent Majestie (whom God long preserve) The Summe of One hundred and twenty thousand nine hundred and two pounds fifteene shillings and eight pence to be raised and leavyed in manner following (that is to say) Whereas in and by a certaine Ad lately passed for granting a Royall Ayde unto his Majestie of Twenty sower hundred threescore and seaventeene thousand and five hundred pounds to be raised levyed and paid within the space of Three yeares It was amongst other things enacted That the summe of Threescore and eight thousand eight hundred and nineteene pounds and nine shillings by the Moneth for Thirty six Monthes begining from the Five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty sower should be assessed taxed leavyed and paid by Twelve Quarterly Payments in the severall Counties Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places within England and Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the Rates and Proportions therein expressed. And whereas in and by another A & passed in this present Session of Parlyament It is further enacted That the summe of Fifty two thousand fowerscore and three pounds six shillings eight pence by the Moneth for Twenty sower Moneths begining from the Five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty five shall be likewise assessed taxed collected leavyed and paid by eight quarterly payments in the severall Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede over and above the said summe of Threescore and eight thousand eight hundred and nineteene pounds and nine shillings as an addition to, and increase of the same monethly Assessment Both which Summes together amount unto the summe of One hundred and twenty thousand nine hundred and two pounds fifteene shillings and eight pence by the Moneth. It is now further enabled by the Kings most Excellent Majestie and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Comons in this present Parliament assembled That the summe of One hundred and twenty thousand nine hundred and two pounds fifteene shillings and eight pence for one Monethes Assesment more begining upon the Six and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty seaven and ending upon the Six and twentyeth day of January in the same yeare shall be assessed taxed colleSed leavyed and paid in the severall County es Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the Rates and Proportions following That is to say

For the County of Bedford the summe of One thousand five hundred seaventy and five pounds twelve shillings six pence farthing.

[For the County of Berks the sum of One thousand nine hundred eighty nine pounds four shillings nine pence three farthings.1]

The County of Bucks the summe of two thousand three hundred and ten pounds fowerteene shillings and three pence.

A.D. 1665.

17° Car. II. c. 9.

581

The County of Cambridge the summe of One thousand seaven hundred ninety and one pounds eighteen* shillings three halfe pence.

The Isle of Ely the summe of Six hundred and fowerteene pounds thirteene shillings and nine pence.

The County of Chester with the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester the summe of One thousand seven hundred and seaven pounds thirteene shillings and one penny.

The County of Cornwall the summe of Two thousand seaven hundred and seaven pounds seaven pence farthing.

The County of Cumberland the summe of Two hundred ninety and five pounds thirteene shillings fewer pence farthing.

The County of Derby the summe of One thousand five hundred and fifteene pounds one shilling and three pence three farthings

The County of Devon the summe of Five thousand six hundred seaventy and fewer pounds five shillings eleaven pence farthing.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Exon the summe of Two hundred and fewer pounds eight shillings six pence halfe penny.

The County of Dorset the summe of Two thousand three hundred sixty and two pounds two pence halfe penny.

The Towne and County of Poole the summe of Nineteene pounds five shillings eleaven pence farthing.

The County of Durham the summe of Five hundred sixty and eight pounds eighteene shillings two pence farthing.

The County of Yorke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke and Towne of Kingstone upon Hull the summe of Six thousand ninety and fewer pounds thirteene shillings nine pence three farthings.

The County of Essex the summe of Five thousand seven hundred forty and three pounds fewer shillings eleaven pence three farthings.

The County of Gloucester the sume of Three thousand one hundred seaventy and seaven pounds two shillings nine pence farthing.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester the summe of Sixty and nine pounds fewer shillings three pence farthing.

The County of Hereford the summe of One thousand nine hundred eighty and eight pounds one shilling five pence three farthings.

The County of Hertford the summe of Two thousand three hundred sixty and fewer pounds five shillings and eight pence halfe penny.

The County of Huntington the summe of One thousand one hundred and thirteene pounds five shillings and six pence.

The County of Kent with the Citty and County of the Citty of Canterbury the summe of Five thousand eight hundred forty and fewer pounds thirteene shillings two pence halfe penny.

The County of Lancaster the summe of One thousand seaven hundred sixty and eight pounds nine shillings and ten pence halfe penny.

The County of Leicester the summe of One thousand nine hundred and five pounds eleaven shillings and nine pence three farthings.

The County of Lincolne with the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne the summe of Fower thousand five hundred twenty and three pounds seaventeene shilling and two pence farthing.

The Citty of London with the Liberty of S' Martin Le Grand the summe of Eight thousand nine hundred forty and sower pounds fowerteene shillings two pence three farthings.

The County of Midlesex with the Citty and Liberty of Westminster the summe of Three thousand nine hundred thirty and six pounds and ten pence.

The County of Monmouth the summe of six hundred eighty and five pounds two shillings nine pence three farthings.

The County of Northampton the summe of Two thousand sower hundred eighty and three pounds eighteene shillings three pence farthing.

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the summe of One thousand five hundred thirty and sower pounds seaven shillings two pence halfe penny.

The County of Norffolke the summe of five thousand nine hundred twenty and one pounds seaven shillings sower pence farthing.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Norwich the summe of Three hundred and sixteene pounds fewer shillings fewer pence farthing.

The County of Northumberland with the Townes of Newcastle and Berwicke upon Tweede the summe of Six hundred fifty and sower pounds seaventeene shillings eleaven pence farthing.

The County of Oxo8 the summe of One thousand nine hundred ninety and fewer pounds seaventeene shillings sower pence farthing.

7l

582

17° Car. II. c.9.

A.D. 1665.

II.

The Commitcionen under the said Act, 16 & 17 C. II. c.i. to be Commistionen under this Act, and to hare the like Powers, &c.

The County of Rutland the summe of Fower hundred twenty and two pounds eight shillings one penny farthing.

The County of Salop the summe of Two thousand one hundred and fowerteene pounds twelve shillings eight pence farthing.

The County of Stafford the summe of One thousand sower hundred [ninety1J and seaven pounds fifteene shillings nine pence halfe penny.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Litchfield the summe of Two and twenty pounds sixteene shillings ^ pence farthing.

The County of Somerset the summe of Fower thousand eight hundred sixty and eight pounds eighteene shillings ten pence three farthings.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll the summe of Three hundred and fifty pounds six shillings six pence farthing.

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and the Isle of Wight the summe of Three thousand eight hundred forty and six pounds six shillings and seaven pence.

The County of Suffolke the summe of Five thousand seaven hundred ninety and sower pounds fifteene shillings three pence farthing.

The County of Suney with the Burrough of Southwarke the summe of Two thousand eight hundred and five pounds eleaven shillings six pence halfe penny.

The County of Sussex the summe of Three thousand one hundred ninety and nine pounds fifteene shillings one penny three farthings.

The County of Warwicke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry the summe of Two thousand ninety and sower pounds fifteene shillings eleaven pence.

The County of Worcester the summe of One thousand eight hundred fifty and one pounds ten shillings ten pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester the summe of Ninety seaven pounds nine shillings and three farthings.

The County of Wilts the summe of Three thousand sower hundred fifty and five pounds seaven shillings one penny halfe penny.

The County of Westmerland the summe of Two hundred and three pounds fifteene shillings eight pence halfe penny.

The Isle of Anglesey the summe of Two hundred and twenty pounds fifteene shillings and ten pence.

The County of Brecknocke the summe of Fower hundred ninety six pounds six shillings six pence.

The County of Cardigan the summe of One hundred eighty five pounds sixteene shillings eleaven pence three farthings.

The County of Carmarthen the summe of Fower hundred seaventy eight pounds ten shillings three halfe pence.

The County of Camarvan the summe of Two hundred fifty and seaven pounds eleaven shillings three farthings.

The County of Denbigh the summe of Three hundred ninety and two pounds thirteene shillings eight pence halfe penny.

The County of Flint the summe of Two hundred and eight pounds sixteene shillings three pence three farthings.

The County of Glamorgan the summe of Six hundred sixty and five pounds fowerteene shillings one penny three farthings.

The County of Merioneth the summe of One hundred seaventy and seaven pounds one shilling and nine pence three farthings.

The County of Montgomery the summe of Fower hundred eighty and five pounds eighteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Pembrooke the summe of Five hundred seaventy and three pounds eleaven shillings seaven pence three farthings.

The County of Radnor the summe of Three hundred and six pounds five shillings two pence three farthings.

The Towne of Haverford West the summe of Twenty and six pounds thirteene shillings.

And bee it further enacted That all and every the persons who are appointed to act as ComisSers for execution of the said former Act shall likewise be, and soe are hereby constituted and appointed to be ComisSers for execution of this present A & within the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places for which they were formerly appointed and shall have and execute like Powers and Authorities Rules and Directions touching

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1665.

17° Car. II. c. 9.

583

the better assessing collecting leavying receiving and paying the said One hundred and twenty thousand nine hundred and two pounds fifteene shillings and right pence And all -and every person or persons who shall be lyeable to, or any wayes concerned or imployed in the assessing collecting leavying receiving or paying (1) of the moneyes by this A & imposed shall have like Benefitts Advantages and Discharges and shall be subject to like Penaltyes and Forfeitures in case of any negcleCfc or refusall to pay their respective Assesment or to performe their respective Dutyes as any other person or persons lyeable unto or concerned or imployed in the assessing collecting levying receiving or paying any of the said former Assessments ought to have or be subject unto as fully and amply as if all and every the Clauses Matters and Things to the said former Assesments relateing had beene againe in this Act repeated and enacted.

Attestors, 8rc« to have the like Benefits and to be liable to the like Penalties as under the said Act

And bee it further enacted That the several! Comissers shall meete together at the most usuall and common place of Meeting upon or before the Tenth day of January One thousand six hundred sixty seaven to putt this Act in execution, And that the said One hundred and twenty thousand nine hundred and two pounds fifteene shillings and right pence shall be assessed collected leavyed and paid unto the Receivers of the severall Countyes appointed or to be appointed by His Majestie and by them answered and paid into His Majestyes Exchequer upon or before the Fifteenth day of February One thousand six hundred sixty and seaven.

III.

to meet.

The said

1*0,903.15s. 8<L to be raised and paid on or before the 15th Feb.1667.

ITE queda Petitio privatas Personas concernens (in se forma AChis contmens) exhibits suit predido D3o Regi in

Parliamento fPdi&o cujus Titulus subscribitur.

i. An Act for the naturalization of Lewis Blanquefort and others.

1 any 0.

( 584 )

Annis 18° & 19° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1666.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations continued until the Tenth Day of October, In the NINETEENTH Year of the same King,

In the Sixth Session of the same Parliament.

€x ftotulo i&arUametitf fte 3nnte ttegnt Carol! fceeitn M, ortatoo

et SDectmo tiono

In PARLIAMENTO inchoa! et ten! apud Westmonasteriu Odavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenissimi atq^ EzceUendssimi Dffti nri Caroli Sfcdi Dei Gra Anglie S66e Francie et Hibinie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Dedmo-terdo et per seperales Prorogates usq> ad Decimu Die Oftobris Anno d& Dnii Regis Dedmo-nono continual (scilicet in Sexta ejusde Parliamenri Sessione) Comm uni 5ium Dftorum ta Spualiu qua Temporaliu et Communitatis Consensu et Regie Majestads Assensu sancta inaftitata ordinata et stabilita fuenmt sequenda hec Statuta ad Verbum ut 8equitur (vidett)

Publique Acts

Rot, Pari

l8 & 19 C, 11% IBM. 1.

Reasons for granting to the Sung a Subsidy.

Grant to the King of aos. in every j£ioo. of Personal Estate.

Proviso for Money lent to the King upon the Security of 17 Car. II. c. 1.

CHAPTER L

An Act for raising Moneys by a Poll, and otherwise towards the Maintenance of the present Warn

MOST Gradous Soveraigne Wee Tour Majestyes most obedient and loyall Subjects the Commons now in Parliament assembled haveing taken into our serious Consideration the many and urgent Occasions which at this time doe presse Your Majesde to an extraordinary Expence of Treasure for the Defence of Tour Majesties Kingdomes and DominioAis, and in most thankfull Acknowledgement of Tour Majestyes just and tender Care of the Welfare of Your People Doe most humbly present unto Tour Majesde a free Gift of severall Summes of Money towards the carrying on of the present Warr to be levyed in such manner as is hereafter expressed, and doe beseech Tour Majesde to accepte thereof. And that it may be enacted and bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoride of the same That all and every person and persons Bodyes Pollidque and Corporate Guilds or Fraternities within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede haveing any personall Estate in such Debts owemg to them within the Realme or without, which he or they doe not account and esteeme as desperate, over and besides such just Debts as he she or they shall bona fide owe, or in ready moneyes shall yeild and pay unto His Majesde for every hundred poundB in such Debts and ready Moneyes the summe of Twenty shillings to be assessed, imposed leavyed and collected in manner herein after mentioned. Provided alwayes That noe summe of money which hath beene lent unto His Majesde upon the Securide of the Act passed at Oxford in the Seaventeenth yeare of His Majesties Raigne endtuled An Act for granting the summe of Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds to the Kings Majesde for his present further Supply or lent by the Citty of London upon the Securide of His Majestyes Revenue ariseing by Hearth money at the rate of Six per Cen? and which at the time of the execution of this present Act shall be unpaid, nor any summe of money which shall be lent unto His Majesde upon the Securide of this present Act or upon the Security of any other Act of Parlyament passed or to be passed dureing this present Session of Parlyament at the rate of Six per Cen? shall be rated or assessed by vertue of this Act Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

18° & 19° Cah. II. c. 1.

585

And bee it farther enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons Comissioner or Comissioners haveing useing or exerdseing any Office Place or Publique Imployment whatsoever (such persons who are or shall be in Muster and Pay at Land or Sea onely excepted) and all and every their Deputies Agents Clerkes Secondaries Substitutes and other their inferiour Ministers and Servants whatsoever who are already taxed in [or1] to the said Monethly Assessment for & in respect of their Offices Agencies and Imployments shall likewise pay unto His Majesde over and above the severall summes with which they are or shall be charged in or to the said Monethly Assessment the summe of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive in one yeare by vertue of any Fees, Proffitts Perquisites or other Advantages to him or them accrueing, or by reason or occasion of their severall Offices Agencies and Imployments, And such who are not already taxed in and by the said Monethly Assesment for and in respect of their Comissions Offices Agencies and Imployments shall y$ild and pay unto His Majesde the full summe of Three shillings for every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive in one yeare by vertue of any Fees Proffitts Perquisites or other advantages to him or them accrueing or by reason or occasion of their severall and respective Comissions, Offices, Agencies and Imployments The said severall summes of Twelve pence in every Twenty shillings, and Three shillings in every Twenty shillings to be assessed imposed leavyed and collected in such manner as is herein after mentioned, allowing to every such Officer and ComisSer one Third part of the Anuall Salary or Summe of money he shall soe receive, for and towards his [or1] their charge of executeing any such C5mission Office or Place before mentioned.

And bee it farther enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every other person and persons haveing or claiming to have any Pension or yearely Stipend or Annuity by vertue of any Gifte or Grant from His Majestie under His Great Seale or Privy Seale shall pay unto His Majestie the summe of Three shillings for every Twenty shillings by the yeare soe given or granted as aforesaid to be assessed imployed leavyed and collected in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Sergeants at Law Councellors Attourneyes Solicitors and Scriveners and all Advocates Prodors and publique Notaries and all and every person and persons pradiseing the Art of Phisick, shall pay unto his Majestie the summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive by his and their respective Pradises and Professions in one yeare allowing to every such person and persons of the severall Professions aforesaid one Third part out of such moneyes as he or they shall soe receive in their respective Practices and Professions for and towards the charge and expence occasioned by his or their attendance upon his or their Pradise or Professions aforesaid;

And all and every Servant which at the time of the execution of this Act shall receive WjLges for his, her or their Service shall pay unto His Majestie the summe of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings by the yeare which shall be due or payable to him her or them for his her or their Wages except for Board wages.

And all and every person and persons shall pay unto His Majestie the summe of Twelve pence over "and above the other Rates charged upon them by this Act.

And bee it further enacted That in case any Servant shall upon the demand of such Assesment or Moneyes as are due from him or her by vertue of this Act refuse or negcled to pay the same to the respective Collector in such case his or her Master or Mistresse shall pay such Servants Assessment, And it shall then be lawfull for such Master or Mistresse to dedud and stop the same out of such Wages as shall or ought to be next paid unto such Servant. Any Law or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That noe person who receives Aimes from the Parish nor the Children of any person remaining in his or her Family who by reason of their povertie doth not contribute to the Rates for the Church and Poore and who are under the age of Sixteene yeares shall be charged or taxed by vertue of this present Act.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That every Alien stranger borne out of this Kingdome shall pay double the Summe which he or they ought to have paid in any capacitie whatsoever in this Act mentioned in case he or they had beene naturall borne Subjects.

And bee it further enacted and ordained That all and every person and persons who at the time of the execution of this Act shall be of the severall Rankes and Degrees hereafter mentioned shall to the purpose aforesaid contribute and pay the severall summes of money hereafter in this Act sett downe and* appointed. That is to say Every person of the Degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the summe of Fifty pounds, Every person of the Degree of a Marquese of any of the said three Kingdomes inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the summe of Forty pounds, Every person of the Degree of an Earle of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting or resideing within this Kingdome the summe of Thirty pounds, Every person of the Degree of a Viscount of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome the summe of Twenty five pounds. Every person of the Degree of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting or resideing within this Kingdome the summe of Twenty pounds, Every eldest Sonne of a Duke of any of the said three Kingdomes, and inhabiting

I£.

Public Officers taxed in the Montbly Assessment

(Exception) to pay ts. 4n the Pound of the Profi:s of their Offices.

Officers not taxed in the Monthly Assessment to pay 3s. in the Pound.

III.

Pensions, See. from Government to pay 3a. in the Poun<£

IV.

Serjeants at Law, Counsellors, Advocates, fee. and Persons pradising Physic, to pay as. for every aos.

V.

Servants to pay it. for every aos.

VI.

Every Person to pay is. above the other Rates.

VII. Servants refusing. Master to pay and dedud from Wages.

VIII. Exceptions to the Poll.

IX. Aliens to pay’ Double.

X.

Rates of Payments by Peers, See.

Duke resident in the Kingdom .£50. Marquess s£40.

Earl j£$o.

Viscount ^25.

Baron j£ao.

Eldest Son of Duke of 21 Years d- 30.

1 and O.

7K

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1666.

Eldest Son of Marquess J&5.

Eldest Son of Earl of a 1 Years j£ao. Eldest Son of Viscount of a 1 Years ^17. 10s. Eldest Son of Baron of ai Years ^15. Baronet j£i$. Knight of the Bath *£15.

Knight Batchelor j£io.

Serjeant at Law «£i5.

Esquire of ai Years

Widow to pay the Third Part of Kate ou her late Husband’sDegrees. Gentlemen above 16 Years 20s.

XL

Gentlemen having Estate of 4^300 or more, to pay aos. though an Infant; under that Estate on Oath, not charged.

XII.

Archbishop g£$o.

Bishop j£ao.

Dean £10. Archdeacon j£a. Canons and Prebendaries not rated at above sGxo, a£a. 10s.

Do&orsin Divinity, Law, and Physic,

XIII. Proviso for D.D. not having Benefice, and for widows of Ecclesiastical Persons.

XIV.

Certain

Commissioners under 16 & 17 Car. II. c. x. to be Commissioners under this A 6t.

XV.

Commissioners

added.

or resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of One and twenty yeares the summe of Thirty pounds, Every eldest Sonne of a Marquesse of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of One and twenty yeares the summe of Twenty five pounds, Every eldest Sonne of an Earle of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting or resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of One and twenty yeares the summe of Twenty pounds, Every eldest Sonne of a Viscount of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting or resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of One and twenty yeares the summe of Seaventeene pounds ten shillings, Every eldest Sonne of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting or resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of One and twenty yeares Fifteene pounds, Every person of the Degree of a Baronet of any of the said three Kingdomes or of Nova Scotia and inhabiting or resideing within this Kingdome the summe of Fifteene pounds, Every person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath inhabiting or resideing within this Kingdome the summe of Fiftteene pounds, Every person who is a Knight Batchelor inhabiting or resideing within this Kingdome the summe of Ten pounds, Every Sergeant at Law the summe of Ten pounds, Every person of the Degree of an Esquire or soe reputed inhabiting or resideing within this Kingdome and above the age of One and twenty yeares the summe of Five pounds, Every Widdow respectively according to her Husbands Degree shall pay the Third part rated by this Act upon that Degree of which the Husband of such Wife was in his life time, And every Gentleman or reputed Gentleman above the age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Twenty shillings

Provided alwayes That every Gentleman haveing an Estate of the value of three hundred pounds or more shall be charged with the summe of Twenty shillings by vertue of this Act though he be a Minor under the age of One and twenty yeares, And noe Gentleman not haveing such an Estate and shall thereof make Oath before any two or more of the respective Comissers shall be charged with the said summe of Twenty shillings

in respect of his Title.

And bee it further enacted and ordained That all and every the person and persons within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede who at the time of the execution of this Act shall be of the severall Orders Ranckes or Degrees hereafter mentioned shall to the purpose aforesaid pay the severall summes of money hereafter in this Act sett downe and appointed (that is to say) Every person of the Order and Degree of an Archbishop shall pay the summe of Fifty pounds, Every person of the Order and Degree of a Bishop the summe of Twenty pounds Every person of the Degree of a Deane of any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church shall pay the summe of Ten pounds, Every person of the Degree of an Archdeacon shall pay the summe of Forty shillings, Every person of the Degree of a Canon or Prebendary of any (*) Cathedrall or Collegiate Church, excepting such sole Prebendary [who is a sole Corporacbn1] and his Prebend not rated in the Exchequer at above Thirty pounds shall pay the summe of Fifty shillings Every person of the Degree of a Doctor in Divinity, Law or Phisicke shall pay the summe of Five pounds.

Provided alwayes That noe Doctor of Divinity not haveing any Benefice or Ecclesiasticall preferment shall be charged for his Title or Dignitie of Doctor by vertue of this Act, nor the Widow of any Ecclesiasticall person shall be charged for the third part according to the Title or Dignitie of her late Husband,

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for the better assessing ordering and leavying of the severall summes of money soe as aforesaid limitted and appointed to be paid, and for the more effectuall putting of this present Act in execution such persons shall by vertue of this Act be Comissers for the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede as are nominated and appointed Comissers for putting in execution the Powers in a former Act of this Parlyament entituled An Act for granting a Royall Ayde unto the Kings Majestie of Twenty sower hundred threescore and seaventeene thousand and five hundred pounds to be raised leavyed and paid in the space of Three yeares.

And bee it further declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That these persons hereafter named shall be added ComisSers for the severall Countyes Places and Prednds respectively and shall exercise the same power as if they had beene named in the said former Act (viz1)

Bedford

For the County of Bedford Villiers Chamocke Humphrey Monox John Beecher Thomas Daniell John Gardiner Esqrs Horne Peter Hannan Gen?

Berks

For the County of Berks Sir William Craven Knight John Kingsmell Esq* John With wick Edward Keate Charles Fettiplace William Bowles senior Esqrs John Munday William Packer Richard House Gen? GOly Esq*

Hugh Barker Doctor of Phisicke.

Bucks

For the County of Bucks Sir Charles Clever Knight Sir Timothy Tyrrell Knight and Baronet Sir Fredericke Hyde Thomas Catesby Edward Stafford Esq^s Mathew Archdel Gen? Sir John Busby. For the Towne of Buckingham George Robbins.

1 of any 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1666.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 1

587

Cambridge

For the County of Cambridge Sir John Jacob Baronet Sir Ralph Bovey Baronet Roger Pepys Eftfe Gerard Ruaaell For the Towne of Cambridge Rowland Simpson Alderman.

Ely

For the Isle of Ely William Legat Anthony Fisher Peter Diamond Esqrs.

Chester

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester Thomas Cooper Alderman Edward Bradshaw Esq* Richard Bird Alderman Richard Minshall Richard Tayler John [Pool1] Robert Harvy Aldermen.

Cornwall

For the County of Cornwall John Trelawney of Trelawen Thomas Vivian John Moulesworth Esqrs William Inch Abel French Nicholas Trebarfoote Edward Herle Edward Hoblin Nicholas Herle Walter Leech George Spry William Bond Thomas Dodson John Arundell John [Tregygle*] William Thomas Anthony Tanner John Barret Thomas Penhallow John Tamlin John Verman Richard Williams John Williams Esqrs William Kegwin Henry Edwards Arthur Painter Gen?.

Cumberland

For the County of Cumberland John Warwicke Richard Lamplugh Miles Penington Joseph Patrickson John Senhouse William Orpheur Fardinando Hudleston Leonard Dykes Hugh Ascue Richard Patrickson John Punsenbee Esquiers.

Devon

For the County of Devon Christopher Lord Torrington Richard Duke Gideon Heidon Richard Lee Richard Hillersdon Samuell Roll Arthur Ashford John Bluet William Bragg Mathew Halls Edmond Parker John Mallet Esqrs Sir John Stowell John Chichester Esq>.

Exon

For the Citty and County of Exon John Mallet EsqN Doctor Edward Masters Chauncellour of the Diocesse Eustace Budgell Gen?.

Derby

For the County of Derby George Saville Robert Ashton John Gell John Low John Dun Esqrs Andrew Clayton Robert Moore Gen? Richard Merchant Alderman Edward Abney Esq>.

Dorset

For the County of Dorset Robert Culliford William Frampton Robert Williams Henry Henley junior Humphrey Welde Esqrs, The High Sheriffe for the time being John Ellesdon Sollomon Andrewes (*) John Gallop Gen?.

Poole

For the Towne and County of Poole The Maior for the time being William Okeden Allen Skutt Gen?.

Durham

For the County Palatine of Durham Sir George Fletcher Baronet Robert Shafto Humphrey Wharton Thomas Craddock Christopher Saunderson John Jeffreyson Esqrs Robert Newhouse Edward Arden Gen?.

Essex

For the County of Essex Sir John Archer one of the Justices of the Common Pleas Phillip Saltenston Thomas Cullum Esqrs Timothy Midleton Esq> Sir James Russett Edward Shelton Francis Mildmay.

Colchester

For the Towne of Colchester Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet Master of the Rolls John Eldred senior John Eldred junior Esqrs.

Harwich

For the Towne of Harwich and Dover Court The Maior for the time being Sir Cappell Luckin Knight and Baronet John Eldred junior Esq> Mr George Coleman Daniel Smith Captaine Hunter Alderman Sacke Samuell Newton Alderman Robinson Alderman Garriot Alderman Hawks.

1 Poolie 0.

• Tregaygle 0.

* Gent 0.

588

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 1.

A. DAG 66.

Gloucester

For the County of Gloucester Sir John Treacy Sir William Juxon Sir John Newton Baronets Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir John Points Knight John Meredeth John Vaughan Thomas Carpender William Oldesworth John Browning Thomas Veale of Simons Hall Edward Smith George Brett Roger Lingan Robert Loggin Esqrs William Hancock Conway Whitton Thomas Smith Richard Jones of Hanham Thomas Wise Richard Hart Gen?.

Citty of Gloucester

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester Sir Bainham Throckmorton Knight and Baronet Mr Thomas Aram Merchant Mr John Marston Collonell Richard Atkins William Cooke Esq*

Hereford

For the County of Hereford James Pitts Francis Pember of Elsdon Robert Minors of Treagoe Edward Srrimshall John Bridge of Priors Court Esqrs John Burch of Garnston John Curver of Upton Henry Milbourne William Driver Gilbert Hare Gen?.

Citty of Hereford

Bridstocke [^Hertford *] Esq* Humphrey Diggs Humphrey Howarth James Wellington Gen?.

Hertford

For the County of Hertford Sir Thomas Brograve Sir Robert Joselyne Baronets Sir John Witterong Knight and Baronet Sir Charles Cleaver Knight Robert Dicer John Cesar Ralph Radclife Francis Shalcrosse Edward Chester Thomas Tooke Esqrs Richard Taverner King of Hempesteade Joseph Edmonds Charles Cesar Geoige

Nodes George Poyner Joseph Hatch Charles Chrouch Thomas James John Dagnoll Gen? William Glascocke Esq*.

Saint Albons

For the Borough of S1 Albons Josua Lomax Edward Crosby Thomas Rotherham William Rugg William Ranee Aldermen John Dogget.

Huntington

For the County of Huntington Sir James Beverley John Drydon Anthony Hammon Major Deane of Godmanchester.

Kent

For the County of Kent Sir Thomas Monins Sir Thomas Peirse Baronets Sir John Shaw Knight and Baronet Sir Nicholas Strode Knight Edward Master Elwin Wyat(*) William Wiseman [Esqrs.1] The Maior of Maidstone for the time being.

Canterbury

For the Citty and County of Canterbury William Kingslys Esq*

Dover

For the Cinque Port of Dover James Wyon Esq* William Stocks Jurat.

Sandwich

For the Cinque Port of Sandwich William Freeman Esq* James Thorben junior Gent/

Lancaster

For the County of Lancaster The High Sheriffe for the time being Edmond Ashton of Chatterton Christopher Banister Esqrs Mr. Richard Shutleworth of Gawthrop junior John Hartley Miles Dodding George Fell Esqrs Captaine William Fleming Richard Kenerdine Doctor in Phisicke.

Leicester

For the County of Leicester Richard Lister William Gilbert George Pochin Esqrs John Farrington Esq*.

Leicester Towne

For the Burrough of Leicester Daniell Deacon William Stubbins William Callis John Clarke Gen?

Lincolne

For the County of Lincolne Carr Scrope Richard Newton Richard Pell William Darwin Redman Burrell Thomas Browne George Lucas William Basset John Bishop John Butlar William Skipwith Henry Meller Thomas Fristin Peregrine Bartu Esqrs Augustine Caudron Anthony Newlove William Perkins Miles Long Andrew Slee John Browne Francis Johnson of Spaulding Charles Massingbeard John Greene of Dusby Gen?.

1 Herford 0.

* Esquires 0.

3 Esquire 0.

A.D. 1666.

J8° & 19° Car. II. c. 1.

589

For the Baile of Lincolne Richard Cracroft Lawrence Stampford Gen?.

Midlesex

For the County of Midlesex William Ashburnham Cofferer of His Majesties Household Sir Nicholas Strode of Sl Johns Marke Cotie John Hawtry Edward Palmer Nicholas Townley junior Mathew Blucke William Richardson Charles Porter Ralph Piggot Esqrs Sir John Dethick DoSor Cox Thomas Stringer John Vincent William Thursby Thomas Robinson Esqrs Sir Mundeford Brampston Knight John Jolliffe Lancelot Johnson junior Esqrs*

London

For the Citty of London Sir William Bolton Lord Maior Sir John Langham Sir John Lawrence Sir Richard [Reeves!] Sir Robert Hanson Sir William Hooker Sir George Waterman Sir Charles Doe Mathew Bluck Esqs John Moore Henry Partridge Thomas Blackerby Aldermen Sir Robert Viner Sir Joseph Sheldon Sheriffes Edward Arris Esq.

Westminster

For the Citty of Westminster Sir Thomas Clifford Comptroller of His Majesties Household Sir William Doyly Sir Oliver [Boteler*] Sir George Downing Baronets Sir Robert Carr Sir James Smith Thomas Exton Doctor at Law Lawrence Squib William Loving John Loving Henry Wynn Phillip Warwicke junior George Bennet Esqrs Doctor Troutbecke [Esq/] Henry Aldrich Gen? Thomas Tyndall John Chace Phillip Hanbury Walter Bridall Bryan Baraby John Jesses David Walter John Carance Esqrs Samuell Barrow Doctor in Phisicke Henry Monke Thomas Owen Peregrine Bartu Ambrose Scudamore Thomas Milward Esqrs William Carr Esq Thomas Crompe Robert Stockdale Gentlemen Henry Slingsby Esq Henry Peeke junior Esq Mr. Richard Padgett Mr. George Plucknett Mr. Michaell Arnold Mr. Nicholas Edlyn Ralph Piggot Esq Henry Brunkard Esq.

Northampton

For the County of Northampton Edward Palmer John Parkehurst of Catesby [Esq.4]

Norfolke

For the County of Norfolke John Bayspoole of Hadcos William Richardson Edmond Bell Francis Bell John Bashpoole Gascoyne Weld Esqrs.

Norwich

For the County and Citty of Norwich John Richers Richard Wenman Alderman.

Newcastle upon Tyne

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tyne William Blacket Esq Maior for the time being Sir Nicholas Cole Sir James Clavering Baronets Sir Francis Liddall Knight Robert Shaftoe Esq Recorder Marke Milbanke John Emetson Henry Maddison Esqrs Aldermen Richard Stots Esq The Sheriffes for the time being Robert Marley Esq.

Nottingham

For the County of Nottingham Francis Lorke Esq Mr. Robert Atkinson both of Newarke Harvy Stanton of Stanton Esq.

Oxon

For the County of Oxon Sir Thomas Hampson Baronet Robert Withers James Chamberline Henry Brunkar Esqrs Vincent Barry Esq.

Salop

For the County of Salop Henry Davenport Esq Edmond Pearce of Wilcot Gen?.

Southampton

For the County of Southampton Sir Charles Windham John Smith Esq Sir John Cloberry William Stephens Nicholas Dorrel Esqrs James Worsley Gen? Carew Reynel Esq Henry Doyley Thomas Knight Gen?.

For the Towne of Portsmouth Benjamin Johnson and Hugh Salisbury Gen?.

Winton

For the Citty of Winton Sir Robert Mason [and4] Nicholas Darel Esq

> Rives 0. • Bo tier 0. * Esqrs 0.

4 Esquires 0.

» 0. omits.

V01..V.

7L

590

18" & 19° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1666.

Somerset

For the County of Somerset Sir John Stowel Knight James Prouse Cadwallader Jones William Strode Edward Strode Richard Davadge James Stedman John Baber Hugh Tynt Esqrs Thomas Dyke Richard Musgrave Gen?

Bristoll

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll Sir Humphrey Hooke Knight Joseph Creswicke Thomas Stephens Henry Lloyd Gen?.

Bath

For the Citty of Bath Henry Chapman John Pearce Gen?

Stafford

For the County of Stafford Jonas Grosvenor Esq*

Suffolke

For the County of Suffolke Francis Burwell William Ferneley Esqrs Thomas Arris Doctor in Phisicke Doctor Bryan Smith Mr. Edward Spencer Edward Man John Cordell Esq* William Hamon Gen? Thomas Edgar of Ipswich Esq* Barrodell Millisen of Norton Gen? John Duke Esq* Ambrose Duke Gen?.

Sudbury

For the Towne of Sudbury Nathaniell King John Cooke Christopher Petit Thomas King Aldermen.

Sussex

For the County of Sussex John Ashbumham Edward Blaker Henry Brunkard Esq*s George Edmonds Captaine John Eversfeild John Backshall Gen? Edward Cooper Esq* John Matchell Francis Gratwicke Esquiers.

Hastings

For the Cinque Port of Hastings Benjamin Polsted John Hide Gen?

Rye

For the Cinque Port of Rye William Holman John Martin Gen?.

Surry

For the County of Surry Sir Francis Duncombe Baronet Sir Ceril Wiche Sir Thomas Thinn Sir William Throckmorton junior Rowland Jucks Edward Cooper William Chislet Richard Mountney Edward Freeman Esq*s Stephen Harvy Henry Houghton Esqrs.

Southwarke

For the Burrough of Southwarke Sir Edward Bromfield Baronet Sir Thomas Clergis Knight Edmond Clay Thomas Lenthall John Childe Esqrs Richard How William Sherlock senior William Adams Jeremy Baines John Apleby Richard Smith Gen?.

Warwicke

For the County of Warwicke John Stratford Fulwood Skipwith Henry Pudsey Esqrs.

Westmerland

For the County of Westmerland Christopher Crackenthrope Chistopher Dalston Christopher Teasdell William Dawes Robert Philipson William Midleton Henry Wilson Robert Braithwaite Richard Ducket William Guy Esqrs.

Wilts

For the County of Wilts Sir Robert H6ward Knight Giles Hungerford Esq* The Maior of Maryborough for the time being The Maior of the Devises for the time being Thomas Gunter Esq* Mr. Edmond James Mr. John Jacob Mr. Thomas Vilet Mr. Giles Aleworth Mr. Charles Yorke George Johnson Esq*.

Sarum

For the Citty of New Sarum Thomas Gunter Esq* Alderman Slaune George Vennard James Harris Doctor Hurst.

Worcester

For the County of Worcester William Washbourne Robert Staner Esqrs William Dowdeswell Gent.

t^.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 1

591

Worcester Citty

For the Citty of Worcester The Maior and Aldermen and Sheriffes for the time being Sir John Packington Baronet Sir Rowland Berkeley Knight Samuell Sandys senior Thomas Hall Thomas Streete Esqrs Samuell Johnsons Mathew Skinner [Dodor1] of Fhisicke Robert Wilde Humphrey Wildey Richard Bedoes Edward Cookesey Wintour Harris John Bearecroft Humphrey Tirer Thomas Twitty John Tyas Gen?

Yorke

For the North Rideing in the County of Yorke Mr. Geldart of Wiggenthorp Richard Turner of Tunstall Roger Tockets John Wentworth William Hustler Esqrs William Dawson Gent Sir John Hewley Roger Colvel Gen? Ralph Stephenson William Palmes Edward Chaloner Esqrs John Hill of Thornmanby Gen?

Yorke East Rideing

For the East Rideing in the County of Yorke John Wentworth John Herne Ralph Warton James Moyser Esqrs Edward Gray the elder Edward Gray the younger Gen?.

Yorke West Rideing.

For the West Rideing in the County of Yorke John Stanhope Esqs Francis Carr Gen? William Ellis Henry Edmonds John Hopton Christopher Drisfeild Henry Slingsby Robert Wivell Robert Brandling Esq^s Ralph Banister John Cooke Gen? John Savile of Meathley Esq

Kingston upon Hull

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull William Lister Esq^ Lambart Alderman.

Brecon

For the County of Brecon Sir Walter Williams Baronet Lehunt Esq^ Daniell Williams of Penpont

William Bowen and David Gwen Gen?.

Cardigan

For the Towne of Cardigan The Maior for the time being Thomas Parry Esq> John Morrice Alderman.

Glamorgan

For the [Towne*] of Glamorgan Sir Edward Stradling Baronet John Windham Edmond Lewis Richard Seyes of Bouerton Walter Thomas Martin Button Thomas Button Esqrs.

Merioneth

For the County of Merioneth Captaine John Nanny Lewis Lewis John Lluid of Keavenraes Hugh Nanny of Fesdnog Gen?.

Monmouth

For the County of Monmouth Henry Milbome Charles Milbome Bennet Hoskins John Hoskins Herbert

of Newton Herbert Jones Gen?.

Pembrooke

For the County of Pembrooke Thomas Phillips Esqs High Sheriffe for the County of Pembrooke Walter Vaughan James Haward Esqrs Essex Merrick William Woogan Esqrs Thomas [CoxonJ] Gen?.

Haverford West

For the Towne and County of Haverford West Walter Vaughan Esqs John Bateman Robert Prust Richard Fowler Gen?.

Which said Comissers in order to the speedy execution of this Act shall in their respective Counties Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places meete together at the most usuall or common place of Meeting within each of the said Counties Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places respectively at or before the Fowerteenth day of February next ensueing, And the said Comissers or soe many of them as shall be present at the first generall meeting or the major part of them may by their consents and agreements divide as well themselves as other the Comissers not then present for the [Excution4] of this Act in Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Wards Townes and other Places within their Limitts priviledged or not priviledged in such manner and forme as to them shall seeme expedient and shall direct their severall or joynt Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants High Constables Pettit Constables Bayliffes and other like Officers and Ministers and such number of them as they in their discretions shall thinke most convenient requireing them to appeare before the said C5missers at such time and place as they shall

1 Dodo's 0. • County 0. 1 Cozen 0. 4 Exccucon O.

General Meeting of Commissioners 14th Feb. next)

to dire A Precept 1 to Inhabitants, Constables, &c. to attend.

592

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1666.

rod thereupon the Commissioners to read, &c. the Rates openly;

rod prefix other Days for bringing in Certificates of Names, &c. of Persons residing within certain Limits, together with the Assessments; Penalty

and also the Names of Persons to be Collectors.

Payment to Head Collectors. Certificates and Assessments to be returned to Commissioners on i st March next, who are thereupon to issue Warrants, &c. for collecting the Assessments, Collectors to demand Payment within Six Days after Receipt of Warrant, and to levy and pay the same on 8th April 1667 and if not paid then, Distress upon Sub-collector.

XVI. Duplicate of Sum charged within every Hundred, &c. to be returned into the Exchequer under the Hands and Seals of Commissioners, before 20th April next;

Appeals to be first determined; and like Duplicates to be delivered to Receivers General, and Money paid before 30th April 1667.

Commissioners may examine Presenters of Certificate, and if they have cause to susped that Property is of a greater Value than represented, then to proceed against the Parties.

Commissioners may esquire, but not on Oath, into the Value of Property assessed.

XVII. Commissioners may appoint Head Collector; whose Receipt shall be a Discharge to Sub-collector. ad. in the Pound to Sub-collector. Head Collector to pay to Receiver General;

whose Receipt shall be a Discharge to Head CoUedor. id. in the Pound to Head Collector. Receiver General to pay into Exchequer. Allowance to Receiver General.

appoint not exceeding Eight dayes And at such their appearances the said Comissers or soe many of them as . shall be thereunto appointed shall openly reade or cause to be reade unto them the Rates in this Act mentioned, and openly declare the effect of their charge unto them and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates according to the Rates aforesaid, And shall then and there prefix another day to the said persons to appeare before the said Comissers and bring in their Certificates of the names and simames quallities degrees and titles of all and every the persons dwelling or resideing within the limitts of those places with which they shall be charged and of the substances and values of every of them in Money Debts Annuall Fees Perquisites Wages Proffitts Emoluments and other things chargeable by this Act without concealement love favour dread or mallice upon paine of forfeiture of any summe not exceeding Five pounds to be leavyed as by this Act is appointed, And shall then alsoe retume the names of two or more able and sufficient persons within the limitts and bounds of those Parishes or places where they shall be chargeable respectively as aforesaid to be Collectors of the moneyes due to His Majestie by this Act For whose paying in to the Head Collectors in manner following such moneyes as they shall be charged withall the Parish or place by whom they are soe imployed shall be answerable Which Certificates and Assesments shall be ascertained and returned into the Comissers at or before the First day of March next ensueing and upon the delivery and returning in of such Certificates or Assesments unto the said ComisSers they or any two or more of them shall forthwith issue out and deliver their Warrants or Estreets to such Collectors as aforesaid for the speedy collecting and leavying of the said Assesments and all Moneyes and Rates due thereupon according to the intent and subsequent directions of this present Act. Of all which the said Collectors are hereby required to make demand of the partyes themselves, or at the places of their last abode within six dayes after the receipt of such Warrants or Estreates and to levy and pay in the same on or before the [eigth1] day of Aprill One thousand six hundred sixty seaven at such place as the Comissers shall appoint unto their respective Head Collectors who are hereby impowered and required to call upon and hasten their Sub Collectors to the said payment, and after the said [eigth1] day of Aprill to leavy by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the Comissers upon [any *] Subcolledor by Distresse such summe and summes of Money as ought by him to have beene paid and is not paid by reason of his sailer in doeing his duty according to the direction of this Act, soe as every Head Collector may and shall make payment of the full summe by him to be paid at or before the fifteenth day of the said Moneth of Aprill unto the respective Receivour Generali who is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collector

And bee it enacted That a true Duplicate of the whole summe charged within every Hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or place rated and assessed in pursuance of this Act without nameing the persons shall under the Hands and Seales of two or more of the Comissers thereunto appointed be returned into His Majesties Exchequer before the Twentyeth day of Aprill next ensueing (all Appeales being first determined) And that like Duplicates be alsoe in convenient time made out and delivered unto the Receivers Generali and Head Collectors according to their respective Colledions soe as every of them may be duely charged to answere their respective Collections and Receipts and that the money due thereupon be paid into His Majesties Exchequer before the Thirtieth day of the said moneth of Aprill One thousand six hundred sixty seaven. And upon retume of any such Certificate the said Comissers or any three or more of them shall and may if they see cause examine the Presenters thereof, And if the said Comis§ers or any three or more of them within their severall limitts shall have certaine knowledge or vehemently susped that any person or persons in the said Certificate mentioned is or are of a greater Value or estate then in the said Certificate is mentioned The said Comissers or any three or more of them shall have power to wame such person or persons to appeare before them at a day and place prefixed to be examined touching their Substance and Value, or touching other matters which may any way conceme the Premisses, And if the person or persons warned to be soe examined shall negcled to appeare (not haveing a reasonable excuse for such his Defaulte) every person soe makeing Defaulte shall pay unto His Majestie double the summe of the Rate he should or ought to have beene sett at. And moreover the said Comissers or any three or more of them shall have power by all lawfull wayes and meanes without Oath to examine and inquire into the value and substance of such persons chargeable by this Act, And to sett such rate or rates upon every such person or persons as shall be according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And bee it enacted That the said Comissers or any three or more of them in their respective Division or Hundreds shall and are hereby impowered to nominate and appoint under their hands and seales an honest able and responsable person to be Head Collector unto twhom the moneyes [paid3] by the Sub Collector shall be duely paid as aforesaid whose Receipt shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Sub Collector which Sub Collector for gathering the said perticular summes shall retaine in his hands for every Twenty shillings by him soe paid Two pence as a reward for his paines and service, And the said Head Collector is hereby required upon the receipt thereof to pay the same [unto4] the Receiver Generali of each County respectively in manner aforesaid And for his soe doeing the said Comissers are hereby impowered and required to take such good Securitie as they shall thinke fitt. Consideration being therein had of the said Collectors Receipt, And the said Receivers Generalls Acquittance shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Head Collector who shall retaine in his hands for every Twenty shillings by him soe paid One penny as a reward for his paines and service, And the said Receiver Generali shall (before the Thirtyeth day of Aprill aforesaid) pay the whole summe by him received into His Majestyes Exchequer, and shall have an allowance of Two pence in the pound for all moneyes which shall be by him paid into the Receipte of the Exchequer by the time prefixed in this Act, and for soe much as shall be by him paid in after the time prefixed One penny in the pound and noe more.

1 eight 0.

• interlined 011 the Koll.

* received 0.

4 to 0.

A.D. 1666.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 1.

593

And for the carefull writeing and transcribeing the said Warrants Estreates and Duplicates in due time Bee it further enacted That the Comissers Clerks who shall respectively performe the same shall by Warrant under two or more of the C5mis§ers hands have and receive from the respective Head Collectors Two pence in the pound of all such moneyes as he shall have received by vertue of such Warrants and Estreates who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly

And bee it further enacted That if any Head Collector shall not pay into the Receiver Generali within the time limited by this Act all summes of money by him received by vertue of this Act That then the said ComisSers or any two or more of them being informed thereof are hereby impowered and required to imprison every such Head Collector and alsoe to seise and secure the Estate both reall and personall of such Head Collector or which shall from him descend or come into the hands or possession of his Heires Executors or Administrators whereever the same can be discovered or found. And the said Comissers who shall soe seize and secure the Estate of any Head Collector shall be and are hereby impowered to appoint a time for the general! meeting of the Comissers

of such County Citty or Towne and there to cause publique notice to be given [at1] the place where such meeting

shall bee appointed ten dayes at least before such generall meeting, And the C5mis3ers present at such generall meeting or the major part of them in case the moneyes detained by such Head Collector be not paid or satisfied as ought to be according to the directions of this Act shall and are hereby impowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates or any part of them which shall be for the cause aforesaid seised and thereby to secure and pay all the money in arreare in such Head Collectors hand for His Majestyes use and retume the overplus deducting necessary charges to such Head Collector his [Heires1] Executors and Administrators respectively. And if any person or persons shall refuse to pay the severall summe and summes and proportions appointed by this Act for such person to pay upon demand made by the Officer or Collector of the place according to the Precept or Estreats to him delivered by the said Comissers It shall and may be lawfull to and for such Officer or Collector, who are hereby thereunto authorized and required for non payment thereof to destraine the person or persons soe refuseing by his or their Goods or Chattells and the distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of sower dayes at the costs and charges of the Owner thereof. And if the said Owner doe not pay the summe of money due by this Act within the said sower dayes, then the said Distresse to be apprized by three* or two of the Inhabitants where the said Distresse is taken and there to be sould by the said Officer for payment of the said money and the

overplus comemg by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the charges of takeing and keeping the said Distresse

to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof And if any person or persons assessed by this A d shall refuse [or neglect *] to pay the summe or summes soe assessed by the space of twenty dayes after demand as aforesaid where noe sufficient Distresse can or may be found whereby the same may be levyed, in every such case three or more of the Comissers by this Act appointed for any such Citty County or Place are hereby authorized by warrant under their Hands and Seales to commit such person or persons to the common Goale there to be kepte without Baile or Maineprize untill payment shall be made, And if any person certified assessed or rated finde him or herselfe agreived with such assessing or rateing, and doe within ten dayes after demand thereof made complaine to the Comissers, The said Comissers or any two or more of them, whereof one of the Comissers who signed or allowed his or her Rate to be one shall and may within Fowerteene dayes next after such Complaint perticularly examine the person soe complaining upon his or her Oath of his or her personall Estate aforesaid, And upon due examination or knowledge thereof abate defalke increase or inlarge the said Assessment, And the same soe abated increased or inlarged shall be estreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid. And to that end the said C5misiers are hereby required to meete together for the determining of such Complaints and Appeales accordingly

And bee it further enabled That every person rated for his Office shall be rated and pay for his said Office in the place where the said Office is executed, And every person to be otherwise rated shall be rated and the summe or summes on him or her sett and levyed at such places where he or she and with his or her Family shall be resident at the time of the execution of this Act, And that all persons not being Householders nor haveing a certaine place of abode and all Servants shall be taxed at the place where they are resident at the time of the execution of this Act, three moneths before the execution of this Act.

XVIII. Commissioners' Clerks 2d. per Pound.

XIX.

Head Collector not paying;

Imprisonment and Real and Personal Estate to be seized.

Commissioners seizing to give Notice of Meeting.

Commissioners at such Meeting may sell the said Estates for Payment

returning Overplus.

Persons assessed refusing to pay on Demand, Officer , may distrain.

Proceedings

thereon.

Persons assessed not paying in 20 Days ; and where no sufficient Distress, Party to be imprisoned in the Common Gaol without Bail.

Persons aggrieved by Rate, See. may complain to Commissioners.

Commissioners to meet to hear Complaints.

XX.

Officers to be rated where their Office executed.

Other Persons, not being Housholders, See. and Servants, where they live.

Provided alwayes That if any person haveing severall Mansion houses or places of Residence shall be doubly charged by vertue of this Act That upon Certificate made by two or more of the Comissers for the County Citty or Place (which Certificate the said CSmissers are required to give without delay fee or reward) of his or their last personall Residence under their Hands and Seales of the summe or summes there charged upon him or them and in what capacitie or respect he or they were soe charged and upon Oath made of such Certificate before the Comis§ers to whom such Certificate shall be tendred which Oath the said Comissers are hereby authorized to administer. Then the person and persons soe doubly charged shall (for soe much as shall be soe certified) be discharged in every other County Citty or Place, And if any person at the time of the Assessing shall be out of the Realme such person shall be rated where such person was last abideing within the Realme. And if any person that ought to be taxed by vertue of this Act by changing his place of residence or by fraude or coven shall escape from the Taxation and not be taxed and the same proved before the Cdmissers or two of them, or two Justices of the Peace of the County where such person dwelleth or resideth at any time within Six moneths next ensueing after such Taxe made, Every person that shall soe escape from the said Taxation and payment shall be charged upon

XXI.

If Persons having several Mansions be doubly charged.

How such Persons to be discharged.

Persons out of the Realm to be rated at last Place of Abode. Persons escaping from Taxation to be charged at double Value.

7 M

18" & 19° Cak. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1666.

proofe thereof at the double value of soe much as he should or ought to have beene taxed by the Ad, The said double value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the ComisSers or Justices before whom such proofe shall bee made to be levyed of the Goods Lands and Tenements of such persons towards the Supply aforesaid.

XXII. Commisdoners may tueu other Commissioners and Assessors.

And bee it further enacted That the Comissers which shall be within any County or Place within their respective limitts or the major part of them shall taxe and assesse every other Comisser joyned with them and the Comisiers within their Division shall assesse every Assessor within their Division And as well all summes upon every the said Comissers and Assessors as the Assessments made and presented by the Presenters as aforesaid shall be written estreated leavyed and gathered as it should and ought to have beene as if the said ComisSers had not beene named Comissers.

XXIII. Collector for Peer*.

XXIV. Proviso for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey and Guernsey.

XXV.

Treasurers of Nary and Ordnance to retain id. in the Pound out of Monies paid to and issued by them.

XXVI. Assessors and others appointed by Comissioners, neglecting Duty, Penalty.

To be certified into Exchequer. Commissioners from time to time to requite Accounts from Receiver General, and in case of Failure Money to be levied.

XXVII.

If any Controversy between Commissioners concerning Rates,

Proceedings. Questions touching the Rates to be determined by Two or more Commissioners. Receiver General to give Acquittances to Head Collectors, and Head Collectors to Sub-collectors gratis.

Sub-collectors to deliver to Head Collector a Schedule of Names, &c. of Persons making Default, to be returned into the Exchequer.

XXVIII. Proviso against Double Charge in respect of Tides.

XXIX. Letters Patent from the Crown of Privileges, &c. or Non obstantes not to exempt from Payment of Assessment.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That the severall Rates and Taxes to which the Lords and Peeres of this Realme shall be lyeable by vertue of this Act shall be received by a Collector to be nominated by the Peeres which said Collector shall cause the same to be paid into His Majestyes Receipte of Exchequer at Westminster upon or before the aforesaid thirtyeth day of Aprill,

Provided That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey or Guernsey for or concerning any such personall Estate as aforesaid which they or any other to their use have within the places aforesaid

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the respective Treasurers of His Majesty es Navy and Ordnance are hereby authorized and required to take and retaine unto themselves and such as shall be respectively imployed by and under them One penny in the pound and noe more out of the moneyes raised by vertue of this Act and paid unto and issued out by them to any person or persons in pursuance thereof to be allowed unto them in their respective Accompts.

And bee it further enacted That if any Assessor Collector Receiver or other person appointed by the ComisSers shall willfully negcled or refuse to performe his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this present Act, the said respective Comissers or any three or more of them may and shall by vertue of this Act impose on such person or persons soe refuseing or negcleding their Dutyes any fine not exceeding the summe of Twenty pounds for any one offence the same to be leavyed and certified as aforesaid into His Majestyes Court of Exchequer and charged upon the respective Receiver Generali amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid, and the said Comissers or any two or more of them may or shall from time to time call for and require an Accompt from the respective Receiver Generali of all the Moneyes received by him of the said Head Collectors and of the payment thereof into His Majestyes Receipte of Exchequer according to the direction of this Act And in case of any sailer in the premisses the said Comissers or any two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith leavyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And in case of any controversie ariseing betweene the [said*] CdmisSers concerning the said Rates or Assessments, the Comissers that shall be concerned therein shall have noe voice but shall withdraw dureing the debate of such controversy untill it be determined by the rest of the CdmisSers And all questions and difierencies that shall arise touching any of the said Rates Taxes Assesments or Leavyes shall be heard and finally determined by two or more of the Comissers upon complaint thereof to them made by any person or persons thereby grieved without further trouble or Suite in Law And the said Receiver Generali shall give Acquittances gratis to the said [Head*] Collectors for all moneys of them received & the said Head Collectors shall alsoe give Acquittances gratis to the Sub Collectors for all such moneys as shalbe pd by them in pursuance of this Act, which Acquittances shall be a full Discharge to the said Head Collectors and Subcolledors respectively. And the said Sub Collectors shall make and deliver to the said Head Collectors a perfect Schedule fairely written in Parchment under their hands and seales signed and allowed by any two or more of the respective Comissers containing the names simames and places of abode of every person within their respective Collection that shall make defaulte of payment of any of the summes that shall be rated or assessed on such person by vertue of this Act and the summe and summes charged on every such person. The same Schedule to be delivered by the Head Collector to the Receiver Generali of that County Citty Towne or Liberty respectively to be by him returned into His Majestyes Exchequer Whereupon every person soe makeing defaulte of payment may be charged by Processe of the Court according to the course thereof in that behalfe

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That noe person shall by vertue of this Act be doubly charged for or in respect of severall [Honours Titles3] or Degrees but that every such person shall be charged and assessed for such Title Honour or Degree onely as is highest rated by this Act.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe Letters Patents granted by the Kings Majestie or any of His Royall Progenitors or to be granted by His Majestie to any person or persons Cittyes Burroughes or Townes corporate within this Realme of any manner of Libertyes Priviledges or Exemptions from Subsidyes Tolls Taxes Assessments or Ayds shall be construed or taken to exempte any person or persons Citty Burrough or

18° & 19° Car. II. c. I.

595

Towne corporate or any the Inhabitants of the same from the burthen and charge of any sumrae or summes of money granted by this Act or any other Act of this Parlyament now in force to the Aid and Supply of His Majesde in the present Warr, And all Non obstantes in any such Letters Patents made or to be made in barr of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the supply or assistance of His Majesde are hereby declared to be void and of none effect, Any such Letters Patents Grants or Charter or any Clause of Non obstante or other matter or thing therein contained or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That if any person being a Receiver of money due upon any former Act of this present Parlyament not haveing accompted for all the moneyes by him received and to be accompted for upon such Act or Acts before Michaelmas One thousand six hundred sixty six shall be appointed Receiver for any the moneyes due by this Act and shall intermedle therein, every such person shall forfeite the summe of Five hundred pounds to be recovered by any person or persons that will sue for the same in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoyne Protestion Wager of Law Aid Prayer Priviledge Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more then one Imparlance.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That thirty thousand pounds and noe more of the money to be raised by this Act may be applyed for the payment of His Majesties Guards.

[Provided neverthelesse And bee it further enacted That all and every the Peeres who are to be rated by vertue of this Act for their Offices and personall Estates shall be rated by John Lord Roberts Lord Keeper of the Privy Seale George Duke of Buckingham George Duke of Albemarle Generali of His Majestyes Forces by Sea and Land Edward Earle of Manchester Lord Chamberlaine of His Majestyes Household Anthony Earle of Kent Richard Earle of Dorset John Earle of Bridgewater James Earle of Northampton Oliver Earle of Bolingbrooke Thomas Earle Rivers Arthur Earle of Essex Arthur Earle of Anglesey Charles Earle of Carlisle William Earle of Craven Richard Lord Archbishop of Yorke Humphrey Lord Bishop of London George Lord Bishop of Winchester Benjamin Lord Bishop of Lincolne Seth Lord Bishop of Exeter Edward Lord Bishop of Carlisle John Lord Bishop of Rochester Henry Lord Arlington one of His Majestyes Principall Secretaryes of State George Lord Berkley of Berkley Castle Phillip Lord Wharton Charles Lord Howard of Charleton William Lord Grey of Warke Francis Lord Newport John Lord Lucas John Lord Bellasyse Charles Lord Gerard of Brandon Charles Lord Cornwallis and Anthony Lord Ashley Chauncellour and Under Treasurer of His Majestyes Exchequer or any five of them and not otherwise and shall not be subjefted to the Imprisonment of his or their Persons Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.1]

And to the intent that all Moneyes to be lent to Your Majesde and the Moneyes that shall be due upon Contrafts for Wares Shipps Goods Victualls or other Necessaries which shall be delivered for this Service may be well and sufficiently secured out of the Moneyes ariseing and payable by this Act Bee it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That there shall be provided and kepte in Your Majestyes Exchequer (to witt) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt One Booke or Register in which all Moneyes that shall be paid into the Exchequer shall be entred and registred apart and distinct from all other Moneyes paid or payable to Your Majesde or to Your Heires or Successors upon any other Branch of Your Revenue or upon any other Accompte whatsoever. And that there be one other Booke or Registry provided and kepte in the said Office of all Orders and Warrants to be made by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or by the Comissers of the Treasury for the time being, for payment of all and every summe and summes of Moneyes to all persons for Moneyes lent Wares Goods or Victualls or other Necessaryes bought or Shipps hired, or other payments directed by Your Majesde relating to the service of this Warr. And that noe Moneyes levy able by this Act be issued out of the Exchequer dureing this Warr but by such Order or Warrant mentioning That the Moneyes payable by such [Order or1] Warrant are for the service of Your Majesde in the said Warr respectively. That alsoe there be the like Booke or Registry provided and kepte by the said Auditor of all Moneyes paid out or issued by vertue of such Orders and Warrants.

And that it shall be lawfull for any person or persons willing to lend any money, or to furnish any Wares Victualls Shipps Goods or other Necessaries on the Credit of this Act at [the1] usuall times when the Exchequer is open to have accesse unto and [review3] and peruse all or any of the 6aid Bookes for their Information of the state of those Moneyes and all ingagements upon them for their better incouragement to lend any moneyes or furnish any Goods Wares Victualls Shipps or other Necessaries as aforesaid. And that the Auditor of the Receipte his Deputyes and Clerkes shall be assistant to such persons for their better and speedier satisfaction in that behalfe. And that all and every person and persons who shall lend any Moneyes to Your Majesrie and pay the same into the [Receipt of the*] Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his Repayment beareing the same Date with his Tally, in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for forbearance after the Rate of Six per Cent1 per Annu for his consideration to be paid every three Moneths untill the repayment of his Principall. And that all person and persons who shall furnish Your Majestie, Your Officers of the Navy or Ordnance with any Wares Goods Shipps Victualls or any other Necessaries for the Service aforesaid shall upon Certificate of the Comissers and Officers of the Navy or of the

XXX. Former Receiver in Arreir acting,

Penalty *£500.

XXXI. 3&3O0OO to the King’s Guards.

XXXII.

By whom Peers to be rated for their Offices and Personal Estate.

XXXIII. Repayment of Monies lent how to be secured.

Books to be provided.

Monies not to be issued out of Exchequer but by Warrant as herein mentioned.

XXXIV. Lenders of Money and Furnishers of Wares, &c. under this Act to have free Access to Books.

Tally of Loan to Lender, and Warrant forlntcrest at a€6 per Cent, per Ann. to be paid every Three Months.

Persons furnishing the Navy and Ordnance to have Warrant for

596

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1666.

Payment on Certificate, which is to be had without Fee.

Orders for Re-payment to be registered accoraing to Date of Tally, and paid in course;

without Preference.

Whether for Payment of Monies lent or for Goods &c. furnished to the Navy, &c.

Monies to come in by this A €t liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for providing or making Books, &c. or for Payment of Money lent;

Penalty.

Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer;

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Deputy

Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller not making Payments in due Order;

Penalty.

XXXV.

How all such Penalties to be recovered.

XXXVI. Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day.

XXXVII. Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

XXXVIII. Orders for Payment of Money lent may be assigned by Indorsement.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Master or Comissers and Officers of the Ordnance or some of them without delay forthwith have made out to them Warrants or Orders for the payment of the Moneyes due or payable unto them, which Certificates the said Officers of Your Navy ComisSers and Officers of the Ordnance shall make without Fee Charge or Delay And that all Orders for Repayment of Money lent shall be registred in course according to the Date of the Tallyes respectively. And that all Orders signed by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for payment of moneyes for Goods Wares Victualls and other Necessaries furnished to Your Majestie Your Officers Master or Comisiers as aforesaid shall be registred in course according to the time of bringing to the Office of the Auditor of Receipte the Certificates above-mentioned. And that all Orders soe signed for payments directed by His Majestie shall be entred in course according to their respective Dates and none of the sortes of Orders above mentioned either for Loanes of Money Supplyes of Wares Goods Victualls or other necessaries or by spedall direction shall have preference one before another but shall all be entred in their course according to the dates of the Tallyes the times of bringing their Certificates and the dates of the Orders for Payments directed by His Majestie as they are in pointe of time respectively before each other, And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred in the said [Register'] Booke be it Orders for Payments directed by His Majestie or [of*] moneyes lent, or for Wares Commodities Shipps Victualls or other necessaries furnished as aforesaid soe as that the person Native or Forreyner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Warrant or Order Warrants or Orders first entred in the said Booke of Registry shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the moneyes to come in by vertue of this Act, And he or they that shall have his or their Warrants or Orders Warrant or Order next entred shall be taken and accounted the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course And that the moneyes to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order lyeable to the satisfaction of the said respective partyes their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not be divertable to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever. And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any Your Majestyes Subjects for providing or makeing of any such Bookes Registers Entries View Search or Certificate in or for payment of money lent or the Interest thereof, or for payment of any money upon any Order upon any Contraft for Wares and Goods furnished to the use of Your Majesties Navy and [Ordinance*] as aforesaid by any of Your Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerkes or Deputyes on paine of payment of treble damages to

the party greived by the partie offending with Costs of Suite, And if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such

Fee or reward then to loose his place alsoe, And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made

either in point of Registring contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the

partie offending shall be lyeable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the partie grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office, And if such preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction or Privity of his Master then such Deputie or Clerke onely shall be lyeable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office, And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells record or the Tellar make payment according to each persons due place and order as afore[said4] directed then he or they shall be

judged to forfeite, and their respective Deputyes and Clerks herein offending to be lyeable to such Action Debt

Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid.

All which said Penaltyes Forfeitures Dammages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer Navy or Ordnance or any their Deputies or Clerkes shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or

Information in any of His Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoyne Protection Priviledge

Wager of Law Injunction or Order of restrainte shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loane or Certificates for

Wares delivered, or Orders for Payments directed by Your Majestie as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipte to be registred then it shall be interpreted noe undue Preference which of these he enters first soe he enters them all the same day.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any penaltie in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Tellar doe pay subsequent Orders of persons

that come and demand their money and bring their Orders before other persons that did not come to demand their

money and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie their Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kepte for them Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the money is soe reserved and kepte in banke for them

And bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That every person or persons to whom any moneyes shall be due by vertue of this Act after Warrant or Order entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement of his Order or Warrant may assigne and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Warrant or Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an entry and memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for Warrants (which the Officers shall on request without [Fee5] or charge accordingly make) shall intitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefitt thereof

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 1, 2.

597

and payment thereon, And such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe Tories quories and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignments to make void, release or discharge the same or the moneyes thereby due or any part thereof.

A«ipc may in like Manner assign.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may pleade the generall Issue not guilty, and upon any issue ioyned may give this Act and the speciall matter in Evidence And if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him, the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to [the1] Defendants,

In Actions brought touching Execution of this Act, General issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

CHAPTER IL

An Act against importing Cattell from Ireland and other parts beyond the Seas and Fish taken by Foreigners.

WHEREAS by an Act of this present Parlyament entituled An Act for the encouragement of Trade amongst other things some Provision was made for the preventing of comeing in of vast Numbers of Cattell whereby the Rents and Values of the Land of this Kingdome were much fallen and like dayly to fall more to the great Prejudice Detriment and Impovrishment of this Kingdome which neverthelesse hath by experience beene found to be ineffectuall and the continuance of any Importation either of the Leane or Fatt Cattell dead or alive herein after specified not onely unnecessary but very destruftive to the welfare of this Kingdome Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual 1 and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled That such Importation from and after the second day of February in this present yeare One thousand six hundred sixty and six is a publique and common Nusance

and shall be soe adjudged deemed and taken to be to all intents and purposes whatsoever, And that if any great

Cattell Sheepe or Swine or any Beefe Porke or Bacon (excepte for the necessary Provision of the respective Shipps or Vessells in which the same shall be brought not exposeing the same or any part thereof to Sale) shall from and after the said second day of February by any wise whatsoever be imported or brought from beyond Seas into

this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede That then it shall and may

be lawfull for any Constable Tythingman Headborough Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poore or any of them within their respective Liberties Parishes or Places to take and seize the same and keepe the same dureing the space of Eight and forty houres in some publique and convenient place where such Seizure shall be made within which time if the Owner or Owners or any for them or him shall make it appeare unto some Justice [of the Peacel] of the same County where the same shall be soe seized by the Oath of two credible Witnesses which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby impowered and required to administer That the same were not imported from Ireland or from any other place beyond the Seas not herein after excepted after the said Second day of February Then the same upon the Warrant of such Justice of Peace shall be delivered without delay But in defaulte

of such Proofe and Warrant then the same to be forfeited, One halfe [thereof1] to be disposed to the use of the

Poore of the Parish where the same shall be soe found or seized the other halfe to be to his or their owne use that shall soe seize the same.

And for the better encouragement of the Fishery of this Kingdome Bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Ling, Herring, Codd or Pilchard fresh or salted, dryed or bloated or any Salmons Eeles or Congers taken by any Foreigners Aliens to this Kingdome shall be imported uttered sold or exposed to sale in this Kingdome That then it shall and may be lawfull for any person or persons to take and seize the same, The one halfe thereof to be disposed of to the use of the Poore of the Parish where the same shall be soe found or

seized, the other halfe to his or their owne use which shall soe seize the same.

Rot. Pari

l8 & 19 C.II. nu.l.

Recital of

15 C. II. c. 7. § 13.

Importation of Cattle declared a common Nuisance. Importing Cattle; (Exception)

Cattle to be seized.

How Seizure to be proceeded with.

In what Case to be forfeited.

II.

Importing Fish taken by Foreigners

to be seized and disposed of.

Provided alwayes That noe thing in this Act shall be construed to hinder the Importation of Cattell from the Isle of Man in this Kingdome of England soe as the number of the said Cattell doe not exceede Six hundred Head yearely And that they be not of any other Breed then of the Breed of the Isle of Man And that they be landed at the Port of Chester or some of the members thereof and not elsewhere This Act to continue unrill the end of seaven yeares and from thence to the end of the first Session of the next Parlyament.

III.

Proviso for Importation of Cattle from the Isle of Man. Continuance of Act.

* 0. omits.

9 interlined on the Roll.

7n

598

18° & 19° Car. II. c.3—5.

A.D. 1666.

CHAPTER in.

Rot. Parl.

18 k 19C.II.nu. 3.

Recital of

*4(13 & 14) c.ii.

c. 22.

The said Act continued.

An Act to continue a former Act for preventing of Thefite and Rapine upon the Northeme Borders of England*

WHEREAS an Act was made in the fowerteenth yeare of the Raigne of Our Soveraigne Lord the King that

now is endtuled An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northerne Borders of England

which Act is very neere expireing and hath beene found very necessary for the preservation of those places from that great number of lewd disorderly [and lawles *] persons that usually frequented thereabouts Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons of this present Parliament assembled That the said Act and every Clause and Clauses

therein contained and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby given be, continue and remaine in force

untill the end of Seaven yeares from the expiration or determination of the fore-mentioned Act

II.

Clergy taken away from Thieves in Northumberland, &c.

or otherwise, Offenders to be transported.

And bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That the Benefitt of Clergy shall be taken away from greate knowne and notorious Theives and Spoile takers in the said Countyes of Northumberland Cumberland or either of them dureing the continuance of this present Act who shall be duely convicted for Theft done or committed within the said Countyes, or either of them, Or otherwise That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Justices of the Assize and ComisSers of Oyer and Terminer or Goale delivery before whom such Offenders shall be convicted within the said Countyes or either of them to transport or cause to be transported the said Offenders and every of them into any of His Majestyes Dominions in America there to remaine and not to retume Any former Law Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Rot. Parl.

18 & 19 C.II. nu. 4.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Burying in Shirt, &c. made other than of Wool; Penalty *£5.

Distress on Goods of the Party interred, or of Persons offending.

H.

Proviso respecting Persons dying of the Plague.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for Burying in Woollen onely.

FOR the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdome and prevention of the Exportation of the Moneyes thereof for the buying and importing of Linnen Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by (*) Authoride thereof That from and after the Five and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty seaven Noe person or persons whatsoever shall be buryed in any Shirt Shift or Sheete made of or mingled with Flax Hempe, Silke, Haire, Gold or Silver or other then what shall be made of Wooll onely, or be putt into any Coffin lined or faced with any thing made of or mingled with Flax Hempe Silke or Haire upon paine of the forfeiture of the summe of Five pounds to be imployed to the use of the Poore of the Parish where such person shall be buryed for and towards the provideing a Stocke or Worke house for the setting them at worke to be levyed by the Church wardens and Overseers of the Poore of such Parish or one of them by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace or Maior Alderman or Head Officer of Citty Towne or Place Corporate respectively within their severall Limitts by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the partie interred contrary to this Act rendering the overplus, or in defaulte thereof by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of any that had a hand in the putting such person into such Shift Sheete or Coffin contrary to this Act, or did order or dispose the doeing thereof to be levyed and imployed as abovesaid.

Provided that noe penalde appointed by this Act shall be incurred for or by the reason of any person that shall dye of the Plague though such person be buryed in Linnen.

CHAPTER V.

Rot. Parl.

18&19 C.II.nu.$.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Gold and Silver to be coined gratis.

An Act for encourageing of Coynage.

WHEREAS it is obvious that the plenty of Current Coynes of Gold and Silver of this Kingdome is of great advantage to Trade and Commerce For the Increase whereof Your Majestie in Your Princely Wisedoroe and Care hath beene gratiously pleased to beare out of Your Revenue halfe the Charge of the Coynage of Silver money For the preventing of which Charge to your Majestie and the Encouragement of the bringing Gold and Silver into the Realme to be converted into the Current Money of this Your Majestyes Kingdome Wee Your Majestyes Dutyfiill and Loyall Subjects doe give and grant unto Your Majesty the Rates Dutyes or Impositions following, And doe beseech Your Majestie that it may be enacted, and bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoride of the same That whatsoever person or persons Native or Foreigner Alien or Stranger shall from and after the Twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty and six bring any Forreigne Coyne Plate or Bullion of Gold or Silver in Masse molten or allayed, or any sort of Manufacture

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 5

599

of Gold or Silver into His Majestyes Mint or Mints within the Kingdome of England to be there melted downe and coyned into the current Coynes of this Kingdome shall have the same there assayed melted downe and coyned with all convenient speede without any Defalcation Diminution or Charge for the Assaying Coynage or Waste in Coynage Soe as that for every pound Troy of Crowne or Standard Gold that shall be brought in and delivered by him or them to be assayed melted downe and coyned as aforesaid there shall be delivered out to him or them respectively a pound Troy of the current Coynes of this Kingdome of Crowne or Standard Gold, And for every pound Troy of Sterlin or Standard Silver that shall be brought in and delivered by him or them to be assayed melted downe and coyned as aforesaid there shall be delivered out to him or them respectively a pound Troy of the current Coynes of this Kingdome of Sterlin or Standard Silver and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser weight. And for every pound Troy of Gold or Silver that shall be brought in and delivered to be assayed melted downe and coyned as aforesaid that shall be finer upon essay then Crowne Gold or Standard Silver there shall be delivered for the same soe much more then a pound Troy as the same doth in proportion amount unto in finenes and value, And for every pound Troy of Gold or Silver that shall be brought in and delivered to be assayed melted downe and coyned as aforesaid that shall be courser or baser upon essay or worse in value then Crowne Gold or Standard Silver there shall be delivered for the same soe much lesse then a pound Troy as the same doth fall short in finenes or value and soe for a greater or lesser quantity.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That there shall be noe preference in point of Assaying or Coynage, but that all Gold and Silver brought in and delivered into the Mint to be assayed and coyned shall be assayed coyned and delivered out to the respective Importers according to tfr order and times of bringing in and delivering the same into the Mint or Mints and not otherwise, Soe as he that shall first bring in and deliver any Gold or Silver to be coyned shall be taken and accounted the first person to have the same assayed coyned and delivered. And he or they that shall bring in and deliver any Gold or Silver next, to be accounted the second person to have the same assayed coyned and delivered and soe successively in course, And that the Gold and Silver brought in and coyned as aforesaid shall be in the same order delivered to the respective bringers in thereof their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before the other and not otherwise And if any undue preference be made in entring of any Gold or Silver or delivering out of any money coyned contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act by any Officer or Officers of the Mint or Mints then the partie or partyes offending shall be lyeable by Action of Debt or in the Case to pay the value of the Gold or Silver brought in and not entred and delivered according to the true intent meaning and direction of this Act as aforesaid with Damages and Costs to the partie or partye' 0reived and shall be forejudged from his or their Place or Office, And if such preference be unduely made by any his or their Deputie or Deputyes Clerke or Clerks without direction or privity of his or their Master or Masters then such Deputie or Deputyes Clerke or Clerks onely shall be lyeable to such Action Damage and Costs as aforesaid and be for ever after uncapeable of serveing or bearing Office in any Mint in the Kingdome of England,

For every Pound Troy of Gold or Silver brought, there is to be delivered a Pound Troy of Current Coin.

For every Pound Troy of Gold and Silver finer than Standard to much more than a Pound Troy delivered; and for baser Gold or Silver 10 much lew.

II.

Coined Money to be given out in turn and course without Preference.

Making undue Preference, by Officer; Penalty and Low of Office.

by Deputy t

Penalty and Incapacity.

Provided alwayes That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any Penalty in point of delivery of Moneyes coyned if the Officer or Officers or their Deputyes or Clerkes shall deliver out or pay any moneyes coyned to any person or persons that doe come and demand the same upon subsequent Entryes before others that did not come to demand their moneyes in their order and course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie them which shall not be otherwise disposed of but kepte for them

III.

Payment to Peraool first applying on subsequent Orders no uiidue Preference.

And for the more orderly and cleare performance [thereof1] Bee it enacted, And it is hereby enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That the Master worker of His Majestyes Mint or Mints for the dme being shall at the dme of the delivery and entry of any Gold or Silver in the said Mint or Mints give unto the bringer or bringers in thereof to be coyned a Bill under his hand denoteing the Weight Finenes and Value thereof together with the day and Order of its Delivery into the said Mint or Mints.

And for the further Encouragement and Assurance of such as shall bring any Gold or Silver into His Majestyes said Mint or Mints to be coyned Bee it enabled And it is hereby enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That noe Confiscation Forfeiture Seizure Attachment Stop or Restraint whatsoever shall be made in the said Mint or Mints of any Gold or Silver brought in to be coyned for or by reason of any Imbargo, breach of the Peace Letters of Mart or Reprisall or Warr with any Forreigne [Nation *] or upon any other Accompt or pretence whatsoever But that all Gold and Silver brought into any of His Majestyes Mint or Mints within the Kingdome of England to be coyned shall truely and with all convenient speede be coyned and delivered out to the respective bringer or bringers in thereof their [respective3] Executors Administrators or Assignes according to the Rules and Directions of this Act.

And whereas it cannot be reasonably expected that the Expence Waste and Charge in assaying melting downe and coynage be borne by Your Majestie And for the further encouragement of Coynage Bee it enacted And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for every Tunn of Wines Vinegar Syder or Beere that shall be imported or brought into the Port of London or into any other Port Creeke or place within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede from any parts beyond the Seas or Scotland from and after the twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and six there shall be levyed collected and paid the summe of Ten shillings. And for every Tunn of Brandy wines or

IV.

Dills under the Mint Master's Hand to Persons bringing Gold or Silver to be coined.

V.

Gold or Silver brought to be coined freed from Attachments, &c.

and all such Gold, &c. to be deliveied. to the bringer.

VI.

The Charge of Coinage defrayed by a new Impost on certain Liquors. Wine, Vinegar, Cyder, and Beer imported, 10s. per Ton.

J8° & 19° Car. II. c.5.

A.D. 1666.

Brandy-wines and Strong Waters,

2 os. per Ton ; over and above all other Duties.

Collectors to pay Duty Quarterly into the Exchequer, to be kept distinct.

VII.

Remedy for the Duties.

VIII. Liauors re-exported within one Year, Duty to be repaid.

Strong Waters that shall be imported as abovesaid the summe of Twenty shillings and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity to be levyed collected and paid at the respective Custome houses to the Collectors and other Officers of the Customes for the time being at the Importation of the said Commodities over and above all other Dutyes charged levyable and payable upon the said Commodityes and to be by them distinguished and kepte apart from all other moneyes by them collected and levyed upon the same Comodityes or upon any other Comodides or Merchandises whatsoever and to be by the said Collector or Collectors respectively soe answered and paid quarterly into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Your Majestie Your Heires and Successors, there alsoe to be kepte distinct and apart from all other moneyes ariseing by the Customes or by any other way or Revenue whatsoever which said Duty they are hereby injoyned to receive and pay according to the severall Directions of this Act without any Salary or Fee.

[And bee it further enacted and declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That all manner of Wines Vinegar Sider Beere Brandy wines and Strong waters imported as aforesaid shall pay their severall and respective Dutyes imposed by this Act, And upon non payment thereof shall be lyeable to such and the same paines penalties and forfeitures as in and by the late Acts for Tonnage and Poundage and for Frauds are enacted and appointed upon non payment of the Dutyes by the said Acts imposed upon Goods and Merchandises of the same nature with those mentioned in this Act.x]

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enacted That for what of the aforesaid Commodities shall be transported into any parts beyond the Seas within the terme and space of one yeare after the Importation thereof That the Duty paid by this Act for the same shall be repaid by the respective Collectors of the Customes for the time being.

IX.

Money raised to be applied to Coinage, &c.

No Monies to be issued out of Exchequer but by Warrant from Treasury. Contents of such Warrants.

X.

The annual Charge of Salaries and Repairs restrained to 3000.

Overplus of Monies to be employed towards Coinage.

XL

Continuance of Ad.

XII. Proviso for Lady Villiers under Letters Patent of 20th August 12 Car. 11

And it is hereby further enacted That noe moneyes levyable and payable by this Act shall be applyed or converted to any use or uses whatsoever other then to the defraying the charge [and expence*] of the Mint or Mints and of the assaying melting downe Waste and Coynage of Gold and Silver and the encouragement of (’) bringing in of Gold and Silver into the said Mint or Mints there to be coyned into the current Coynes of this Kingdome, Nor shall any of the said moneyes be issued out of the Exchequer but by Order or Warrant of the Lord Treasurer or Under Treasurer or Comissers of the Treasury for the time being to the Master and Worker or Masters and Workers of Your Majesties Mint or Mints for the time being and mentioning that they are for the use and service aforesaid to be kepte in His Majestyes Office of Receipte in the said Mint or Mints under the usual] Keyes of the Warden Master and Worker and Comptroller for the time being and issued out thence from time to time according to the manner and course of the said Mint or Mints respectively.

And it is hereby further enacted That there shall not be issued out of the Exchequer of the said Moneyes in any one yeare for the Fees and Salaryes of the Officers of the Mint or Mints and towards the provideing maintaining and repairing of the Houses Offices and Buildings and other necessaries for assaying melting downe and coyning above the summe of Three thousand pounds Sterlin money, And the overplus of the said moneyes soe kepte or to be kepte as aforesaid shall be imployed for and towards the expence waste and charge of assaying melting downe and coynage and buying in of Gold and Silver to coyne and not otherwise.

And lastly Bee it enacted And it is hereby enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That this Act shall continue and be in force untill the twentyeth day of December which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy one, and untill the end of the first Session of Parlyament then next following and noe longer

[Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted That whereas His Majestie in and by his Letters Patents under His Great Seale dated at Westminster the Twentyeth day of August in the Twelfth yeare of His Raigne did for diverse good causes and considerations Him moveing give and grant to Dame Barbara Villiers Widdow the summe of Two pence by tale out of every pound weight Troy of Silver moneyes which from thenceforth should be coyned by vertue of any Warrant or Indenture made and to be made by His Majestie His Heires and Successors To have hold receive perceive and take the same unto the said Dame Barbara Villiers her Executors Administrators and Assignes from the Ninth day of the then instant August weekely as the said moneyes should be coyned for and dureing the terme of one and twenty yeares as by the same doth appeare That His Majestie may out of the moneyes leviable by this Act appoint and cause reasonable satisfaction to be made yearely to the said Dame Barbara Villiers her Executors and Administrators for her Interest in the Premisses not exceeding the summe of Six hundred pounds in any one yeare.x]

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

9 interlined on the Roll.

5 the O.

i

A.D. 1666.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 6, 7

601

CHAPTER VL(')

An Act Explanatory of the Act for raiseing Moneyes by a Poll and otherwise towards the Maintenance of this

present Warn

ll / WHEREAS by an Act of this present Session of Parlyament intituled An Act for raiseing moneyes by a Poll T ▼ and otherwise towards the Maintenance of this present Warr It is enacted That all and every person and persons shall pay unto His Majestie the summe of Twelve pence over and above the other Rates charged upon them by [this*] Act. To prevent all doubts that may arise in the execution thereof Bee it enacted and declared by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the said summe of Twelve pence shall be charged upon and be paid by every person of what age sex or condition soever within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede other then such persons who receive Aimes from the Parish and the Children of any person remaining in his or her family who by reason of their poverty doth not contribute unto the Rates for Church and Poore and which are under the age of sixteene yeares and are therefore exempted by the said Act.

And be it further enacted That the respective Parents Guardians and Tutors of every person under the age of One and twenty yeares shall upon defaulte of payment by such person and upon demand pay Twelve pence for every such person resideing in their family or under their Tuition and not exempted as aforesaid.

And bee it enacted That every person and persons charged or appointed to make any payment by vertue of this present Act shall be compellable by the ComisSers appointed by the before redted Act or any two or more of them to pay the same according unto the Rules and Methods and under the Penaltyes for paying the Rates expressed in the said recited Act.

And bee it further enacted and declared That every person or persons charged by the said recited Act for his or their Profession Office or in respect of any other capadtie chargeable by this or the aforesaid Act who shall finde him or themselves overcharged shall and may upon his or their Appeale before the Cdmissers in the said Act mentioned or any two or more of them upon his or their severall Oathes discharge him or themselves in such manner and forme as persons overrated for thdr personall Estates are by the said Act enabled.

And bee it enacted That all persons not being Householders nor haveing a certaine place of abode and all Servants shall be taxed at the place where they shall be resident at the time of the execution of the said Act and not otherwise.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act for erecting a Judicature for Determination of Differences touching Houses burned or demolished by

reason of the late Fire which happened in London.

TT THERE AS the greatest part of the Houses in the Citty of London and some in the Suburbs thereof have V V beene burnt by the dreadfull and dismall Fire which happened in September last Many of the Tennants Under tennants or late Occupiers whereof are lyeable unto Suites and Actions to compell them to repaire and rebuild the same and to pay their Rents as if the same had not beene burned and are not releiveable therein in any ordinary course of Law and great Differences are like to arise concerning the said Repaires and new Building of the said Houses and payment of Rents which if they should not be determined with all speede and without charge would much obstruct the rebuilding of the said Citty. And for that it is just that every one concerned should beare a proportionable share of the losse according to their severall Interests wherein in respect of the multitude of cases varying in their circumstances noe certaine generall rule can be prescribed Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas and the Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the time being or any three or more of them sitting at the same time and place and not otherwise shall be and are hereby authorized [from time to time1 ] to heare and to determine all Differences and Demands whatsoever which have arisen or may any way arise betweene Landlords Proprietors Tennants Lessees Under Tennants or late Occupiers of any the said Houses or Buildings with their appurtenances or the Courts or Yards Grounds and Wharfes or any person or persons haveing or claiming any Estate Right Title Interest in Law or Equity or Trust Charge or Incumbrance of or in the same or their or any of their Heires Executors Administrators Successors or Assignes or any other persons for touching or concerning the repaireing building or rebuilding of the said Houses or Buildings Yards Courts Grounds and Wharfes, or any other Grounds lyeing within that part of the Citty and Suburbs thereof lately burnt pulled downe or otherwise demolished defaced or otherwise ruined by reason of the

•This Chapter is intituled Chapter I. 19 Car. II. and the consequent Numbers observed in the Seven subsequent Acts as of 19 Car.II. in the common printed Editions; in the Long Calendar at the Parliament Office it is entered thus, Nu. is. Ann. Car. II. 18° et 19°

• the said 0. 5 interlined on the Roll.

7 O

Rot, ParL

18 & 19 C» //• aa. 6.

Recital of c.i.ante.

Upon what Persons the Sum of nd. in the said Act mentioned is to be charged.

II.

Parents, &c. to pay for Minors.

III.

Persons charged compellable to pay by the Rules, &c. of the said Act.

IV.

Appeal for Persons overcharged.

V.

Lodgers and Servants to berated where resident.

Rot. Parl.

18 A19 C.//.•». 7.

Recital that Suits and Differences are likely to arise in consequence of the late Fire.

Three or more of the Judges made a Court.

Their Power.

18° & 19° Car. II. c.T.

A.D. 1666.

Timet, Placet, and Manner of Proceeding*.

Order of the said Court final, except at after mentioned.

No Writ of Error or Certiorari.

II.

Judget general Power at to ordering Surrenders, increasing or diminishing Charges on Estates, new Leases, &c.

Such Orders to bind notwithstanding Coverture, Infancy, &c.

III.

Court may issue Summons to appear.

Persons making Default, on Oath of Notice,

Court may proceed to make Order.

What Service deemed good.

said Fire or for or concerning the payment defalcation apportioning or abatement of any Rent or Rents other then Arreares of Rent onely due before the First day of September One thousand six hundred sixty and six, or for or touching any Covenant Condition or Penalty relateing thereunto, or for touching or concerning the prefixing or Unfitting of any time for such Repaires or new Building Rebuilding or any Rate or Contribution to be borne or paid thereunto by any person or persons Bodyes polUtique or corporate interested in the Premisses, and all Incidents relateing thereunto. And that they or any three or more of them from time to time, and at such place or places as they or any three or more of them shall thinke fitt from time to time with or without any Adjournment summarily and sine forma et figura judidj and without the formalities of proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity shall and may upon the verdict or inquisition of Jurors testimony of witnesses upon oath, Examination of partyes interested, or by all or any of the said wayes or otherwise according to their Discretions proceede to the hearing and determining of the Demands or Differences betweene the said Partyes concerning the premisses, and that the definitive Order of the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them as aforesaid shall bee finall as betweene the said partyes their Heires Executors Administrators Successors and Assignes and all claiming by from or under them as touching the matters contained in such Orders from which there shall be noe Appeale or Review otherwise then as is hereafter mentioned Nor shall any Writt of Error or Certioriari lye for the removall or reversall of the same.

And bee it further enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them as aforesaid shall have Authoritie and are hereby impowered where they shall thinke it convenient to order the surrendring, increasing abridgeing ceasing determining or charging of any Estates in the Premisses or to order new or longer Leases or Estates not exceeding Forty yeares to be made of any of the premisses by the Proprietors or Owners thereof or other persons interested therein to any Tennant or Subtennant or late Occupiers of the same their Executors Administrators Successors or Assignes at such Rents and Fines or without any Rent or Fine as they shall thinke fitt unlesse in such Cases where the Lawes of this Realme doe forbid the Diminishing of auntient and accustomable Rents, All which Orders according to the Tenors thereof shall be obeyed by all persons concerned therein respectively and shall conclude and binde them their Heires Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes respectively, notwithstanding any Disability in respect of Coverture Infancy Non sanity of Memory Estate Taile or in Right of the Church or otherwise And that Infants Femes Covert Ideots, Persons of Non sane Memory or beyond the Seas Tennants in Taile Bishops Deanes and Chapters and other Ecclesiasticall persons and their Successors Corporations and all other person or persons Bodyes Naturall and Pollitique their Heires and Successors and their respective Interests shall be bound and concluded by such respective Order or Orders according to the Tenor or Purporte thereof Any Law Statute or Custome or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the better enableing the said Justices and Barons to proceede with effect in the said Causes Bee it alsoe enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them as aforesaid upon the complaint or request of any person or persons concerned in any of the said Houses or Buildings and other the premisses shall issue out Notes or Warrants under their hands, or the hands of any such three of them thereby warning the person or persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate therein named and concerned in the said late Houses or Buildings and other the premisses in such Complaint mentioned to appeare before them at such time and place as in such Note or Notes shall in that behalfe be specifyed, And upon appearance of the said person or persons summoned or upon defaulte of appearance and oath made of due notice given to him or them (which oath and all other oathes necessary to the Execution of the Powers given by this Act the said Justices and Barons or any three of them are hereby enabled to administer) The said Justices and Barons or any three of them may proceede to make such finall and definitive Orders as aforesaid, and that such Service of the said Note or Notes as is usually allowed to be a good service in cases of Subpena shall be accounted to be a good service in the cases aforesaid.

IV.

The said Court to be a Court of Record.

Judgments to be signed and recorded.

The Records to be kept by Lord Mayor, &c.

Judges to have no bees.

V.

Officers’ Fees.

The Court to order a Table thereof.

Continuance ofA&.

And bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the said Justices and Barons or any three of them for the matters and according to the powers herein before mentioned shall be, and shall be taken to be a Court of Record, and that the Judgements and Determinations which shall be made betwixt partie and partie by authoritie of this Act shall be recorded in a Booke or Bookes of Parchment to be provided for that purpose, and that every such Judgement and Determination shall be signed by three or more of the said Justices or Barons Which said Booke or Bookes of Record shall be placed and intrusted [in the custody 1 ] of the Lord Maior and Aldermen of the Citty of London for the time being to be kepte with the Records of the said Citty, and to remaine as a perpetuall standing Record, unto which all persons concerned or which shall be concerned shall or may repaire to view the same, and thereout to take Copies of all such Judgements and Determinations as shall relate to him her and them And that none of the said Justices and Barons shall take any Fee or Reward whatsoever directly or indirectly for any thing to be done by them by vertue or colour of this present Act.

And bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That for a reward of the Officers to be imployed herein the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them as aforesaid are hereby enabled to order and direct a Table of such reasonable Fees to be made as may carry on and effect the purporte and intent of this Act This Act to continue till the last day of December which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and eight and noe longer.

A.D. 1666.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 7, 8.

603

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That where any such Order or Decree as is aforesaid shall be made by a lesser number of Justices and Barons then Seaven, it shall be lawfull for any person agrieved by such Order or Decree to present his Exceptions to the same in writeing within seaven dayes next after such Order or Decree made to the Cheife Justices and Cheife Baron for the time being or any two of them, who shall forthwith communicate the same to the rest of the said Justices and Barons who are hereby required to heare the Partyes and examine and consider the said Exceptions, And if any Seaven or more of them shall subscribe thereunto that they finde probable cause of complaint Then it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Seaven or more of the said Justices and Barons within Twenty dayes next following such Exceptions delivered to review the said former Order or Decree, And thereupon to reverse confirme enlarge diminish or otherwise alter any such Order or Decree as in their wisedomes they shall thinke fitt, Any thing herein contained notwithstanding.1 ]

CHAPTER Vm.

An Act for rebuilding the Citty of London.

FORASMUCH as the Citty of London being the Imperiall Seate of His Majestyes Kingdomes and renowned for Trade and Commerce throughout the world by reason of a most dreadfull Fire lately happening therein was for the most part thereof burnt downe and destroyed within the compasse of a few dayes and now lyes buryed in its owne Ruines For the speedy Restauration whereof and for the better Regulation Uniformity and Gracefolnes of such new Buildings as shall be erected for Habitations in order thereunto, And to the end that great and outragious Fires (through the blessing of Almighty God soe farr forth as humane Providence (with submission to the Divine pleasure) can foresee may be reasonably prevented or obviated for the time to come, both by the matter and forme of such building, And further to the intent that all Incouragement and Expedition may be given unto, and all Impediments and Obstructions that may retard or protra& the undertakeing or carrying on a worke soe necessary and of soe great Honour and Importance to His Majestie and this Kingdome and to the rest of His Majestyes Kingdomes and Dominions may be removed. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authorise of the same That the Rules and Directions hereafter in this A & prescribed be duely observed by all persons therein concerned. And first That noe Building or House for Habitation whatsoever be hereafter erected within the limitts of the said Citty and Liberties thereof but such as shall be pursuant to such Rules and Orders of Building and with such materialls as are herein after perticularly appointed and according to such Scantlings as are sett downe and prescribed in a Table in this present Act hereafter specified. And if any person or persons shall presume to build contrary thereunto and bee convicted of the same by the oathes of two or more credible witnesses to be taken before the Lord Maior for the rime being or any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said Citty who are hereby impowered to administer the same oathes That then and in such case the said House soe irregularly built as aforesaid shall be deemed as a common Nusance and the Builder and Levier thereof shall enter into a Recognizance in such summe as the said Maior and Justices respectively in their Discretions shall appoint for abatement and demolishing the same in convenient time or otherwise to amend the same according to such Rules and Orders as aforesaid, and in defaulte of entring into such Recognizance the Offender shall be committed to the common Goale of the said Citty there to remaine without Bade or Mainprize till he shall have abated or demolished or otherwise amended the same, or else such irregular House shall or may be demolished or abated by Order of the Court of Aldermen.

And that the said irregular Buildings may be the better prevented or more effectually discovered Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Lord Maior Aldermen and Common Councill of the said Citty shall and may at their will and pleasure elect nominate and appoint one or more discreet and intelligent person or persons in the Art of Building to be the Surveyors or Supervisors to see the said Rules and Scantlings well and truely observed, And that it shall be lawfull for the said Maior Aldermen and Common Councill, or for the Maior and Aldermen in their Court of Aldermen to administer to all the said Surveyours or Supervisors an Oath upon the Holy Evangelists for the true and impartiall execution of their Office in that behalfe and to appoint the severall Precincts which shall be under their severall Surveyes,

And to the end that all Builders may the better know how to provide and fitt their materialls for their severall Buildings Be it enacted That there shall be onely sower sortes of Buildings and noe more, and that all manner of Houses soe to be erected shall be of one of those [four1] sortes of Buildings and noe other (that is to say) The First and least sort of Houses fronting By lanes, the Second sort of Houses fronting Streets and Lanes of note, the Third sort of Houses fronting high and principall Streetes, the Fourth and largest sort of Mansion houses for Citizens or other persons of extraordinary quality not fronting either of the three former Wayes And the Roofes of each of the said first three sorts of Houses respectively shall be uniforme.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

9 interlined on the Roll.

VI. Appeal on Exceptions being tendered within Seven Days.

Rot. Pari

18ft 19C.//. nu. 8.

Recital that the City of London had been destroyed by Fire.

Reasons for passing this Act.

All future Buildings to be after the Method herein mentioned.

Building Houses otherwise;

Nuisance, and Builder to enter into a Recognizance to abate the same 5 on Default, Imprisonment;

or House may be demolished by Order of Court of Aldermen.

II.

Surveyors elected by Mayor, kc. to prevent irregular Buildings.

Surveyor's Oath.

III. Four Sorts of Houses.

Uniformity of Roofs of the first Three Sorts.

.ooooie

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 8.

A.D. 1666.

IV.

Lord Mayor, &c. to declare the Street! and Lanes.

Marks and Stakes;

Removing them j

Penalty £io or Imprisonment.

Poor Offender to be publickly whipped.

Reward to Informer.

V.

Buildings to be of Brick, &c.

Archwork to sustain the Burden of the Fabrick.

VI.

Surveyor’s Charge. Party Walls.

Toothing.

First Builder to be paid for Moiety of Party Wall and Piers with Interest.

If differencebetween first and later Builders in respect thereof, Remedy.

VII.

The Contents of least sort of Houses.

Thickness of Party Walls.

Scantlings.

VIII. Contents of Second Sorts of Houses.

And for avoiding any uncertainety to the Builders or others herein Bee it further enacted That the Lord Maior Aldermen and Common Councill of the said Citty for the time being shall on or before the first day of Aprill next ensueing declare which and how many shall hereafter be accounted and taken to be By lanes, which and how many shall hereafter be deemed Streets or Lanes of note and high and prindpall Streets by Act of Comon Councill to be passed for that purpose, which Declaration being made as aforesaid, all and singular the said Streets and Lanes (hereby intended to be rebuilt) shall by Order of the said Lord Maior Aldermen and Common Councill or such persons as they under the Comon Seale of the said Citty shall order and appoint be marked or staked out and distinguished to the end the Breadth Length and Extent thereof may be the better knowne and observed. And if any person or persons whatsoever shall wittingly or willingly without good Authority plucke up or remove any of the said Stakes or Marke stones thereby to obscure or confound the bounds of such Streetes or Lanes or any of them and shall be thereof legally convicted by the Oath of one Witnesse (other then of the Informer) to be taken before any one or more Justices of the Peace of the said Citty, That then the said Justice or Justices shall or may send such Offender to the Comon Goale of the said Citty there to remaine by the space of three Moneths without Baile or Mainprize unlesse he shall pay or cause to be paid to the use of the Maior Comonaltie and Citizens of the said Citty the summe of ten pounds to be imployed in and towards the repaireing of the publique Buildings of the said Citty Provided alwayes That where any such Offence shall be committed by any person or persons of low and meane condition whom the said Justice or Justices of the Peace shall in his conscience beleive to be unable to satisfie the said Penaltyes That then and in such case the said Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may by Order and Warrant under his or their Hands and Seales cause such Offender to be openly whipped neere unto the place where the Offence shall be committed till his body be bloudy. And that it shall and may be lawfull for the said Justice or Justices of the Peace to reward the said Informer out of the Pecuniary Penalty to be incurred according to his discretion not exceeding a Third part of the said Penaltie.

And in reguard the building with Bricke is not onely more comely and durable but alsoe more safe against future perills of Fire Be it further enacted by and with the Authoritie aforesaid That all the outsides of all Buildings in and about the said Citty be henceforth made of Bricke or Stone or of Bricke and Stone together except Doore cases and Window Frames the Brest Summers and other parts of the first Story to the Front, betweene the Peeres which are to be left to the discretion of the Builder to use substantiall Oaken Timber instead of Bricke or Stone for conveniency of Shopps, And that the said Doores Brest Summers and Window frames be sufficiently discharged of the burthen of the Fabricke by Archworke of Bricke or Stone either straight or circular

And bee it enacted That the said Surveyors or Supervisors soe to be appointed [as aforesaid *] and every of them within their severall Precincts shall take care That in building of all Houses within the said Citty and Libertyes thereof there be, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid That there shall be Partie walls and Partie peeres sett out equally on each Builders ground to be built up by the first beginner of such Building, and that convenient Toothing be left in the Front wall by the said first Builder for the better joyning of the next House that shall be built to the same, And that noe man be permitted by the said Survey ours to build on the said Partie wall or on his owne contiguous ground untill he hath fully reimbursed the said first Builder the full moyety of the charges of the said Partie wall and Peeres together with Interest for the same after the rate of Six pounds per Centu per Annu for forbearance thereof to be accounted from the begining of the said first building. And in case any difference shall arise betweene the first and latter builders concerning the true value of the said Charge that then the same be referred to the Alderman of that Ward where such building shall be and to his Depurie to mediate an agreement of such difference And where the said Alderman and his Depurie or one of them shall be partyes or where they cannot compose such difference as aforesaid that the matter be referred to the Examination of the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen who shall heare and finally determine the same without any appeale to be had.

And bee it further enacted that the said Houses of the first and least sort of Building fronting By streetes or Lanes as aforesaid shall be of two Stories high besides Cellers and Garrets, That the Cellars thereof be six fbote and a halfe high if the springs of water hinder not, that the first Story be nine foote high from the Floore to the Cieling, and the second Story nine foote high from the Floore to the Cieling, that all Walls in front and reere as high as the first Story be of the full thicknes of the length of two Bricks and thence upwards to the Garrets of the thicknes of one Bricke and an halfe, and that the thicknes of the Garrat walls on the backe part be left to the discretion of the builder soe that the same be not lesse then the length of one Bricke, And alsoe that the thicknes of the Party walls betweene these Houses of this first and lesser sort of building be one Bricke and an halfe as high as the said Garrets and that the thicknes of the Partie Wall in the Garrets be of the thickenes of one Bricke in length at the least, and that the Scantlings of Timber and Stone to be used about the building thereof be as in the said Table are sett downe and prescribed.

And bee it further enacted That the Houses of the second sort of building fronting Streets and Lanes of note and the River of Thames shall consist of three Stories high beside Cellars and Garrets as aforesaid, that the Cellars thereof be six foote and [an*] halfe high (if the springs of water hinder not) that the first Story containe full tenn fbote in height from the Floore to the Sieling the second full ten foote, the third nine foote, That all the said Walls in front and reere as high as the first Story be of the full thicknesse of the length of two Bricks and an halfe, and

1 interlined on the Roll.

* 0. omits

18° & 19° Car. II. c.8.

605

from thence upwards to the Garret Floore of the thicknes of one bricke and an halfe, and that the thicknes of the Garret walls on the backe part be left to the discretion of the builder soe that the same be not lesse then the length of one Bricke, and alsoe that the thicknes of the Partie walls betweene every House of this second and larger sort of building be two Bricke lengths as high as the first Story, and thence upwards to the Garrets of the thicknes of one Bricke and halfe, the Scantlings of Timber and Stone to be as in the said Table are prescribed,

Alsoe that the Houses of the third sort of buildings fronting the high and principall Streetes shall consist of four Stories high besides Cellars and Garrets as aforesaid, that the first Story containe full ten foote in height from the Floore to the Cielling, the second ten foote and an halfe, the third nine foote, the fourth eight foote and an halfe, That all the said Walls in front and reere as high as the first Story be of the full thicknes of the length of two Bricks and an halfe, and from thence upwards to the Garret Floore of the thicknes of one Bricke and an halfe, that the thicknes of the Garret walls on the backe part be left to the discretion of the builder soe as the same be not lesse then the length of one Bricke, and alsoe that the thicknes of the Party walls betweene every house of this third and larger sort of building be two Bricks lengths as high as the first Story, and thence upwards to the Garrets of the thicknes of one bricke and halfe, the scantlings of Timber and Stone to be as in the said Table are prescribed

And bee it further enacted that [all Houses of1] the fourth sort of building bang Mansion houses and of the greatest bignes not fronting upon any of the Streets or Lanes as aforesaid shall beare the same scantlings as in the Table are sett downe for the same, and that the number of Stories and the height thereof be left to the discretion of the builder soe as he exceede not foure Stories.

And bee it further enacted that in the Front of all Houses [hereafter1] to be ereSed in any such Streets as by Act of Common Councill shall be declared to be High Streets Belconies sower foote broad with Railes and Barrs of Iron of equall distance from the ground shall be placed, every of which Belconies shall containe in length two parts of the Front of the House on which it shall be placed in three parts to be divided, and the remaining vacancy of the Front shall be supplyed with a Penthouse of the breadth of the Belcony to be covered with Lead Slate or Tile and to be deled with Plaistering underneath, and that the Water falling aswell from the topps of the said Houses as from the said Belconies and Penthouses be conveyed into the Channells by Party pipes on the sides or fronts of the said Houses, and that Pavements under every of the said Belconies and Penthouses be made of good and sufficient broad flatt Stone at the charge of the builder,

And bee it further enacted that noe builder of any of the Houses fronting any of the said High Streets, Streets or Lanes of note be permitted to lay his first Floore over the Cellar more then Eighteen inches above the said Streete or lesse then Six with one Circular step to leade up thereunto to be placed without the building, And that noe Trapp doores or open Grates to be in any wise suffered to be made into any such Cellar or Warehouse without the foundations of the Front, but that all Lights to be made into any of them be henceforth made upright and not otherwise, and that noe Bulks Jettyes Windowes Posts Seates or any thing of like sort shall be made or erected in any Streets Lanes or By Lanes to extend beyond the aundent foundation of Houses nor that any House be sett further into the streete then the auncient foundation saveing onely that in the high and principall Streetes it shall be lawfull for the Inhabitants to suffer their Stall boards (when their Shop windowes are set open) to [tume over and'] extend eleaven inches and noe more from the Foundation of their Houses into the Streets for the better conveniency of their Shop windowes.

And be it further enacted that if any person or persons bodies Pollidque or Corporate being seised possessed or interested of or in any Ground which was formerly builded upon, and the Houses thereupon being now burned or pulled downe at the time of the late Fire shall not within three yeares next ensueing build up the same that then the Maior Aldermen and Comon Councill of the Citty of London by Act of Comon Councill may cause Proclamation [publiquely to be1] made betweene the houres of twelve and two of the clocke in the aftemoone as well at or upon the said Ground as [alsoe1] at or upon the publique Exchange of the said Citty thereby to give notice to all persons that shall be or may be therein concerned to cause the same to be rebuilded according to the direction of this [jpsent1] Act within the space of nine moneths then next following, And in case the Owners thereof or other person or persons haveing Interest therein shall refuse or negcle& to rebuild the same in manner and within such time as aforesaid that then in such case the said Maior and Court of Aldermen of the said Citty are hereby authorized to issue out Warrants to the Sheriffes of London for the time being requiring them to impanell and returae before theta a Jury of good and lawfull men of the said Citty which the said Sheriffes are hereby authorized and required to doe accordingly, which Jury soe returned shall upon their Oathes to be administred to them by the said Maior and Court of Aldermen (who are likewise hereby authorized to minister the same) esquire estimate and assesse the true and just value of such void Ground according to their Judgements, and that from and after such Inquiry and Valuation thereof made as aforesaid (by Inquest of the said Jury) it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Maior Aldermen and Cdmon Councill of the said Citty to make Sale of the Fee or Inheritance thereof by Conveyance under their Common Seale to any person or persons that will purchase the same at such Price at which the same shall have beene soe as aforesaid estimated and valued by the said Jury, and the moneyes thereupon to be received of the purchasers thereof shall be paid into the Chamber of London and from thence

Thickness of Party Walls.

Scantlings.

IX.

Contents of Third Sort of Houses.

Thickness of Party Walls.

Scantlings.

X.

Scantlings of Fourth Sort. Height, kc.

XL Balconies with Rails and Bars of Iron in High Streets.

Penthouses.

Water carried off.

XII. Height of the First Floor of Second and Third Sorts of Houses. Steps up to Houses.

Extent of Bulks, Jetties, See.

Extent of Stall Boards.

X1IX. Ground not built upon in Three Years;

Notice to build.

Neglecting to b uild;

Warrant by Lord Mayor, kc, to Sheriff to impannel a Jury.

Jury to estimate Value of Ground on Oath;

and then the same to be sold under Common Seal of the City;

7 P

18° & 19° Car. II. c.8.

A.D. 1666.

and the Money paid to the Owner.

Sale made and enrolled to be final, and Purchaser may hold and enjoy.

XIV. Two Judges of K.B. may set the Prices of Brick, Tiles, and Lime.

XV.

In case of Combinations and Exactions of Workmen and Labourers for their Hire;

Lord Mayor, &c. may appointWages, Prices of Materials, &c.

Table thereof to bind Persons concerned. Artificers, &c. refusing to sell or work at such Prices;

or leaving Work unfinished;

or giving more Wages tnan allowed;

Imprisonment or Penalty.

Satisfaction to Party injured out of Penalty.

XVI. Artificers working made free of London;

and liable to serve in Offices as Freemen.

XVH. v

Differences about placing or stopping Lights may be determined by Alderman of the

to be issued out and paid by the Chamberlaine of London for the time being unto such person or persons who shall have any Estate or Interest into or out of the same according to his or their respective Estate or Estates Title or Interest which Sale soe made and inrolled of Record according to the Custome or Usage of the said Citty for Inrolment of Bargaines and Sales shall be finall and conclusive to all other persons whatsoever and shall barr them their Heires and Assignes to claime any Estate Right Title or Interest of in or out of the Grounds soe sold precedent to the said Sale And the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof his and their Heires and Assignes shall and may by vertue of this Act have hold and enjoy the same against all persons claiming any Estate Right Title or Interest into or out of the same his and their Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes freed and discharged of and from [all1] Incumbrances in Estate Title Charge or otherwise precedent to the said Sale.

And to the end the said Builders may receive due encouragement by haveing the materialls for building at reasonable prices and getting of Workemen for moderate wages Bee it further enacted that in case of Combination or unreasonable Exaftion by Bricke makers Tile makers and Lime burners It shall and may be lawfull for the Justices of the Court of Kings Bench or any two or more of them upon the complaint of the said Maior and Court of Aldermen to call before them such a number of Bricke makers Tile makers and Lime burners makeing or burning Bricke Tile or Lime at any place within Five miles distance of the River of Thames as they shall thinke fitt, and upon conference with them had concerning the premisses if they will be present or otherwise in their absence to assesse such reasonable prices from time to time upon every thousand of the said Bricks and Tiles and upon every hundred of the said Lime and every greater or lesser quantity to be delivered at the severall Kilnes And alsoe of all Carriages of the same Materialls from the said Kilns to the said Citty whether by Land or by Water as may equally respect the honest proffitt of the said Brickemakers Tile makers Lime burners and Carriers and the necessity and convenience of the Builder.

And to the intent noe Brickemaker Tile maker Lime burner Carpenter Brickelayer Mason [Plaister1] Joyner Plumber or other Artificer Workeman or Labourer may make the common calamity a pretence to extort unreasonable or excessive Wages Bee it likewise enacted That in case of combination or exaftion of unreasonable Wages by the said Artificers Workemen or Labourers or any of them the said Justices of the Court of Kings Bench or any two or more of them upon the like complaint of the said Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen shall and may from time to time iimitt rate and appoint the wages of the said Artificers Workemen and Labourers by the day weeke or otherwise, and what wages every of the said Workemen shall have by the great, by the Foote Yard Rodd or Pearch, or for any greater Quantity, which said Rates together with the Prices of the said Materialls and Carriages soe assessed being sett downe in a Table and Proclamation thereof made by the Lord Maior for the time being accordingly the same shall effectually binde all persons therein concerned, And if any of the said Artificers refuse to sell the said Materialls for the prices soe assessed or any of the said Carpenters Brickelayers Masons Plaisterers Joyners Plumbers or other Workemen or Labourers shall either refuse to worke for the wages soe assessed or shall depart from his said worke after he hath undertaken to doe the same without Licence of such person or persons as imployed him, and before it be finished unlesse it be for non payment of his hire or other just cause to be allowed before one Justice of the Peace of such place where the offence shall be edmitted or if any person or persons whatsoever shall by any secret wayes or meanes give covenant article or agree to give directly or indirectly by himselfe or any other for him any other or greater wages prices or other comodity then shall be soe assessed the said Offender and Offenders being thereof legally convict by the Oaths of one or more witnesses, which Oath the said Justice is hereby impowered to administer shall be by the said Justice of the peace [forthwith1] comitted to the Comon Goale there to remaine by the space of one moneth without Baile or Maineprfee unlesse he shall pay or cause to be paid for every such Offence [to the said Justice of the peace'] such Fine as by the discretion of the said Justice shall be sett upon any such Offender not exceeding Ten pounds, Out of

which Fine the said Justice shall and may award and pay unto the partie injured such satisfaction as he shall

judge reasonable and the residue thereof shall pay unto the Chamberlaine of London for the time being to be

imployed [for and1] towards the reedifying of the publique Buildings of the Citty aforesaid.

And be it further enacted That all Carpenters Brickelayers Masons Plaisterers Joyners and other Artificers Workemen and Labourers to be imployed in the said Buildings who are not Freemen of the said Citty shall for the space of seaven yeares next ensueing and for soe long time after as untill the said buildings shall be fully finished have and enjoy such and the same liberty of workeing and being sett to worke in the said building as the Freemen of the Citty of the same Trades and Professions have and ought to enjoy, Any Usage or Custome of the Citty to the contrary notwithstanding: And that such Artificers as aforesaid which for the space of seaven yeares shall have wrought in the rebuilding of the Citty in their respective Arts shall from and after the said seaven yeares have and enjoy the same Liberty to worke as Freemen of the said Citty for and dureing their naturall lives. Provided alwayes that such Artificers claiming such priviledges shall be lyeable to undeigoe all such Offices and to pay and performe such Dutyes in reference to the Service and Government of the Citty as Freemen of the Citty of their respective Arts and Trades are lyeable to undergoe pay and performe

And to remove all obsticles which otherwise may hinder soe good and profitable a worke Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that all differences ariseing betweene the said Builders or any others concerning placeing and stoping up of Lights Windowes Watercourses or Gutters which may hinder or retard the said building shall and may be heard mediated and determined (if it may be) by the Alderman of the Ward where the cause of any

1 interlined on the Roll.

* Plaisterer 0.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 8.

607

such difference shall arise and his Deputie, and if either the said Alderman or his Depude be concerned as parties in the controversie, or that they cannot determine the said Differences that then and in every such case the same be certifyed by the said Alderman or his Deputie unconcerned therein to the said Maior and Court of Aldermen who upon deliberate heareing of all partyes shall finally determine the same without further or other Appeale.

And be it further Enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the numbers and places for all comon Sewers Draine8 and Vaults and the order and manner of paveing and pitching the Streets and Lanes within the said Citty and Liberties thereof shall be designed and sett out by such and soe many persons as the said Maior Aldermen and C5monalty in C5mon Councill assembled shall from time to time authorize and appoint under their C5mon Seale or the more part of them, which said persons soe authorized and appointed or any seaven or more of them together with the said Surveyours or some or one of them within his or their Precin6t respectively shall at their meeteing have power and authority to order and direct the raakeing of any new Vaults Drains and Sewers, or to cutt into any Draine or Sewer already made, and for the altering inlargeing amending cleansing and scouring of any old Vaults Sinks or Comon Sewers, For the better effecting whereof it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said persons soe authorized and appointed as aforesaid or any seaven or more of them at their said meeting to impose any reasonable Taxe upon all Houses within the said Citty and Liberty es thereof in proportion to the benefitt they shall receive thereby for and towards the new makeing cutting altering inlargeing amending cleansing and scouring all and singular the said Vaults Draines Sewers pavements and pitching aforesaid: And in defaulte of payment of the said summes soe to be charged it shall and may be lawfull [to and1] for the said persons soe authorized as aforesaid or any seaven or more of them by Order and Warrant under their hands and seales to leavy the said summe and summes of moneyes soe assessed by Distresse and sale of the goods of the party chargeable therewith and refuseing or negclecting to pay the same rendering the overplus (if any be) And that all other Cdmissers whatsoever be altogether suspended to intermedle in the premisses within the said Citty and Liberties thereof for the space of seaven yeares next, and for soe long after untill the said intended buildings shall be fully finished Any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Lord Maior Aldermen and Comon Councill of the said Citty from time to time to prohibit such Trades and Occupations as they shall judge noysome, or perilous in respect of Fire to be used or exercised in the high or principall Streets of the said Citty.

And forasmuch as the freedome and opennes of the Streete conduceth much to the advancement of Trade and Ornament of the Citty Bee it further enacted that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Maior Aldermen and C5monalty by Order of Comon Councill in that behalfe to be made from time to time and at their will and pleasure to remove out of any of the high Streets all or any of the Conduits now standing or hereafter to be

erected, and to sett up and to ered the same in such other publique places within the said Citty as they shall

thinke fitt, or to contract the same into any smaller or lesser compasse in the places where they now stand or

hereafter shall be erected as aforesaid according to their discretions.

And whereas many auntient Streets and Passages within the said Citty and Libertyes thereof, and amongst others those which are hereafter mentioned were narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Passengers and prejudicial! to the Trade and Health of the Inhabitants and are necessary to be inlarged as well for the Convenience as Ornament of the Citty Be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Maior Aldermen and Comons of (*) the said Citty for the time being in Comon Councill assembled shall and may and are hereby impowered and required to inlarge all and every the Streets and Places hereafter mentioned where and in such manner as there shall be cause by and with the Approbation of his Majestie and not otherwise that is to say, The Streete called Fleete Streete from the place where the Gray hound Taveme stood to Ludgate and from thence to Saint Pauls Church yard. The Streete leading from the East end of Saint Pauls Church into Cheapeside, The Streete and Passage at the East end of Cheapeside leading into the Poultry, The Streete and Passage out of the Poultry leading into the West end of Cornhill at or neere the place [late1] called the Stocks, The Streete called Blow bladder streete leading from the West end of Cheapeside towards Newgate Market, and to inlarge the streete and passage from thence towards Newgate Market by laying the Ground where the Midle Row in the Shambls there lately stood into the said streete, and in like manner to inlarge the passage from Newgate Market towards Newgate by laying the Ground of the late sower Houses betweene Warwicke lane end in Newgate Market and the late Bell Inne there into the Streete, And in like manner to inlarge as there shall be cause the Lane called [Ava3] Maria Lane leading from Pater noster Row to Ludgate Streete, And the Streete or Passage at the end of Saint Martins le Grand towards Blow bladder Streete aforesaid; And alsoe the Passage from Saint Magnus Church to the Conduit in Gratious Streete and the North end of Gratious Streete, and alsoe Thames Streete from the West comer of Saint Magnus Church aforesaid to the Tower Docke and to inlarge Old Fish Streete by laying the Midle Row there into the Streete.

And the said Maior Aldermen and C5mon Councill alsoe shall and may by vertue of this present Act inlarge and make wider any other such strait and narrow passages within the said Citty as are lesse then fowerteene foote in breadth, Soe as notice be given to the Owners or party es interested in the Ground to be soe taken for

* the 0.

- interlined on the Roll.

3 Ave 0.

Ward or Deputy, or if concerned or cannot determine, then by Lord Mayor, See.

No further Appeal.

XVIII. Sewer*, Vaults, and pitching and paving Streets, by Persons appointed by Lord Mayor, Stc. and Surveyors,

The said Persons may impose a Tax on Houses for the said Purpose.

In Default of Payment;

Distress.

All other Commissioners suspended as to the said City and Liberties for Seven Years, &c.

XIX. Noisome and perilous Trades not to be in principal Streets.

XX.

Lord Mayor, &c. may remove, &c. Conduits.

XXI. Streets herein named to be enlarged.

XXII. Other Passages, &c. to be enlarged at Discretion.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 8.

A.D. 1666.

XXIII. Satisfaction to Losers of Ground.

Lord Mayor, See. may issue Warrant to Sheriff to impannel Jury;

who are to assess Damages.

Verdict of Jury and Judgment of Lord Mayor, &c. and Payment or Tender of Money adjudged, final.

XXIV. Houses improved by opening Streets to pay to Losers of Ground.

Jury impannelled as aforesaid may assess.

Monies so assessed to be paid to Chamberlain; whose Receipt to be a Discharge;

and who is to be accountable for the same.

Money so raised how employed.

XXV.

In Controversies about Titles;

Three Judges may decide fina&y in a summary Way.

Purchase Money to be paid by Chamberlain accordingly.

XXVI.

A solemn Fast yearly in Memory of the Desolation.

the inlarging thereof on or before the first day of May next ensueing And are and shall be alsoe further enabled by vertue of this Act to make or cause to be made a new Streetc leading and extending from the Guildhall of the said Citty into Cheapeside, the same to be of such breadth and widenes as they shall judge meete and convenient

And to the end that reasonable satisfaction may be given for all such Ground as shall be taken and imployed for the uses aforesaid The Maior Aldermen and Comon Council I shall and may treate and agree with the Owners and others interested therein, And if there shall bte any Persons Bodyes Corporate or Collegiate that shall wilfully refuse to treate and agree as aforesaid, or through any disability by Non age Coverture or espedall intaile or other impediment cannot, That in such cases the said Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen are hereby authorized by vertue of this Act to issue out a Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriffes of London who are hereby required accordingly to impannell and retume a Jury before the said Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen, Which Jury upon their Oathes to be administred by the said Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen are to inquire and assesse such Damage and Recompence as they shall judge fitt to be awarded to the Owners and others interested according to their severall and respective Interests and Estates of and in any such Houses or Ground or any part thereof for their respective Interests and Estates in the same as by the said Lord Maior Aldermen and Commons in Comon Councill assembled shall be adjudged fitt to be converted for the purposes aforesaid, And such Verdict of the Jury and Judgement of the said Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen thereupon And the payment of the summe or summes of money soe awarded or adjudged to the Owners and others haveing Estate or Interest or tender and refusall thereof shall be binding to all intents and purposes against the said Partyes their Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes and others claiming any Title or Interest in the said Houses or Ground and shall be a full Authority for the said Lord Maior Aldermen and Comons to cause the same to be converted and used for the purposes aforesaid.

And forasmuch as the Houses now remaining and to be rebuilt will receive more or lesse advantage in the value of their Rents by the liberty of Air and free recourse for Trade and other Conveniencies by such Regulation and Inlargements It is alsoe enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That in case of refusall or incapacity as aforesaid of the Owners or others interested of or in the said Houses to agree and compound with the said Lord Maior Aldermen and C5mons for the same, Thereupon a Jury shall and may be impanneled in manner and forme aforesaid to judge and assesse upon the Owners and others interested of and in such Houses such competent summe and summes of Money with respect to their severall Interests in consideration of such improvement and melioration as in reason and good conscience they shall thinke fitt, And all summes of Money that shall be soe assessed and raised as aforesaid shall be paid to the Chamberlaine of the Citty of London for the time being who is hereby enabled [from time to time'] to receive and recover the same by Action at Law and whose Receipte shall be a good Discharge to such Owners or others interested, And who is hereby appointed to receive and pay and be accomptable for the same according to such Directions as shall from time to time be given him by the said Lord Maior Aldermen and Comons And the Money soe raised shall be wholly imployed towards payment and satisfaction of such Houses and Ground as shall be converted into Streets Passages Markets and other publique places aforesaid, And such satisfaction soe given or tendered and refused as aforesaid shall divest the Propriety Estate and Interest of the respective Owners and others haveing Interest of and in such parcells of Ground soe to be taken and imployed for the uses aforesaid by vertue of this Act, Which shall be and are hereby actually setled and invested in the said Lord Maior Comonalty and Citizens of the Citty of London and their Successors in like manner as other the C5mon streetes and Highwayes within the said Citty.

And in case any Controversies or differences shall happen to arise betweene severall persons that shall claime severall Estates or Interests into or out of any Grounds to be sould by the said Maior Aldermen and [Comon1] Councill or by them to be taken and disposed of by vertue and in pursuance of this A & to and for the uses aforesaid That then the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench and Comon Pleas and Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the time being or any three or more of them shall be and are hereby authorized to heare and finally to order and determine the same in a summary way of proceeding and without the formalities or ordinary course of proceedings used in any the said Courts to order and award such Distribution to be made of the Money thereby ariseing for the satisfying [of1] such severall Interests and Claimes as to them shall seeme just and reasonable according to the respective Estate or Estates Title or Interests of the person or persons makeing Claime thereunto according to which order and distribution to be made and appointed by the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them the said Purchase money shall be satisfied and paid by the said Chamberlaine to the said severall persons respectively.

And that the said Citizens and their Successors for all the time to come may retaine the Memoriall of soe sadd a Desolation and refleCI seriously upon their manifold Iniquities which are the unhappy causes of such Judgements Be it further enacted That the Second day of September (unlesse the same happen to be Sunday and if soe then the [next day*] following) be yearely for ever hereafter observed as a day of Publique Fasting and Humiliation within the said Citty and Libertyes thereof to implore the Mercies of Almighty God upon the said Citty to make devout Prayers and Supplication unto him to divert the like Calamity for the time to come.

1 interlined on the Roll.

• Day next 0.

609

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 8.

And the better to preserve the memory of this dreadfull Visitation, Be it further enacted That a Columne or JPillar of Brase or Stone be erected on or as neere unto the place where the said Fire soe unhappily began as conveniently may be, in perpetuall Remembrance thereof with such Inscription thereon as hereafter by the Maior and Court of Alderman in that behalfe be directed.

And be it enacted And it is hereby enacted by the Authoritie [aforesaid ' ] That all Tenders of Money or Payment thereof which by any Bonds Covenants or other Obligations or Assurance whatsoever ought to be made in the late Assurance Office or in any other place on the late Royall Exchange London shall or may be made at or in the present Assurance Office in Gresham House And shall be as valid and legall to all intents and purposes and discharge the Obligor as fully and amply as if they had beene made in the first intended place on the said Royall Exchange.

And it is hereby further enacted That the Parish Churches to be rebuilded within the said Citty of London in lieu of those which were demolished by the late Fire shall not exceede the number of thirty nine Which shall be sett out and appointed by and with the advice and consent of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop of London for the time being.

Provided alsoe And bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Scites and Materialls of such Churches as by this Bill are not intended to be rebuilt together with the Church yards belonging to such Churches shall be and are hereby vested in the Lord Maior and Aldermen of the Citty of London for the time being to the end soe much of the said Ground as shall not upon the Rebuilding of the said Citty be laid into the Streets be sold and disposed of by the said Lord Maior and Aldermen or the major part of them for the time being with the consent of the Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of London for the time being, and the Money raised by such Sale shall be by the said Maior and Aldermen or the major part of them with the consent of the said Archbishop and Bishop disposed 6f and imployed for and towards the Rebuilding of such Parish Churches as by this Act are intended to be rebuilt and for noe other use or purpose whatsoever.

Provided alwayes That any thing in this Act contained shall not extend or be taken to vest or setle the Church of Saint Paul and Saint Faithes or any part thereof or the Church of Saint Gregories (x) or any of them, or the Church yards to any of them belonging or appertaining in the Maior Aldermen and Comons of the Citty of London or any of them Any thing in this Act notwithstanding.

And be it enacted That for the preventing Inundations and for easines of Ascent the Streete called Thames Streete and all the ground betweene the said Streete and the River of Thames shall be raised and made higher

by three foote at the least above the surface of the ground as now it lyeth.

Provided alsoe And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe House Outhouse or other building whatsoever (Cranes and Sheds for present use onely excepted) shall be built or erected within the distance of Forty foote of such part of any Wall Key or Wharfe as bounds the River of Thames from Tower

Wharfe to London Bridge and from London Bridge to the Temple Staires, Nor any House Outhouse or other

building (Cranes onely excepted) be built or erected within the distance of threescore and ten foote of the tnidle of any part of the Comon Sewers comonly called or knowne by the [nams1] of Bridewell Docke Flecte Ditch and [Tumuli4’] Brooke from the River of Thames to Clarkenwell upon either side of them before the sower and twentieth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty eight,

And for the further enableing of the said Maior and Cdmonalty and Citizens of the said Citty of London and their Successors to performe and accomplish the workes in this Act mentioned Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for all sorts of Coales which from and after the sower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred sixty seaven, and before the sower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven shall be imported and brought into the Port of the Citty of London or the River of Thames within the liberty of the said Citty of London upon the same River to be sould by the Chaldron or Tun, there shall be paid by way of Imposition thereupon (over and besides all other Impositions and Dutyes due and payable for any sort of the said Coales by vertue of any Law or Statute now in force) according to the Rates hereafter mentioned That is to say for such sorts of Coales as are usually sold by the Chaldron for every Chaldron thereof containing thirty six bushells Winchester measure the summe of twelve pence and for all such sorts of Coales as are sould by the Tunn, for every Tunn thereof containing twenty hundred weight the like summe of twelve pence, which said Imposition of twelve pence for every Chauldron or Tunn of Coales shall from time to time dureing the terme aforesaid be answered and paid unto the said Maior and Comonalty and Citizens and their Successors, or to their Deputie or Deputyes Officer or Assignes by the Master Owner or Owners or other person or persons takeing charge of any Shipp or Vessell whereupon the same shall be laden before they shall breake Bulke or have a Meter assigned for the measureing or weighing of any Coales aforesaid to be delivered from on board any such Shipp or Vessell the same to be paid at such place or places as by the said Maior and Court of Aldermen shall from time to time be appointed for the receipte thereof, Upon receipt whereof the partie appointed to receive the same shall without delay fee or reward deliver a Receipt to the person or persons who shall pay the said Duty, which Receipt shall for soe much be a sufficient discharge.

XXVII. A Pillar to be erected.

XXVIII. Places of Tender of Money altered.

XXIX. No more than Thirty-nine new Churches.

XXX. Materials of Churches not rebuilt, and the Church Yards, how to be disposed of.

XXXI.

Proviso for St. Faiths and St. Gregory by St. PauPs.

XXXII. Thames Street, $:c. to be raised.

XXXIII. Distances of Houses from the River and Fleet Ditch, &c.

XXXIV.

An additional Custom upon Coals for building the public Buildings of the City.

Coals sold by Chaldron,

12d. per Chaldron.

Coals sold by the Ton, lid. per Ton.

Duty to be paid to Mayor, &c. by Master, &r. of Ship before Bulk broke or Meter assigned;

at such Places as Mayor, far. shall appoint.

1 interlined on the Roll.

2 by Saint Paul’s O. Names 0. 1 Turuunill O.

7 y

18° & 19° Car. II. c.8.

A.D. 1666.

XXXV.

Rules and Remedy for the said Duty. Coal Meters to deliver to Officer a Certificate of Sorts and Quantities of Coals;

Penalty.

If it appear by Certificate that greater Quantity of Coals on boaiti than paid Duty;

Penalty.

XXXVI. Post-Entry and Payment of Duty for Surplus to discharge Penalty.

XXXVII. How Duty to be applied.

XXXVIII. Books of Account of the Duty, and Application thereof.

Persons concerned to have free Access to such Books without Fee.

Copy of Books to be delivered by Chamberlain into the Exchequer, where Access may be had without Fee.

XXXIX. Proviso for re-building Thomas Morris's Water-houie with Timber.

XL.

Lord Mayor, &c. may open Water Lane, and Streets herein mentioned.

Satisfaction to Proprietors of Ground, &c.

And to the end that the said Imposition may be duely answered and paid without fraude or covin, and for the better lea vying and collecting thereof and for discovery of the just quantityes of all sorts of Coales to be imported as aforesaid be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that the Coale meeters for the Citty of London appointed or to be appointed and every of them and their respective Deputyes in their tume and course of attendance respectively soe soone as any Shipp or Vessell fraight with Coales shall be unladen shall forthwith deliver a true Certificate in writeing unto the Deputie or Deputyes Officers or Assignes of the said Maior and Commonalty and Citizens who shall be appointed to receive the said Imposition of the sorts quantityes and number of Chaldrons or Tunns of Coales respectively which shall be measured or weighed and delivered from on Board any such Shipp or Vessell on paine for his or their defaulte therein to be suspended from the execution and benefitt of his or their Office or Imployment for one whole yeare from thence next following; And in case it shall appeare by such Certificate or otherwise that there was on Board any such Shipp or Vessell a greater number of Chaldrons or Tuns of Coales then for which the said Imposition shall have beene answered and paid as aforesaid that then in such case there shall be paid to the said Maior and Comonalty and Citizens and their Successors for every Chaldron or Tunn of Coales soe concealed over and above the Imposition aforesaid the summe of Five shillings, for which (in case of refiisall to pay the same) such Shipp or Vessell or any the tackle furniture or Apparell thereof may be attached and detained by warrant from the Maior of the said Citty for the time being untill payment thereof,

Provided neverthelesse that if the importer upon such Certificate delivered in by the Coale meter shall within sower and twenty houres give in his Post entry and satisfie and pay the whole Duty for the surplusage of Coales appearing upon the unladeing of such Shipp or Vessell that then upon such payment the penaltie aforesaid shall be discharged.

And bee it further enacted that all and every such summe and summes of Money which shall be raised upon the Receipt of the said Imposition of Twelve pence for every Chaldron or Tunn of Coales or by such additionall Duty in case of concealement as aforesaid shall in the first place be applyed and disposed unto and for the satisfaction of such persons whose Grounds shall by vertue and in pursuance of this Act be taken and imployed for the inlarging of the Streets and narrow passages within the said Citty, And after satisfaction given for the same the residue of the said Moneyes shall be applyed and disposed unto and for the satisfaction of such persons whose Grounds shall be imployed for the makeing of Wharfes or Keyes on the North side of the River of Thames, and upon each side of the Sewer called by the name or names of Bridewell Docke, Fleete Ditch and Tummill Brooke, and alsoe for the building and makeing such Prisons within the said Citty as shall be necessary for the safe Custody and Imprisonment of Felons and other Malefadors.

And to the end the Moneyes to be raised upon the Imposition aforesaid may be duely applyed to the uses for which the same is by this Act appointed, Bee it further enacted that there shall [be1] from time to time (*) provided and kepte in the Chamber of London one or more booke or bookes of Velome or Parchment in which all moneyes thereupon to be received shall from time to time be entred and sett downe, And alsoe other like booke or bookes wherein the Accompts of all payments and disbursements out of the same shall be likewise entred, expressing the time when, the occasion for which, and the name of the person or persons to whom the same were soe paid or disbursed And that it shall and may be lawfull to and for *all and every person and persons that shall or may be in any wise concerned soe to doe to have free accesse unto and view the said respective bookes of Receipts and Disbursements at all times when the Chamberlaines Office is open without any Fee or Reward to be taken or demanded for the view or inspection thereof And that the Chamberlaine of London for the time being before the end of Michaelmas Terme in every yeare shall transmitt and upon his Oath deliver into the Receipte of the Exchequer a true Copy or Duplicate of the aforesaid bookes of Accompts containing the Receipts and

Disbursements of all Moneyes which shall be raised and paid by or out of the said Imposition upon Coales in

the yeare preceeding and ending upon the sower and twentyeth day of June next before there to be received gratis by the proper Officer and kepte amongst the Records of the said Court; where it shall alsoe be lawfull

for any person or persons who shall be in any wise concerned soe to doe to have accesse thereunto and to view

and peruse the said bookes of Accompts without any Fee or Reward to be taken or received for the same.

Provided alwayes that it shall and may be lawfull for the Water house called Mr. Thomas Morris his Waterhouse formerly adjoyning to London Bridge to be rebuilt upon the place it formerly stood with Timber for the supplying the South side of the Citty with water as it for almost this hundred yeares hath done, Any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Provided alsoe And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that the Lord Maior and Aldermen of London may and shall open and inlarge a Streete or passage called Water Lane leading from Fleete streete to White Fryars Docke by the River of Thames, as alsoe open and inlarge a Streete or passage to the said River from Cheapeside through Soper Lane to Thames Streete and from the Three Cranes to the Thames, And open and inlarge one other Streete or passage through Minceing Lane by Saint Dunstons in the East to Thames Streete neere the Custome house And to make the said Streetes or passages twenty sower foote in breadth for the conveniency of Trade and better passage of Carts and other carriages to and from the said River giveing notice of what they shall herein resolve to the proprietors and persons concerned before the last day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty seaven and giveing them satisfaction for their ground according to the Rules and Directions of this Act for the inlarging of other Streetes and places. *]

1 0. omits.

*be 0.

# annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 8.

611

[]A SCHEME of Proportions and Scantlings for Stones Walls and Umbers for the building of lesser and larger

Houses within the Citty of London.

Bricke. Division of Height Thicknes

Story of Story of Willi Bricks Bricks

Foote

p Cellars VO • " To the First Floore > 2 r ii

First sort being the 1 Story m .... 9 • - 2d 1* ii

least Houses fronting.

By Streets and Lanes 2 Story • • 9 • • 3d i4 - ii

Garrets 1 mm* I

Cellars 6f To the first Floore *4 2

Second sorte Houses 1 Story - Not lesse [in1] height cleare IO Thicknes of 2d 2 Thicknes of U

fronting all Streets 2 Story r* • •{ Where y* I Walls in Front 'and Reere from the Foundacon 3d Walls between*

Lanes of Note and IO 2 i House and House. - - U

River of Thames. - 3 Story - Sprrngs fyvent not 9 4th ii \\

- Garrets 1 - I

1 Story . 10 I St *4 2

Third sort Houses 2 Story - 10; - ad ... ii

fronting all High^ 3 Story 9 3d i4 ii

Streets and Lanes

of Note Story - 8i - 4th i4 - ■4

. Garrets 1 ... I

> L J J L

Scantlings of Timber for the first sort of Houses.

Length Thickset Depth

Foote Inches Indies Foote

For the Floores under * - 15 - - is - - snd - 8) Joysts to io - 3 - and - 7 Inches

I Wall plates - - - - 7 - - and - 5) Garret Floores 3 - and - 6

Foote

For the Roose /PrinciPall Rafters under - * *5 { £ Sj* . * I ® } « ^hes

t Single Rafters - - .4 and 3 Inches.

Scantlings of Timber for the other two sortes of Houses.

Summers or Girders which beare in lengths from

Foote

IO

>5

18

21

l24

Breadth Depth Foote Inches Inches Thicknes Depth Inches Inches

to - 15 - 11 and 8' ! f3 * - 6*1

- - 18 - 13 - - 9 ^ Joysts which 13 - * 7

- - 21 - 14 • - IO - - 24 - l6 - - 12 - - 26 - 17 - - 14^ beare io Foote] |3 * - 7>

3 * - 8 13 - - 8J

Indies Indict

Principall Discharges upon Pee res 13 and 12 For the Floors ^ In the first Story in the Fronts -15.-13

Inches.

Binding Joysts with their Triming Joysts 5 - depth equall to their owne Floores

Wall plates or raiseing Pieces and Beames

Inches Inches

f 10 - and - 6

V,:

Lintells of Oake in the

f 1st and ad story

13d story -

Inches. Inches

8 - - and - - 6

5 - - -

- 4

1

1 interlined on the Roll.

612

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 8.

A.D. 1666.

For the Roofer

Length

Prindpall Rafters from -<

Feote

15 to 18

’ at foote

Foote

i8/at

at topp at foote

Thickset

- 21

21 - - 24 24 - - 26

Length Foote

H

7

io

at topp 8 _* 'at foot$ 12 \ at topp 9 a ‘ 'at foote 13 at topp 9

Purlines from

Single Rafters -

Foote Foote

f 15 to 18

'{x8 - - ai

- -7

- -8

--8* - *9

Inchea

- 9 * * 8

- 12 - - 9

Foote Inchee Inches

f not exceeding in length 9 - - 5 - - 4 " \ not exceeding in length 6 - - 4 - - 3 f

Scantlings for Sawed Timber and Lathes usually brought out of the West Country not lease then

Single Quarters in length Double Quarters in length Sawed Joysts in length Lathes in length -

Foote

. 8 - -

- 8 - -

. 8 - -

Breadth

Inches

3* • 4 6 -

Thicknes

Inch

I*

■ 3*

■ 4

Stone

Where Stone is used to keepe to these < Scantlings. -

"{4* * 1 quarter & i of Inch.

C Comer Peeres

First sort of Houses. < Pern*6 betwixne House & House

V. Doore jambes and Heads

18 square' 14 and 12 14 and 18 12 and 8

2d and 3d sorts.

Foote

{Comer Peeres Midle or single Peeres -Double Peeres betweene House and House [Doores *] Jambs and Heads -

Thicknes

Foote 2 -

6 square 18 square 24 and 18 14 and lo.

Scantlings forSewers 3 ™^e ~ j on end } ®ottome Pave^ plaine and then 1 bricke an edge circular.

GENERALL RULES

IN every Foundation within the Ground adde one Bricke in thicknes to the thicknes of the Wall (as in the Scheme) next above the Foundation to be sett off in three Courses equally on both sides.

That noe timber be laid within twelve Inches of the Foreside of the [Chimney1] Jambs, And that all Joysts on the Backe of any Chimney be laid with a Trimmer at six Inches distance from the Backe.

That noe Timber be laid within the Tunnell of any Chimney upon penalty to the Workeman for every defaulte ten shillings, and ten shillings every Weeke it continues unreformed.

That noe Joysts or Rafters be laid at greater distances from one to the other then twelve Inches, and noe Quarters at greater distance then fowerteene Inches.

That noe Joysts beare at longer length then ten Foote and noe single Rafters at more in length then nine Foote.

That all Roofes Window frames and Cellar Floores be made of Oake.

The Tile pins of Oake.

Noe Summers or Girders to lye over the Head of Doores and Windowes.

Noe Summer or Girder to lye lesse then ten Inches into the Wall, noe Joysts then eight Inches and to be laid in Lome.4]

* Doore 0.

• 4 0. 9 Chimneyes 0. 4 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

18° & 19° Car. II. c.9.

613

a

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for reliefe of Poore Prisoners and setting of them on worke.

WHEREAS there is not yet any sufficient Provision made for the Releife and setting of worke of poore and needy persons comitted to the Comon Goale for Felony and other misdemeanors who many times perish before their Tryall, and the Poore there liveing idlely and unimployed become debauched and come forth instrofted in the practice of Thievery and lewdnes For remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with (') advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and C5mons in this present Parlyament assembled and by Authoride of the same That the Justices of the Peace of the respective Countyes at any their Generali Sessions or the major part of them then there assembled if they shall finde it needfull soe to doe may provide Stocke of such Materialls as they finde convenient for the setting poore Prisoners on worke in such manner and by such wayes as other County charges by the Lawes and [Statute1] of the Realme are and may be leavyed and raised; And to pay and provide fitt persons to oversee and to sett such Prisoners on worke, and make such Orders for Accompts of and concerning the premisses as shall by them be thought needfull, and for punishment of negclefts and other abuses and for bestowing of the Proffitt ariseing by the labour of the Prisoners soe sett on worke for their Releife which shall be duely observed and may alter revoke or amend such their Orders from time to time. Provided that noe Parish be rated above Six pence by the weeke towards the premisses haveing respect to the respective values of the severall Parishes.

And whereas sometimes by occasion of the Plague and otherwhiles by the great number of Prisoners great and infectious Diseases have happened among the Prisoners whereby it hath come to passe sometimes that the Judges Justices and Jurors have upon occasion of their Attendance at the Tryall of Prisoners beene infefted and many of them dyed thereof and sometime such Infection hath spread in the Country For some Remedy therein Bee it by the same Authority enacted That any SherifFe of the respective Countyes haveing the Custodie of the Goale or such persons who have the Custodie of the Goale with the advice and consent of three or more Justices of the Peace whereof one to be of the Quorum may if they shall on inquiry or information finde it needfull upon emergent occasions in the respective Countyes provide other safe places for the removall of sicke or other persons from and out of the ordinary and usuall Goales the same places to be used and imployed for the reception and custodie of Prisoners to be by or according to their Order or Orders kepte ordered disposed and conveyed to the places appointed for the Goale delivery in such and like manner as such Prisoners ought to be kepte ordered disposed and conveyed in and from the Comon Goales by the Lawes and Statutes of the Land, Provided noe such place be made use of for the purposes aforesaid against the good and free will of the Owners thereof,

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Maior Bayliffe and other Head Officer or any other person and persons who have and hath the Custodie of the Comon Goale within any Corporation of this Kingdome and Dominion of Wales shall by and with the advice of three or more Justices of Peace within the said Corporation whereof one of them be of the Quorum in time of Infection have the like power and authoritie for removeing his and their Prisoners into some other convenient place within their Jurisdiction as to them shall seeme jitt dureing the time of Infection, And alsoe to raise a Stocke after the same rates and proportions as is herein before allowed to and for the severall Countyes [of3] this Kingdome.

Provided alsoe and bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid as followeth (viz) That whereas there is already provided a strong and sufficient Messuage in the Parish of Saint Thomas the Apostle neer the Citty of Exon for the purpose aforesaid and One thousand pounds more by certaine Trustees upon Proposalls and Agreements made by them with certaine Gentlemen Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon who have alsoe provided One thousand pounds more in order to purchase Lands of Inheritance for the good purposes hereafter mentioned Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said two thousand pounds be laid out in purchase of Lands of Inheritance by Order of the Generali Sessions of the Peace hereafter at any time to be held in the name of such persons as by such Order shall be appointed Item That the said House with the Grounds therewith enclosed be had and used as a Common Goale and Workehouse for the said County in manner as is after expressed Item That an Overseer be therein placed by like Order, and by like Order be removeable from time to time which Overseer shall have the charge custodie and government of the Prisoners to him committed according to this Act, and shall have Fifty pounds per annum dureing the execution of his Office and ten pounds per annum for his Deputie but shall therefore take noe Fees for receiving delivering or doeing any other service relateing to the Prisoners from or of any the said Prisoners Item That the said Justices by like Order from time to time shall and may by approbation of the Ordinary provide and appoint some meete and discreete Minister to reade Divine Service according to the Orders of the Church of England unto the Prisoners at least Fower dayes in the weeke that is to say on the Lords day, each Wednesday and each Friday and Saturday and oftner if the said Justices shall appoint and to take paines in instructing them each Lords day at the least for which they may allow him thirty pounds per annum or after that rate, the rest of the Proffitts to be for repairing the House and towards finding a Stocke for to sett the Prisoners on worke. Item That any person charged with such offence onely for which Clergy is allowable if soe be he be needy and indigent and hot [like4] to maintaine himselfe in Goale

1 the 0.

* Stattutes 0.

s within 0.

4 likely O.

7R

Roi. Pari. i8fc >9 C.II.nmQ.

Recital that sufficient Provision has not been made for setting poor Prisoners to Work.

A public Stock to be provided by Sessions;

and Overseers to be appointed.

No Parish to be rated above 6d. per Week.

II.

Recital that the Judges, &c. have caught infectious Diseases, and died thereof.

Sheriffs, &c. to proride safe Places for the Reception of Sick Prisoners.

No such Places to be taken without Consent of Owners.

III.

Mayor, kc. may remove Prisoners in time of Contagion

and raise a Stock.

IV.

Rules and Orders for Exeter Work-house.

Overseer thereof;

his Salary.

Preacher; his Duty;

and Salary.

In what case Offenders may be sent thither;

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 10, 11.

A.D. 1666.

and thence conveyed to Assizes and Sessions.

V.

Prisoners may be removed for Trial to the Common GaoL

Regulations as to Security for Stock, &c. by Overseer of the saidWorkhouse. Justices of Devon may execute this

A a.

VI.

General Saving.

Rot. Parl.

18& 19C.IL nu. to.

Recital of 17 Car. II. c. 7.

Provisions of the said Act as to Causes of Replevin depending in the Courts at Westminster, extended to .Counties Palatine and Great Sessions in Wales.

Rot. Parl.

18& 19C.II.nu. 11.

Recital that Cestui que vies have gone beyond Sea, and that Reversioners cannot find out whether they are alive or dead.

Cestui que vi^ remaining beyond Sea for Seven Years together and no Proof of their Lives, Judge in an Action to direct a Verdict as though Cestui que vie were dead.

may by Warrant of the Justice or Justices of the Peace to whom Jurisdiction in that behalfe appertaineth be committed to the said Worke house in order to his Tryall and if any person shall be comitted to the ordinary Goale who shall be or become soe indigent he may by Warrant of three Justices of [the1] Peace whereof one to be of the Quorum be removed from the ordinary common Goale to the said House, All which Prisoners soe comitted or removed shall be in the custodie of the Overseer and be ordered and demeaned in the said House and conveyed to the Sessions or to the Goale delivery by like Warrant way and meanes as the Prisoners in other Goales by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme are to be ordered and demeaned.

And because the said Workehouse is distant from the ordinary Common Goale, the Prisoners by order from the Sessions or Goale delivery may in order to their Tryalls be removed to the Common Goale to be the more ready for their Tryalls. Item That the said Overseer shall give Security lihr the Stocke and be lyeable to such Regulations and Orders for Accompts and otherwise as the Sessions shall from time \o time make for setting the poore Prisoners on worke there which shall be obeyed and observed that a convenient Stocke be from time to time raised at the Charge of the County. Item That the said Justices in the County of Devon may putt in ure all the powers in this AS as other Justices may in any other County by vertue thereof.

Saveing to the Kings Majesde his Heires and Successors and to every other person and persons and their Heires Successors Executors and Administrators all Rights Titles Claimes and Demands whatsoever into or out of the said Messuages and Premisses as if this Act had never beene made.

CHAPTER X.

An Act extending a former Act concerning Replevins and Avowries to the Principallity of Wales and the

County Palatines.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament entituled An Act for the more speedy and effectuall proceeding upon Distresses and Avowryes for Rents Provision is made where any Plaintiffe shall Nonsuite before Issue joyned in any Suite or Replevin by Plaint or Writt lawfully returned removed or depending in any of the Kings Courts at Westminster Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled That the said Act and all the Powers and Provisions thereby made for causes of Replevins depending in His Majesty es Courts of Wesminster shall be extended and be of the same force and efficacy in all causes of Replevin which are or shall be depending in His Majesties Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Courts of the Great Sessions of His Majesties Principality of Wales the Court of Great Sessions or Assizes for the County Palatine of Chester and the Court of C5mon Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham as fully and as amply for and dureing the continuance of the said Act as if the said Courts had beene mentioned therein.

CHAPTER XL

An Act for Redresse of Inconveniencies by want of Proofe of the Deceases of Persons beyond the Seas or absenting

themselves, upon whose Lives Estates doe depend.

WHEREAS diverse Lords of Mannours and others have used to grant Estates by Copy of Court Roll for one two or more life or lives according to the Custome of their severall Mannours and have alsoe granted Estates by Lease for one or more life or lives, or else for yeares determinable upon one or more life or lives And it hath often happened that such person or persons for whose life or lives such Estates have beene granted have gone beyond the Seas or soe absented themselves for many yeares that the Lessors and Reversioners cannot finde out whether such person or persons be alive or dead by reason whereof such Lessors and Reversioners have beene held out of possession of their Tenements for many yeares after all the lives upon which such Estates depend are dead in regard that the Lessors and Reversioners when they have brought Actions for the recovery of their Tenements have beene putt upon it to prove the death of their Tennants when it is almost impossible for them to discover the same. For remedy of which mischeife soe frequently happening to such Lessors or Reversioners Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authorise of the same That if such person or persons for whose life or lives such Estates have beene or shall be granted as aforesaid shall

remaine beyond the Seas or elsewhere absent themselves in this Realme by the space of seaven yeares together and

noe sufficient and evident proofe be made of the lives of such person or persons respectively in any Action

commenced for recovery of such Tenements by the Lessors or Reversioners in every such case the person or

persons upon whose life or lives such Estate depended shall be accounted as naturally dead, And in every Action brought for the recovery of the said Tenements by the Lessors or Reversioners their Heires or Assignes, the Judges before whom such Action shall be brought shall direct the Jury to give their Verdict as if the person soe remaining beyond the Seas or otherwise absenting himselfe were dead.

1 0. omits.

A.D. 1666.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 11,12.

615

And bee it further enacted That in any such Action wherein the life or death of any such person or persons

shall come in question betweene the Lessor or Reversioner and the Tennant in possession it shall and may be

lawfull to the Lessor or Reversioner to take exception to any of the Jurors returned for the tryall of cause that the greatest part of the reall Estate of any (1) such Jurors is held by Lease or Copy for lives who upon proofe thereof shall be sett aside as in case of other legall challenges.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That noe thing in this Act contained shall extend to any Lands held by the life or lives of any person or persons attainted of Treason for the horrid murder of his late Majesde of blessed memory who now conceale or hide themselves which Lands are or have beene vested in His Majesde and are now granted to his Royall Highnesse the Duke of Yorke but that the course of Evidence heretofore used in such cases shall be had and used Any thing to the contrary in this Act notwithstanding.1]

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That if any person or [person or*] persons shall be evifted out of any Lands or Tenements by vertue of this Act, and afterwards if such person or persons upon whose life or lives such Estate or Estates depend shall retume againe from beyond the Seas, or shall on proofe in any Action to be brought for recovery of the same [to3] be made appeare to be liveing; or to have beene liveing at the time of the Eviftion That then and from thenceforth the Tennant or Lessee who was outed of the same his or their Executors

Administrators or Assignes shall or may reenter repossesse have hold and enjoy the said Lands or Tenements in

his or their former Estate for and dureing the Life or Lives or soe long terme as the said person or persons upon whose Life or Lives the said Estate or Estates depend shall be liveing, and alsoe shall upon Action or Actions to be brought by him or them against the Lessors Reversioners or Tennants in possession or other persons respectively which since the time of the said Eviftion received the Proffitts of the said Lands or Tenements recover for damages the full Proffitts of the said Lands or Tenements respectively with lawfull Interest for and from the time that he or they were outed of the said Lands or Tenements, and kepte or held out of the same by the said Lessors Reversioners Tennants or other persons who after the said Eviftion received the Proffitts of the said Lands or Tenements or any of them respectively as well in the case when the said person or persons upon whose Life or Lives such Estate or Estates did depend are or shall be dead at the time of bringing of the said Action or Actions as if the said person or persons were then liveing.1]

11.

Challenge to Jurors for Leases for Lives.

III.

Proviso for the Duke of York as to Lands of attainted Persona granted to him.

IV.

If the supposed dead Man prove to be alive, then the Title is revested.

Action for mean Profits with Interest.

CHAPTER XH.

An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others and to preserve the Stores belonging to His Majesties

Navy Royall.

WHEREAS diverse Fightings Quarrellings and Disturbances doe often happen in and about His Majesties Offices Yards and Stores for His Majestyes Royall Navy and frequent Differences and Disorders are occasioned in the Office of His Majestyes Treasury of the Navy on Pay dayes in London Portsmouth and other places of meeting for the Service of the said Navy, And that either by the unreasonable Turbulency of Seamen and others attending on, or relateing to that Service or their Creditors, or by the rudenes of the Officers intrusted with His Majestyes Stores on Land or in His Royall Shipps when they are questioned by the Principall Officers and Commissioners of the said Navy either .for negcleft or Imbezelment of His Majesties Provisions Ammunition or other Equipage of the Navy under their Charge, and that not onely to the disturbance of the Peace but sometimes to the danger and hindrance of His Majestyes Service both in point of husbanding His Majestyes Revenue and alsoe in the dispatch of the Shipps on which the Honour and Safetie of His Majestie and Kingdome soe much depends, Which inconveniencies require a speedier remedy then the ordinary attendance on the Sessions of Peace can give the partyes accused or offending being many times bound to Sea, and the Principall Officers and Comisiers for want of Authoritie to suppress such Insolencies and determine such Cases being necessitated to passe by many Offences in which His Majestie might be righted if their necessary attendance on that important Service would permitt the prosecution of the Offenders before other ordinary Judicatures, Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the Treasurer Comptroller Survey our Clerke of the Acts and the Comissioners of the Navy for the time being or any one or more of them have power and authoritie to examine and punish all such person and persons whom they upon their enquiry examination or on view in their presence shall finde hereafter to make or have made any Disturbance Fighting or Quarreling in the Yards Stores or Offices aforesaid at Pay dayes or on other occasions relateing to the Navall Services in such manner as followeth (that is to say) that they or any one or more of them may punish any of the said Offences by Fine Imprisonment or either of them, the Fine not exceeding twenty shillings and Imprisonment not exceeding one weeke, And have power in such cases to committ such persons to the next Goale, or to the custodie of the Messenger or Messengers for the time being attendant on them who respectively are to receive and detaine such person soe offending, And that the said principall Officers and Comissers or the greater number of them then present have power to discharge such Fine or Imprisonment if they thinke fitt, And for non-payment of the Fine

Rot. Parl. 18&19C.//. nu.lt.

Recital that Disturbances happen about His Majesty's Offices, Yards, See. amongst Seamen and others attending there.

Jurisdiction of Treasurer, Commissioners, Arc. of the Nary to punish Offenders.

Fine and Imprisonment.

Power of Committal.

» of 0.

3 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

J O.omits.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 1 13.

A.D. 1666.

How Fines to be soe imposed and not remitted to imprison the parde offending untill payment thereof which said Fines nhall be

applied* paid to the Clerke of the Chest for the use of the maimed Seamen, And that the examination of Witnesses be

upon Oath before him or them which they any one or more of them are accordingly impowered to administer.

n.

Commissioners, flee.

may bind to good Behaviour.

And it is further by Authoritie aforesaid enabled That the said Officers and CombSers or any one or more of them (in cases where greater example or punishment is needfull) may alsoe binde the person or persons offending to their good behaviour with, or without Securities as occasion shall be.

III.

Commissioner*, dec. may search for Ammunition, See. imbezzled.

Punishment of Offenders.

And whereas diverse of His Majestyes Stores and Ammunition pertaining to His Navy and Shipping or Service thereof are imbezelled or filched away It is by like Authoritie enacted that the said Prindpall Officers and CombSers or any one or more of them by Warrant under their hands and seales have power in like manner to inquire and search for the same in all places as Justices of Peace may doe in case of Felony, and punish the Offenders by such Fine and Imprisonment as aforesaid and cause the Goods to be brought in againe. And if the offence be of such nature as doth require an higher and seveerer punishment then that they any one or more of them may committ such Offender to the next Goale or to the custodie of their Messenger or Messengers aforesaid till he or they offending enter into Recognizance with Suretie or Sureties according to the nature of the Offence to appeare and answere to the same in His Majesty es Court of Exchequer or other Court where his Majestie shall question him or them for the same within one yeare following on Processe duely served for that purpose on such Offender or Offenders

And it is declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That they the said Prindpall Officers and Combien or any one or more of them may putt in use the said Powers on the Offenders as aforesaid in all places where they holde an Office for his Majestie as well within Liberties as without. Any Law Statute Ordinance Charter or Priviledge to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the better encourageing of such Marriners and Souldiers as now doe or shall serve His Majestie in Hb Fleete or Shipps dureing this Warr Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that noe Ordinary Register but i ad. for proving or other Officer belonging to any Ecclesiasticall Court or Court of Orphans or any Jurbdiftion whatsoever within the Will. the Kingdome of England or Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke shall take or receive of the Executor

or Administrator Executors or Administrators of any Marriner or Souldier dyeing in the pay of Hb Majestyes Navy dureing this present Warr above the summe of twelve pence for the Probate of any Will, registring the same granting Letters of Adminbtration, exhibiting any Inventory or for any other matter or thing relatemg thereunto. And for every defaulte herein by wilfull delay in the doeing granting or executemg the Premisses the person or Taking larger Fee; persons soe offending shall forfeite to the partie greived the summe of ten pounds to be recovered by Afthxi Penalty *gio. Qf Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Hb Majestyes Courts [of Record'] at Westminster or elsewhere wherein

noe Essoyne Priviledge Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed Any Law or Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. This Act to continue for two yeares from the first day of February One thousand six hundred sixty and six

Continuance of Ad. from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament.

IV.

Officer* to exercise the Power given by thi* Ad in any Franchise.

V.

Executors of Seamen shall

CHAPTER XIII.

Rat. Pari, iff & 19 C. II. nu. 13.

An Act for granting the Summe of Twelve hundred fifty six thousand three hundred forty seaven pounds thirteene shillings to the Kings Majestie towards the Maintenance of the present Warr.

Grant of

<£i,»56'347- »3»-

Recital of

16 & 17 C. II. c. 1.

WEE Your Majestyes most dutyfull and Loyall Subjects the Commons assembled in Parlyament as a further Aid and Assistance of Your Majestie dureing the present Warrs have given and granted and by these presents doe give and grant unto Your most Excellent Majestie the Summe of Twelve hundred fifty six thousand three hundred forty seaven pounds thirteene shillings to be raised and levyed in manner following. And wee doe most humbly beseech Your Majestie that it may be enacted and bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and* of the Commons in thb present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same that the Summe of twelve hundred fifty ax thousand three hundred forty seaven pounds thirteene shillings shall be raised levyed and paid unto Your Majestie within the space of eleaven Moneths in maimer following that b to say, Whereas in and by a certaine Act of Parlyament lately passed entituled An Act for granting a Royall Ayd unto the Kings Majestie of Twenty fewer hundred threescore and seaventeene thousand and five hundred pounds to be raised levyed and paid in the space of three yeares It was amongst other things enacted that the Summe of threescore and eight thousand eight hundred and nineteene pounds and nine shillings by the moneth for thirty six moneths from the five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred sixtie fewer should be assessed taxed collected levyed and paid by twelve quarterly payments in the severall Counties Cittyes Burroughes Townes and places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the severall Rates and Proportions and in such 1

1 interlined on the Roll.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 13.

617

manner as in the said Act is expressed And whereas alsoe in and by one other Act of Parlyament passed in the Sessions of Parlyament lately held at Oxford endtuled An Act for granting the Summe of Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds to the Kings Majestie for his present further Supply It was amongst other things further enacted that the Summe of Fifty two thousand sower score and three pounds six shillings eight pence by the moneth for twenty sower moneths begining from the five and twentyeth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty and five should be likewise assessed taxed collected leavyed and paid by Eight Quarterly payments in the severall Cittyes Burroughes Townes and places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede over and above the said Summe of threescore and eight thousand eight hundred and nineteene pounds and nine shillings as an addition to and increase of the said Monethly Assesment according to the Rates and Proportions therein expressed, Both which Summes together amount unto the Summe of One hundred and twenty thousand nine hundred and two pounds fifteene shillings eight pence by the moneth And whereas alsoe in and by one other Act of Parlyament passed in the same Sessions endtuled An A & for granting one Monethly Assesment to his Majesde It was amongst other things enacted That the Summe of One hundred and twenty thousand nine hundred and two pounds fifteene shillings and eight pence for one Moneths Assessment begining upon the six and twenty eth day of December One thousand six hundred sixty and seaven and ending upon the Six and twentyeth day of January in the same yeare should be assessed taxed collected leavyed and paid in the severall Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the rates and proportions therein expressed

It is now further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Summe of One hundred and fowerteene thousand two hundred and thirteene pounds eight shillings five pence halfe penny by the moneth for eleaven moneths begining from the Six and twentyeth day of January One thousand six hundred sixty and seaven shall be assessed taxed collected levyed and paid by sower payments in the severall Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes & places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the rates rules and proportions and in such manner as herein [here‘]after is expressed that is to say for every of the said Eleaven moneths.

For the County of Bedford the summe of One thousand five hundred seaventy five pounds twelve shillings six pence farthing.

For the County of Berks the summe of One thousand nine hundred eighty nine pounds sower shillings nine pence three farthings.

For the County of Bucks Two thousand three hundred and ten pounds fowerteene shillings three pence.

For the County of Cambridge One thousand seaven hundred ninety one pounds eighteene shillings one penny

halfe penny.

For the Isle of Ely Six hundred and fowerteene pounds thirteene shillings nine pence.

For the County of Chester One thousand three hundred thirty seaven pounds five shillings five pence

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester the summe of threescore and ten pounds seaven shillings eight pence.

For the County of Cornwall the summe of two thousand seaven hundred and seaven pounds seaven pence

bribing.

For the County of Cumberland the summe of two hundred ninety and five pounds thirteene shillings sower pence farthing.

For the County of Derby the summe of One thousand five hundred and fifteene pounds one shilling three pence three farthings.

For the County of Devon the summe of Five thousand six hundred seaventy sower pounds five shillings eleaven pence farthing.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Exon the summe of two hundred and sower pounds eight shillings six pence halfe penny.

For the County of Dorset the summe of two thousand three hundred sixty two pounds two pence halfe penny.

For the Towne and County of Poole the summe of Nineteene pounds five shillings eleaven pence farthing.

For the County of Durham the summe of Five hundred sixty eight pounds eighteene shillings two pence farthing.

For the County of Yorke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke and Towne and County of Kingstone upon Hull the summe of Six thousand ninety sower pounds thirteene shillings nine pence three farthings.

For the County of Essex the summe of Five thousand sower hundred forty three pounds sower shillings eleaven pence three farthings.

For the County of Gloucester the summe of three thousand one hundred seaventy seaven pounds two shillings nine pence farthing.

For the Citty and the County of the Citty of Gloucester the summe of threescore and nine pounds sower shillings three pence farthing.

For the County of Hereford the summe of One thousand nine hundred eighty eight pounds one shilling five pence three farthings.

1 interlined on the Roll.

7 S

and of

17 Car. II. c. 1.

and of

17Car.lI. c.9.

11.

An Elereii Months' Tax.

Rates of the •ereral Counties.

618

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 13.

A.D. 1666.

For the County of Hartford the summe of two thousand three hundred sixty sower pounds five shillings eight pence halfe penny.

For the County of Huntingdon the summe of One thousand one hundred and thirteene pounds five shillings six pence.

For the County of Kent with the Gtty and County of the Citty of Canterbury the summe of Five thousand eight hundred forty sower pounds thirteene shillings two pence halfe penny.

For the County of Lancaster the summe of One thousand seaven hundred sixty eight pounds nine shillings ten pence halfe penny.

For the County of Leicester the summe of One thousand nine hundred and five pounds eleaven shillings nine pence three farthings.

For the County of Lincolne with the Gtty and County of the Citty of Lincolne the summe of Fower thousand five hundred twenty three pounds seaventeene shillings two pence farthing.

For the Gtty of London with the Libertyes of Saint Martins le Grand the summe of two thousand two hundred fifty five pounds ten shillings and two pence.

For the County of Midlesex with the Citty and Liberty of Westminster the siftnme of three thousand nine hundred thirty six pounds ten pence.

For the County of Monmouth the summe of six hundred eighty five pounds two shillings nine pence three farthings.

For the County of Northampton the summe of two thousand sower hundred eighty three pounds eighteene shillings three pence farthing.

For the County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the summe of One thousand five hundred thirty sower pounds seaven shillings two pence halfe penny.

For the County of Norfolke the summe of Five thousand nine hundred twenty one pounds seaven shillings sower pence farthing.

For the Citty and County of the Gtty of Norwich the summe of three hundred and sixteene pounds sower shillings sower pence farthing.

For the County of Northumberland with the towne of Newcastle and Berwicke upon Tweede the summe of six hundred fifty sower pounds seaventeene shillings eleaven pence farthing.

The County of Oxon the summe of one thousand nine hundred ninety sower pounds seaventeene shillings sower pence farthing.

The County of Rutland the summe of sower hundred twenty two pounds eight shillings one penny farthing.

The County of Salop the summe of two thousand one hundred and fowerteene pounds twelve shillings eight pence farthing.

The County of Stafford the summe of one thousand sower hundred ninety seaven pounds fifteene shillings nine pence halfe penny.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Litchfield the summe of twenty two pounds sixteene shillings nine pence farthing.

The County of Somerset the summe of sower thousand eight hundred sixtie eight pounds eighteene shillings ten pence three farthings.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll the summe of three hundred and fifty pounds six shillings six pence farthing.

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and Isle of Wight the summe of three thousand eight hundred forty six pounds six shillings seaven pence.

The County of Suffolke the summe of five thousand seaven hundred ninety sower pounds fifteene shillings three pence farthing.

The County of Surrey with the Burrough of Southwarke the summe of two thousand eight hundred and five pounds eleaven shillings six pence halfe penny.

The County of Sussex the summe of three thousand one hundred ninety nine pounds fifteene shillings one penny three farthings.

The County of Warwicke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry the summe of two thousand and ninety sower pounds fifteene shillings and eleaven pence.

The County of Worcester the summe of one thousand eight hundred fifty one pounds ten shillings and ten pence.

The Citty and County of the Gtty of Worcester the summe of ninety seaven pounds nine shillings and three farthings.

The County of Wilts the summe of three thousand sower hundred fifty five pounds seaven shillings one penny halfe penny.

The County of Westmerland the summe of two hundred and three pounds fifteene shillings eight pence halfe penny.

The Isle of Anglesey the summe of two hundred and twenty pounds fifteene shillings and ten pence.

The County of Breknocke the summe of sower hundred ninety six pounds six shillings six pence.

The County of Cardigan the summe of one hundred eighty five pounds sixteene shillings and eleaven pence three farthings.

The County of Carmarthen the summe of sower hundred and seaventy eight pounds ten shillings three pence halfe penny.

u4.D.\666.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 13.

619

The County of Carnarvan the surame of two hundred fifty seaven pounds eleaven shillings three farthings.

The County of Denbigh the summe of three hundred ninety two pounds thirteene shillings eight pence halfe penny.

The County of Flint the summe of two hundred and eight pounds sixteene shillings three pence three hrthings.

The County of Glamorgan the summe of six hundred and sixty five pounds fowerteene shillings one penay three farthings.

The County of Merioneth the summe of one hundred seaventy seaven pounds one shilling nine pence three farthings.

The County of Mountgomery the summe of sower hundred eighty five pounds eighteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Pembrooke the summe of five hundred seaventy three pounds eleaven shillings seaven pence three farthings.

The County of Radnor the summe of three hundred and six pounds five shillings two pence three farthings.

The Towne of Haverford-West the summe of twenty six pounds and thirteene shillings.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every the persons who are nominated in and by the said first recited Act and in and by an Act passed this present Session of Parlyament endtuled An Act for raiseing money by a Poll and otherwise towards the Maintenance of the present Warr, to be Comissers of and for the [severall and'] respective Countyes, Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places therein, or in either of them mentioned shall likewise be soe and soe are hereby appointed to be Comissers for execution of this present Act within the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places for which they were nominated in the aforesaid Acts or either of them, and shall have and execute the like power and authority rules and directions touching the better assessing collecting levying receiving and paying the said One hundred and fowerteene thousand two hundred & thirteene pounds thirteene shillings halfe penny by the moneth dureing the said eleaven moneths as in and by the said first mentioned Act were given to the said ComisSers touching the better assessing collecting receiving and paying the threescore and eight thousand eight hundred and nineteene pounds nine shillings by the moneth payable as aforesaid $ And all and every person or persons who shall be lyeable unto or any wayes concerned or imployed in the assessing collecting levying receiving or paying any of the moneyes by this Act imposed shall* bave like benefitt advantages allowances and discharges and shall be subject to like penalties and forfeitures in case of any negcled or refusall to pay their respective Assesments, or to performe their respective Dutyes as any other person or persons lyeable unto or concerned or imployed in the assessing collecting levying receiving or paying any of the Moneyes by the said former Acts imposed ought to have or be subject unto as fully and amply as if the same Clauses matters and things had beene in this Act perticularly repeated and enacted

To the end that the said eleaven monethly Assesments granted by vertue of this present Act may be duely answered and paid in as aforesaid Bee it further enacted That the severall CSmisIers shall meete together at the most usual 1 and comon place of meeting as in the said first recited Act is directed on or before the second Tuesday in February which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty seaven to putt this Act in execution according to the best of their judgements and discretions, and shall then if they sec cause

subdivide as well themselves as others as by the said Act is further directed concerning the said former Assesment.

And further That they meete at least three weekes before each payment of the said severall Assesments for the purposes aforesaid. And that the said payments of one hundred and fowerteene thousand two hundred and thirteene pounds eight shillings and five pence halfe penny by the moneth shall be assessed collected leived and paid to the Receiver of the severall Countyes appointed or tljat shall be appointed by his Majestie and by them answered and

paid into his Majesties Exchequer on the dayes and times hereafter mentioned and expressed

Bee it enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That the summe of two hundred twenty eight thousand sower hundred twenty six pounds sixteene shillings and eleaven pence being the first payment for the first two moneths of the aforesaid eleaven moneths hereby imposed shall be assessed collected levyed and paid in to the said Receiver Generali of the said severall Countyes who shall be appointed by his Majestie and who are hereby required to transmitt or

cause the same to be paid into his Majesties Receipt of His Exchequer on or before the first day of May in the

yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and eight, And the summe of three hundred forty two thousand six hundred and forty pounds five shillings sower pence halfe penny being the second payment of the said eleaven moneths on or before the first day of August in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and eight, And the summe of three hundred forty two thousand six hundred and forty pounds five shillings sower pence halfe penny being the third payment of the said eleaven moneths on or before the first day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and eight, And the summe of three hundred forty two thousand six hundred and forty pounds five shillings sower pence halfe penny being the fowerth and

last payment of the said eleaven moneths on or before the first day of February in the yeare of our Lord

One thousand six hundred sixty and eight.

And to the intent that all moneyes to be lent to your Majesty and the moneyes that shall be due upon such contracts for Wares Shipps Goods or Victualls or other necessaries which shall be delivered for your Majestyes Service upon the Credit of this Act by any person or persons Native or Forreigner Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate may be well and sufficiently secured out of the moneyes ariseing and payable thereby Bee it further enacted by

HI. Commissioners under 16 & 17 C. II. c.:. and 18 C. II. c. 1. to act as Commissioners under this Act 5

and to have like Power anJ Authority;

and Officers employed under this Act to have the like Benefits, and to be subject to the like Penalties.

IV.

Commissioners to meet 2d Tuesday in Feb. 1667 j

and may divide themselves j

and to meet Three Weeks before each Pa)ment of Assessment, which is to be paid to Receivers of Counties, and by them into Exchequer.

V.

*£228,426.16s. 1 id. to be paid to Receiver General 1 st May j668.

£342,640. 53. 4^d. Second Payment, ist August 1668.

.£342,640. 5s. 4W. Third Payment,

1st Nov. 1668.

.£341,6+0. ci. 4$<1. Fourth and last Payment, 1 st Feb. 1668.

VI. Repayment of such Monies howto be secured.

1 interlined on the Roll.

620

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 13.

A.D. 16 66.

Books to be provided.

No Monies to be issued out of Exchequer but by Order of Treasury.

Persons lending Moniesorfurnisbing Goods, he. may have free Access to Books without Fee.

Tally of Loan to Lender and Warrant for Interest at j£6. per Cent, per Ann. payable every Six Months.

Orders for Repayment to be registeredaccording to Date of Tally, and paid in course.

Monies to come iu by this Act liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for providing ormaking Books, &c. or for Payment of Money lent.

Penalty.

Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer 5 Penalty and Loss of Office.

Bjr Deputy; Penalty and Incapacity. Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller not making Payments tn due Order.

Penalty.

the Authority aforesaid That there shall be provided and kepte in your Majestyes Exchequer to witt in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt one Booke or Registry in which all moneyes that shall be paid into the Exchequer ariseing or payable by this Act shall be entred and registred apart and distinct from all other moneyes paid or payable to your Majestie or to your Heires or Successors upon any other branch of your Revenue or upon any other account whatsoever, And that there be one other booke or Registry provided and kepte in the said Office of all Orders and Warrants to be made by the Lord Treasurer or Under Treasurer or by the CdmisSers of the Treasury for the time being for payment of all and every summe and summes of moneyes to all persons for moneyes lent Wares Goods or Victualls or other necessaries bought, or Shipps hired, or other payments directed by your Majestie relateing to the Service of this Warr upon the moneyes ariseing and payable by this Act, And that noe moneyes levyable by this Act be issued out of the Exchequer but by such Order or Warrant mentioning that the moneyes payable by such Order or Warrant are for the Service of your Majestie in the said Warr respectively dureing the said Warr, That alsoe there be the like Booke or Registry provided and kepte by the said Auditor of all moneyes paid out or issued by vertue of such Orders and Warrants* And that it shall be lawfull for any person or persons willing to lend any moneyes, or to furnish any Wares Victualls Shipps goods or other necessaryes on the Credit of this Act at the usuali times when the Exchequer is open to have accesse unto, and view and peruse all or any of the said Bookes for their information of the state of those moneyes and all ingagements upon them for their better encouragement to lend any moneyes or furnish any Goods Wares Victualls Shipps or other necessaries as aforesaid. And that the Auditor of the Receipte his Deputie or Clerke shall be assistant to such persons for their better and speedier satisfaction in that behalfe. And that all and every person and persons who shall lend any moneyes to your Majestie and pay the same into the Receipte of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his repayment beareing the same date with his Tally, in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for forbearance after the rate of six per cens per annum for his consideration to be paid every six moneths, untill the repayment of his Principall. And that all person and persons who shall furnish your Majestie your Offices of the Navy or Ordnance with any Wares Goods Shipps Victualls or any other necessaries for the Service aforesaid shall upon Certificate of the C5missers and Officers of the Navy or of the Master or ComisSers and Officers of the Ordnance or some of them without delay forthwith have made out to them Warrants or Orders for the payment of the moneyes due or payable unto them, which Certificates the said Officers of your Navy Comissers and Officers of the Ordnance shall make without fee charge or delay, And that all Orders for repayment of moneyes lent shall be registred in course according to the date of the Tallies respectively, And that all Orders signed by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for payment of moneyes for Goods Wares and Victualls and other necessaries furnished to your Majestie your Officers Master or Comissers as aforesaid shall be registred in course according to the time of bringing to the Office of the Auditor of Receipte the Certificates above mentioned. And that all Orders soe signed for Payments directed by his Majestie shall be entred in course according to their respective Dates, And none of the sorts of Orders above mentioned either for Loanes of Moneyes Supplyes of Wares Goods [Shipps Victualls1] or other necessaries or by speciall direction shall have preference one before another but shall all be entred in their course according to the dates of the Tallyes, the times of bringing the Certificates and the dates of the Orders for [Payment*] directed by his Majestie as they are in point of time respectively before each other, And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred in the said Register booke, Be it Orders for Payments directed by his Majestie or for moneyes lent, or for Wares Comodi ties or other necessaries furnished as aforesaid, Soe as that that person his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Warrant or Order Warrants or Orders first entred in the said booke of Registry shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the moneyes to come in by vertue of this Act, And he or they that shall have his [or theire Warrants or Orders Warrant or5] Order next entred shall be taken and accounted the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course. And that the moneyes to come in by this Act shall be in the same order lyable to the satisfaction of the said respective partyes their Executors Administrators or Assignes Native or Forreigner successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not be divertible to any other use intent or purpose upon any accompt or reason whatsoever, And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any your Majestyes Subjects for provideing or makeing such Bookes Registers Entryes Views Search Certificate in, or for payment of money lent or the Interest thereof, or for payment of any money upon any Order upon any Contraft for Wares and Goods furnished to the use of your Majestyes Navy and Ordnance as aforesaid by any of your Majesties Officer or Officers their Deputyes or Clerkes on paine of payment of treble damages to the party greived by the partie offending with costs of Suite. And if the Officer himselfe take [or demand3 ] any such Fee or Reward then to loose his place alsoe, And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of registring contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall be lyeabie by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt damages and Costs to the partie greived and shall be forejudged from his place or Office, And if such preference be unduely made by any his Deputie or Clerke without direction or privitie of his Master then such Deputie or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action debt damages and costs and shall for ever after be incapeable of the same And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells record, or the Tellar make payment according to each persons due place and order afore directed then he or they shall be judged to forfeite and their respective Deputyes and Clerkes herein offending be lyeabie to such Action debt damages and costs in such manner as aforesaid.

J ViCtuall Shipps 0.

« Paiements 0.

5 interlined on the Roll.

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 13.

621

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loane or Certificates for Wares delivered, or Orders for Payments from his Majesde as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Exchequer to be registred Then it shall be interpreted noe undue preference which of these he enters soe he enter them all the same day.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any penalty in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record, and the Tellar doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that come to demand their money and bring their Orders before other persons that did not come to demand their money and bring their Orders in their course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie their Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kepte for them Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the money is soe reserved and kepte in Banke for them.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that every person or persons to whom any money shall be due by vertue of this Act after warrant or Order entred for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement of his Order or Warrant may assigne and transferr his interest and benefitt of such Warrant to any other, which being notified and an entry and memorial 1 thereof alsoe made in the said Registry for Warrants (which the Officer shall on request without Fees or Charge accordingly make) shall intitle such an Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefitt thereof and payment thereon, And such Assignee mayin(1) like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties. And afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignements to make void release or discharge the same or the moneyes thereby due or any part thereof.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that the summe of three hundred and eighty thousand pounds shall be charged and registred in the Booke of [Registr*] appointed by this Act to be kepte in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer to be paid to the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being out of the money payable for the last ten moneths of the eleaven monethes Assesment granted by this Act for the Salaries and Wages of such Officers Seamen Marriners and Souldiers as are or shall be imployed aboard Your Majesties Navy for this present Winter begining at the First day of January One thousand six hundred sixty six and aboard Your Majesties Navy for the Summer in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty seaven. The said three hundred and eighty thousand pounds to be charged and registred as aforesaid in manner and forme following (that is to say) When Orders shall be first registred for one hundred thousand

pounds for the Service of the Warr to be paid out of the money ariseing upon the said ten moneths in course

as is by this Act directed and prescribed that then and immediately after one or more Orders shall be registred for the payment of two hundred thousand pounds part of the three hundred and eighty thousand pounds above mentioned to the Treasurer of the Navy to be by him imployed for the paying of the Wages of Officers Marriners

Seamen and Souldiers as is above mentioned, And when Orders shall be registred for One hundred thousand

pounds more for the Service of the Warr upon the said ten moneths then and immediately after one or more Orders shall be registred for the summe of One hundred thousand pounds more in further part of the three hundred and eighty thousand pounds above mentioned, And when Orders shall be registred for One hundred thousand pounds more for the Service of the Warr then and immediately after one or more Orders shall be registred for the summe of Eighty thousand pounds in full of the three hundred and eighty thousand pounds above-mentioned. Which said summes of two hundred thousand pounds, one hundred thousand pounds and eighty thousand pounds shall be paid in course as they stand registred according to the rules and directions and under the penalties upon the Officers of the Exchequer their Deputyes and Clerkes prescribed and contained in the Proviso of this Act for registring and paying in course,

And it is hereby further enacted that if the Treasurer of the Navy doe divert or imploy the said three hundred and eighty thousand pounds or any part thereof to any use or service whatsoever other then for the payment of the Salaries and Wages of such Officers Seamen Marriners and Souldiers as shall be imployed aboard Your Majesties Navy as aforesaid untill the said Wages and Salaries shall be fully and intirely paid and discharged, that then and in such case he shall forfeit treble the value of the money diverted or imployed contrary to the intent and meaning hereof to be recovered in any of His Majesties Courts at Westminster by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoyne Protection Wager of Law Aid Prayer Priviledge Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed, nor any more then one Imparlance, One moyety whereof to be to such person as shall sue for the same and the other moyetie to Your Majestie Your Heires and Successors.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that whatever moneyes shall be wanting or fall short of the twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds granted by an Act of this present Parlyament entituled An Act for granting the summe of Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds to the Kings Majestie for his present further Supply towards the paying in course the severall summes of Money registred for the Service of the present Warr according to the Power and Direction of the said Act shall be supplyed and paid out of the first moneyes granted by this Act and payable for and in the first moneth therein mentioned and granted. Any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

yH. Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day.

VIII.

Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

JX.

Orders for Payment of Money lent may be assigned by Endorsement. Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may in like manner assign.

X.

Out of the Monies raised by this Act <£380,000 to be applied to the Payment of Seamen, Set.

Manner and Regulation of Payments.

XI.

Treasurer of the Navy misapplying the said Monies.

Penalty.

XII.

Deficiency of the *£1,250,000 granted 17C II. c.i to be supplied out of the first Monies granted by this

Act.

1 in 0.

« Register 0.

71

18° & 19° Car. II. c. 13.

A.D. 1666.

XIII. Allowance to Tremiurer, &c, of Navy and Ordnance.

XIV. Receivers of Monies under any former Act not having accounted, and intermeddling under this Act; Penalty.

XV. Proceedings for Recovery of Tax in Forts or Garrisons.

XVI.

No new Fees on Monies by this Act assigned for viduallingtheNavy.

XVII. Letters Patent, &c. not to bean Exemption.

And bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid that the Treasurer of His Majestyes Navy for himselfe his Deputyes and Clerkes hall receive and retaine onely the summe of one'penny in the pound and noe more And the Lieutenant or Treasurer of His Majestyes Ordnance for himselfe and his Clerke shall likewise receive and retaine onely one penny in the pound and noe more out of all the moneyes raised borrowed and paid unto and issued out by either of them to any person or persons by vertue and in pursuance of this Act to be allowed in their respective Accompts thereof.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person being a Receiver of moneyes due upon any former Act of this present Parlyament not haveing accompted for all the moneyes by him received and to be accounted for upon such Act or Acts before Christmas One thousand six hundred sixty seaven shall be appointed Receiver for any the moneyes due by this Act and shall intermedle therein every such person shall forfeite the summe of Five hundred pounds to be recovered by any person or persons that will sue for the same in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record by Action of Debt, Bill Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoyne Protection Wager of Law, Aid, Prayer Priviledge Injunction or Order of restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed, nor any more then one Imparlance.

And bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That where any money shall by vertue of this Act be aw*»ed upon any Inhabitants or place being within any Castle Fort or Garrison if such money soe assessed be not paid within twenty dayes after such assessment That then the Comissers for such places shall make Certificate thereof unto the Barons of the Exchequer who shall cause such Proceedings to be had for the recovery thereof as for any other Debt due to His Majestie,

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that in case any part of the moneyes which shall be raised by vertue of this Act or any other Act or Acts of this present Parlyament shall be assigned or issued for and towards the vidualling of His Majesties Navy the same shall be subject to noe charge nor shall any manner of fee or dedudion be taken or made out of the same to any other Officer or person whatsoever save onely the usuall fees in such cases due and payable to the Tellers and other His Majestyes Officers of the Exchequer,

[And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid that noe Letters Patents granted by the Kings Majestie or any of His Royali Progenitors or to be granted by His Majesty to any person or persons Cittyes Burroughes or Townes Corporate within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Exemptions from Subsidies Tolls Taxes Assesments or Ayds shall be construed or taken to exempt any person or persons Citty Burrough or Towne Corporate or any the Inhabitants of the same from the burthen and charge of any summe or summes of money granted by this Act or any other Act of this Parlyament now in force to the aid and supply of His Majesty in the present Warr, And all Non obstantes in any such Letters Patents made or to be made in barr of any Act or Acts of Parlyament for the Supply or Assistance of His Majestie are hereby declared to be void and of none effect. Any such Letters Patents Grants or Charters or any clause of Non obstante or other matter or thing therein contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.1]

ITEM queda peticbes privatas personas concementes (in se forma Actus continentes) exhibite fuerunt p>dco Dino

Regi in Parliamento pdco quaru tituli subscribuntur.

i. An Act to enlarge the time given by a former Act for Redemption of Mortgages made by the Earle of Cleaveland.

2. An Act for [the*] naturalizing of Isabella of Nassaw wife of the Right Honourable the Lord Arlington one of his Majestyes Prindpall Secretaries of State.

3. An Act for supply of part of the Joynture of the Lady Elizabeth Noell.

4. An Act for setleing the Estate of John Bodnell Esq> deceased.

5. An Additionall Act for enableing the sale of Lands to pay the Lord Strangford's debts.

6. An Act for naturalizing of Hesther le Lou the daughter and Coheir of Gideon le Lou Lord of Coliumben in Normandy the now wife of the Right Honourable Denzill Lord Hollis of Ifeild.

7. An Act for confirming explaining and enlarging an Act entituled An Act to enable John Lord Abergaveny sonne and heire of Henry late Lord Abergaveny to sell certaine Lands for payment of his debts and preferment of his brother and sisters.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D.\666.

18° & 19° Cab. II.

623

8. An Act for the illigidmadon of the children of the Lady Anne Roos.

9. An Act for sale of a Messuage in Chiswicke for payment of the debts of Edward Russell Esq* to An Act for confirmation of a setlement of the Estate of Sir Seymour Shirley Baronet.

11. An Act for setleing the Moyety of the Mannour of Iron Acton on Sir John Pointz.

1 a. An Act for setleing an Estate in trust for the benefit of M" Elizabeth Pride and her children.

13. An Act for the ascertaining the bounds of the severall Redories of Swafham Saint Ciriac and of Swafham Saint Maries within the Towne of Swafham Prior in the County of Cambridge, and for the uniteing of the two Churches there.

14. An Act for the restoreing of Francis Scawen Gen? in bloud.

15. An Act for naturalizing Dame Mary Frazer and others.

x6. An Act to enable a Sale of Lands for payment of the debts of Henry Kendall Esq*

17. An Act for setleing part of the Lands of Henry Mildmay Esq* deceased for payment of his debts and

makeing provision for his children.

18. An Act to enable Leicester Grosvenor and his trustees to sell certaine Lands for payment of debts.

( 624 )

Annis 19° & 20" CAROLI, II. A.D. 1667 & 1668.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations continued until the First Day of March, In the TWENTY-FIRST Year of the same King,

In the Seventh Session of the same Parliament.

J&otulo i&arUamenti fee £nnte i&egnt Begts CaroU &ecunt>(, 2>cctmo

nono $ flttcegtmo.

In PARI.IAMENTQ inchoa? et ten? apud Westni Octavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenissuni atq^ Exceiiendssiini Dni nri Caroli Sfcdi Dei Gra Anglie Scocie Francie et Hibnie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Decimo tertio et per sepales Prorogacbes usq> ad Primu Diem Mardj Anno dS Dni Regis Vicesimo primo vid2t in Septimo ejusdem Parliamend Sessione) Comuni omniu Dno^ tam Spiritualium quam Tempo raliu et Comunitads Consensu et Regie Mall\ Assensu sancita inaditata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequenda hec Statuta ad yerbum ut sequitur. ['] vidett.

PUBLIQUE Ac T9

CHAPTER !.[•]

Rot. Parl.

19&20 C. II. hu. I

Reasons for passing this Act.

Commissioners for taking the Accounts of *£2,400,000 granted by 16&17 C. II. c. 1.

17Car.il. c. 1.

*4 (1,3 & >4) Car. II. c.3.

18 Car. 11. c. x.

An Act for taking the Accompts of the severall Sums of Money therein mencbned

WHEREAS many and great Aides and Provisions have beene given raised and assigned for the necessary Defence of Your Majesty and Your Kingdomes in the late great and important Wars To the end that both Your Majesde and this whole Kingdome may be satisfied and truly informed whether all the same Moneys and Provisions have beene faithfully issued out and expended in and about the preparing and setting forth of Your Royall Navy and other the Management and carrying on the said Warr and with such Care Fidelity and good Husbandry as the nature of such Services would admitt of according to Your Majesties own Gracious and Princely desires and the earnest [expedations1] of Your most Loyall Subjects then which nothing can(*) encourage them [more4] chearefully to undergoe the like burthens in time to come for the necessary Defence of Your Majesty and Your Realms May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty That it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled And by the Authority thereof That William Lord Brereton Baron

of Laughtyn in the Kingdom of Ireland William Peirpoint Esquire Sir George Savile Baronet Giles Dunster

Esquire Sir James Langham Knight Henry Osborne Esquire Sir William Turner Alderman of the City of London George Tompson Esquire and John Gregory Esquire or any Five or more of them shall be Commissioners for the taking of the Accompts of the sum of Twenty four hundred threescore and seaventeen thousand and five hundred pounds granted by a late Ad of this present Parliament intituled An Act for granting of a Royal Aid to the Kings Majestie of Twenty four hundred threescore and seaventeen thousand and five hundred pounds to be raised levied and paid in the space of three yeares And of Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds granted by another late Ad of this present Parliament intituled An Act for granting the sum of Twelve hundred and fiftde thousand pounds to the Kings Majesty for his present further supply And of Two hundred and ten thousand pounds granted for Three monthes att the Rate of Threescore and ten thousand pounds per mensem by another Act intituled An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdome And alsoe for taking the

Accompts of all such Moneys as have beene raised or charged by a late Ad of this present Parliament intituled

An Act for raising Moneys by a Poll and otherwise towards the maintenance of [this5] present Warr And by another

1 The above appears by reference to the whole of the Title and to the Indorsement on the Roll to be a correct Transcript, but several of the Words are illegible on the Roll.

• This Chapter is intituled Chapter IX. 19 Car. II. and the consequent Numbers observed in the four subsequent Acts, as of 19Car.II. in the common printed Editions; in the Long Calendar at the Parliament Office it is entered thus, Nu. 1. Ann. 19Car.II. and is mentioned to have passed, with the Four following Acts, on the 19th December 19 Car. II.

3 cxpedacon 0. 4 more 0. 1 0. omits. c the 0.

A.D. 1667 & 1668.

19° & 20° Cak. II. c. 1.

625

Ad of this present Parliament intituled An Explanatory Act for raising Moneys by a Poll and otherwise towards the maintenance of this present Warr. And of the Sum of Twelve hundred fifty six thousand three hundred forty seven pounds thirteen shillings granted by another late Ad of this present Parliament intituled An Act for granting the sum of Twelve hundred fifty six thousand three hundred forty seaven pounds thirteen shillings to the Kings Majesde towards the maintenance of the present Warr And of all such Moneys as have arisen by the Customs granted to his Majesty by an Act of this present Parliament and have been applied to the Service of the War

and of such Prizes as have been taken during the said late Warr for his Majesties use and of all other Moneys

Provisions and things whatsoever which have beene raised or assigned for or towards the fitting furnishing or

setting out to Sea any of the Navyes or Ships imployed in the said late War or for or touching the management

or maintenance [thereof And to that end the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized and required to call before them all Treasurers Receivers Pay masters Principal 1 Officers and Commissioners of the Navy and Ordnance respectively Victuallers Pursers Mustermasters and Clerks of the Cheque Accomptants and all Officers and Keepers of his Majesties Stores and Provisions for Warr aswell for Land1] as Sea and all other persons whatsoever imployed in the management of the said Warr or requisite for the discovery of any Frauds relating thereunto To make perfect and true Accompts of all such of the Moneys as have come to any of theire hands respectively and to bring in and deliver the same to the said Commissioners or any five or more of them without delay And alsoe to bring in theire severali Books of Accompts Vouchers & Acquittances Contracts Muster Rolls Cheque Rolls Cheque Bookes and all other Bookes and Writings whatsoever touching or concerning the pmisses to be perused tried and examined by the said Commissioners whereby it may appeare what Moneys they have received and how the same have been disbursed and what Ammunition Provisions and Stores of any kind which were in his Majesties Storehouses or Yards or else where have beene imployed in the said War after the first day of September One thousand six hundred sixty four and what Ships and other Vessels his Majesty then had for the Service of the War togeather with their severali Equipages and Furniture and what Moneys or other Provisions or Materials have been paid or delivered to the hands of the said Treasurers Receivers Pay masters Victuallers Pursers or other Accomptants or any of the said Officers or Keepers of his Majesties Stores and when the same was soe paid or delivered and how and att what time or times the same have been disposed of and to whom and for what use or uses and to examine the Rates and Prices sett upon any Provisions Wares or Materials bought or provided for the Service of the said Warr and what the same were then truly worth and what was really paid for the same and by whom and to whom and when the same was so bought and paid for and how the same Provisions Wares and Materials have beene imployed or disposed of and by what Warrant and to examine all such Merchants and Tradesmen and theire Bookes Receipts and Acquittances and all such Seamen and others as shall be thought fitt to be heard touching any Frauds Oppressions or Exactions practised or used by any person or persons intrusted or imployed in or about the payment or receipt of any [of*] the said Moneys or the buying or providing of any of the said Provisions Wares or Materials or the custody ordering or disposing of the same and to what Value and what Gain or Advantage was made thereby and by whom & where and about what time the same was [so *] done and to enquire and find out whether any and which of the Sea men and others have beene defrauded of any of theire Premiums or Rewards Victuals Clothes Pillage or other Allowances or Benefitts assigned promised or appointed to any of them for or in respect of theire Service in the said Warr and by whom and to what Value And to enquire and find out what Moneys have been or ought to have been set apart for the Chest from the Four and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred and sixty and how the same have beene paid or disposed of and whether any part thereof hath been defalked or detained from the persons to whom it was due and payable and how much when and by whom and upon what pretence the same was done And whether any Sums of Money and how much arising by the Customes and Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage ever since the First of September One thousand six hundred sixty four hath beene issued and allowed for and towards the maintenance of the said War And alsoe to enquire and find out the numbers and values of all the Prize Ships and Goods which have beene taken for his Majesties use during the said War and theire severali Bills of Lading and how the same Shipps and Goods or any of them have been apprized valued sold imbeziled or otherwise disposed of and how the prices or moneys thereof arising have beene accompted for to his Majesty and what frauds or abuses have beene committed therein and by whom and for what value And to inquire whether any and how much of the said Moneys given for the maintenance of the said War by Act of Parliament as aforesaid hath been bestowed or disposed of to or for any other use or purpose and to what other uses or persons the same are or any part thereof was soe bestowed or disposed And alsoe to inquire by whose meanes counsell or procurement it came to passe That the Ships Seamen Mariners and others were generally discharged by Tickets and not paid with Money by the Cheque Roll of the respective Ships or Vessells wherein they served as formerly and how any of the Land Forces came to be so paid and what losse or disadvantage his Majesty or any of the Seamen or Land Souldiers have sustained thereby and what advantage or benefitt hath beene made by any person or persons by meanes of such payment or by buying selling or assigning of any such Ticketts and by whom particularly and to what value and how much of the Wages due to any of the said Seamen or Land Souldiers is yet remaining unpaid and to whom particularly the same is due or payable And further to search into examine and find out all other Frauds Exactions Negligences and Defaults and Abuses which have beene praftised or committed by any person or persons whatsoever touching the Premisses and when and by whom the same were so praftised or comitted and what damage hath beene sustained thereby and to what value And for that end and purpose alsoe to inspect and examine all such former Accompts as they shall thinke necessary And to send for Seamen and cause to appeare before the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them all or any

‘ The above Passage in Brackets seems to be clearly the Sense of the Roll in this place, but several of ihc Words are illegible on the Roll* * interlined on the Roll.

f8 ft 19C. ll.c«6.

18& 19C. II. c.ij.

The Power of the Commissioners to call before them Treasurers, Receivers, ftc. for that Purposej

who are to account, and for whit, and within what time.

Frauds herein, how to be examined by the Commissioners.

Commissioners to inquire into Frauds in respect of Seamen’s Rewards, ftc.

and what Moneys ought to have been set apart for the Chest since 24th June 1660, and of the Application thereof;

and of the Issue of Tonnage and Poundage for the War;

and of Frauds in respect of Prize Ships, Goods, ftc.

and how the Monies granted for the War have been disposed of;

and why Tickets and not Money were paid to Seamen

and generally to inquire into Frauds, ftc.

and to inspect former Accompts where necessary.

19° & 20° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1667 ST 1668.

Commissioners to examine upon Oath;

and to reform the manner of keeping Accounts.

Persons refusing to appear or obey the Orders of the Commissioners to bp imprisoned without Bail, till Obedience.

II.

Commissioners, or Persons constituted by them, may •end Precepts to Sheriffs to summon Juries.

May take Inquests and examine Witnesses upon Oath;

and certify and administer Oaths as in Suits between Party and Party in the Exchequer.

m.

Commissioners to appoint Places of Sitting and Officers.

Clerks, &c. to be sworn.

Salary to Clerks.

Commissioners to make Returns to the King, and also to the Parliament, if sitting;

and may finally determine Accounts, &c.

of the said Accomptants and other Officers and Keepers of Stores and all such Merchants Tradesmen Seamen Souldiers and other persons as they shall thinke meet and to examine them severally upon theire corporall Oathes (which the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall and may administer by vertue of this Act) and alsoe to send for and peruse all such Records Books Vouchers Acquittances and other Writings as they shall thinke fitt to bee produced for the better discovery of any the said Frauds Exactions Negligences and Defaults or Abuses and to do execute & performe all such other act and acts as they the said Commissioners or any Five or more of

them in theire Judgement shall find requisite whereby all such person and persons as shall appeare guilty of any

of the said Frauds Exactions Negligences Defaults or Abuses may be brought to condign punishment in Parliament or otherwise for the better prevention of the like Crimes and Misdemeanours and encouragement of the Seamen for the time to come And to the end that all and every the said Accompts may be made the more plain and

intelligible The said Commissioners or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized to direct reform and

amend the manner and method of the same so as it may clearly appeare how the said moneys and every part thereof have been imployed and disposed of for the Service of His Majesty and the Publique Safety and Defence or otherwise as the case shall require And in case any of the said Treasurers Receivers Pay masters Principal! Officers and Commissioners of the Navy and Ordnance Victuallers Pursers Mustermasters Clerks of the Cheque Accomptants Officers Keepers of Stores or other person or persons summoned to appear before the said Commissioners shall refuse or neglect to appeare or to produce any of theire Bookes Vouchers Acquittances or other Writings or to be examined upon his her or theire corporall Oathes touching the Premisses as aforesaid or shall refuse or neglect to do such other thing or things as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them may or shall require of them to bee done by vertue of this Act That then the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized by Warrants under theire Hands and Seales to committ such person or persons soe refusing or neglecting [into ‘] any of his Majesties Prisons there to remain under safe custody without Baile or Mainprize untill he shee or they shall yeild obedience to that which shall be so required of them

And be it further enacted That the said Commissioners or any five or more of them or any Five or more of such other persons as they shall thinke fitt from time to time by Warrant under theire Hands and Seales to constitute and appoint in that behalfe shall have full power and authority by vertue of this Act to enquire aswell by the Oathes of good and lawfull men of any County Citty Port Corporation or Liberty within this Realm aswell within Liberties as without and by depositions of credible Witnesses to be examined before them as by all other good and lawfull wayes and meanes of all and singular the Premisses when and as often as they shall thinke fitt and expedient And for that purpose to award theire Precept or Precepts to all Sheriffs Bailiffs and other Officers within the said Counties Cities Ports Corporations and Liberties who are hereby required to return and cause to appeare before them the said Commissioners or any five or more of them or before such other persons so by them constituted as aforesaid such and so many good and lawfull men inhabiting within theire respective Counties Cities Ports Corporations and Liberties at such time and place times and places as shall be required by such Precept or Precepts and under such Penalties as shall be therein contained to make such enquiry and to find out the truth of the Premisses without any Fee or Reward to be taken or demanded for the same And that the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them or any Five or more of such other persons so constituted as aforesaid shall have full power and authority by vertue of this Act to take Inquests and to examine and take the Depositions of Witnesses upon Oath in or touching any of the Premisses before mentioned for the information of the said Commissioners and to cerdfie the same in Writing under theire Hands and Seales And to that end the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them or the said persons soe deputed shall and may by authority of this Act administer such Oathes as are usually administred in causes of Suit betweene party and party depending in his Majesties Court of Exchequer.

And for the better execution of this present Act the said Commissioners or any five or more of them are hereby authorized to meet and sitt from time to time with or without Adjournment and in such place and places as they shall thinke convenient (*) to call to theire assistance appoint and imploy such Clerks and Officers as they shall thinke meet and to give to every of the said Clerks and Officers an Oath for liis true and faithfull Demeanour in all things committed to his trust and performance by the said Commissioners and in all other things touching the Premisses which Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trust in them reposed severally and respectively without taking any thing for such theire Service other then such Salary or Reward as the [said1] Commissioners or any Five or more of them shall thinke fitt to direct in that behalfe under pain of forfeiting theire respective Offices Places and Salaries And the said Commissioners are hereby required from time to time as they shall see cause and at the determinactin of theire Examinadtins and Proceedings by vertue of this Act to give an accompt thereof in Writing under any five or more of theire Hands and Seales to the Kings Majestie and to both Houses of Parliament if then sitting that so his Majestie may receive a full and true accompt how the said moneys and other things have been disbursed or disposed of for his Service or otherwise and that such punishment may be inflicted upon the Offenders and such further order taken in the premisses as to Justice shall appertain And the said Commissioners or any five or more of them may and are hereby authorized upon consideration of the deposiCons and prooffs before them to heare the parties concerned and theire Councel and finally to judge and determine of all the said Accompts frauds exactions negligences defaults and abuses and to allow of such of the said accompts and discharge such Accomptants as to them in theire judgements shall seeme just and meet and to certifie such theire Judgement Order and Determination by

1 unto 0.

• and 0.

9 interlined on the Roll.

19° & 20° Car. II. c. I.

627

Writing in Parchment under theire Hands and Seales into his Majesties Court of Exchequer which Court is hereby authorized and required thereupon to issue and make out his Majesties Process of that Court for the levying of all such Debts and Moneys as shall be due or payable to his Majestie by meanes of such Judgement

Order or Determination as speedily and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the same had accrued or

growed due to his Majestie by the immediate Judgement Order or Decree of that Court.

And be it further enacted That the said Commissioners or any five or more of them by Warrant under theire Hands and Seales shall and may and are hereby directed to assign and allow such part and proportion of all such

moneys and goods as shall be discovered and sufficiently proved before them by any person or persons to have

been unjustly gotten or detained from his Majesty by meanes of any the frauds exactions or abuses menc&ned in this Act as they the said Commissioners in theire discretion shall thinke a fitt reward for such discovery not exceeding one third nor being lesse then one tenth part of the money or goods soe discovered the same to be had and taken by the person and persons makeing such discovery from time to time in such manner and in such proportions as the said Commissioners shall appoint by such theire Warrant as aforesaid out of such Receipt into which the same money shall att any time be paid without any further or other Warrant or Allowance in that behalfe

And be it further enacted That every of the said Commissioners before he enter upon the execution of this Act shall take an Oath before the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England or Master of the Rolls for the time being which they and every of them are hereby authorized and required to administer the tenour whereof shall be as followeth. viz1.

y A. B doe sweare That according the best of my skill and knowledge I shall faithfully impartially and truly A demean my selfe in examining and taking the Accompts of all such as shall make any Accompt before me in execution of one Act endtuled An Act for taking the Accompts of the severall sums of Money therein mentioned according to the tenour of the said Act and in determining the said Accompts and execution of the said Act.

And be it further enacted That the Lord High Treasurer of England or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being are hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be paid One thousand pounds by the yeare for the Diet of the Commissioners and alsoe such sume or sums of money not exceeding two thousand pounds by the yeare to such person or persons as the said Commissioners or any five or more of them by Writing under theire Hands shall desire or direct out of any part of his Majesties Treasure or Revenue to be imployed in or for the payment of Houserent Clerks Messengers and other Officers and in defraying all other necessary charges in and about the execution of the powers of this Act and in such manner and in such proportions as shall bee appointed by any five or more of the said Commissioners by Writing under theire Hands in that behalfe the same to bee accounted for by the person or persons to whom the said [money'] shall be soe issued or paid according to the course of his Majesties Exchequer without any Fee or other Charge to bee taken or demanded for the issuing or payment of the same money or the passing of such Accompt other then such sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint And if any Question or Suit in Law shall arise touching any of the powers or matters contained in this Act or the execution thereof the same shall be heard and determined by the said Commissioners or any five or more of them and not by any other course of Judicature whatsoever out of Parliament

Their Judgment! to be certified into the Exchequer.

IV.

Commifdoners may reward Informer!;

not exceeding One* third nor less than One-tenth Part of the Monies, &c. discovered.

V.

Commissioners to take an Oath.

Form of Oath.

VI.

Allowance to the Commissioners for Diet, and for Payment of House Rent, Clerks, &c.

Such Monies to be accounted for without Fee.

Questions respecting Act may be determined by Five Commissioners.

This Act as to the Powers of taking and examining of Accompts and administring of Oathes to endure for the space of three yeares from the end of this present Session of Parliament next ensuing and no longer

VIL

Continuance of Act as to Accounts, See.

[Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid whereas severall Seamen after Service done to his Majesty expected to receive theire Wages and instead thereof had Ticketts delivered them for theire money due

to them for theire service or otherwise upon pretence that there was a want of money to pay them to the great

discouragement of the said Seamen And whereas for a present supply of themselves and theire Families they have been necessitated to sell the said Tickets for lesse then the sum of money mentioned in them which Tickets have been sold from man to man Be it therefore and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Commissioners shall be and are hereby impowered to compell each Buyer of such Tickets or such who purchased from them to restore to the severall persons from whom they purchased them all or as much of the said money as they shall thinke fitt (upon the computation of Interest or any other Considerac6n) which remaines to make up the full Accompt or sum contained in and which was due upon the said Tickets and such person or persons that have soe bought Tickets and shall refuse by Order of the said Commissioners to repay to any person or persons such sum or sums of money as they shall adjudge him to pay preserving to each party the full Principal and Interest at least then in such a case and upon all such refusals it shall and may be lawfull and the said

Commissioners are hereby impowered to send to any Goal or Goals all such persons so refusing untill they shall

obey the Order or Orders of the said Commissioners1]

[Provided alsoe and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons who by the authority of this Act shall be examined upon Oath before the said Commissioners or any of them shall wilfully and falsely forsweare himselfe or her selfe such wilfull and false forswearing shall be taken and adjudged to be wilfull Perjury and such person or persons shall and may bee proceeded against in such manner to all intents and purposes as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realm in cases of Perjury is provided and appointed and shall suffer and incurr upon conviction like paines and penalties as by the said Lawes and Statutes are appointed to be infiifted and imposed1]

VIII.

Recital that Ticket were given to Seamen instead of Money, and that they were obliged to sell the same.

Buyers of Seamen's Tickets to make up and restore to the Sellers the whole Sum.

Refusing

Imprisonment till Obedience.

IX.

Perjury.

1 Moneys O

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

628

19° & 20° Cab. II. c. 2, 3.

A.D. 1667 ¥ 1668.

Rot. Parl. ipkioC.ILnu.a.

Recital that the Earl of Clarendon having been impeached had withdrawn himself.

The said Earl to suffer perpetual Exile and Disability of Office.

II.

If the said Earl return, to suffer the Penalties of Treason, and to be incapable of Pardon except by Act of Parliament.

Corresponding with the said Earl ; (Exception)

Penalty.

Letters sent to and received from the said Earl to be shewed to Secretary of State.

III.

Proviso for the said Earl rendering himself for Trial before ist February next.

Rot, Pari. 19&2oC.//.ji».3.

Foreign-built Ships belonging to Englishmen, &c. taken in the late Wars, or that may be taken, and condemned by the Admiralties, may enjoy the Benefit of English-builtShips.

II.

Owners tp take an Oath that no Foreigner hath any Interest therein.

CHAPTER H.

An Act for banishing and disenabling the Earl of Clarendon.

WHEREAS Edward Earl of Clarendon haying been impeached by the Commons assembled in Parliament of Treason and other misdemeanours hath knowingly withdrawn himselfe and is fled whereby Justice cannot be done upon him according to his demerit Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall & Temporall and Commons in Parliament assembled and by Authority of the same That the said Edward Earle of Clarendon shall and doe suffer perpetuall Exile and be for ever banished this Realm and all other His Majesties Dominions and shall be for ever disabled from having holding or enjoying any Office or Place of Publique Trust or any other imployment whatsoever

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall bee and be taken to be Treason for the said Earle at any time to return into or bee found in England or any other His Majesties Dominions after the first day of February according to the Accompt of England One thousand six hundred sixty seven And that in case the said Earle shall att any time returne into or be found in England or any other His Majesties Dominions after the said first day of February That the said Earle shall suffer the paines and penalties of Treason and be made incapable of any pardon from the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors but by Act of Parliament And that all correspondency with the said Earl except it be of his Children or such persons as shall be licensed by the King in Council concerning his Estate and domestick Affairs only after the said first day of February shall be and be taken to be of the same nature as correspondency with a Traitor and the offender therein shall suffer such paines and penalties as by the Lawes of this Realm are to be inflicted upon such persons as keepe correspondence with Traitors [And that all Letters sent to the said Earle be shewed to one of the Principal Secretaries of State before they be sent And that all Letters which shall be received from the said Earle be likewise shewed to one of the Principal Secretaries within ten dayes next after such receipt under the penalties aforesaid']

[Provided alwaies that if the said Earle of Clarendon shall on or before the said first day of February next render himselfe unto one of His Majesties Principal Secretaries of State or to the Leiutenant of the Tower of London for the time being in order to his tryall which shall bee in Parliament That then and in such case all and every the penalties and disabilities by this Act imposed upon the said Earle of Clarendon shall be utterly void and of no effect Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding *]

CHAPTER UI.

An Act to make Prize Ships free for Trade

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament heretofore and of late past it appeares how great encouragement hath been given unto Trade and care taken that the Manufacture of Shipping be preserved and increased throughout your Majesties whole Kingdoms Dominions and Territories both conducing soe much to the Wealth Increase of Mariners and Strength of your Dominions By reason of some of which Acts at this time and after this late Warr when your Majesties Subjects in your severall Ports have lost some of theire owne English built Shipps and taken many Dutch Dane and French they cannot make use in Trade of those Vessells taken as Prizes in the late War though lawfully condemned in your Admiralties of England and Ireland or in the Admiralties of your Forreign Plantations and in the possession of your said Subjects Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That all Forreigne built Ships which really and bona fide do or shall onely belong to his Majesties Subjects of the Kingdome of England or Ireland Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed and which have during the late Warr in the places where now the Peace hath concluded it or shall be taken in the places yet in Hostility as Prizes within the severall times prescribed in the several places mentioned in the late Articles of Peace with the French King and the King of Denmarke and the States General of the United Netherlands and have or shall be adjudged Prizes within the respective Admiralties of his Majesties Kingdomes of England or Ireland or in any of the Admiralties in his Majesties Territories or Plantations abroad shall bee deemed adjudged and taken to bee and shall from time to time enjoye the benefitt of free Ships belonging to the Kingdomes of England and Ireland Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed respectively and shall export and import Goods Wares and Merchandizeas freely and to all intents and purposes as Forreign built Ships [that*] did belong to the Kingdom of England before the First day of April One thousand six hundred sixty and one might then have done and not in any other manner Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided neverthelesse That the Owner or Owners and Proprietors of the said Ship6 shall take an Oath at or before the First day of August next ensuing or within three monthes after such Ship shall be taken and adjudged Prize before the Officers of his Majesties Customes of the Port next to the place of theire abode (which Oath

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* interlined on the Roll.

19°& 20" Car. II. c.3,4.

629

the said Officers have hereby power to administer) That they are the true and lawfull Owners & Proprietors of

the said Forreign built Ships respectively And that no Forreigner [nor1] Alien directly or indirectly have any part

share or interest therein And that he or they produce the Adjudication and Condemnation of the said Shipp as and to produce

taken and made Prize during the late War as aforesaid by one of the before mentioned Admiralties Adjudication.

And be it further enacted That all such Officers of the Customes before whom such Oath shall be soe made shall from time to time give Certificates under their respective Hands and Seales belonging to theire respective Offices to such person or persons as shall demand the same of all such Forreigne built Ships and shall keepe a Register of the said Ships and shall within two monthes next after such Oath so made return a Duplicate thereof to the cheife Officers of the Customes at London for all such Ships as doe soe belong to any Port or place within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed and to the cheife Officers at the Port of Dublin for all such Ships as shall belong to the Kingdom of Ireland and to the cheife Officers in the cheife Ports of any of his Majesties Plantations for all such Ships as shall belong to any of the said Planta£6ns abroad the said cheife Officers at the Port [of*] Dublin and in the several Ports of the several Plantac&ns being within two monthes next after such Oath so made to retume Certificates thereof unto the cheife Officers of the Customes att London togeather alsoe with the Names of all such persons as are the Owners of such respective Ships to the end such Certificates or Duplicates may and shall be returned into his Majesties Court of Exchequer in England there to remain upon Record

[Provided neverthelesse and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Shipp or Galliott Hoy (Flemish [buit1] called the Margarett and the Ship or Barque called by the Name of John and Francis Flemish built both belonging to the Port of Boston being Vessels bought and brought into the said Port before the Conclusion of the late Peace or his Majesties Proclamation for Peace are hereby made free Ships and Vessels and are to be so deemed taken and judged and shall have liberty to trade as the Ships mentioned in this Act taken and adjudged Prize in his Majesties several Admiralties as English built Ships Any thing in this Act or any other to the contrary notwithstanding.4]

III. Certificate by Officer of such Ships and Register.

Duplicate thereof, according as 8hipe shall belong to England, Arc. to be returned to Customs at London, Dublin, and Plantations. Officers at Dublin and in the Plantations to return Certificate of Oath, Arc. to Customs at London to be returned into the Exchequer.

IV.

Proviso respecting Two Ships called the Margaret and John, and Francis.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer without Revocation

WHEREAS it hath beene found by experience upon the late A & for Twelve hundred and fifty thousand pounds made att Oxford and other Acts of Parliament since that time that the power of assigning of Orders in the Exchequer upon those Acts without Revocation hath beene of great use and advantage to the persons concerned in them and to the Trade of this Kingdome and given great Credit to his Majesties Exchequer Be it enacted and it is hereby enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled That every person or persons Nativer or Forreigner Bodies Politique or Corporate to whom any Moneys shall be due in your Majesties Exchequer and shall have any Order registred in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt for the payment thereof out of any Branch of your Majesties Revenue that such person or persons Native or Forreigner Bodies Politique or Corporate theire Successors Executors Administrators or Assigns respectively by Endorsement of theire Order may assign and transfer their Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry and Memorial thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for such Orders (which the Officers shall on request accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes or Successors respectively to the benefitt thereof and payment thereon and such Assignee may in like manner assign again and so toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignments to make void release or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof

Rot. Pari 19 Ac 20 C%I1» ivtf.4*

Orders registered in the Auditor* Office of the Receipt may be assigned.

Memorial thereof.

Assignor may not revoke his Assignment.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That in case any Assignement shall be for any sum . ^L not exceeding One hundred pounds Sterling that the Auditor of the Receipt shall not take or receive by way of valorem Fee. Fee or Reward for himselfe and his Clerks above the sum of Sixpence for making an Entry or Memorial thereof And in case any Assignment shall be for any sum exceeding One hundred pound Sterling that the Auditor of the Receipt shall not take or receive for himselfe and his Clerks by way of Fee or Reward above Twelve pence for making an Entry or Memorial thereof

And it is hereby further enacted That this Act shall continue and be in full force untill the tenth day of . HI.

September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred seventy four and unto the end of the Session of Parliament then next ensuing and no longer.

1 or 0. * at 0.

3 built 0. 4 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

•7x

l^&SO9 Car. II. c.5,6.

A.D. 1667 & 1^68.

Rot. Parl.

19 & 20 £.//. mr. 5.

Twelve English Commissioners to meet certain Commissioners from Scotland, to treat concerning Liberty and Freedom of Trade 5

who may suspend Duties,

and Penalties.

The Agreement between them drawn into Writing, and, being ratified, to be of force.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for setting Freedome and Intercourse of Trade between England and Scotland

WHEREAS your most excellent Majesty was pleased on the first day of this Sessions of Parliament to recommend to your two Houses of Parliament the due setting of the Trade between your Subjects of this Kingdome and your Subjects of Scotland your said [two1] Houses* having taken the same into theire serious Consideration •do for the better intercourse and freedome of Trade between your said Kingdoms most humbly beseech your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the Bangs most excellent Majesty by and

with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament

assembled and by authoritie of the same That twelve persons to be nominated by your Majesde be Commissioners for this Kingdome or any five or more of them shall by force of this A d from and after the tenth day of January One thousand six hundred sixty seaven have full Power Commission and Authority at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of March One thousand six hundred sixty eight and so from time to time to assemble and meet att any place by the Kings Majesty to be appointed within the Kingdom of England and thereupon to treat and consult as alsoe to conclude and determine with certaine selected Commissioners to be nominated and sufficiently authorized of and for the Realm of Scotland of and concerning the Freedome and Liberty of Trade between the Kingdom of England and the Kingdome of Scotland by suspending all or any of the Duties and Impositions or any part of them or of any of them which have att any time since the five and twentieth day of

March in the twelfth yeare of his Majesties Reigne been charged setled laid or imposed upon all or any the

Comodities of the Growth Production or Manufacture of either of the said Kingdomes or upon any Comodities of any of the Plantac&ns or Dominions belonging to the Kingdome of England or any other Forreign C5modides exported out of the said Kingdom into the Kingdom of Scotland and likewise by suspending any Penalties or Forfeitures or any part of them for not due payment of the said Duties and Impositions And what shall be concluded and determined by and betweene the said Comissioners for the Realm of England or any five of them with the said Commissioners for the Realm of Scotland according to the tenour or purport of theire Authority or Commission in that behalfe the same being reduced in Writing under the Hands and Seales of the said Commissioners of both Kingdomes and being alsoe approved of ratified and confirmed by the Kings most excellent Majesde shall be in full force and effect for the term of one whole yeare to be accounted from the date of such Ratification and Confirmation by the Kings most excellent Majesty or untill the end of the next Session of Parliament which shall first happen and no longer Any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding

Rot. Parl. 19&20C.//. nu.6.

Imposition upon Retailers of Wines, Brandies, Spirits, and Strong Water*.

French Wine 4<1. per Quart.

Spanish Wine 6a per Quart.

Spirits 12d. per Quart.

CHAPTER VI. (*)

An Act for raising Three hundred and ten thousand pounds by an Imposition on Wines and other liquors.

THE Commons assembled in Parliament for the supply of your Majesties present Occasions have given and granted and by these Presents doe give and graunt unto your most excellent Majestie the Sum of Three hundred and ten thousand pounds to be raised and levied upon the vending and retailing of Wines and other the Liquors hereafter mentioned in manner following and doe most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled and be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and [of1] the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That all Vintners Taverners Wine Coopers Merchants or any other person or persons who do or shall utter or sell by way of Retaile any French Wines Spanish Wines or other Wines whatsoever between the four and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred sixty eight and the four and twentieth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seaventy And alsoe all and every the Strong water men Distillers and all and every other person and persons which do or shall utter or sell by way of Retail any imported Brandies or other Spirits and alsoe Strong waters [either or any of them & alsoe all Brandies or other Spirits and alsoe Strong waters1] any or either of them made of Wine or Lees of Wine or any other Materials imported between the Four and twentieth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty eight and the Four and twentieth day of June which shall be in the yeare of ol/ Lord One thousand six hundred and seventy shall yeild and pay unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties herein after following that is to say

All and every the Retailers of Wine shall yeild and pay for every Quart of any French Wine by them retailed within the time aforesaid the Sum of Four pence by the Quart and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser quantity

And alsoe for every Quart of any Spanish Wines or of any other Wines whatsoever by them retailed within the time aforesaid the Slim of Six-pence by the Quart and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser quantity

And all and every the Strong water men Distillers and other Retailers or first Buyers of all Brandy and other Spirits and alsoe all Strong waters imported shall yeild and pay for every Quart of any the Liquors aforesaid by them retailed within the time aforesaid the Sum of Twelve pence and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser quantity

1 interlined on the Roll.

• The common printed Editions contain this and the following Acts until the 22 Car. II. as of the 90 Car. II. but there is no Distindion on the Roll as to a new Session, except that the Membranes of the Roll containing the preceding Acts up to Chapter V. and also part of that Chapter are indorsed 19 Car. II. and those containing the Remainder of Chapter V» and this Act and the subsequent Acts are indorsed 20 Car. TL and the preceding Acts are described in the Long Calendar at the Parliament Office to have passed on the 19 Dec. 19 Car. II. and this and the subsequent Acts are therein described to have passed on the 9th of May 20 Car. II.

l^-

19°&20° Cak. II. c.6.

631

And alsoe all and every the Distillers of Spirits made of Wine or Lees of Wine or other Materials imported

shall yeild and pay for every Quart of the first Extraction so distilled and made and by them retailed within the

time aforesaid the Sum of Twelve pence per Quart and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser quantity

And for the better prevention of Frauds Be it further enacted That all sorts of Strong waters of the first or what shilibe taken

any other Extraction made in England of English Materials which shall be mingled with Brandy or other Spirits

or with any Strong waters imported or Spirits made in England of Wine or Lees of Wine imported shall be deemed and taken for Strong water or Brandy imported and shall pay after the Rate of Twelve [pence1] per Quart as aforesaid

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That no Merchant Importer of Wine do or shall att any time between the said Four and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred sixty eight and the Four and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred and seventy utter or sell any Wine in greater or lesser quantityes to any person or persons other then such as sell Wine by way of Retail unlesse such Merchant or Importer before the delivery of the Wine do or shall pay unto the Commissioners for execution of this Act so much Money for his Majesties use as the Duties of Wine sold or delivered would have amounted unto in case the same had been uttered or sold by way of Retail upon pain of forfeiture of double the value of the Wine so sold and delivered one moiety to his Majesty the other moyety thereof to such person or persons as do or shall sue for the same And all Wine delivered by the Merchant Importer within the time aforesaid to any but Retailers shall and may [be lawfully1] seized as aforesaid unlesse such Merchant before the delivery thereof shall obtain a Certificate under the Hands and Seales of the Commissioners for Execution of this Act or any two of them that the Duty hath been paid and satisfied as aforesaid And it is hereby declared That all and every person and persons other then Lhe Merchant Importer who shall utter or sell any manner of Wine shall be adjudged a Retailer within the meaning of this Act

1IL

Merc Hants not to •ell Wine, &c. to any but Retailers.

Proviso.

Penalty.

and such Wine may be seized, unless Certificate of Duty paid.

Who shall be deemed a Retailer.

And for the better enabling the several and respective Retailers aforesaid to pay the Duties hereby imposed The Prices of Wine It shall and may be lawfull to and for every Retailer of Wine during the time aforesaid to ask demaund and wld by Retail, receive of all and every theire Customers to whom they shall utter or sell by way of Retail or otherwise any French Wines Spanish Wines or other Wines the Sum of Four pence for every Quart of French Wine by them retailed uttered or sold over and above the Price at which the said Wine ought to have been sold if this Act had not been made and soe after that Rate for a greater or lesser quantity and alsoe the Sum of Six pence for every Quart of Spanish Wines or any (3) Wines whatsoever soe retailed uttered or sold over and above the Price att which the said Wine ought to have beene sold if this Act had not beene made and soe after that Rate for a greater or lesser quantity Provided that no French Wines shall be sold above the Rate of Twelve pence the Quart nor any Proviso as to Spanish Wines above the Rate of Twoe shillings the Quart the addi£6nall Duty being included

French Wines.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred sixty eight all & every the Retaylers of Wines or other the Liquors chargeable as aforesaid during the continuance of this Act being thereunto required by the CSmissioners authorized to execute this Act shall forthwith deliver unto the said Commissioners within such Place or p>dnft where such Retailer shall dwell a true account of what Wines or other the Liquors chargeable as aforesaid he or any person in trust for him have in store and shall not att any time afterward during the time aforesaid receive take in or make any new or other store of any the Wines or Liquors aforesaid without first giving a particular account thereof in Writing under his hand to the said Comissioners nor shall vend utter or sell any French Spanish or other Wines or any the Liquors aforesaid before he shall have paid or given Security by his owne Bond for the payment of the respective Duties imposed by this Act for all such Wines or other the Liquors aforesaid which shall be then in his custody the same to be paid within twelve moneths next ensuing the Date of such Bond by four equall quarterly payments upon pain of forfeiture of double the value of all such Wines and other the Liquors aforesaid as shall be found in his custody which shall not be so certified or whereof the Duty shall not be secured as aforesaid

V.

Retailers forthwith to give an account to the Commissioners of Stock on Hand, and so from time to time of all Additions thereto.

Not to vend Wines, &c. till Duty paid, or Security

Penalty.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Commissioners to be appointed for execution of this Act or so many of them as shall be appointed of the Quorum shall have power to appoint any one or more persons as to them shall seeme meet by Warrant under theire Hands and Seales to enter into the Cellars Vaults Storehouses Warehouses Store-cellars Shops Roomes or other places belonging to every or any such Retailer to search see and take an account of what quantity of Wines or other the Liquors chargeable as aforesaid every or any such person hath in his hands or any other person to his use And all and every such Retailers in whose Cellars Vaults Store cellars Warehouses or other Roomes or places any the Wines or Liquors aforesaid of any such Retailer are or shall be lodged are hereby required and enjoyned quietly to permitt and suffer the said Officers to enter into theire several and respective Cellars Vaults Store cellars Warehouses Shops Roomes and other places and there to search see and take account of as aforesaid Provided That no search be made or required to be made without the consent of the Owner but betwixt Sun rising and Sun setting And in case any such Retailer shall refuse oppose or resist the persons appointed to search as aforesaid or shall not discover declare or shew to them all such Cellars Vaults Store cellars Ware houses Shops Roomes or other places wherein he or they have any Wines or other the Liquors aforesaid lying or remaining for theire use that then upon Oath

VI.

Commissioners may grant Warrants to search.

Retailers to permit Search.

Hours when Search to be made.

Retailer opposing Search.

19°& 20° Cab. II. c

A.D. 1667 tf 1668.

Justice, See. may issue Warrant to enter.

Doors to be broke open upon Refusal, and Seizure made. Constables, &c. to assist.

thereof made before the Mayor or other cheife Magistrate of any City Borough or Town corporate or any Justice

of the Peace of the County City or Place where such Offence shall be committed (which Oath they are hereby

authorised and required to administer) it shall and may be lawfull to and for any such cheife Magistrate or Justice of the Peace and they are hereby required to issue out a Warrant to the person or persons so complaining thereby to enable him or them with the assistance of a Constable or other like Officer of the Place where such offence shall be committed to enter in the day time into the House or Houses of any such Retailer or into any other Room Cellar or place which att any time during the continuance of this Act shall be in such Retailers Occupation for the laying in of Wines or other the Liquors aforesaid And in case of resistance to breake open any Doores and

to search for any Wines or the Liquors aforesaid soe concealed or not discovered and to seize and secure the

same And all Constables and other Officers aforesaid are hereby authorized and required to be aiding and assisting thereunto

VJT. Retailer to give Notice of Wines taken in.

Penalty.

Officers to make Returns of Search.

Penalty.

Incapacity.

And to the end no person whatsoever may defraud his Majesty of the Duty intended by this Act by concealing the Wines or other Liquors thereby charged belonging to any person by this Act declared a Retailer Be it further enacted That if any person or persons shall knowingly have or take [into'] any Ware house Cellar or other place in his or theire possession any of the Wines or other Liquors chargeable by this Act belonging to any Retailer without giving notice thereof under his or theire hands respectively within two dayes after the same shall be in his or theire custody aswell of the place where the said Wines or other Liquors aforesaid are lodged as of the quantity and kind of Wines or other Liquors to the best of his or theire knowledge so in his or theire custody unto the Commissioners appointed to execute this Act some or one of them In every such case the person or persons so offending shall forfeit and lose the full value of the Wines that he or they shall so conceal without giving notice as aforesaid And all and every person and persons appointed to view and search as aforesaid shall make theire Returns in Writing under theire Hands unto the Commissioners for execution of this Act and shall first deliver a Duplicate thereof to the person or persons concerned containing the Names of the persons viewed and searched and the quantity of the respective Liquors aforesaid by him found and discovered to them belonging at such time and place as in and by the Warrant or Warrants to him or them directed shall be limited and appointed on pain of forfeiture for every such neglect of double the value of the Wines or other Liquors aforesaid by him not returned as aforesaid and of being made uncapable of executing the same or any other Office of Trust whatsoever

VIII.

The Commissioners may summon and examine upon Oath.

Persons summoned refusing to appear.

Penalty.

IX.

Commissioners to appoint Collectors, and Monies to be paid into the Exchequer.

Wien the Duty to cease.

Proviso for levying Arrears.

X.

Proviso for Retailers travelling in obedience to Aa.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Commissioners for execution of this present Act or so many of them as shall be of the Quorum within the Place or Prednft where such Retailer shall dwell by Warrant under theire Hands and Seales to send for and summon such person and persons as they in theire discretions shall thinke fitt other then the party himselfe and the persons so summoned to examine upon his or theire corporal Oaths touching the matters and things contained in this Act relating to the Retailers or Merchant Importers aforesaid And if any person or persons so as aforesaid summoned shall refuse to appeare or appearing shall refuse to be examined That then and in such case all and every person and persons so as aforesaid refusing to appeare or to be examined shall for every such refusall forfeit such sum as shall be imposed upon him or them not exceeding Five pounds by the said Commissioners

And be it further enacted That the Commissioners appointed by vertue of this Act shall and may appoint under theire Hands and Seales such and soe many Collectors of whom they shall take good Security in every County City and Place as they shall thinke fitt to receive the Moneys arising by this Act and all and every the sums of money so as aforesaid collected or levied shall be paid into his Majesties Receipt of Exchequer or unto such person or persons as his Majestie shall appoint within thirty dayes after the receipt thereof And the Commissioners for execution of this Act shall cause Duplicates to be made of all Entries made in pursuance of this Act and of all moneys payed or payable thereupon and the same to be returned to the Lord Treasurer or Comissiofis of the Treasury for the time being once every Quarter to the end that by the view and examination of such Returns it may appeare when the Sum of Three hundred and ten thousand pounds togeather with such Interest as shall grow due for moneys lent and advanced upon the Creditt of this Act att the rate of Six pounds per Cen? for one yeare will be satisfied and discharged and that from and after the Foure and twentieth day of June One thousand six hundred and seventy all power of requiring any new Entries or charging any Retailer or others by vertue of this Act shall cease and determine Saving neverthelesse to his Majesty his Heires & Successors the power of levying any arrearages of the Rates Duties Fines or Forfeitures before that time grown due or imposed by vertue of this Act

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That no Retailer chargeable by this Act nor any other person or persons who shall be summoned by the Commissioners for the execution of this Act in manner aforesaid and for any the ends or purposes aforesaid shall be obliged to travel beyond ten miles from his common and usuall place of abode

XI. Repayment of Duty upon Exportation.

Provided alsoe That if any Retailer of any Strong waters imported Brandy or other Spirits herein before charged shall export into Forreign Parts any such Strong waters Brandy or other Spirits so as aforesaid charged and shall before the Shipping out or Lading on board of such Strong waters Brandy or other Spirits make Oath before the Commissioners for execution of this Act or so many of them as shall be of the Quorum That the

19° & 20° Car. II. c. 6.

633

said Strong waters Brandy or other Spirits soe intended to be exported are such for which the rate of Twelve pence a Quart hath beene formerly paid and unmingled with any Waters made of English Materials which Oath the said Commissioners or so many as shall be of the Quorum have hereby power to administer that then and in such case there shall be [re‘]paid unto every such Retailer at the time of such Exportation the whole Duty of Twelve pence per Quart by him formerly paid Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And to the end that all and every the Retailers of Wine may be the better enabled to carry on their Trade and to pay and satisfie all and every the Duties imposed Be it further enacted That if any Merchant Importer from and after the said foure and twentieth day of June during the continuance of this Act shall utter or sell any Wine to any Retailer or other person (other then such person who shall export the same) and shall directly

or indirectly ask demand or receive of or from such person any sum of Money Gift or other Reward exceeding

the Price at which the same ought by Law to be sold That then and in such case every [[such1] Merchant Importer shall forfeit and lose for every Tun of Wine soe unduly sold and uttered as aforesaid the sum of Twende pounds and soe after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity

And be it further enacted That one moyety of all and every the penalties and sums of money herein before

appointed to be forfeited shall be forfeited unto the Kings Majesty and the other moyetie unto such person or persons as shall or will sue for the same and shall and may be sued for in any Court of Record and recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein no Essoyn Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every the Commissioners to be appointed [for execuc6n of this Act shall before they intermeddle with1] the execution of this Act or any other part of theire Commission take an Oath before two or more of his Majesties Justices of the Peace in the County where such Commission is to be executed or before one of the Barons of the Exchequer which Oath he or they have power to administer in these words.

"^0X1 shall swear well and truly to execute the Place of a Commissioner for execution of an A d intituled An Act for raising of Three hundred and ten thousand pounds by an Imposition on Wines and other Liquors and therein you shall spare no person for favour or affection nor any person greiye for hatred or ill will

So helpe you God.

And all and every person and persons to be imployed by the Commissioners for execution of this Act shall before they execute such theire Employment take an Oath before the Commissioners for execution of this Act or any twoe of them which Oath they have hereby power to administer in these words.

yOU shall sweare well and truly to demean your selfe in the execution of the Warrants to you directed in pursuance of an Act entituled An Act for raising Three hundred and ten thousand pounds by an Imposition on Wines or other Liquors You shall spare no person for favour or affection nor any person greive for hatred or ill will So helpe you God.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for his Majestie from time to time during the continuance of this p>sent Ad by Commissions to be therefore issued under his

Majesties Great Seale of England to nominate and appoint such persons as his Majestie shall thinke fitt to be

Commissioners for putting in execution this psent Ad and all and every the powers and authorities to such Commissioners respectively limited and appointed and alsoe to appoint such or so many of them to be a Quorum as his Majesty shall thinke fitt

And to the end that no sorts of Wines or Strong Waters mentioned in this Act shall be twice charged with the Duties imposed by this Act or any part thereof (though it may happen to passe through the hands of

several Retailers) Be it further enacted That wheresoever any Retailer shall sell any the Liquors aforesaid to

any other person retailing the same every such Retailer shall before the delivery thereof pay or secure the Duty due for the same by vertue of this Act or make Oath the same hath beene formerly paid or secured and take a Certificate under the Hands and Seales of the Commissioners or any two of them of the payment or securing thereof Which Oath and Certificate the Commissioners or any two of them are hereby authorized and required to administer and give without Fee or Reward which said Certificate shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Buyer for retailing the same

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons to whom by authority of this Act an Oath shall be administred shall wilfully and falsely forsweare him or her selfe such wilfull and false forsweareing shall be taken and adjudged for wilfull Perjury and such person or persons shall and may be proceeded against in such manner to all intents and purposes as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realm in cases of Perjury is provided and appointed and shall suffer and incur (upon Conviction) like paines and penalties as by the said Lawes and Statutes are appointed to be inflicted and imposed

And whereas the severall sorts of Vessels or Caske wherein Wines are imported are of different and uncertain Gage and Content and that the Retailers of Wine by reason of Lees Leakage Spillage Bottomes and Decayes of Wine and other Waste cannot be psumed to sell or retail so many Quarts of Wine as they must necessarily

1 interlined on the Roll.

XII. Merchant Importer selling contrary to A&; or asking Reward, Arc. exceeding the due Price.

Penalty s£i o.

XIII. How Penalties to be recovered and divided.

XIV. Commissioners to take an Oath.

XV.

And the Officers also;

XVI. Commissioners to be appointed by the King under the Great Seal.

XVII.

To prevent the Duties being twice charged. Retailer

r or securing )uties to have Certificate thereof from Commissioners without Fee.

XVIII. Persons taking false Oath, Perjury.

XIX.

A Tenth Part allowed for Lees, Leakage, See. Retailer to make Entries.

7Y

L

634

19° & 20° Car. II. c.6.

A.D. 1667 & 1668.

enter or be returned att as aforesaid Be it provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Entries from time to time of all and every the Retailers of Wines and the Retumes of such person or persons as shall be soe as aforesaid appointed to view search and take accompt of Wines shall be according to the true and just quantityes of Wines and Lees contained in all and every the severall Vessells and Cask aforesaid And that all and every the Retailers of Wine having accordingly made true and just Entries of the quantities of theire Wines and Lees in such Vessells or Cask contained shall for and in respect of Lees Leakage Spillage Bottomes and Decayes of Wine and other Waste whatsoever have the allowance or abatement of one tenth part Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

XX.

Commissioners to deliver Quarterly Accounts upon Oath to Persona herein named, appointed under c. i. ante.

What such Accounts to contain.

If the Sum of j£jio,oooo be not fully raised before 24th June 1670, Commissioners to declare to the King and Parliament the Deficiency;

and the same to be made up by an additional Duty at the Customhouse, as by 12 Car. II. c. 4. or any other Act of this Parliament, repaying the Duty on Exportation of the said Wine, &c.

And be it further enacted That the Commissioners to be appointed by vertue of this Act or such other person or persons as shall be appointed by his Majesty to collect the moneys arising thereupon shall once every Quarter deliver in a true account in writing under his or theire hands upon theire corporal Oathes unto William Lord Brereton Baron of Laughtin in the Kingdome of Ireland William Peirpoint Esquire Sir George Savill Baronet Giles Dunster Esquire Sir James Langham Knight Henry Osborne Esquire Sir William Turner Alderman of the City of London George Thompson Esquire and John Gregory Esquire or the major part of them Commissioners appointed by an Act of this present Parliament entituled An Act for taking the Accompts of several sums of Money therein mentioned (which Oath the said Commissioners or the major part of them have hereby power to administer) of all the moneys received or secured by vertue of this Act as well for Duty as Penalty with the persons Names who have soe paid or secured the same as likewise to examine the said Accompts and all persons concerned in paying or collecting. the same as effectually to all intents and purposes and in such manner as the said Commissioners before named have power to do by vertue of the Act of Parliament aforesaid in reference to the accompts in the said Act mentioned to the intent it may appeare when the aforesaid Sum of Three hundred and ten thousand pounds with Interest for the same (after the rate of Six pounds per centum which Interest is to be accounted only from such time as such money shall be lent and paid to his Majesty upon the Credit of this Act) is fully raised or secured to be raised as this Act directs And in case the aforesaid Sum upon examination of the said Commissioners before particularly named or the major part of them shall be found not to be fully raised or secured to be raised by vertue of this Act by or before the Foure and twentieth of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seventy then the said Commissioners before particularly named or the major part of them that shall bee then living are hereby authorised and required to declare under theire Hands and Seales unto the Kings Majesty and also to both Houses of Parliament (if then sitting what part of the aforesaid Sum intended to be raised by this Act shall not appeare to be paid or secured to be paid by or on the said Foure and twentieth of June One thousand six hundred and seventy Then to the end a good and visible Security may appeare to all persons who shall advance any money as aforesaid on Security of this Act Be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for his Majesty his Heires and Successors for such time onely not exceeding one yeare as may raise the money so declared to be behind unpaid or unsecured to be accompted from the said Four and twentieth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seventy to receive and take by way of additionall Duty att the Custome house upon all kind of Wines and other Liquors chargeable by this Act the Sum of Four pounds for every Tun that shall be imported within that yeare (repaying the whole Duty hereby imposed for so much thereof as shall be exported before the Duty hereby granted shall cease) out of such collection of the Duty hereby granted as shall afterwards be made over and above all Charges Rates and Duties imposed upon them or any of them before this Act was made to be raised and leavied according to such Rules and Powers and with such Allowances as are now appointed by virtue of an Act of this present Parliament intituled A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported Or of any other Act of this present Parliament for the levying and collecting the Duty upon Wines arising by Customes.

XXI. The additional Duty to be accounted for once a Month upon Oath.

XXII.

When the Commissioners shall signify to the King and Parliament, &c. that the full Money is raised, the Act to determine.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted That the Commissioners Customers or such persons as shall be appointed by his Majesty to receive the said additional Duty of Four pounds per Tun shall once every moneth give in a true account under theire Hands and Seales upon theire corporal Oaths unto the Commissioners particularly before named or the major part of them that shall be then living of all the moneys so received or secured to be received upon the last mentioned additional Duty of Four pounds a Tun hereby charged upon all sorts of Wines and other Liquors aforesaid which Oath the said Commissioners particularly named or the major part of them have hereby power to administer) to the end that if the aforesaid Sum so declared to be unpaid or unsecured on the Foure and twentieth of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seventy shall be raised or secured to be raised upon the aforesaid additional Duty of Four pounds per Tun in lesse time then one yeare then and from thenceforth the said additional Duty is to cease and no further to be collected or demanded or any part thereof by any person or persons whatsoever other then what shall be then secured and unpaid

And that the determination and expiration of this Act and all the matters and things therein contained may clearly appeare to all persons concerned the Commissioners in this Act or the major part of them that shall be then living are hereby authorized and required to take special care that at what time soever they shall find the moneys mentioned and intended by this Act for his Majesties Supply to be fully raised that then they signifie the same under theire Hands and Seales to the Kings Majesty and alsoe to both Houses of Parliament (if then sitting) and to the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being which said Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury are hereby authorized and required to issue out Orders within ten dayes

19° & 20° Cab. IL c. 6.

635

after such notice and declaration to the Officers imployed and appointed by his Majestie for collecting the aforesaid Treasury on Notice

additional Duty of Four pounds per Tun upon all Wines and other Liquors chargeable by this Act to the intent

that no person may presume further to collect or demand the same or any part thereof but that this Act and Collection be made,

every clause matter and thing therein contained from the expiration of the said ten dayes shall cease and determine

as if the same had never been made.

And it is hereby further enacted That the whole sum of Three hundred and ten thousand pounds granted by this present Act shall be imployed and issued out of your Majesties Exchequer for defraying the charge and expence of setting out an extraordinary Fleet to Sea for the yeare One thousand six hundred sixty eight and for the pay of such Officers Mariners Seamen and others as shall serve aboard the said Fleet for the time they shall serve in the same and shall not be imployed or issued for any other use service or purpose whatsoever charge of collection and bringing in of the said moneys only excepted which in the whole is not to exceed Ten thousand pounds And that to this end all the money arising by this Act and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall be there kept apart and distinct from all other moneys paid or payable to your Majesty or to your Heires or Successors upon any other Branch of your Majesties Revenue or upon any other accompt whatsoever

And to the intent that all moneys to be lent to your Majesty upon the Credit of this Act by any person or persons Native or Forreigner Bodies Politique or Corporate may be well and sufficiently secured out of the moneys arising and payable thereby Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That there shall be [provided and1] kept in your Majesties Exchequer to wit in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt a Booke of Registry of all Orders to be made and signed by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or by the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being for payment of all such sums of money as shall be lent and furnished to your Majesty upon the Credit of this pfeent Act togeather with the Interest thereof after the Rate of Six per Cen? for a yeare as likewise for all other Orders made and signed as aforesaid for the payment or issuing of the said Three hundred and ten thousand pounds and every part thereof to any person or persons whatsoever for the uses and purposes herein before mentioned and intended And that no money, arising by this Act or furnished, upon the Credit thereof be issued out of the Exchequer but by such Order menC&ning that the moneys payable by the same are for the charge and expence of the said Fleet or for the payment of the Officers Mariners Seamen and others imployed therein as aforesaid or for the charge of collection and bringing in of the moneys arising by this Act And that all the Orders before mentioned shall be registred in course according to the respective Dates so as that the person his Executors Administrators or Assignes who shall have his Order or Orders first entred in the said Booke of Registry shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid out of the moneys to come in by vertue of this Act and he or they who shall have his or theire Order or Orders next entred shall be taken and accounted the second person to be paid and so successively and in course and that the moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective parties theire Executors Administrators or Assignes Native or Forreigner Bodies Politique or Corporate successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose upon any account or reason whatsoever

XXIII.

The Money raised by this Act to be employed in fitting out an extraordinary Fleet.

Charge of Collet ion not to exceed j£io,oooo.

XXIV.

A distinct Registry of Money lent upon the Credit of this Act to be kept in the Exchequer.

Orders to be registered and paid in course.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all moneys lent upon the Credit of this Act shall be imployed and issued for the uses above mencbned and no other and that no Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any of your Majesties Subjects for providing or making of such Register or Entries or for payment of any money lent or the Interest thereof And that all moneys arising by this Act or lent upon the Credit thereof which shall be paid and issued out of the Exchequer to the Treasurer or Victualler of your Majesties Navy or to the Leiutenant of the Ordnance shall be by them respectively wholly imployed to the uses aforesaid and not otherwise

XXV. Register to be provided. See. without Fee.

Monies issued for the Navy and Ordnance to be so employed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Treasurer of his Majesties Navy for himselfe his Deputies and Clerkes shall receive and retaine only the sum of One penny in the pound and no more and the Leiutennant or Treasurer of his Majesties Ordnance for himselfe and his Clerke shall likewise receive and retaine onely One penny in the pound and no more out of all the moneys raised borrowed and paid unto and issued out by either of them to any person or persons by vertue and in pursuance of this Act to be allowed in theire respective Accompts thereof

XXVI. Allowance to Treasurer of Navy, and Lieutenant or Treasurer of Ordnance.

1 interlined on the Roll.

19° & 20° Car. II. c.7, 8.

A.D. 1667 & 1668.

Rot, Path

19 8c to C.II. nu. 7.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Monies received for the King's Use and not psid into the Exchequer ist July 1668;

Interest at jCia.per Cent, per Ann. till Principal paid.

n.

Bodies Politic and Corporate not accounting for and paying Monies due, according to the Course of the Exchequer, to pay Interest at £12 per Cent, per Ann. till Principal paid.

Process to be awarded.

III.

Proviso for Sheriffs' Accounts of the ancient Revenue.

CHAPTER VH.

An Act for the better Payment of Moneys received for the Use of the Crown

FOR some remedy of the great abuses by Receivers Reeves Bailiffs Collectors and other Officers and persons not making due payment of Moneys and Duties received for his Majesties use and in detaining the same in theire owne hands for theire private lucre and advantage Be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That all the said Officers and Ministers aforesaid doe use all diligence to receive and gather the moneys due to his Majesty within theire several and respective Receipts and Collections and after the receipt thereof to answer and pay the same according to theire respective Duties And that all and every the person and persons aforesaid whoe having received the said moneys have not duely accompted and thereupon paid so much as by such accompt rested due to his Majesty into the Receipt of the Exchequer or to such person or persons and in such manner as the same ought to be paid and shall not pay the same as aforesaid before the first day of July which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred sixty eight shall from henceforth answer and pay to his Majesty Damages after the rate of Twelve pounds per CenP by the yeare untill the principal moneys be fully accompted for and paid in togeather with such Damages as aforesaid which shall be charged upon them in theire accompt whereof they shall not be discharged until payment made as well of the said Damages as principal moneys according to the true meaning of this Act

And further That all and every person and persons Bodies Politique and Corporate who having received any Moneys or Duties due to the Kings Majesty shall not duly accompt for and pay the same according to the course of the Exchequer into the Receipt there or to such person or persons to whom the same ought to be paid according to Law within two moneths next after the same shall have been so received shall from thenceforth answer and pay to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors Damages for all such Moneys and Duties after the rate of Twelve pounds per Cen? by the yeare for soe long time as the same shall be detained or not paid by the judgement and direction of the Court of Exchequer without any power of abatement or installment to be made or allowed for the same or any part thereof And that the processe of the said Court shall be forthwith awarded against all the said persons Bodies Politique and Corporate theire Heires Executors and Administrators chargeable with any of the said moneys for the speedy and effectuall levying thereof with Damages for the same as aforesaid according to the true meaning of this A & Any other Law Statute Usage Priviledge or Pretence whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwaies That no thing herein contained shall extend to alter the time or way of accompting of any Sheriffe within this Kingdome for any part of his Majesties ancient Revenue or other Profits anciently collected or accompted for by the Sheriffs or to make them lyable to any new Penalty for the same.

CHAPTER Vm.

Rot. Parl.

19&20 C. II, *8.8.

Recital of Scarcity of Timber.

Ten thousand Acres in the Forest of Dean tobe enclosed;

and also certain Grounds containing One thousand Acres

to be set out by virtue of His Majesty's Commission.

An Act for the Increase and ^servation of Timber within the Forest of Deane.

FORASMUCH as the Wood and Timber of the Crowne which of late yeares was of very great quantity and value within the Forest or late Forrest of Deane in the County of Gloucester is become totally destroyed excepting what is standing within the Woodwardship of the Lea-baily whereby there is an apparent scarcity of Timber there as in all other Parts of this Kingdome so that some course is necessary to be speedily taken to restore and pserve the growth of Timber for the future supply of his Majesties Royal Navy and the maintenance of Shipping for the Trade of this Nation Be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That ten thousand Acres parte of the Waste Lands of the said late Forest of Dean shall be inclosed and kept in severalty for the growth and jpservation of Timber And that it shall and may be lawfull to and for his Majesty his Heires and Successors forthwith to inclose sever and improve within and out of the parts or places of the Waste Lands of the said Forrest or late Forrest of Deane the whole containing by estima66n about twenty three thousand Acres the full quantity of ten thousand Acres of Statute measure at sixteen foote [and1] halfe to the Perch whereof the said Woodwardship of the Lea Baily containing about eleven hundred Acres to be part And alsoe the Grounds called by the several Names of Canop Fellett Buckholt Beachinhurst and Moyry stock (containing about one thousand Acres heretofore granted to John Gibbon John Mansil and Ambrose Bavin some or one of them and now belonging unto or claimed by Banistree Mainard Esquire which added to

the ten thousand Acres shall make up the full quantity of eleven thousand Acres to be inclosed as aforesaid) to

be part the said eleven thousand Acres to be set out by vertue of his Majesties Commission to be directed to six or more such persons as his Majesty shall thinke fitt (whereof two which shall execute such Commission to be Justices of the Peace for the said County inhabiting neare the parts and places of the said Forrest) out of

such part and places of the said Waste as shall be found or esteemed by the said Commissioners or any three of

1 an 0.

19° & 20° Car. II. c.8.

63T

them to be most convenient to be inclosed and to be most apt and meet to produce Wood and Timber for the future benefitt of the Kingdome and may be best spared from the use of the Commoners and High-wayes of the County) which said Inclosures shall be forthwith admeasured by a sworne Surveyor and set out and inclosed butted and bounded and the Quantities Buts and Boundaries thereof returned into his [ Majsties *] Court of Exchequer there to remain of Record for ever And the said Inclosures soe made and set out as aforesaid to remain in severalty in the altual possession of the Crowne for ever freed and discharged of and from all manner of Right Title and Pretence whatsoever (excepting of Fee Deer) according to the purport and intent of this present Act and shall be made and reputed a Nursery for Wood and Timber onely.

And for defraying the charge of the said Inclosures to be made as aforesaid Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Commissioners so to bee authorized as aforesaid or any six of them (whereof some Justices of the Peace for the said County inhabiting neare the parts of the said Forrest to be two) shall by sale of the decayed Trees of Beech Birch Hawthorne Hasle and Holley and other such like Trees not being Timber or that can ever prove Timber now standing or growing in or upon the Wastes within the said Forrest or late Forrest raise moneys for defraying the charge of making and maintaining the said inclosures and alsoe for the satisfaction of the Claim or Interest of Banistree Mainard in the Lands aforesaid which are to be made part of the said quantity of Eleven thousand Acres as aforesaid in full satisfaction and recompence for the same

And it is hereby declared & enacted That the said Lands so set forth as aforesaid shall be fully and perfectly inclosed with sufficient Mounds and Fences according to the true intent and purport of this Act within two yeares after the Feast of S1. George now next ensuing

u shall be judged most meet to produce Wood.

Boundaries to be returned into the Exchequer, and inclosures to remain to the Crown in severalty.

II.

Commissioners may sell decayed Trees to make and maintain the said inclosures, and for Satisfaction of Banistre Maynard.

III. Lands to be inclosed within Two Years.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared that att all times hereafter whensoever the Lord Treasurer of England or Commissioners of the Treasury or Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being shall att any time or times hereafter be satisfied and shall determine that the Woods and Trees which shall be growing on the said Eleven thousand Acres or any part thereof so to be inclosed as aforesaid are become past danger of the browsing of Deere Cattle or other prejudice and shall thinke fit to lay the same or any part thereof consisting of Five hundred Acres or more open and in Common shall cause the same to be soe done that then and soe often it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors from time to time to inclose in lieu of so much as shall be soe laid open out of the said Eleven thousand Acres the like quantity out of any other part of the residue of the said Wastes to be sett out by like Commission and Admeasurement as aforesaid and to be holden inclosed freed and discharged of and from all manner of Common Estovers Herbage or Pannage and other Rights excepting Fee Deere as aforesaid for soe long time as the same shall remain and continue inclosed according to the purport direction and intent of this present Act to be a Nursery for Timber as aforesaid instead of soe much as shall be laid open according to the direction aforesaid And whensoever any Wood or Timber shall att any time or times hereafter be directed to be fallen in any part of the Wastes of the said late Forrest inclosed or not inclosed the same shall be first viewed and allowed to be fallen by twoe or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County unconcerned in the pmisses and shall not be cutt or fallen untill the same be viewed and allowed by such twoe or more Justices as fitt and convenient to be cutt and fallen and that the said Justices shall have marked with a broad Arrow and Crown that it may remain to be seen (as they are hereby required and impowered to do) so many and such Trees as are most fit to be pserved for growth for Timber upon every Acre intended to be fallen and alsoe shall have certified (as they are likewise hereby required to do) unto the Lord Treasurer or Lord Commissioners of the Treasury for the [time *] being the names of the places and number of Trees soe viewed and allowed to be fallen and soe marked to be pserved as aforesaid And if any person or persons shall att any time or times hereafter either fell or cut downe any Wood or Trees upon the pmisses or any part thereof before such View Allowance and Certificate made thereof as aforesaid contrary to the true meaning of this present Act or shall after cut downe any of the said marked Trees without like allowance the person or persons so offending shall forfeit for every Tree so fallen the sum of Twenty pounds to him or them who shall inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesties Courts of Record wherein no Essoyne Wager of Law or Protestion shall be allowed to the Defendant And for further pservation of the said Timber growing and to grow upon the pmisses no Officer or other person or persons whatsoever shall att any time hereafter have or claim any Fee Trees out of the said late Forrest upon any ptence whatsoever but shall have and enjoye their usuall Fees in the Game of Deer of all parts of the said Wastes inclosed or not inclosed as formerly they have had Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

And forasmuch as by former experience it hath been found that nothing did more conduce to the raising increase and preservation of Timber and Wood within the said Wastes then the execution of the Forrest Laws whilst the said Wastes were afforrested and kept under the reguard of the Forrest Be it therefore further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That aswell the said Eleven thousand Acres so to be inclosed as all other the Waste Lands aforesaid shall be and are hereby reafforrested and shall from henceforth be governed by Forrest Law and put under the reguard of the Forrest to the same effect and in the same manner to all intents and purposes as the same were in the Tenth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Charles of blessed memory And that all Articles or Agreements and all Grants and Charters made since the Tenth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Charles for or concerning the disafforresting the Three and twenty thousand Acres aforesaid or any part thereof

IV.

When and how much shall be laid open, and by what Authority.

As much shall be inclosed anew as hath been been so opened.

Wood directed to be felled to be first viewed and marked by the Justice*.

Certificate to the Treasury.

Cutting Wood contrary to this Act;

Penalty.

No Fee Trees to be claimed.

The usual Fees in Deer.

V.

Recital that the Forest Laws are beneficial.

The said inclosed Lands, and all other the said Waste Lands, re-afforested.

7Z

19° & 20° Car. II. c. 8.

A.D. 1667 1668.

Election of Officers to be made and continued.

VI.

Estates granted out of Inclosures null and void.

VII.

The King may restore a Game of Deer, but not above eight hundred.

VIII.

Proviso for Owners, Tenants, and Occupiers of Lands of the Forest, not being Part of the Inclosures, to cut and dispose of Timber, &c.

and to manure and improve their Lands, and to hunt, &c.

IX.

Former Offences remitted.

X.

Pannage to be re-enjoyed after Michaelmas 1687

and when and in what manner all other Privileges.

XL

Proviso for the Inhabitants of St. Brerils to en joy the Wood in Hudnals; and for the Rights of Miners;

XII. and for Letters Patent to Sir John Wintour and others for certain Woods and Iron Works.

and all the matters clauses and things therein contained relating to such disafforrestadon shall be henceforth void so that the said Wastes and pmisses shall be for ever henceforth deemed and adjudged to be Forrest and to that end that new Elections shall be made for the and from dme to time continued of all* Verderors Reguarders and other Officers of and for the governing of the said Forrest according to the Forrest Law in that behalfe

And to the end the said Forrest and p>misses may be perpetually preserved and estated in the Crowne for publique use as aforesaid and may not be granted or disposed to any private use or benefit Be it further enacted That in case any person or persons whatsoever shall presume to take or shall obtain any Gift Grant Estate or Interest of or in the said Inclosures or Wastes or any Wood or Trees growing thereon or of or in any of the Mines or Quarries of or within the said Inclosures or any part thereof Every such Gift Grant Estate and Interest shall ipso facto be null and void and the person or persons so taking or obtaining the same shall be and is hereby made and declared utterly disable and uncapable to have hold or enjoy any such Gift Grant Estate or Interest

Provided alwaies nevertheles That for preventing the destruction of young Wood by overcharging the said Forrest with Deere It is declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid That in case his Majesde his Heires and Successors shall thinke fitt at any time hereafter to restore a Game of Deere within the said Forrest or Wastes the same shall not exceed the number of eight hundred Deer of all sorts at any one time there to be kept for his Majesties Game within the said Forrest

And to the end some Recompense may be made to the persons whose right of Common and of Herbage within the said intended Inclosures is hereby taken from them for the necessary pservation of the said limber as aforesaid Be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for all and every the Owners Tennants and Occupiers of any the several Lands (lying within the Metes Limits and Boundaries of the said Forrest not being part of the said waste Ground or Inclosures) theire Heires Executors & Administrators respectively from time to time and att any time or times hereafter to cut down and dispose of any the Timber Trees Woods or Under woods growing or which shall hereafter grow or be in or upon theire several and respective Lands (lying within the Boundaries aforesaid not being part of the said waste Ground as aforesaid) att theire owne wills and pleasures without the Licenses of any Justice in Eyre or his Deputy and without the License and View of any Officer of the said Forrest whatsoever and alsoe without incurring any Offence against the Forrest Law or any Forfeiture or Penalty touching the same and alsoe to manure and improve the said several Lands and Tenements by plowing assarting digging inclosing fencing or building upon the same att theire wills and pleasures and to keepe any sort of Dogs unexpeditated and to hunt and kill any Beast of Chase or other Game in or upon the said several Lands as if the same were not lying within the Bounds of any Forrest

And it is enacted by the authority aforesaid That all Offences whatsoever heretofore committed or done by any person or persons whatsoever upon the said Lands lying within the said Boundaries aforesaid not within the Wastes of the said Forrest as aforesaid against any of the Lawes of the Forrest whatsoever shall be and are hereby wholly remitted and discharged

Provided alwaies and it is hereby enacted and declared That all and every person and persons having any Right of Common of Pasture or of Pannage or any other Rights Fees Liberties or Priviledges within the said Forrest or any part thereof shall hold and enjoye the same in manner following (that is to say) Theire said Right of Pannage from and after the Feast of S*. Michael the Archangel which shall be in the yeare of our Lord Christ One thousand six hundred eighty seven and not before and theire said Right of Common of Pasture and all other their said Fees Liberties and Priviledges in and through such of the said waste Ground and at such time and times as the same shall not be inclosed as aforesaid the time of the Fence moneth (that is to say) for fifteen dayes before and fifteen dayes after the Feast of S*. John the Baptist yearely and the time of the Winter heyning (that is to say) from the Eleventh day of November to the Three and twentieth day of Aprill yearely excepted under and subject to the Forrest Lawe in as ample manner as he or they or those under whom they or any of them might lawfully claime might have held or enjoyed the same in the Tenth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Charles This Act or any other thing to the contrary notwithstanding

Savino alsoe unto the Inhabitants of and in the Parish of S* Brerills for the time being lying within the Boundaries of the said Forrest their lawfull Rights and Priviledges for the taking cutting and enjoying the Wood

growing in a certaine place within the said Forrest called Hudnalls as fully and amply as if this Act had not

been [had ormade and alsoe saving unto the Miners and persons using the Trade of Digging for Iron Oar Coal and Oker in the said Forrest theire lawfull Rights and Priviledges in all Lands and Grounds lying within the Perambulation and Reguard of the said Forrest other then the said Inclosures for the time they shall continue inclosed as fully and absolutely as if this Act had not been had or made

Provided neverthelesse That this Act nor any thing therein contained shall make void or null certaine Letters Patents granted by the Kings Majesty unto Sir John Wintour Knight Francis Finch and Robert Cleyton Esquires in or about the Thirtieth of July in the Fourteenth yeare of his now Majesties Reigne of certain Woods and

Iron works in the Forrest of Dean for a certain term of yeares yet unexpired

19° & 20" Car. II. c. 8,9.

639

Provided alwaies That no thing in this A & contained shall be deemed or construed to make void or fpjudice a certaine Lease for yeares yet unexpired granted to Thomas Preston Esquire by tres Patents under the Great Seal of certain Lands in the said Forrest of Dean called Great and Little Bradleys Pigslade Buckholt-moor and Stony grove now belonging to or claimed by Dame Mary Stanhope Reli& of Charles Stanhop Esquire

Provided alwaies and it is hereby declared That the Lands called or knowne by the Name of Mayly Scot and other Lands heretofore granted unto Sir Edward Villars Knight deceased and his Heires by tres Patents under the Great Seal of England bearing date the Eight and twentieth day of May in the first yeare of the Reigne of our late Soveraigne Lord King Charles the First shall not be accounted or esteemed any part of the Three and twenty thousand Acres which are to be inclosed or lie waste to the Commoners

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if the full and just sum of One thousand five hundred pounds shall not be paid unto the said Banistree Mainard his Heires or Assignes by the said mentioned Commissioners or some other person or persons by theire appointment for and in lieu of his Estate in the Lands called Cannop Fellet Buckholt Beechinhurst and Moyry Stocke on or before the Four and twentieth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty nine That then the said Banistree Maynard his Heires and Assignes shall and may have hold and enjoy all and every the said mentioned Lands in as full and ample manner as any of those persons from whom he claimes did ever enjoy the same or might have enjoyed the same by vertue of any Grant under the Great Seal of England made unto them of the pmisses Any thing in this fPsent AS to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

Provided and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Metes and Boundaries of the said Forrest shall be for ever hereafter taken to extend to such Parishes and places only as were commonly used esteemed and taken to be within the Perambulacbn and Reguard of the said Forrest in the twentieth yeare of the Reigne of the late King James and not to any other Parishes or places whatsoever Any Judgement Ordinance Usage or Pretence whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it fiither enacted by the authority aforesaid That any Lease or Leases made or to be made by his Majesty his Heires or Successors to any person or persons whatsoever for any terme or termes of yeares not exceeding the terme of One and thirty yeares in possession of the Coalmines and Quarries of Grindeston in the said Forrest or any part thereof shall be of like force as if this Act had never been made Except of such Coalmines as are or shall be in any part of the Eleven thousand Acres allotted for his Majesties Inclosure and as shall continue inclosed.

XIII.

And for Thomas Preston and Dame Mary Stanhope.

XIV. Proviso for Maly-Scot and other Lands of Sir E. Villiers.

XV.

Proviso forPayment of J2i,$oo to Banistree Mainard.

XVI.

How far the Metes and Bounds of the Foret shall extend.

. XVII. Proviso for Leases from the Crown of Coal-Mines and Grindstone Quarriet.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for proceeding to Judgement on Writs of Error brought in the Exchequer.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the Sixteenth yeare of the Kings most excellent ‘Majestie It was enacted TV That the not coming of the Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer or either of them at the day of the Return of any Writ of Error to be sued forth by vertue of the Statute made in the One and thirtieth yeare of the Reigne of King Edward the Third shall not cause any abatement or discontinuance of any such Writt of Error But if both the Cheife Justices of either Bench or either of them or any one of the said Great Officers the Lord Chancellor or Lord Treasurer shall come to the Exchequer Chamber and there be present at the day of the Return of any such Writt of Error it shall be no abatement or discontinuance but the Suit shall proceed in Law to all intents and purposes as if both the Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer had come and beene present at the day and place of the Return of such Writt In which said Statute it is provided That no Judgement shall be given in such Suit or Writ of Error unlesse both the Lord Chancellor and Lord Treasurer be present thereat. And whereas at this present time there is no Lord Treasurer and therefore by reason of the said Proviso no Judgement can be had in any Writ or Writs of Error brought and yet depending or to be brought to the great charges and fPjudice of his Majesties Subjects and delay of Justice For remedy wherein Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons in Parliament assembled That Judgement shall or may be given in any Suit or Writ or Writs of Error now depending or hereafter to be brought in the Exchequer in the presence of the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England notwithstanding the vacancy of a Lord Treasurer in such manner as hath been accustomed when there was present the said two Great Officers The said Proviso in the said Statute or any thing else therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Rot. Parl.

19&20C.IL *.9.

Recital of 16C. II. c. a.

31 E. III. st. 1. c. 12.

Judgment may be given in Writs of Error in presence of the Lord Keeper, notwithstanding the Vacancy of the Lord Treasurer.

19° & 20° Car. II. c. 10, 11.

A.D. 1667

CHAPTER X.

Rot. ParU igkioC.IIjm.io.

After the 25th of March 1668, all Sort* of Leather may be exported,

on Payment of Duty of 1 ad. perCwt.

An Act for giving Liberty to buy and export Leather and Skins tanned or dressed.

WHEREAS it is found by experience since the late stri& Prohibition of the exporting of Leather That the

Prices thereof and consequently of Raw Hides are very much abated to the great discouragement of the Breed and feeding of Cattel and fall of the Rents and Value of Land and yet that the Makers of Bootes and Shooes and other Workers in Leather have still during this time sold theire Wares and Comodities very dear Be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice & consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That from and after the Twenty fifth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty eight It shall and may be lawfull for any person or persons Native or Forreigner to buy in open Faire or Markett and to export and transport into Scotland or Ireland or any Forreign Parts beyond the Seas all sorts of Leather Sheep skins or Calve skins tanned tawed or dressed Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise

notwithstanding Paying for each Hundred weight of all sorts of Leather Sheep skins and Calve skins containing

One hundred and twelve pounds and so proportionable for a greater or lesser quantity the sum of Twelve pence and no more

II.

Continutnce ofAd.

[And*] it is hereby further enacted by the authority hereof That this Act shall continue and be in force until the Five and twentieth day of March One thousand six hundred seventy five and until the end of the first Session of Parliament then next ensuing and no longer

Rot. Parl.

19&ioC.II.nv.il.

Recital that Silk Throwing it obstruded by a By-law.

The tame By-law made void, and the Company disabled to restrain the Number of Mills, Spindles, &c.

II.

Silk-winders or Doublers purloining

to be imprisoned or punished as by 14(13 & 14) C. II. c. 15. $ 5, 6.

III.

No By-law to restrain Number of Apprentices to less than Three.

CHAPTER XI.

An Act to regulate the Trade of Silk Throwing

WHEREAS the Art of working and throwing of Silk for many yeares past (giving Imployment to the Poor of the Kingdom) hath of late been obstru&ed by reason that the present Master and Wardens and part of the Assistants and Commonalty of the Trade Art or Mistery of Silk Throwers of the City of London have endeavored to put in execution a certaine By-law by them made neere forty years since restraining and stinting the Freemen of the said Company that they shall not worke with above the Number of One hundred and sixty Spindles att one time and the Assistants of the said Company with above the number of Two hundred and forty Spindles which is an hindrance to the Growth & Improvem1 of the said Art and a restraint to the working of Silks in this Kingdome which is of late much improved and to the Subsistence & Livelyhood of many thousand poor Families and puts the Traders in that Comodity upon a necessity of using Forreign Thrown Silk Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual [& Temporall and Commons assembled in Parliament That the said By-law is hereby void and null and the said Company are fyereby disabled from making any By-law for the future which shall restrain or limit the Number of Mills Spindles or other Utensils to be imployed by any of the Free men of the said Company in or about the said Art or Mistery

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Silk winder or Doubler shall hereafter be found faulty in unjustly deceitfully or falsely purloyning imbezilling pawning selling or detaining any Silke committed to his or theire Trust That then any Justice of Peace Maior Bailiffe or cheif Officer of any County Liberty or Corporation shall immediately upon conviction by confession of the party or upon the Oath of one Witnessbefore any of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Officer commit to Prison or to the house of Correction the Offender till satisfaction be given to the party wronged or punishment inflicted as by an Act of Parliament intituled An Act for regulating the Trade of Silke Throwing made this present Parliament is directed and appointed Any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding

And be it further enacted That no By-law already made or hereafter to be made by the said Company shall or may limit or confine any Freeman of the said Company to take a lesse number then three Apprentices att any time

1 interlined on the Roll.

19" & 20° Cab. II. c. 12.

641

cap. in.

An Additional Act against the Importation of Forreign Cattel

WHEREAS by an Alt of this present Parliament intituled An Act against importing Cattel from Ireland and other parts beyond the Seas and Fish taken by Forreignere. amongst other things Provision was made against Importation of Cattel from parts beyond the Seas And it was thereby enacted That such Importation from and after the second day of February which was in the yeare One thousand six hundred sixty six was a pubtick Nusance and should be so adjudged deemed and taken to all intents and purposes And that if any great Cattel Sheepe or Swine or any Beef Pork or Bacon (except for the necessary Provision of the respective Ships or Vessels in which the same should be brought not exposing the same to sale) should from and after the said second day of February by any wise whatsoever be imported or brought from beyond the Seas into this Kingdom of England Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed That then it should and might be lawfull for any Constable Tithingman Headborough Church warden or Overseers of the Poore or any of them within their respective Liberties Parishes or Places to take and seize the same and keepe the same during the space of eight and fourty houres in some publick or convenient place where such seizure should be made within which time if the Owner or Owners or any for them or him should make it appeare unto some Justice of the Peace of the same County where the same should be so seized by the Oath of two credible Witnesses that the same were not imported from Ireland or from any other place beyond the Seas not therein after excepted after the said second day of February Then the same upon the Warrant of such Justice of Peace should be delivered without delay but in default of such Proof and Warrant then the same to be forfeited one halfe thereof to be disposed to the use of the poor of the Parish where the same shall be so found or seized the other to be to his or theire owne use that should soe seize the same Notwithstanding which Act and the good Provision thereby great number of Cattell Sheep and Swine and great quantities of Beefe Pork and Bacon have since the time limited by the said Act been imported from Ireland and other places beyond the Seas as well in Forreign as English Ships and Vessels contrary to the good intent of the said Act and in continuance of the said Nusance and in high contempt of the Authority of Parliament And divers Church wardens Constables Tithing men and Overseers of the Poore living neere the Sea for theire owne private Lucre having combined with the Owners of such Cattel Sheep Swine Beef Pork and Bacon imported as aforesaid or with theire Agents have colourably seized and afterwards privately and fraudulently sold the same at very low and inconsiderable Rates to the said Owners or theire Agents And other of the said Officers who have discharged theire Duties in the due execution of the said Act have been molested therefore and several Actions Suits Plaints and Informations have [been1]] brought and prosecuted against some of them in Counties and places far distant from theire Habitations to theire great charge and discouragement For the Vindication therefore of the Authority of Parliament from such bold Affronts and the Indempnifying as well of such Officers who have faithfully endeavored the Execution of the said A & (although they have not strictly pursued the same in every Circumstance) as of such other person and persons who have acted in their aid and assistance and for the better and further suppression of the said Nusance Be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal & Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authority of the same That all and every Constable Tithingman Headborough Church warden and Overseer of the Poor and every other person or persons who have acted in or concerning the seizure keeping detaining or disposing of any Cattel Sheep Swine Beef Pork or Bacon imported contrary to the said Act after the said second day of February shall be and are hereby saved harmeles and indemnified in that behalfe against the Owner or Owners thereof at the time of such Importation their Executors and Administrators and every other person and persons claiming from by or under their Gift Grant or other Disposition and against all and every person and persons to whom any fraudulent Sale hath been made [after1] such Importation as aforesaid and their and every of theire Executors and Administrators

Rot, Pari, 19 & 10 C.JI, am, is.

Recital of 18 Car. II. c. a. § I.

and that

notwithstanding the said Act great Numbers of Cattle,

&c. hare been imported* and that divers Churchwardens* &c. had combined with the Owners for colourable Seizures, and that others who

had discharged their Duty had been molested by Suits in distant Counties.

Officers who have seized any imported Cattle indemnified.

[And it is provided and further enacted That not onely the Constables and Officers above named but every or any other Inhabitant or Inhabitants of or within the Liberties Parishes and places where such Importation shall be made shall and may take and seize the Cattel and Goods so imported and after such seizure shall forthwith deliver or cause them to bee delivered to the Constable Tithingman Headborough Church warden or Overseers of the Poore or any of them within the respective Liberties Parishes and Places aforesaid to be kept ordered and disposed in the manner and to the uses and purposes in this Act and in the said recited Act or either of them mentioned and directed

II.

Any Person may seize imported Cattle* and deliver

* l~l ■ I .A

And it is further enacted That if no Seizure at all shall be made by the Officers or Inhabitants nor any of them within the Liberty Parish or Place where such Cattel or Goods as aforesaid shall be first imported Then such Liberty Parish and Place and the Inhabitants thereof neglecting to make such Seizure for every default shall forfeit the sum of One hundred pounds which shall be imployed for the use of the House of Correction within the County or Liberty where such default of Seisure shall be and the Moneys so to be forfeited and other the Penalties and Forfeitures which are to accrue to the Poor by vertue of this Act and the said recited Act or either of them shall be accounted for to such persons att such times and in such manner as the Overseers of the Poore are appointed to accompt by the Statute made in the Three and fortieth yeare of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth Chapter the second*]

111.

Negle&xng to seize*

Penalty d£too.

Penalties accounted for as Overseers of the Poor account under 43 Eli/., c. 2.

19° & 20° Car. II. c. 12.

A.D. 1667 W 1668.

iv.

Ship* bringing Cattle, &c. from beyond Sea, to be forfeited, seized and sold.

The Seamen to be apprehended, and allothers concerned, and sent to the Common Gaol.

V.

Cattle, &c. seised and then driven, &c. into another Parish, Constable, &c. of such other Parish may seise and dispose thereof.

VI.

Information laid in the same County where Cause of Action.

VII.

In Action for executing Ad,

General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

VIII. Proviso for Importation of Cattle from Isle of Man.

IX.

Confederacy to elude this Act, Premunire.

i6R.II. c.5.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Shipp or Vessel with all her Tackle and Apparel in which any great Cattel Swine Sheepe Beef Pork or Bacon from and after the Four and twentieth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and seaven shall be imported from Ireland or any other parts beyond the Seas into the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick upon Tweed and out of which they or any of them shall be put on Shore there shall be forfeited And that it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person or persons within the space of one yeare after such Importation to take and seize the same Shipp or Vessel with all her Tackle and Apparel and to make sale thereof to the best advantage and that one halfe of the Moneys to be raised by such Sale shJl be disposed of to the use of

the Poor of the Parish where the same shall be so seized the other halfe to be to his or their use that ahall

so seize the same And alsoe that it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Justice of Peace of the County or Cheif Officer of the Port Town in or neare the place where such Importation shall be made or where any of the Cattel Sheep Swine Beef Pork or Bacon so imported shall be driven or brought by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of such Justice of Peace or Cheif Officer to cause to be apprehended all and every the Masters Mariners and Seamen having Charge of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel in which such Importation shall be made and all and every other person and persons acting or imployed in the landing driving attending on or taking care or charge of the said Cattel Sheep Swine Beef Pork or Bacon imported as aforesaid and them to commit to the Common Goal of the said County there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the space of three Moneths

And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That whensoever and as often as it shall happen either through any fraudulent Agreement or unfaithfull Connivance of any Constable Headborough Tithingman Church warden or Overseer of the Poor or that it shall happen any otherwise howsoever that any great Cattel Sheep Swine Beef Pork or Bacon after the first Seizure of them or any of them by vertue of the aforesaid Act

shall be driven brought carried into or found in any other Parish or place then where the same shall be first

seized as aforesaid That then and so often and from time to time it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Constable Tithingman Headborough Church warden or Overseer of the Poor of every or any such other Parish or place where such great Cattel Sheep Swine Beef Pork or Bacon shall be brought driven or carried into or found as aforesaid to seize take and dispose the same and every or any of them as forfeited The one moyety thereof to the use of the Poor of such other Parish or place where such Seizure shall be made the other to the use of such Officer or Officers who shall seize the same as aforesaid Any other or former Seizure or Seizures in any other Parish or Parishes place or places notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Action Bill Plaint Suit or Information is or shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for any Seizure or other thing made or done or to be made or done by vertue or colour of this or the aforesaid Act and upon the Triall of such Action Bill Plaint Suit or Information it shall not be proved to the Jury that shall try the same that the Cause of such Action Bill Plaint Suit or Information did arise within such County where such Action Plaint Suit or Information is laid and tried the Defendant & Defendants shall be found Not guilty without having regard to any Evidence given by or for the Plaintiff Informer or Prosecutor

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Action Bill Plaint Suit or Information hath been or shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for any seizure or other thing done or made or to be done or made in pursuance or execution of this or the aforesaid Act such person or persons so sued in any Court whatsoever may plead the General Issue and give this and the aforesaid Act and the

special matter in Evidence for theire Excuse or Justification And if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuit

or forbear Prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him in any such Action Bill Plaint Suit or Information as aforesaid the Defendants shall have treble Costs for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to the Defendant

Provided alwaies That no thing in this Act shall be construed to hinder the Importation of Cattel from the Isle of Man into this Kingdom of England so as the Number of the said Cattel do not exceed six hundred Head yearly [and that they be not of any other breed then of the breed of the Isle of Man1] and that they be landed att the Port of Chester or some of the Members thereof and not elsewhere

[And it is lastly enacted That if any person or persons shall wilfully and fraudulently conspire confederate or agree togeather to avoide or evade the seizures or forfeitures upon Importation of Cattel or Goods in this present Act particularly specified and the same shall put in execution then every such person and persons being thereof lawfully indicted or presented within one yeare next after such Offence by him or them committed and being

thereof lawfully convicted or attainted at any time after according to the Laws of this Realm shall incur the

dangers penalties paines and forfeitures contained and provided in and by the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the sixteenth yeare of the Reigne of King Richard the Second.a]

1 interlined on the Roll.

9 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

19° & 20° Car. II. c. 13.

643

CHAPTER Xm.

An Act for the taxing and assessing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Levell of the Fennsf")

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Parliament endtuled An Act for settling the Dreyneing of the

V T Great Levell of the Fenns called Bedford Levell, It is amongst other Things enacted That the Governor Bayliffes and Conservators of the Corporacon in the said Act menc&ed, and by vertue of the same from tyme to tyme to be elected and appointed for the time being or any five or more of them (whereof the Governor and Bayliffes for the tyme being or any of them to be two) should and might from thenceforth use the Power and Authority of Comissio :*]s of Sewers within the said Great Levell, and from tyme to tyme lay and impose Taxes upon the nynety five thousand Acres within the said Levell, in the said Act men&ed for the Maintenance and Preservacon of the same, as by the said Act appeareth And whereas since the makeing of the said Act, the Governor Bayliffes and Conservators of the said Corporacon in Execu£6n of the Power and Authority thereby to them given, have laid and imposed Taxes upon the said nynety five thousand Acres for the Purposes by the said Act specified and appointed, wherein they have proceeded by way of an Acre taxe at a certaine Rate by the Acre and have enforced the Paiement of the same after that Manner to the great Damage of [diverse*] the Adventurers and Participants, for that the said nynety five thousand Acres are not only much different in the naturall Richnesse and Barrennesse of their Soyle but likewise some Parts of the said Lands are by frequent Inundacbns and otherwise exceedingly pejorated and made worse, and the Corne Hay Seed or Grass thereupon often destroyed, yett the same Lands are equally taxed with the best and most secure Lands in the said Levell as [aforesaid*] the which said Way of raising Dreyneing taxes upon the said nynety five thousand Acres by an equall Acre rate hath been found to be inconvenient, and for removeing the said Inconvenience, the said Governor Bayliffes and Conservators have of late proceeded to a more indifferent way of taxeing of the said nynety five thousand Acres (that is to say) by a graduall Acre taxe of five Sorts upon eighty three thousand Acres Part of the said nynety five thousand Acres, and by a Medium of the twelve thousand Acres Residue of the said nynety five thousand Acres, And to the Intent that incouragement may bee given for the better improveing of the said nynety five thousand Acres, and that a constant and certaine way of taxeing may bee continued and established for the future Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That all Taxes hereafter to bee sett and imposed for the Maintenance and Preservacbn of the said Great Levell are hereby appointed and declared to be from tyme to tyme assessed and taxed by the said Governor Bayliffes and Conservators or their Successors or any five or more of them whereof the said Governor and Bayliffes for the tyme being or any of them to bee two upon the said eighty three thousand Acres Part and Parcell of the said nynety five thousand Acres by a graduall Acre tax of diferent Sorts and Values of Lands the which said graduall Acre tax sett as aforesaid and all future graduall Acre taxes to bee sett shall be received paid and leavied with like Penalties in the said recited Act provided for Non payment of Taxes by such and the like Wayes and Meanes as by the said recited Act are provided for to be paid and leavied, And the said eighty three thousand Acres for raiseing of Taxes for Support and Maintenance of the Great Levell are not to bee rated or assessed otherwise or in any other Manner then according to a graduall Acre taxe of different Sorts and Degrees, and according to the respective Values and Rates thereby sett and rated and to be sett and rated as is hereafter is appointed upon the said eighty three thousand Acres, Any Law Statute or other Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

And whereas the said twelve diousand Acres Residue of the said nynety five thousand Acres are by the said graduall Acre tax towards the raiseing of the Sume of Six thousand one hundred and tenn pounds seaven shillings one penny halfe penny are rated and taxed at one shilling three pence p Acre being a Medium as if the whole nynety five thousand Acres had been rated taxed and assessed at fifteene pence p Acre Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and soe often as a Taxe of the said Sume of six thousand one hundred and tenn pounds seaven shillings one penny halfe penny shall be taxed and assessed upon the said nynety five thousand Acres, that then the said twelve thousand Acres shall be rated taxed and assessed by the said Governor Bayliffes and Conservators and their Successors or any five or more of them whereof the said Governor and Bayliffes or any of them to be two at fifteene pence the Acre and according to the Propor£6n for the raiseing of any greater or a lesser Sume then six thousand one hundred and tenn pounds seaven shilling one penny halfe penny to be received paid and leavyed together with Penalties in such and the like Manner as the Taxes sett and imposed or to be sett and imposed upon the said eighty three thousand Acres are by this Act provided for to be received paid and leavyed,

And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That noe Taxes to be sett by vertue of this Act shall be sett or imposed upon the said nynety five thousand Acres by the said Governor Bayliffes and Conservators or their Successors or any five or more of them, but upon Wednesday Thursday and Friday next after the first Sunday in Aprill or some or one of them, three Dayes yearely for ever and not at any other tyme Any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office.

« interlined.

Mi. 9*

Recital of 15 Car. II. c. 17.

and that since the said Act the Corporation had imposed Taxes at a certain Rate per Acre 5

and that the said Tax was unequal and inconvenient.

Taxes hereafter to be assessed by the Governor, &c. by a gradual Acre Tax.

II.

Whenever there is a Tax of ^6,110. 7s. 1 £d. upon the said 95,000 Acres, then the mid 12,000 Acres to be rated at Fifteen-pence per Acre \

and so in proportion.

hi.

Days 00 which Tax on the 95,000 Acres to be set.

19° & 20° Car. II. c. 13.

A.D. 1667 fif 1668.

IV.

15 C.II. c. 17. § 8. Day* for Sales for Non-payment of Taxes appointed.

Serjeant at Mace of the Great Levell to deliver Possession to Purchaser by Precept under Corporate Seal.

V.

Names of the Surveyors who are to digest the 83,000 Acres into Seven Sorts;

who are to return Schedules thereof upon Oath.

Returns made within One Month from Survey, and to be set up publickly 111 the Fen-Office.

Appeal to Commissioners;

Names of such Commissioners

their Power as to Relief and Costs;

Limitation of Appeal.

Schedules to form the Rule of taxing.

The 12,000 Acres how to be rated.

VI.

Tax of

£6,110. js. i^d. laid on the 83,000 Acres according to gradual Acre Tax.

And whereas by the said recited Act it is amongst other Things provided That Sales for Non payment of Taxes shall be made at Ely upon Wednesday and Thursday in Whitson weeke yearely, the which Season is found to be inconvenient For Remedy whereof bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Whitson weeke which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty eight those Dayes for Sales shall be altered and changed unto the said Wednesday Thursday and Friday after the said first Sunday in Aprill in every Yeare and all other Matters and Things concerning or relateing to Sales for Non payment of Taxes by the said recited A & provided are to stand in Force and to be observed with this that the Se'jant at Mace of the said Great Levell shall from tyme to tyme by Precept under the Seale of the Corporac6n of the said Great Levell in Nature of a Writt of Habere fee possessions at Comon Law deliver Possession unto such pson or psons as shall purchase any part of the said nynety five thousand Acres for Non payment of Taxes, and the said Govemor Bayliffes and Conservators are hereby required and authorized to affixe the Seale of the said Corporation from tyme to tyme to such Precept or Precepts at the Charge of the Parties requireing the same Any Law Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

And to the end that the said eighty three thousand Acres may be more equally rated by a graduall Acre Taxe not under the Number of seaven Sorts, Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That Edward Partheridge Esq>: Samuel! Fortery Esquire Richard Mariott Esquire John Myngay Jonas Moore Peter Diamond Esquires Anthony Haraond Esquire Mark le Pla Gen and John Bridgeman junio' Gen! or any three or more of them are hereby constituted and appointed to be Surveyors and Valuers of the said eighty three thousand Acres, and are within twelve Moneths next after the passing of this Act to digest the said eighty three thousand Acres into such Number of Sorts or Degrees of Land not under the Number of seaven Sorts and Degrees, and to rate and tax such Degrees and digest the same into Schedules in Writeing and make Retumes thereof upon their Oathes into the Fenn Office, the Forme of which said Oath shall be (vizt)

j: A: B : doe sweare That according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully discharge the Trust

of surveying sorting devideing and rateing of eighty three thousand Acres Parcell of nynety five thousand Acres within the Great Levell of the Fenns knowne by the Name of Bedford Le/ell according to seaven Degrees or more as I upon my Oath shall thinke most equall,

The which said Oath the said Govemor Bayliffes and Conservators or any three or more of them are hereby authorized to administer and alsoe to allow unto the said Surveyor\ or Valluers such reasonable Charges for their Traill and Paines therein as they shall think fitt, and after the same are returned into the said Fenn Office and there publiquely sett up, which said Retume is hereby enacted to be made within one Moneth after the Survey taken and the severall Valuacbns by the Parties to that Purpose by this Act appointed and agreed upon, and all Parties agrived may take their Excepc6ns within thirty Dayes next after the same are sett up and within forty Dayes next after such Excepc&ns taken may appeale for Releife unto the said Governor: Bayliffes and Conservators or any five or more of them [for13 altering the said Schedules in the Rates and Values complained off, soe as the Parties appealeing shall prosecute their said Appeale within the said forty Dayes, and not at any Tyme after. And in case the said Govemor: Bayliffes and Conservators shall not within the said forty Dayes releive the said Parties grived or if the said Parties shall not bee satisfied with the Determinacon of the said Govemor Bayliffes and Conservators That then the [said'] Parties may appeale unto Sr. Henry North Barr*: Sr Levinus Bennett Barronett S': Robert Brooke of Yoxford Knight Sr: Edmond Pooiey Knight Henry Williams Robert Apreece, Richard Nailer Houmphrey Orme, Morris Tresham Lawrence Oxborough Henry Farer junio'. Edward Barber Mathew Wren Thomas Marsh Henry Hitch Ddor: of Lawes Thomas Steward Anthony Fisher Mathias Tayler John Towers Esquires and Burrage Martin Gen! or any three or more of them who are hereby constituted and appointed ComissiorJ': of Appeale to heare and determine such Complaints and to give Relief therein as they shall see cause and to award Costs to either Parties as they shall see cause the which said Costs may bee recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesties Courts of Record at Westmr: wherein noe Essoigne or Wager of Law shall bee [allowed which said Appeales to the Comissio" shall be‘] duely prosecuted by the said Parties grieved within two Moneths next after the Expiracbn: of the forty Dayes and not at any tyme after, The which [said1] Schedules with the Alteracbns if any shall be made by the said Corporacbn wherewlh: the Parties shall rest satisfied or by the Determina£6n of the said Coni": of Appeale are hereby confirmed and shall bee a constant Rule and Foundacbn for the rateing and taxeing of the said eighty three thousand Acres for the Future for Maintenance and Preservac6n of the Works made and to bee made within or without the said Great Levell of the Fens And that the said GovemoT: Bayliffes and Conservators nor their Successors nor any of them shall taxe or assesse the said eighty three thousand Acres otherwise then by and according to the said Schedules to be returned or confirmed as aforesaid, And it is declared That the said twelve thousand Acres Residue of the said nynety five thousand Acres shall bee rated and taxed by a Medium towards all Taxes hereafter to be laid, as by the said Taxe made the said twentieth Day of June is provided, and not otherwise

And it is hereby further enacted That a Taxe of the said Sume of Six thousand one hundred and tenn pounds seaven shillings one penny halfe penny shall and may bee sett by the said Governor Bayliffes and Conservators or any five or more of them in Whitson weeke next upon the said eighty three thousand Acres according to the said graduell Acre Taxe of five Degrees upon the said twelve thousand Acres at fifteene pence p Acre and for

1 interlined.

A.D. 1667 & 1668.

19° & 20? Car. II. c. 13.

645

Non payment shall and may be levied by Sales on Wednesday Thursday or Friday, after the sayd first Sunday in Sale* for Noo-Aprill then next following and that from thenceforth all future Taxes shall bee laid and imposed upon the said eighty three thousand Acres by a graduall [Acre1] Taxe not under seaven Degrees and twelve thousand Acres in such Manner and Forme as by this AS is provided and not otherwise

And whereas Sr. Myles Sandys the Elder and Sr Miles Sandys the Younger were Adventurers and Participants with Francis late Earle of Bedford in the said Level!, and had an Interest in several! Shares Lotts and Propor£6ns in the said Great Levell, the Right Title and Interest in great Part of which said Shares and Lotts were as appeares by Indenture bearemg Date the twelveth Day of June in the first Yeare of his now Majesties Raigne, node betweene Sr. Miles Sandys the Younger of the one Part, and Thomas Sandys Esquire and Robert Sandys Clerke, Humberston Marsh Esquire Samuell Spalding Gens William Wolson Clerke, and John Kirke of the second Part, and Samuell Sandys of Ombersley Esq*. on the third Parte, setled in several! Trustees therein named in Trust for the Payment of all such Taxes as should be due, for or in respect of the said Lands mencbed in the said Indenture, and after in Trust for the secureing of the said Samuell Sandys Esq*. from all such Debts as hee the said Samuell Sandys stood engaged for the proper Debts of the said Sr. Miles Sandys the Elder, and Sr. Miles Sandys the Younger, since which said Indenture soe had and made the said Samuell Sandys the Elder has paid great Sumes of Money for and towards the Satisfa£6n of the said Debts of Sr. Myles Sandys the Elder, and Sr. Miles Sandys the Younger, and yett hath reaped noe Benefitt by vertue of the said Deed of Trust [soe1] as aforesaid made for his Security although by an Act made by this present Parliament, entituled An Act for setling the dreining of the Great Levell of the Fenns called Bedford Levell, the said Samuell Sandys ought to have had a Conveyance of the Shares and Lotts men£6ed in the said Indenture, but in regard the said Samuell Sandys Esquire nor any in Trust for him could procure any Conveyance which hath proved very prejudiciall to the said Samuell Sandys the Elder, Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and [the1] Comons in this present Parliament assembled [and by Authority of the same1] That all the said Lotts and Shares in the said Indenture men£6ed [except only such Lands of the said Halfe Share as were really sold by Sr Miles Sands yc. Elder or Sr. Miles Sands the Younger for foil & valuable Considerac6ns1 ] and such of the said [two Shares which havel] been sould for the Payment of Taxes [or Debts1] in pursuance of the said Indenture by the said [Sr. Miles Sandys and the1] Trustees Partyes [to1] the said Indenture are hereby vested and settled in Samuell Sandys the Younger Esquire and Edwyn Sandys Gens Sonnes of the said Samuell Sandys the Elder their Heires and Assignes [freed and discharged from all Manner of Taxes whatsoever to the time of the passing this Aft1] And by the Authority aforesaid the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Lot? and Shares aforesaid [except

VII.

Recital that Samuel Sandra the elder had a Right to a Conveyance of certain Shares of Sir Miles Sandys the elder and others under an Indenture of lath June, i Car. II.

15 Car. II. c. 17.

The said Shares rested in Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys, Sons of the said Samuel Sandys the elder, free from Taxes to the Time of passing this Act;

before excepted *] shall bee deemed and adjudged to bee in the said Samuell Sandys the Younger and Edwyn Sandys, theire Heires and Assignes for ever, neverthelesse the said Shares and Lot? hereby vested shall bee liable to [the but liable to Debts, Payment of the Debts aforesaid and to all Powers and Jurisdictions togeather with the Residue of the said nynety fut^axes^as five thousand Acres as the same are subject & lyable by the said recited Act for the future and *] of all such herein mentioned. Taxes and Penalties as shall be hereafter assessed or laid for the Preservac6n of the said Great Levell in such

Sort and Manner as the eighty three thousand Acres Parcell of the nynety five thousand Acres shall be assessed and taxed, Any Law Statute or Thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every [of1] the Sale or Sales made [agreed or contracted for, for Non payment of Taxes'] of any of the Lands of the payment of Taxe* said Sr. Miles Sandys the Elder or Sr. Miles Sandys the Younger, or the said Samuell Sandys the Elder Esq*. by the oftbo*eLandtToid; Governors Bayliffes and Conservato". constituted and elle&ed by Authority of an Act of this present Parliament 15C1r.Il. c. 17. intituled An Act for settling the dreyneing of the Great Levell of the Fenns called Bedford Levell to any Person or Persons whatsoever by vertue or colour of the said Act is are and shall bee null and void, and that the said and the Lands sold Lands sould by the said Governor" Bayliffes and Conservator" [except before excepted1] are and shall bee vested vMt«lufthe said and settled by this present Act in the said Samuell Sandys the younger and Edwyn Sandys their Heires and Samuel and Edwin Assignes freed and discharged of and from all Taxes laid by the said Governors Bayliffes and Conservato", J

Any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding

And to the end the said Samuell Sandys and Edwin Sandys may have the Effect and Benefitt hereby intended lx"

them and that the Occupiers and Possessors of the said Shares and Lotts vested in them the said Samuell Sandys and Edwyn Sandys as aforesaid may not by their continueing in Possession and Neglect of payeing the Taxes hereafter to be imposed on the said Shares and Lotts or any Part of them cause the same to be forfeited and sold for Non payment of the respective Taxes that shall become due for the same Bee it therefore hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case any Occupier [or1] Possessor of any the said Shares or Lotts in the said Deed of Trust menc6ed as aforesaid or of any Part of them pretending to clayme under the said Deed of Trust or otherwise that shall refuse to deliver or yeild up the Possession of such Part of the said Shares or Lotts to them the said Samuell Sandys and Edwyn Sandys or their Assignes and shall not duely pay the Taxes hereafter to be imposed on the same before our Lady day one thousand six hundred seaventy one, That then the Seijant at Mace for the tyme being attending the said Corporac6n: is hereby authorized and Sergeant &t Mace, impowred by Precept under the Seale of the Corporat&n of the said Great Levell (who are hereby required to graunt and issue out the same) in the Nature of a Writt of Habere facias possessionem at the Comon Lawe to deliver Seal, m*y remove

646

19° & 2CP Car. II. a 13.

A.D. 1667 ST 1668.

Occupants not paying Taxes, and deliver Possession to the said Samuel Sandy-8 the younger and Edwin Sandys.

X.

Recital that, by the Refusal of the Corporation to convey the said Lands, Rents had accrued due.

The said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys declared entitled thereto, and the several Occupiers to pay the same, to be recovered by the said Samuel and Edwin Sandys.

XI.

Who are to pay thereout Arrears of the said gradual Acre Tax.

XII.

Proviso for Thomas Lord Culpeper.

unto and put them the said Samuell Sandys and Edwyn Sandys their Heires or Assignes in the quiet and peaceable Possession of such Shares and Lot? or any Part of them, and all and every such Occupier or Occupiers Possessor or Possessors thereof, of and from the same to eje& expell and amove They the said Samuell Sandys and Edwyn Sandys upon reasonable Notice first payeing or tendering such Taxes as shall become due for the same from the Tyme of the passing this Act one Moneth before the next Day of Sale for Non payment of such Taxes hereafter to be imposed, which said Samuell Sandys and Edwyn Sandys and their Heires are thereupon hereby actually vested in the same

And whereas the said severall Shares and Lotts of the said nynety five thousand Acres herein before vested and setled in the said Samuell Sandys the Younger and Edwyn Sandys and their Heires as aforesaid ought to

have been conveyed unto the said Samuell Sandy the Elder or his Trustees by the said Governor BaylifFes and

Conservators of the said Corporac&n by virtue of the said before men£6ed A&, as in and by the same they were required and directed which they refused to doe, whereby the Rents Issues and Profitts thereof have not been paid to, nor could bee received by the said Samuell Sandys the elder or his Trustees or by any other by to or for his or their Use Bee it therefore hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Samuell Sandys and Edwyn Sandys shall and are hereby intituled to the said Rents Issues and Profitts of the said Shares and Lot? since the passing of the said recited Act which have not really been paid to the said Corpora£5n for

Taxes or to the said Samuell Sandys the Elder and the Occupiers and Possessers thereof, are hereby appointed

to pay the same accordingly, and in default of Payment thereof or of any pte thereof they the said Samuell Sandys and Edwyn Sandys are hereby authorized and impowered to sue for and by virtue of this Act shall recover the same wherein noe Esoigne Protec£6n or Wager of Law shall be allowed, and shall' likewise have their Coats of Suite expended therein Any thing herein to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

Provided alwaies and be it enacted That after the said Edwyn and Samuell Sandys shall have recovered and received Satisfacbn for the meane Profitts or any pte of them, That then they their Heires and Assignee shall pay soe much of the [said'[] Arreares of the said graduall Acre Tax imposed upon the said respective Lands propor£6nably to what they shall receive and noe more

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That whereas severall Parcells of the said ninety five thousand Acres ought to have beene conveyed to Thomas Lord Culpeper or his Trustees by the said Govemour BaylifFes and Conservators of the said Corporac&n by vertue of the said before recited Act as in and by the same they were required and directed, which they delayed to doe, whereby the Rents, Issues, and Proffitts thereof have not beene paid to, nor could be received by the said Thomas Lord Culpeper or his Trustees, that the said Thomas Lord Culpeper and his Trustees shall and are hereby entituled to the said Rents Issues and Proffitts of the said Parcells since the passeing the said recited A&, which have not beene really paid to the Corpora£6n for Taxes or to him or them, and the Occupiers and Possessors thereof are hereby required to pay the same accordingly, and in Default of Payment thereof or any Parte therof he the said Thomas Lord Culpeper and his Trustees are hereby authorized and impowered to sue for, and by vertue of this Act shall recover the same, wherein noe Essoyne Protec&n or Wager of Law shall be allowed and shall likewise have their Costs of Suite expended herein, Any thing to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

ITEM queda Petid&nes privatas personas concernentes (in se formam A&us continentes) «rhihite fuerunt ^di&o Domino

Regi in Parliament p>di&o quarum Tituli subscribuntur.

PRIVATE ACTS

i. An Act for setting part of the Possessions of John late Earle of Clare deceased and enabling Gilbert Earle of Clare his Son and Heire to dispose of some other part thereof for payment of debts & portions

a. An Act to enable John Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successours to make Leases for three liveB of certain

Lead Mines.

3. An Act for confirmation of an Exchange of certain Lands between Horatio Lord Townsend and the Restor of East and West Reynham in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act for the naturalization of Alvaro de Costa and others.

5. An Act for setling the Lands therein mentioned upon Sir Richard Wiseman and John Plott and their heires

to enable them the better to perform a Trust.

1 interlined.

19° & 20° Car. II.

647

6. An Act for exchanging certain Mannors and Lands of William Palmes Esquire for other Lands setled upon him and his issue by Mary his Wife.

y. An Act to indempnifie the late Sheriffs of the City of London and the Warden of the Fleet touching the Escapes of Prisoners and other matters occasioned by the late Fire

8. An Act for the taxing and assessing of the Lands of the Adventurers within the Great Levell of the Fenns

9. An Act for setting of certain Mannours Lands and Tenements of Sir Thomas Leventhorp Baronett in the Counties of Essex & Hertford.

10. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Heblethwaite to sell or dispose of Land to pay debts and make provision for younger Children

11. An Act for confirmation of the Settlement of Sir Kingsmill Lucy Baronet in the said Act menc6ned & for transferring over some other parts of the Real Estate of Sir Richard Lucy Knl. & Baronet deceased from Francis Lucy Esq*.

1 a. An Act to confirm an Agreement between William Paston Esq* Lord of the Mannor of Horton & the Tennants of the said Mannor for an inclosure of part of the Wastes of the said Mannor for the pWvacbn & growth of Wood & Timber.

13. An Act for enabling of Sir William Juxon Knight and Baronet Executor of the last Will and Testament of William Juxon late Lord Arch Bishop of Canterbury to recover part of his Estate

14. An Act for the better securing of a portion of 5000.1 to & for the Lady Frances Savile an infant daughter of Thomas late Earle of Sussex deceased out of part of the Estate of James Earle of Sussex also an infant in pursuance of the Will of the said Thomas Earl of Sussex.

15. An Act on the behalfe of Dawes Wimondseld Esq* for selling certaine customary Lands held of the Mannor of Wimbleton in the County of Surry.

16. An Act to enable the Execution of a Trust for payment of the debts & providing for the younger Children of Richard Tayler Esq* deceased.

17. An Act for enabling Trustees to make Leases for payment of the debts & providing for the Children of Sir Charles Stanley.

B

( 646 )

Anno 22° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1670.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second,

And by several Prorogations Continued until the Fourteenth Day of February,

In the TWENTY-SECOND Year of the same King,

And from thence until the Twenty-second Day of April,

In the TWENTY-THIRD Year of the same King,

In the Ninth Session of the same Parliament.

i ' 1 1 ~~ — ■ _«

€x i&otulo i&arliamentt De anno ftegni ftegis CaroM txcunDi

fttcesimo secunOo.

In parliamento inchoaf et ten! apud Westmonasteriu Odavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenisstmi atqoe Excellendsami Dist nn Caroli Secundi Dei Gra Anglie Scode Francie et Hibiniae Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Decimo-terdo, et per separates Prorogationes usq> ad et in Decimu-quartu Die Februarij Anno dfi Dffii Regis Vicesimo-secundo, et abinde usq, ad et in Vicesimu-secundu Dig Aprilis, Anno dH Dfiii Regis Vicesimo terdo condnuat (videlicet in nona ejusde Parliamenti Sessione) Comuni 5iu Dnoru ta SjSualiu qua TemporaKu et Cdmunitads Consensu et Regiae Majestads Assensu, sancita inaditata, ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequenda hec Statuta ad Verbu ut sequitur videlicet

CHAPTER I.

Rot, Pari• 22 C, //•

nu. i.

Persona of the Age of 16 Years and upwards being present at any Conventicle.

Justices to record Offence, and such Record deemed a Convicton.

An Act to prevent and suppresse Seditious Conventicles.

FOR providing further and more speedy Remedies against the growing and dangerous practices of Seditious Sedaries and other disloyall Persons who under pretence of tender Consciences have or may at their Meetings contrive Insurrections (as late experience hath shewen) Bee it enabled by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same That if any person of the Age of Sixteene yeares or upwards being a Subject of this Realme at any time after the Tenth day of May next shall be present at any Assembly Conventicle or Meeteing under colour or pretence of any Exercise of Religion in other manner then according to the Liturgy and practice of the Church of England in any place within the Kingdome of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, at which Conventicle, Meeting or Assembly there shall be five persons or more assembled together over and besides those of the same Household, if it be in a House where there is a Family inhabiting, or if it be in a House, Feild or place where there is noe Family inhabiting then where any five persons or more are soe assembled as aforesaid it shall and may be lawfull to and for any one or more Justices of the Peace of the County Limitt, Division, Corporation or Liberty wherein the offence aforesaid shall bee committed or for the Cheife Magistrate of the place where such offence aforesaid shall be committed, and he and they are hereby required and enjoyned upon proofe to him or them respectively made of such offence either by Confession of the partie or Oath of two Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice and Justices of the Peace and cheife Magistrate respectively are hereby impowered and required to administer, or by notorious Evidence and Circumstance of the Fad to make a Record of every such offence under his or their Hands and Seales respectively which Record soe made as aforesaid shall to all intents and purposes be in Law taken and adjudged to be a full and perfect Conviction of every such Offender for such Offence, and thereupon the said Justice

i

22° Car. II. c. 1.

649

Justices and cheife Magistrate respectively shall impose on every such Offender soe convict as aforesaid a Fine of Penalty for First Five shillings for such first Offence which Record and Conviction shall be certified by the said Justice Justices T|^ ^ord &c to or cheife Magistrate at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County or place where the Offence was be returned to next committed,

Quarter Sessions.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if such Offender soe coiivicted as aforesaid shall at any time againe coinmitt the like Offence or Offences contrary to this Act and be thereof in manner aforesaid convicted, then such Offender soe convict of such like Offence or Offences shall for every such Offence incurr the penaltie of Ten shillings, which Fine and Fines for the first and every other Offence shall be leavyed by Distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattells* or in case of the poveftie of such Offender upon the Goods and Chattells of any other person or persons who shall be then convicted in manner aforesaid of the like Offence at the same Conventicle at the discretion of the said Justice, Justices or cheife Magistrate respectively soe as the Summe to be leavyed on any one person in case of the povertie of other Offenders amount not in the whole to abpve the summe of Ten pounds upon occasion of any one Meeting as aforesaid. And every Constable Headburrough Tything man Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore respectively are hereby authorized and required to leavy the same accordingly haveing first received a Warrant under the Hands and Seales of the said Justice, Justices or cheife Magistrate respectively soe to doe, the said Moneys soe to be leavyed to be forthwith delivered to the same Justice Justices or cheife Magistrate and by him or them to be destributed, the one third part [thereof to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors to be paid to the High Sheriffe of the County for the time being in manner following that is to say the Justice or Justices of Peace shall pay the same into the Court of the respective Quarter Sessions which said Court shall deliver the same to the Sheriffe and make a Memoriall on Record of the payment and delivery thereof, which said Memoriall shall be a sufficient and finall Discharge to the said Justice and Justices and a Charge to the Sheriffe, which said Discharge and Charge shall be certifyed into the Exchequer together and not one without the other, And noe Justice shall or may be questioned or accountable for the same in the Exchequer or elsewhere then in Quarter Sessions, and other third part thereof1] to and for the use of the Poore of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, And the other third part thereof to the Informer and Informers and to such person and persons as the said Justice, Justices or cheife Magistrate respectively shall appoint haveing reguard to their diligence and industry in the discovery, disperseing and punishing of the said Conventicles,

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every person who shall take upon him to preach or teach in any such Meeting, Assembly or Conventicle and [shall1] thereof be convicted as aforesaid shall forfeite for every such first offence the Summe of Twenty pounds to be leavyed in manner aforesaid upon his Goods and Chattells, And if the said Preacher or Teacher soe convicted be a Stranger, and his Name and Habitation not knowne, or is fled and cannot be found, or in the judgement of the Justice Justices or chafe Magistrate before whom he shall be convicted shall be thought unable to pay the same, the said Justice, Justices or cheife Magistrate respectively are hereby impowered and required to leavy the same by Warrant as aforesaid upon the Goods and Chattells of any such persons who shall be present at the same Conventicle Any thing in this or any other A&, Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. And the Money soe leavyed to be disposed of in manner aforesaid, And if such Offender soe conviCted as aforesaid shall at any time againe committ the like Offence or Offences contrary to this Act and be thereof conviCted in manner aforesaid then such Offender soe conviCted of such like Offence or Offences shall for every such Offence incurr the penalty of Forty pounds to be leavyed and disposed as aforesaid.

II.

Penalty for further Offence.

Penalties in Cases of Poverty levied on the Goods of other Offenders.

Constables, 8:c. to levy the same under Warrant, and pay it to the Justice immediately.

How Penalties

to be divided.

Charge and Discharge of the King’s Share to be certified together into the Exchequer.

1H.

Preaching, &c. in a Conventicle; Penalty,

First Offence, agio.

If Preacher fled, or not able topay. Penalty to be levied upon Goods of Persons present.

Further Offence, 4040.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every person who shall wittingly and willingly suffer iv.

any such Conventicle, Meeteing or unlawfull Assembly aforesaid to be held in his or her House, Outhouse Barne Yard or Backeside and be convicted thereof in manner aforesaid shall forfeite the summe of Twenty pounds to be their Houses, &c. leavyed in manner aforesaid upon his or her Goods and Chattells, or in case of his or her povertie or inability Pcn*ltT ^20* as aforesaid upon the Goods and Chattells of such persons who shall be convicted in manner aforesaid of being present at the same Conventicle, and the Money soe leavyed to bee disposed of in manner aforesaid.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe person shall by any Clause of this No person to pay

Act be lyable to pay above Ten pounds for any one Meeteing in regard of the poverty of any other person or than agio

___ on account of

persons. Poverty of other

Persons.

Provided alsoe and bee it further enacted That in all cases of this Act where the penalty or summe charged upon any offender exceeds the summe of Ten shillings and such offender shall finde himselfe agreived it shall and may be lawfull for him within one weeke after the said penalty or Money charged shall be paid or leavyed to appeale in writemg from the person or persons convicting to the judgement of the Justices of the Peace in thar next Quarter Sessions, to whom the Justice or Justices of Peace, cheife Magistrate or Alderman that first convicted such offender shall retume the Money leavyed upon the Appellant, and shall certifie under his and their Hands and Seales the Evidence upon which the Conviction past with the whole Record thereof and the said Appeale, whereupon such offender may pleade and make defence and have his Tryall by a Jury thereupon, And in case such Appellant shall not prosecute with effect or if upon such Tryall he shall not be acquitted or Judgement

VI.

Proviso for Appeals, and to whom, and in what Cases.

Trial by Jury.

If Appeal not prosecuted with Effect, &c. Treble Costs.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

2 interlined on the Roll.

650

VII. Appellant to enter into a Recognizance or Appeal void.

VIII. Justices of Peace, Constables, &c. may break open Doors.

Lieutenants,

Deputy

Lieutenants, and Commissioned Officers of the Militia, Sheriffs, &c. on Certificate of Justice, to prevent or disperse Conventicles*

IX.

Proviso as to searching Dwelling Houses of Peers of the Realm.

X.

Constables, and other Officers, omitting their Duty}

Penalty £$.

Justices of Peace, &c.

Penalty £100,

XL In Action for executing Ad,

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

XII.

Ad to be interpreted most beneficially for suppressing Conventicles. Proceedings not void for Form.

Justices to certify as to Offenders Inhabitants of other Counties, or having fled thereto, to Justices of such other Counties,

22° Cab. II. c. 1. A.D. 1670.

passe not for him upon his said Appeale the said Justices at the Sessions shall give treble Costs against such offender for his unjust Appeale, And noe other Court whatsoever shall intermedle with any Cause or Causes of Appeale upon this Act but they shall be finally determined in the Quarter Sessions onely.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted That upon the delivery of such Appeale as aforesaid the person [or *] persons Appellant shall enter before the person or persons convicting into a Recognizance to prosecute the said Appeale with effect. Which said Recognizance the person or persons convicting is hereby impowered to take and required to certifie the same (*) to the next Quarter Sessions And in case noe such Recognizance be entred into the said Appeale to be null and void. Provided alwayes That every such Appeale shall be left with the person or persons soe convicting as aforesaid at the time of the makeing thereof.1]

And bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That the Justice, Justices of the Peace and cheife Magistrate respectively, or the respective Constables Head-boroughs and Tythingmen by Warrant from the said Justice, Justices or cheife Magistrate respectively shall and may with what aide force and assistance they shall thinke fitt for the better execution of this Act after refusall or denyall to enter, breake open and enter into any House or other place where they shall be informed any such Conventicle as aforesaid is or shall be held as well within Liberties as without and take into their custody the persons there unlawfully assembled to the intent they may be proceeded against according to this Act, And that the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants or any Comissionated Officer of the Militia or other of his Majesties Forces with such Troopes or Companies of Horse and Foote, and alsoe the Sheriffes and other Magistrates and Ministers of Justice or any of them joyntly or severally within any the Countyes or places within this Kingdome of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede with such other Assistance as they shall thinke meete or can gett in readines with the soonest on Certificate made to them respectively under the Hand and Seale of any one Justice of the Peace or cheife Magistrate of his perticular Information or Knowledge of such unlawfull Meeting or Conventicle held or to be held in their respective Countyes or places, and that he with such assistance as he can gett together is not able to suppresse and dissolve the same shall and may and are hereby required and enjoyned to repaire unto the place where they are soe held or to be held and by the best meanes they can to dissolve, dissipate or prevent all such unlawfull Meetings, and take into their Custody such and soe many of the said persons soe unlawfully assembled as they shall thinke fitt to the intent they may be proceeded against according to this Act.

Provided alwayes That noe Dwelling house of any Peere of this Realme where he or his Wife shall be then resident shall be searched by vertue of this Act, but by immediate Warrant from his Majestie under his Signe Manuall, or in the presence of the Lieutenant or one Deputy Lieutenant or two Justices of the Peace whereof one to be of the Quorum of the same County or Rideing.

And bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That if any Constable Headborough Tythingman Church warden or Overseer of the Poore who shall know or be credibly informed of any such Meeteings or Conventicles held within his Predn&s Parish or Limitts and shall not give information thereof to some Justice of the Peace or the cheife Magistrate and endeavour the conviction of the partyes according to his duty, but such Constable, Headburrough, Tythingman, Churchwarden, Overseers of the Poore, or any person lawfully called in aide of the Constable, Headburrough or Tythingman shall wilfully and wittingly ommitt the performance of his duty in the execution of this Act and be thereof convicted in manner aforesaid he shall forfeite for every such offence the summe of Five pounds to be leavyed upon his Goods and Chattells and disposed in manner aforesaid. And that if any Justice of the Peace or cheife Magistrate shall wilfully and wittingly ommitt the performance of his duty in the execution of this Act he shall forfeite the summe of One hundred pounds the one moyety to the use of his Majestie, the other Moyetie to the use of the Informer to be recovered by Action, Suite, Bill or Plaint in any of his Majesties Courts at [ Westwininster4] wherein noe Essoyne, Protection or Wager of Law shall lye.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any person be at any time sued for putting in execution any of the powers contained in this Act otherwise then upon Appeale allowed by this Act such person shall and may pleade the generall Issue and give the speciall matter in Evidence, and if the Plaintiffs be Nonsuite or a Verdict passe for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiffs discontinue his Action, or if upon Demurrer Judgement be given for the Defendant every such Defendant shall have his full treble Costs.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That this Act and all Clauses therein contained shall be construed most largely and beneficially for the suppresseing of Conventicles and for the justification and encouragement of all persons to be employed in the execution thereof. And that noe Record, Warrant or Mittimus to be made by vertue of this Act, or any proceedings thereupon shall be reversed avoided or any way impeached by reason of any defaulte in forme, And in case any person offending against this Act shall be an Inhabitant in any other County or Corporation or fly into any other County or Corporation after the offence committed the Justice of the Peace or cheife Magistrate before whom he shall be convicted as aforesaid shall certifie the same under his Hand and Seale to any Justice of Peace or cheife Magistrate of such other County or Corporation wherein the said person or persons are Inhabitants or are fled into, which said Justice or cheife

1 and 0. * to 0.

3 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 4 Westminster O.

22° Car. II. c. 1, 2.

651

Magistrate respectively is hereby authorized and required to leavy the penalty or penal tyes in this Act mentioned upon the Goods and Chattells of such person or persons as fully as the said other Justice of Peace might have done in case he or they had beene Inhabitants in the place where the offence was committed.

Provided alsoe That noe person shall be punished for any offence against this Act unlesse such Offender be prosecuted for the same within three moneths after the Offence committed, And that noe person who shall be punished for any offence by vertue of this Act shall be punished for the same offence by vertue of any other Act or Law whatsoever.

Provided and bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every Alderman of London for the time being within the Citty of London and the Liberties thereof shall have (and they and every of them are hereby impowered and required to execute) the same power and authority within London and the Liberties thereof for the examining convicting and punishing of all offences within this Act committed within London and the liberties thereof, which any Justice of Peace hath by this Act in any County of England and shall be subject to the same penalties and punishments for not doeing that which by this Act is directed to be done by any Justice of Peace in any County of England.

Provided and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if the person offending and convicted as aforesaid be a Feme-covert cohabiting with her Husband the penalties of Five shillings and Ten shillings soe as aforesaid incurred shall be leavyed by Warrant as aforesaid upon the Goods and Chattells of the Husband of such Feme-covert

Provided alsoe That noe Peere of this Realme shall be attached or imprisoned by vertue or Force of this Act. Any thing matter or clause therein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend to invalidate or avoid his Majesties Supremacy in Ecclesiasticall Affaires, But that his Majestie and his Heires and Successors may from time to time and at all times hereafter exercise and enjoy all powers and authorities in Ecclesiasticall Affaires as fully and as amply as himselfe or any of his Predecessors have or might have done the same. Any thing in this Act notwithstanding.

CHAPTER n.

An Act for repaireing of the Haven and Peers of Great Yarmouth.

WHEREAS the Burrough of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norffolke is an auntient Burrough bordering upon the Sea and of great strength to resist the Enemy in time of Warr and at all times of great necessity and importance as well for his Majesties Service as alsoe for the general 1 good and benefitt of the whole Kingdome especially in respect of the preservation of the Fishery and the breeding and imploying many thousand of skilfull Marriners and Seamen, The truth whereof by long experience hath beene sufficiently evidenced. And whereas the Inhabitants of the said Burrough have wasted their Revenues in and about the defraying the dayly great unsupportable and unavoidable charge of repaireing and maintaining the Haven belonging to the said Burrough and the Peers thereof, and of themselves are in noe wise able to repaire and maintaine the same as formerly they have done, being much [ impourished1 ] by the late Warr and Plague & by the great decay of all Tradeing especially the Fishery, soe that the great benefitt accrewing by the said Haven must of necessity be lost (unlesse timely prevented) to the utter ruine of the Inhabitants of the said Burrough and the great prejudice of the whole Kingdome. For the prevention whereof and to the end the said Haven and Peers may with all convenient speede be repaired and at all times hereafter maintained preserved and kept in good reparations and Timber and other Materialls for that end and purpose provided and furnished from time to time as occasion shall require Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That for ten yeares from and after the Fower and twentyeth day of June now next ensueing there shall be paid by the Master or other person haveing the Rule and Command of any Shipp or Vessell unladeing within the said Haven of Great Yarmouth at the time of the unladeing thereof for the Goods hereafter mentioned (that is to say) for every Chaulder of Coales (Winchester Measure) Last of Wheate, Rye, Barley, Mault or other Graine and for every Weigh of Salt, and every Tunn of any other Goods and Merchandices whatsoever, Codfish, Ling, Herings and other Fish onely excepted which shall bee imported and unladen in the said Haven such summe or summes of money not exceeding the summe of Twelve pence for every Chaulder of Coales (Winchester Measure) Last of Wheate, Rye, Barley, Mault or other Graine, and for every Weigh of Salt and every Tunn of any other Goods and Merchandices whatsoever (except before excepted) as the Bayliffes Aldermen Burgesses and Comonalty of the said Burrough of Great Yarmouth in Common Councell assembled shall from time to time order or appoint.

1 impoverished 0.

who are to levy the Penalty.

XIII. Limitation of Prosecution.

No Double Punishment.

XIV. Aldermen within London to have the same Power there, and subject to the same Penalties, as Justice of Peace elsewhere.

XV. Penalty on Feme Covert to be levied on Husband.

XVI. Proviso respecting Imprisonment, &c. of Peers.

XVII. Proviso for the King's Supremacy in Ecclesiastical Affaires.

Rot. Parii 22 C. II. mu. 1.

Recital that Yarmouth is an ancient Borough, and of great Importance, and that the Revenues have been wasted in maintaining the Harbour, and that the Inhabitants are unable to maintain the same.

Reasons for passing this Act.

A Rate imposed upon Coals,

Wheat, Rye, 6cc. (Exception) for Ten Years, towards the Repair of Yarmouth Haven and Pier.

652

22° Car. II. c. 2.

A.D. 1670.

II.

Corporation may appoint CoDe&ort of the said Rate;

who are to pay Monies collected to the Chamberlain.

HI.

Eight Commissioners to have Inspection of the Receipts and Disbursements of all such Moneys.

When and by whom to be appointed.

Power of the said Commissioners.

Bailiffs to administer Oath to Collectors and Receivers.

IV. Allowance to Collectors, Receivers, kc.

V.

Collectors, kc. may at seasonable Times enter Ships)

VI.

and for Nonpayment of the Rate, distrain upon the said Ships, kc.

VII.

On Delay of Payment Distress to be sold.

Proceedings

thereon.

VIII. Certain Goods exempted from Payment of the said Duty.

And to the intent that the summes of Money to be paid as aforesaid may be dueiy collected and leavyed for the use and purpose aforesaid Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfoll to and for the said Bayliffes, Aldermen, Burgesses and Commonalde of the said Burrough in Common Councell assembled from dme to time and all times hereafter for and dureing the said terme of ten yeares to nominate and choose such person or persons to be Collector or Collectors Receiver or Receivers of every such summe and summes of money as shall be ordered or appointed to be paid as aforesaid as they shall thinke fitt, All which summes of money the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers shall from time to dme pay or cause to be paid into the hands of the Chamberlaines of the said Burrough for the dme being for the use of the said Bayliffes, Aldermen, Burgesses and Commonalde for the intent and purpose aforesaid and to none other intent or purpose whatsoever.

And to the intent that all and every the summe and summes of money which shall be collected and leavyed by vertue of this A d may be imployed for and towards the repaireing the said Haven and Peers Bee it enacted by the authoride aforesaid That there shall be eight Commissioners from dme to dme nominated and appointed to have the Inspection and to take accompt of the Receipts and disbursements of all such moneys as shall be soe collected and leavyed dureing the terme aforesaid. Two of which said Commissioners shalbe yearely and every yeare from dme to dme nominated and appointed by the said Bayliffes, Aldermen, Burgesses and Commonalde of the said Burrough in Common Councell assembled, and other two of the said eight Commissioners to be in like manner nominated and appointed by the Maior, Aldermen and Comons of the Citty of Norwich in Common Councell assembled and other two of them to be in like manner nominated and appointed by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norffolke, and other two of them to be in like manner nominated and appointed by the Justices of the Peace for the County of Suffolke at the respective Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Countyes of Norffolke and Suffolke respectively, Which said C5missioners or any five or more of them shall

and may from time to time dureing the said terme call before them the Collectors, Receivers or others who shall

be intrusted with the Collection Receit or Employment of the moneyes to be collected and received in pursuance of this Act, who shall and are by vertue of this Act required to render unto the said ComisSers or any five or more of them a true Account thereof, and of all and every Summe and Summes of money which shall rest due upon

such Account, And the said ComisSers or any five or more of them shall and may order and appoint all such

moneys which shall rest due upon such Account to be laid out and expended for and towards the uses and purposes aforesaid as there shall be cause, and the Bayliffes of the said Burrough for the time being or one of them are hereby enabled and required to administer an Oath to every such Collector or Collectors Receiver or Receivers as shall be nominated and chosen as aforesaid for the true and faithfuil executeing his or their Office in and about

the Premisses according to the true intent and meaneing of this present Act.

Provided That the said Collector and Collectors Receiver and Receivers to be nominated and chosen as aforesaid and every of them shall from time to time be allowed for their paines in executeing the said Office out of the Summes of money by them received soe much as the said Bayliffes, Aldermen, Burgesses and Commonalty in Common Councell assembled shall thinke fitt, not exceeding Two pence in the pound.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfoll to and for the said

Collector and Collectors Receiver and Receivers for the time being and every or any of them from time to time

and at all convenient and seasonable times to enter into any Shipp or Vessell being within the said Haven there to

see and informe themselves what Goods shall be in the same or unladen out thereof,

And in case the said Summe or Summes of money soe ordered or appointed to be paid as aforesaid shall not be paid by the Master or other person haveing the rule and command of any Shipp or Vessell unladeing within

the said Haven as aforesaid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act That then and soe often it shall

and may be lawfoll to and for the said Collector and Collectors Receiver and Receivers and every or any of them by Warrant obtained from the Bayliffes of the said Burrough of Great Yarmouth for the time being or one of them under their or one of their Hands and Seales to take and destraine every such Shipp or Vessell and all Tackle, Apparell and Furniture thereunto belonging or any part thereof and the same to detayne and keepe untill he or they be satisfyed and paid the said summes of money and every of them,

And in case of negcled or delay of or in the payment of the said sume or summes of money or any of them within ten dayes after any Distresse or Distresses soe taken as aforesaid That then it shall and may be lawfoll to and for the said Collector and Collectors Receiver and Receivers and every or any of them to sell the said Distresse or Distresses soe taken and therewith to satisfie him or themselves aswell for and concerning the Duty soe negcleded or delayed to be paid, and for which a Distresse shall be soe taken as aforesaid, as alsoe for his and their reasonable charge in the takeing or keepeing of such Distresse rendring to the Master or other person haveing the rule and command of the Shipp or Vessell, in or from which such Distresse shall be soe taken the Overplus if any there shall be.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That such Oyles and Fish-livers as shall be obtained in or upon any Fishing Voyage or Voyages and such remainder of Salt, Breede, Beere and other Provision as shall be taken into any Shipp or Vessell for the accompli..ing any Fishing-Voyage or Voyages, or into any Shipp

j

22° Car. II. c.2,3

653

or Vessell for the maintenance of the Master and Marriners serveing therein upon any other Voyage or Voyages to be made with such Shipp or Vessell and not spent therein shall be exempted from the payment of the said Duty Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And to the end the Haven and Peere aforesaid may be repaired and maintained with as much thrift and good husbandry as may consist with the effectuall and substantiall performance thereof, and that all partyes who are by this A & made contributory to the same may be satisfyed therein; Bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That at the next Quarter Sessions which shall be after the first day of May next holden at the Castle of Norwich there shall be three persons chosen by the Jusdces of the Peace at Jthe said Quarter Sessions for the County of NorfFolke, and the like number shall bee chosen at the aforesaid Quarter Sessions to be holden at Beckles for the County of Suffolke, as alsoe, two persons shall be chosen by the Citty of Norwich and two by the Towne of Great Yarmouth aforesaid in such manner as is in this Act before directed who are hereby authorized and required to meete at Great Yarmouth on or before the Twenty nineth day of September next, and to adjourne to such further rime or times place or places as occasion shall require, which ten persons chosen as aforesaid or any five or more of them meeting as aforesaid upon consideration and examination upon Oath (which Oath they or any five of them have hereby power to administer) to be had of the present state of the Haven and Peere aforesaid and of the repaire necessary to the same are hereby authorized and impowered to treate and contra& with any person or persons (whom they shall thinke fitly qualifyed for the undertakeing the Repaire aforesaid and capable sufficiently to secure the performance thereof) concerning the present Repaire of the said Haven and Peere and maintaining the same in good repaire for the space of seaven yeares and to be obliged at the determination thereof to leave the same in good and sufficient repaire in such manner and under such Covenants and Conditions as they shall thinke fitt, And if the said [ten1] persons aforesaid or any five or more of them shall finde it convenient to make any such Contract as aforesaid before the Five and twentyeth day of December next ensueing then the Imposition authorized by this Act to be leavyed as aforesaid upon Goods unladen in the Port of Great Yarmouth shall be continued noe longer then rill the summe necessary for performance of such Contract together with the necessary Charges for leavying the same to be accounted and allowed as aforesaid shall be raised and paid, but if the said ten persons or any five or more of them as aforesaid thereunto appointed by this Act shall not make and conclude a Contract for the repaireing and maintaining the said Haven and Peere as is hereby directed before the Five and twentyeth day of December next ensueing then the same shall be repaired by the direction and care of the Bayliflfes, Aldermen, Burgesses and Commonalrie of the said Towne of Great Yarmouth in Common Councell assembled for the time being, and the money raised and leavyed by vertue of this Act shall be accounted for as in the former part of this Act is directed and as if noe mention had beene made of any Bargaine or Contract to be made for the performance thereof.

Provided That if by the Annuall Imposition hereby imposed the Peere shall be repaired within lesser then ten yeares that then the said Imposition shall cease when the summe soe imployed in repaire of the Peere shall have beene raised thereby.

IX.

Ten Persons to be chosen at Times herein mentioned, to contract with Workmen for the Repair of the Haven.

If Five or more of them do not contract before 25th Dec. next. Repairs to be ordered by Corporation.

X.

Continuance of Ad.

CHAPTER ffl.

An Act for granting unto his Majestie an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported betweene the Fower Rot.ParLitC.il. and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy and the Fower and twentyeth day of June One "■•J* thousand six hundred seaventy eight.

WEE your Majestyes most dutyfiill and loyall Subjects the Commons assembled in Parlyament for a supply of your Majesty es weighty and important occasions and with an humble and thankfull acknowledgement of your Majesty es favourable and tender reguard of us your Commons have chearfully and unanimously given and granted unto your Majestie an Aid and Assistance to be raised and leavyed upon all Wines and Vinegar to be imported into this your Majesty es Kingdome according to such Rates, and dureing such rime, and in such manner and forme as herein after followeth: And wee doe humbly beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted, and bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoririe of the same That for all French Wines, Spanish Wines or other Wines whatsoever, as alsoe for all Vineger which at any time after the Fower and twentyeth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seaventy, and before the Fower and twentyeth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy eight shall be imported into England or Wales or the Towne and Port of Berwicke upon Tweede there shall be duely answered and paid to his Majestie the further Rates and Dutyes hereafter mentioned (that is to say) For every Tunn of French Wine and of Vineger which shall be imported within the time aforesaid the summe of eight pounds by the Tunn and soe after that Rate for any greater or lesser quantity; And alsoe for every Tunn of Spanish Wines, or of any other Wines, which shall be imported within the time aforesaid the summe of Twelve pounds by the Tunn, and soe after that Rate for any greater or lesser quantity.

An Impoarion upon French Wine, Spanish Wine, and all other Wines and Vinegar, from the 24th June 1670 to the 24th June 1678.

22° Car. II. c. 3.

A.D. 1670.

II.

Importers before landing to pay the Duty, or grite Security, at Discretion of Commissioners, &c.

Times of Payment on Security.

Importers for private Use, on Entry, and before landing, to pay Duty down without Discount.

III. Abatement to Merchant upon paying ready Money.

And for the better and more sure collecting and receiveing of all and singular the Dutyes hereby imposed Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons within the time aforesaid shall import or cause to be imported by way of Merchandize any of the Liquors aforesaid, such Importer shall upon the Entry made of such Liquors and before the landing thereof pay downe the Dutyes hereby imposed in ready money, deduGtmg the Allowances hereafter mentioned, or otherwise become bound unto his Majesrie with two or more sufficient Suretyes, or procure three other persons to become bound to his Majestie to answere and pay unto his Majestie the whole Rates and Dutyes hereby imposed by three severall and equall payments; The first payment thereof to be made within three moneths after the Date of the said Obligation; The second payment CD

be made within six moneths after the Date of the said Obligation; And the third and last payment to be made

within nine moneths after the Date of the said Obligation; the takeing which Bonds and the Approbation of the Suretyes therein to be named is hereby left to the discretion of such Farmers or other Commissioners for the Hmg being as shall be intrusted with the receipt and management of his Majesty es Customes and Subsidyes of Tonnage and Poundage or their Deputy Collectors in the severall Ports, or such other person or persons as his Majesrie shall authorize and appoint to collect the Dutyes ariseing by this Act; And if any person or persons shall import any of the Liquors aforesaid within the time aforesaid not by way of Merchandice nor with intent to sell the same againe, but for his owne private use or occasions, such person soe importing the same shall upon Entry thereof made immediately and before landing thereof pay downe the whole Dutyes by this Act imposed in ready money without any further time given, or any Security to be accepted for the same, or any Abatement or Discount to be therefore made upon any pretence whatsoever.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared and enacted That all and every person and persons importing any of the Liquors aforesaid within the time aforesaid by way of Merchandise who shall pay the Dutyes which by this Act are due and payable in ready moneyes shall be allowed and abated out of the said Dutyes after the rate of

Ten pounds per Cent for a yeare in consideration of such ready money soe paid downe and advanced.

IV.

Landing Goods without paying or giving Security for Duty

Penalty;

But such

Persons importing or landing still liable to Duty.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any of the said Liquors shall be imported within the time aforesaid and landed without present payment made of the Rates and Dutyes by this Act imposed in cases where this Act requires present payment to be made, or without Security given for payment thereof in cases where this Act admitts of Security to be taken That then and in every such case all and every the Liquors soe imported and landed, or the value thereof shall be forfeited ; One moity thereof to his Majestie and the other moyty to him or them that shall or will sue for the same, And shall and may be recovered in any Court of Record by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein noe Essoyne, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more then one Imparlance. And yet neverthelesse the person soe importing and landing any of the said Liquors shall notwithstanding such Forfeiture soe as aforesaid incurred remaine and continue lyeable unto, and shall answere and pay unto his Majestie the Rates and Dutyes for such Liquors which by this Act are due and payable.

V.

Recital of 12 Car.II. c.4. Duty only upon rieat Liquors.

And whereas by the Act for Tonnage and Poundage and the Instructions and Rules for collecting his Majestyes Dutyes ariseing thereby it is directed that certaine Allowances be made upon Importation of Wines and other Liquors; Bee it further enacted That noe Importer thereof shall be chargeable by vertue of this Act to pay the Duty hereby required for any greater proportion of Wines, or other Liquors duely entred at the Custome House then what shall remaine neat after all such Allowances and Abatements.

VI.

Abatements to . Importers not Vintners or Retailers for Accidents, &c. upon Oath.

VII. Proviso for Prizage Wine.

VIII.

No Exporter to receive back Duties paid or secured, or to have his Security lessened or discharged.

And whereas this present Act gives noe Abatement to any person upon Exportation of any the Liquors aforesaid Bee it further enacted and declared That all Importers not being Vintners or Retailers (who are hereby declared shall pay ready money for the whole Duty) who shall import any of the aforesaid Liquors within the time aforesaid, and shall make Oath that the same are imported by way of Merchandise and with intent to sell againe (which Oath the Farmers or Commissioners of his Majestyes Customes for the time being, or in their absence the Collector of his Majestyes Customes in each severall respective Port, or such other person or persons as his Majestie shall authorize and appoint to collect the Dutyes ariseing by this Act have hereby power to administer) That then and in every such case for and in consideration of any defect or dammage that may happen by any of the aforesaid Liquors lyeing longer on the [said1] Importers hands then heretofore, or by reason of any other Accident there shall be allowed and abated to every such Importer the further allowance of Eight pounds per Cent and noe more.

Provided That noe Merchant shall be charged with any Duty imposed by this Act for the Prizage Wine

which he imports in any Shipp or Vessell, nor shall any Security be by him given for the same, but that it be

received and taken from the person who hath or enjoyeth the benefitt of the said Prizage Wine, who is hereby appointed to pay the same.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared and enacted That if any of the said imported Liquors for which any of the Rates and Dutyes [by this Act imposed1] shall be paid downe and advanced or otherwise secured as aforesaid shall at any time after such Importation be againe exported into parts beyond the Seas That then and in every such case the person or persons soe exporting the same shall be wholly barred and excluded from

haveing or receiveing backe the Dutyes of this Act soe paid downe and advanced or any part thereof, Nor shall

1 interlined on the Roll.

22° Cab. II. c. 3

655

the Securide formerly given by such person exporting for the true payment of the Dutyes by this Act imposed be any wayes eased, lessened or discharged by reason of such Exportation, but the same Securityes shall remaine and continue in full force untill the Duty thereby secured be fully and wholly sadsfyed and paid, Any such Exportation to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the better prevention of all such Frauds which at any time hereafter may be committed to the prejudice of his Majestie in the due collecting and receiveing of the Dutyes hereby imposed upon such Liquors to be imported as aforesaid Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Officers of his Majestyes Customes or such other person or persons as his Majestie shall authorize and appoint to collect the Dutyes ariseing by this Act shall have like Power and Authoritie to enter on board Shipps and Vessells and make Searches and to doe all other matters and things which may tend to secure the true payment of the Dutyes by this Act imposed and the due and orderly Collection thereof, which any Customers Collectors or other Officers of any his Majestyes Ports can or may doe touching or concerning [the collecting or secureing *] his Majestyes Customes [[and Subsadies1] of Tonnage and Poundage and all the said Liquors to be imported within the time aforesaid and landed without doeing and performing what by this Act is required to be done and performed before the Landing thereof, And all Officers of his Majestyes Customes and all persons importing any of the said Liquors and all others

imployed by his Majestie in the Collection of the Dutyes ariseing by this Act, who shall be found guilty of any

ad or negcled tending to defraude his Majestie of any the Dutyes hereby imposed shall be subject and lyeable to the same Seizures, Penaltyes and Forfeitures which by vertue of any former Act can or may be inflicted in such cases, where his Majestie is defrauded or endeavoured to be defrauded of any his Customes or Subsidyes, as fully and amply as if the same Clauses of Seizures, Penal tyes and Forfeitures and the same distribution of such Forfeitures and the same remedy for recovery thereof had beene againe in this Act perticularly repeated, applyed and enacted, And if any liquors seised for any offence committed against this Act shall be claimed by any person as the Importer thereof, the proofe whether the dutyes thereof be duely paid or secured shall lye upon such claimer

and shall not be incumbent on His Majestie or any Prosecutor or Informer on behalfe of His Majestie and

himselfe.

And it is hereby further declared and enacted That untill the whole moneyes intended to be raised by an Act entituled An Act for raiseing Three hundred and ten thousand pounds by an imposition upon Wines and other Liquors, be fully raised and satisfyed all Entryes Obligations and Securityes made or entred into by any retayler before the sower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred and seaventy, [for payment of any of the dutyes by the said Act imposed shall remaine and continue in full force although the liquors the dutyes whereof are soe secured shall be uttered by retaile after the said sower and twentyeth day of June 1670‘] And alsoe that His Majestie and all others claimeing by from and under His Majestie shall have the same power and authority for lea vying all arrearages of the rates, dutyes, fynes or forfeitures which already are or hereafter shall grow due by vertue of the said [former *] Ad as fully and amply as he or they might have had if this present Act had never beene had nor made;

IX.

Power to Officer* of Customs to search on board Ships, &c.

Defrauding His Majesty of the said Duties j

Penalty.

Onus probandi as to Duty paid or secured on Claimant.

X.

Until the Duties under 19 & so Car. II. c.6.

(so Car. II. c. 1.) be raised, Securities by Retailers before 24th June 1670 to remain.

Proviso for the King, and all claiming under him, levying Arrears of Duties, &c. under the said Act.

And whereas severall persons have advanced great Summes of money for His Majestyes Service [after*] the rate of six pounds per cent upon the security of the former Act and in order to the satisfaction of their debts are registred in course m His Majestyes Coqrt of Exchequer as by the said Act was required To the end therefore that all and every the rates and impositions by the said former Act made due and payable may be fully answered dureing such time as the said Act is to continue in force, and the said Security made effectuall by a discovery of such Wines and other liquors aforesaid chargeable by the said Act which have beene or before the sower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred and seaventy shall be delivered out to any retailer without due payment made, or security given for the dutyes by the said Act imposed. Bee it further enacted That the authority given to the present Commissioners for execution of the said former Act shall continue in force untill the first day of October next ensueing, and shall be transferred to and putt in execution by such other persons as the Kings Majestie shall for that purpose appoint, and such other persons soe to be appointed shall have power to informe themselves by the entry es at the Custome house or otherwise what quantityes of Wines have beene imported since the first day of October last past, and what quantity of other liquors have beene imported since the first day of February One thousand six hundred sixty and nine, and to examine each Importer upon oath to what retailer the same were sold or delivered; and all Importers refuseing to be soe examined shall be and are hereby charged with the payfhent of soe much money as the said Wines or other liquors entred by such Importer at the Custome house would have amounted to, in case the same had beene sold to any retailer; and the oath of every [such1 ] Importer shall be and is hereby declared a sufficient conviction of every retailer touching the quantities of Wines or other Liquors to him sold or delivered to retaile, and all and every retailer shall be, and is hereby charged with soe much money as the dutyes of such liquors soe swome to be delivered doe amount unto by the said former Act, and His Majestie shall and may cause the same to be leavyed accordingly.

And forasmuch as great quantities of Wine have beene imported since the first day of October One thousand six hundred sixty and eight by persons being retailers of Wine which Wines or a great part thereof have not paid the duty as by the said Act ought to have beene done Bee it therefore enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That

XI.

Recital that Persons had advanced Monies on the said former Act.

The Authority of the Commissioners under this Act for Execution of 19St20Car.Il. c.6. (20 Car. II. c. t.) transferred to such other Persons as the King shall appoint who may examine, Sec. Importers refusing to be examined how to be charged. Oath of Importer to be a Conviction of Retailer as to Quantity sold to him, and Retailer charged accordingly.

XII.

Recital that great Quantities ofWines

imported by Retailers since 1st Od. 1668 have not paid the Duty.

22° Car. II. c. 3, 4.

A.D. 1670.

Retailer to par such Duty; and Customhouse

Book, and his Entry a Charge as to so much as he shall not discharge himself of by Oath.

Proviso as to travelling to take the Oath.

XIII. Liquors not having paid Duty in the Stores of Merchants or Retailers on the 34th June (670, charged.

all and every such retailer shall pay the duty for all such wine as was by him soe imported, and the Custome

house booke and his entry thereof shall be a charge upon such retailer, and the said retailer shall pay for all

such Wines soe entred as he shall not discharge himselfe [of1] either by his owne corporall oath or by the oath of two other credible witnesses that he hath already paid the said duty or secured the same, or hath sold such Wine to some other retailer. Provided that noe person be compellable to travell out of the [Country*] where he dweleth to take the said oath.

And bee it further enacted that all liquors aforesaid which upon the sower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred and seaventy shall remaine in the Cellars or Storehouses of any Merchant Importer Wine-Cooper or other tradeing person or retailer (unlesse the said retailer hath paid or secured the duty) shall be

lyeable unto and charged with the duty imposed by this Act and shall pay or secure to His Majesde the duty

[duel] for the same haveing allowance of the same abatements and defalcations to all intents and purposes as if the said Wine had beene imported within the time limited by this present Act.

XIV. Persons appointed by the King to search for and take an Account of such Liquors.

Unduly removing such Liquors; Penalty.

How Monies received by virtue of this Clause to be applied.

And to the end there may be an accompt taken of all such Wines soe remaining Bee it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for His Majesde to appoint one or more persons to search for the same and take an accompt thereof; and if any Importer or other person aforesaid shall sell, remove or otherwise dispose any such Wines before the securide given or money paid as in this Act is directed in case of importation all such 'Wines soe sould removed or disposed or the value thereof shall be forfeited and lost together with the value of the duty which ought to have beene paid His Majesde for the same, one halfe to His Majesde and the other halfe to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record to be recovered by Action of debt, bill, plaint or information. And all moneyes to be received or recovered by vertue of this Clause shall in the first place be applyed for and towards the satisfaction of such creditors as have advanced money upon the credit of the said former Act in such order and course as they now stand registred in His Majestyes Court of Exchequer.

Rot. Parl. 33 C. II. nu. 4.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for setleing the Imposition on Brandy.

Recital of 13 Car. II. c.33. 13 Car. II. c. 34.

Brandy a Strong Water chargeable by the said Two Acts.

II.

Eight-pence per Gallon not demanded before 1st Nov. 1666

no Person having imported before that time chargeable for more than Four-pence.

hi.

Penalties bow and when to be levied.

Juries free from Attaint for Verdicts heretofore given.

M THE RE AS by two Acts made in the twelfth Yeare of his Majesties Raigne and confirmed by this present v V Parlyament there was laid upon every Gallon of Spirits made of any Kinde of Wine or Sider imported the Rate and Duty of sower Pence namely by each of the said Acts two Pence, And upon every Gallon of Strong water perfectly made imported from beyond the Seas the Rate and Duty of eight Pence, and whereas some Doubts have beene made and raised concerning a certaine Liquor imported from beyond the Seas called Brandy, whether the same should pay the Rate and Duty laid by the said Acts upon Spirits made of any Kinde of Wine or Syder imported, or the Rate and Duty thereby laid upon Strong water perfectly made imported from beyond Seas, Bee it therefore declared by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That the said Liquor called Brandy was at the time of makeing and confirming the said Acts, and is a Strong Water perfectly made, and being imported from beyond the Seas was and is charged and changeable in and by the said Acts with the Rate and Duty of eight Pence per Gallon sett and imposed in and by both the said Acts upon Strong Water perfectly made imported from beyond the Seas, and was not nor is not chargeable with the Rate and Duty of sower Pence onely per Gallon by the said Acts sett and imposed upon Spirits made of Wine or Syder imported.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enacted That in reguard it doth not appeare that the Rate or Duty of eight Pence per Gallon was by his Majesties Commissioners Farmers or other Officers in that Behalfe claimed or demanded by vertue of the said Acts before the first Day of November in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and six That noe Person or Persons who have imported any Brandyes before that Time shall be charged or chargeable with any more then the Rate and Duty of sower Pence per Gallon for any of the said Liquor called Brandy imported from beyond the Seas before the (*) first Day of November in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and six. Any Thing in the said Acts or in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted That noe Penalty inflicted by the Two aforesaid or any ocher Act or Acts of Parlyament for Non payment of the said Dutyes since the first Day of November one thousand six hundred sixty and six shall be leavyed upon any Person now in arreare untill the said Person soe in arreare shall upon Demand to be made after the passing of this Act refuse to pay the said Dutyes, or to secure the same to be paid within three Moneths after such Demand, and upon such Payment or Security given all former Bonds or Obligations given for the Payment of the Fower pences formerly in Controversy shall be delivered up by the several! Person or Persons in whose Custodie the same or any of them are, and that noe Jury shall be subject to any Attaint by reason of any Verdict heretofore by them given concerning any Matter relating to this or any of the aforesaid Acts.4]

A.D. 1670,

22° Car. II. c. 5, 6

657

a

CHAPTER V.

An Act for takeing away the Benefitt of Clergy from such as steale Cloth from the Racke and from such as shall steale or imbezill his Majestyes Ammunition [and Stores.1]

WHEREAS many evill disposed Persons have of late more frequently then in former Times used and practised Tv the cutting of Cloth and other Woollen Manufactures in the Night time off from the Rackes or Tenters where the said Cloth is putt for the drying thereof, and felloniously steale and carry away the same to the utter undoeing and impoverishing of many Clothiers and the great Hindrance of the Trade of Clothing. And whereas by an Act made in the one and thirtyeth Yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth it is among other Things enacted That if any Person haveing the Charge or Custodie of any Armour, Ordnance, Munition, Shott, Powder or Habiliments of Warr of the said Queenes her Heires or Successors, or of any Vidlualls provided for the vi&ualing of any Soldiers, Gunners, Marriners or Pioneers shall for any Lucre or Gaine or willingly, advisedly and of purpose to hinder or impeach her Majesties Service imbezill, purloyne or convey away any the same Armour, Ordnance, Munition, Shott or Powder, Habiliments of Warr or Victualls to the Value of twenty Shillings at one or severall Times That then every such Offence shall be judged Felony, and the Offender therm to be proceeded on and suffer as in Case of Fellony, unto the committing of which severall Offences many Persons are the more emboldened in respect that in those Cases the Benefit of Clergy is allowed by Law. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and the Authorise thereof That noe Person or Persons who shall from and after the five and twentyeth Day of May in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seaventy be indicted for fellonious cutting and takeing stealeing and carrying away of any Cloth or other Woollen Manufactures from the Racke or Tenter in the Night time, or for any Offence committed against the said recited Act made in the said one and thirtyeth Yeare of Queene Elizabeth, or shall felloniously steale or imbezill any of his [Majestyes1] Sailes, Cordage, or any other his Majestyes Navall Stores to the Value of twenty Shillings and thereupon found guilty by VerdiCt of twelve Men. or shall confesse the same upon his or their Arraignement; or will not answere direCHy to the same according to the Lawes of this Realme, or shall stand wilfully, or of Mallice and obstinately mute, or challenge peremptorily above the Number of twenty, or shall be upon such Indictment outlawed shall from and after the said five and twentyeth Day of May be admitted to have the Benefitt of his or their Clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof and shall suffer Death in such Manner and Forme as they should if they were noe Clerks.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for the Judges or Justices of the Court before whome such Offender shall be arraigned and condemned at their Discretion to grant a Reprieve for the Staying of Execution of such Offender and to cause such Offender to be transported to any of his Majestyes Plantations beyond the Seas there to remaine for the Space of seaven Yeares to be accompted from the Time of such Transportation and dureing all that Time there to be kepte to labour, And if such Offender shall refuse to be soe transported, or after such Transportation shall retume, or come againe into this Kingdome of England or the Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede within the time aforesaid That then and in every such Case the Person soe returning shall be putt to Execution upon the Judgement soe given and pronounced against him.

Rot. Parl. 22 C. II.

Recital of j i Eliz. c.4. § 1,

Penoot stealing Cloth from the Rack in the Nighttime offending against 31 Eliz. c.4. or embezling His Majesty's Stores to the Value of 2 os. excluded from the Benefit of Clergy.

II.

Judges may transport Offenders.

Refusing to be transported, or afterwards unduly returning. Punishment.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for advanceing the Sale of Fee-Farme Rents and other Rents.

WHEREAS his Majestie is seised of severall Fee Farme Rents and other Rents in Right of his Crowne; some whereof are Parcell of his Highnesse Dutchy of Cornwall, and is alsoe seised of severall Fee Farme Rents and other Rents in Right of his [Highnesse1] Dutchy of Lancaster. And whereas it is convenient that some spedall Priviledges and Advantages should be granted unto the Purchasers, which cannot well bee transferred unto them without Authority of Parlyament. And whereas the better to enable his Majestie to pay such Debts oweing at Interest, whereof his Majestie shall finde Reason to hasten the Discharge, his Majestie is minded to grant and convey to certaine Persons and their Heires and Assignes for ever as Trustees for Sale thereof diverse Fee-Farme Rents, Rents Service, Rents Seeke, or Dry Rents, Chauntry Rents, Rents reserved, Guild Rents, Pensions, Vicontiel Rents, Assart-Rents, Rents for Purprestures arented, Rents certaine or diverse other Rents of what Nature or Kinde soe ever they be due and payable to his Majestie his Heires and Successors as his Majestie shall thinke fitt to mention and eRpresse in the said Letters Patents, whether the same be due to his Majestie in Right of his Crowne of England, or in Right of his Dutchy of Lancaster, or be Parcell of, or annexed unto the Dutchy of Cornwall, except & alwayes reserved and foreprized out of such Letters Patents all Quitt Rents and Copyhold Rents standing in Charge as Parcell of, or belonging to any Mannour or reputed Mannour, and alsoe all Tenthes and First-Fruites and Rents reserved nomine Decime due and payable by any Archbishop, Bishop, Deane, Deane and Chapter,

R0t.Parl.22C.II.

mo. 6.

Recital that Advantages should be granted to Purchasers of Fee Farm Rents, &c.

Grant of Fee-farm Rents, Rent Service, Chantry Rents, kc. to Trustees for Sale;

except Quit Rents, Copyhold Rents, Tenths, First Fruits, &c.

22° Car. II. e. 6.

ADA&JO.

and except Rents incident to Reversions in the Crown, &c.

Letters Patents granted by the King of certain Rent# before the 24th June 1672, (Exception) confirmed.

The said Letters Patent to be expounded most beneficially for the Patentees.

Proviso for Misnamings, Misrecitals, &c.

and for any other Defect.

II.

Patentees and Trustees may sell the same Rents to any Purchaser by Indenture of Bargain and Sale enrolled.

Such Rents bow to be described and conveyed in Deeds.

III. Purchasers by virtue of such Deed peaceably to enjoy against all Claims as herein mentioned;

IV.

And to sue for and recover the same as His Majesty might have done.

Archdeacon, Prebendary, Parson, Vicar, or any other Spiritual! or Ecclesiasticall Corporation. And alaoe all Rents Teserved upon any Leases or Estates whereof the Reversion is now in his Majestie, and which are incident to such Reversion, and alsoe all Rents reserved upon any Lease or Farme made or granted, or to be made or granted of his Majestyes Customes or Excise. And alsoe except all Rents or Summes of Money due and payable to his Majestie his Heires and Successors for or in respect of any Fire-Hearthes or Stoves. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie with the Advice and Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoritie of the same That all and every Letters Patents to be granted by his Majestie before the sower and twentyeth Day of June in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seaventy two under his Great Seale, or under the Seale of his Dutchy of Lancaster, or under the Seale of the County Palatine of Lancaster of all or any of the Rents aforesaid (except before excepted) shall be and are hereby declared and enacted to be good, sufficient and effectuall in the Law for the granting and assureing the severall Rents aforesaid or any of them (except before excepted) and for vesting the same in such Persons and their Heires as shall be therein nominated as Trustees for the Sale thereof against his Majestie his Heires and Successors, and against the Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being, and against all Person and Persons that shall have or inherite or enjoy the Dukedome of Cornwall by Force of any AS of Parlyament or other Limitation whatsoever according to the Tenour and Effect of the said Letters Patents, and the same shall be expounded, construed, deemed and adjudged most beneficially for the Patentees and Grantees of the same: and their Heires, Successors, Executors Administrators and Assignes according [to1]] the Words and Purporte of the said Letters Patents without any Confirmation, Licence or Toleration of his Majestie his Heires or Successors, any misnameing misredtall or non recitall of any the Honours, Mannours, Castles, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments subject and lyeable to, or charged with the Payment of such Rents, or any Mis-redtall or Non-recitall of any Estate taile formerly made, or of the Reversion thereupon expedant, or any misnameing or not true nameing of the Townes, Hamblets, Parishes or Countyes where the same Honours, Mannours, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments charged or chargeable with the said Rents doe lye, or any lacke of the true nameing of the Corporation, or any lacke of Attornment, or any misnameing or not nameing of any of the Tenants or Farmers of the Lands charged or chargeable with such Rents or any Part thereof to the contrary notwithstanding. And notwithstanding any other Defied or Imperfedion which shall happen therein of what Nature or Kinde soever it shall be. And the Rents soe to be granted shall be afterwards conveyed and disposed by the said Patentees and Trustees according to the Directions and Instructions herein after mentioned.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the said Patentees and Trustees and the Survivours and Survivour of them shall make and execute to all and every Person and Persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate their Heires Successors and Assignes who shall become Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Rents or of any Part thereof an Indenture [or Indentures1] of Bargaine and Sale which shall be inrolled in any of the Fower Courts at Westminster within six Monethes after the Date thereof, and shall containe a Conveyance and Assurance of the Rents soe purchased, and transferr the same by Words of Bargaine and Sale, or by Words of Grant, Release or Confirmation, or by such other apt Words and Clauses as by the said Purchaser or Purchasers their Heires Successors or Assignes shall be reasonably devised or required and shall be thought most suitable and convenient to and for the severall Cases and Titles of such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, and such Conveyance or Assurance shall alsoe recite the Consideration in Money paid or given, and thereof and of every Part and Parcell thereof shall acquitt, exonerate and discharge the said Purchaser or Purchasers his and their Heires Executors Successors and Assignes.

And bee it further declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all and every Person and Persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate his and their Heires Successors and Assignes haveing and takeing any such Conveyance and Assurance as aforesaid and causeing the same to be inrolled as aforesaid within the Space of six Moneths next after the Date thereof shall be, and is hereby adjudged in aduall Seisin and Possession of the Rents soe purchased and conveyed and shall hold and enjoy the same in perfect Pdace freed and discharged of and from all Claimes and Demands which can or may be made by his Majestie his Heires or Successors either in Right of his Crowne, or any the Dutchyes aforesaid or otherwise howsoever, or by any Dukes of Cornwall for the Time befog, or by any Person or Persons that shall have, inherite or enjoy the Dukedome of Cornwall by force of any Act of Parlyament or other Limitation whatsoever, and alsoe freed and discharged of and from any Breach of Trust, which can or may be pretended to be committed by the said Trustees in not stridly pursuefog the Powers given by this Act or the Instructions herein after mentioned or any other Instructions whatsoever, or the Orders to them directed at the Time of the makefog and executefog such Conveyance, and shall alsoe holde and enjoy all and every the Rents soe purchased as fully freely and amply as his Majestie at the Time of the paSsefog of this Act did or might have held or enjoyed the same.

And bee it further enacted That all and every Person and Persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate who shall purchase any of the said Rents and their and every of their Heires Successors and Assignes respectively shall be and are hereby enabled to have, sue for, and recover the same by such and the like lawfull Wayes and Meanes as his Majestie or any of his Royall Progenitors could or might have recovered the same bee it by distraining in all or any of the Lands of the Tenant or Tenants for the Time befog that shall hold any Lands charged with

1 unto O.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1670.

22° Car. II. c. 6.

659

s

die said Rent, or by haveing Power to detaine or sell all such Distresses after the space of fifteene Dayes after

such Distresse taken in case the said Rent shall not be then or before paid returning the Overplus of what

be soe sould to the Parde destrained, or by haveing the full Benefit and Advantage of all Summes of Money reserved nomine Pene, or as a Penalde for Non-payment of the said Rent, or by useing the like Action or Suite as his

Majesde might have used for the Recovery of the same before such Patent granted, soe as the same extend not to

any such Processe of Extent, or other Prerogative Processe out of the Court of Exchequer as his Majesde might have had before such Patent granted.

And forasmuch as upon diverse Commissions of defective Titles, Inquisitions or Suggestions of Concealements diverse Patents have formerly passed the Greate Seale of England, or under the Seale of the Dutchy of Lancaster, or under the Seale of the County Palatine of Lancaster of diverse Mannours Lands Tenements and Hereditaments whereupon diverse Fee Farme Rents or other Rents have beene reserved, and sometimes putt in Charge where in trueth noe thing hath passed by the said Letters Patents, nor have the Mannours Lands and Tenements Libertyes or Hereditaments mentioned to have beene granted, beene enjoyed or held under the said Letters Patents but under other Titles, or by vertue of other Letters Patents whereupon other Rents are reserved. Bee it therefore enacted That such Fee Farme Rents or other Rents which have not beene usually paid by the Owners or Occupiers of the Mannours Lands or Tenements charged or mentioned to be charged therewith by the greater space of forty Yeares now last past shall not be inserted or mentioned in any such Letters Patents to be hereafter granted to Trustees as aforesaid. And further That where any Person or Persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate have held any Mannours Lands Tenements or Hereditaments subject to the Payment of any Fee Farme Rent or other Rent which hath beene usually paid or answered by the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands soe charged, and that by Colour or Pretence of some Patent of Concealement, or by Pretence of Commissioners for defective Titles passed of the same Lands some other or greater Rent hath beene reserved or putt in Charge, but the same hath not beene usually answered or paid by the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands by the greater Space of forty Yeares before mentioned That then and in such Case the Tennant of the Lands shall hold the same discharged of the said Rent soe reserved by vertue of the said Patent of Concealement or by Commission of defective Titles, and alsoe discharged of all Seisures and Distresses for the same untill the same shall have beene recovered by due Course and Proceedings of Law ; And if any Letters Patents of any Mannours, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have beene heretofore granted whereupon any Fee Farme Rents or other Rents have beene reserved which at any time after the passing of this A d shall be sould to any Purchaser or Purchasers, if such Letters Patents wherupon such Rents 6oe sould have beene reserved shall at any time hereafter be adnulled, defeated, repealed, cancelled, avoided or otherwise determined whereby the Lands shall returae to his Majesty his Heires or Successors, then and in every such Case all and every the Purchaser and Purchasers of such Rents their Heires Successors and Assignes shall have and receive out of the same Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments the like Rent, and for the like Estate therein with that which was by them soe purchased and shall enjoy such like Rent dureing such Estate against his Majestie his Heires and Successors, and against all Persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate claimeing by from or under his Majestie his Heires and Successors by any Grant or Conveyance made or granted by his Majestie his Heires or Successors subsequent to such Purchase made and shall have like Remedy for recovery thereof (any such adnulling, defeateing, repeale, cancelling, Avoidance or other Determination of such Letters Patents to the contrary notwithstanding)

Except by Prerogative Process.

V.

Recital that divert Patents of Manors, &c. have been granted upon Commissions of defe&i ve Titles, Sic. whereupon Rents have been reserved although nothing passed.

Fee-farm and other Rents not paid for Forty Years last past, not to be inserted in Patents to be hereafter made;

and Tenant may hold the Land discharged in Cases herein mentioned.

If Letters Patent of Manors, Lands, See. heretofore granted, on which Rents so sold have been reserved, shall be cancelled, and so return to the Crown, the Purchasers may hold as against the Crown and others in manner herein mentioned.

And whereas by certaine Covenants or Agreements on the Kings Part contained in the originall Reservation of some of the said Fee Farme Rents or by the true Intent thereof, or by some Decrees in the Court of Augmentation or Exchequer made before the three and twentyeth Day of October in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and two, or since the nine and twentyeth Day of May in the Yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty diverse Fee-Farmers were to be discharged, and Allowances to be made of diverse Pensions, Portions, Rents Resolute or other Things of the like Nature, and the Charge thereof hath beene since allowed by his Majestie out of the said Fee Farme Rents upon the Accompts of Bayliffes Ministers and Receivers; it is hereby provided and declared That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not be construed to annuli or avoid any such Covenants or Decrees, but that the same shall be allowed against the said Purchaser or Purchasers as it should have beene against his Majestie his Heires and Successors if the Letters Patents or Grants of such Fee Farme Rents hereby intended to be confirmed had not beene made; Saveing unto the Queenes Majestie and to all and every other Person and Persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate their Heires and Successors and every of them (other then the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, and other then the Dukes of Cornwall for the Time being, and other then such Person as shall have, inherite or enjoy the said Dukedome of Cornwall by force of any Act of Parlyament or other Limitation whatsoever) all such Right, Title and Interest, Possession, Leases or Estates as they or any of them had or should or might have, or of right ought to have had in or to the said Rents or any of them, or any of the Lands charged or chargeable with them or any of them as fully and amply as they should or might have had before the Letters Patents thereof made as if this Act had never beene had or made; Any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate to purchase any the Fee Farme Rents or other Rents soe to be conveyed as aforesaid, and the same Rents soe purchased to retaine and keepe to them and their Successors; Any Statutes of Mortmaine to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.

Recital that divert Fee-farmer* before the 2jd 0&. 1642, and since the 29th May 1660, have been discharged, their Discharges confirmed.

Proviso for the Queen and others.

Exception of Dukei of Cornwall.

VII. Bodies Corporate may buy and enjoy Rents notwithstanding the Statutes of Mortmain.

660

22° Cab. II. c.6.

A.D. 1670.

vm.

Proviso for certain Rents arising in the PrincipJity of Wales.

Contract 8 to be signed by Treasurer.

Trustees to convey.

Purchase Money how to be paid.

Allowance on prompt Payment.

T enants contracting within Six Months to be preferred in point of Purchase.

Proviso.

Conveyance to whom made.

Proviso respecting Incumbrances.

Trustees to hold for the Crown until Sale.

Trustees to covenant against Incumbrances by them.

IX.

Proviso for Fee-farmers of Mills formerly belonging to the Crown.

X.

All Sums of Money, Rents, &c. to be allowed to maintain a School, &c. to remain as heretofore.

Trustees may convey to such Persons as they think fit for the Performance of such charitable Uses.

(f) Provided alwayes That neither this Act nor any Thing therein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the Sale of any thje Fee Farme Rents, Tenths Chauntry Rents, Rents Seeke or any dry or other Rents whatsoever due or payable to his Majestie, or the Prince of Wales for the time being, issueing or arisemg within the Principality & Dominion of Wales; This Act or any Thing therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Instructions enacted to be observed in the Sale of Fee-Farme Rents; yet soe as the Breach or Non pursuance of these Instructions shall not invalidate or weaken the Title of any Purchaser.

i. All Contracts touching the Sale of any Fee Farme Rents or other Rents before mentioned shall be signed by the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being or any two of them.

2. The Trustees shall convey to such Persons as by Order from the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any two of them they shall be directed.

3. Every Contrador shall at or before the Time of the sealeing of his Conveyance pay downe one Moyty at least of his Purchase Money into the Exchequer, and shall alsoe before he shall receive his Deed of Conveyance give Security such as the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall approve for the Payment of the second Moyty at the time appointed.

4. Such Contradors as will pay downe their whole Purchase Money shall receive such Allowance for their present Payment of their second Moyty as shall be thought fitt, soe as the same exceede not the Rate of ten per Cent.

5. The immediate Tennant lyable to the Payment of any Rent shall be preferred in the Purchase of it before any other, soe as such immediate Tennant tender himselfe to the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract within six Moneths after the passing of the said Patent and Notice thereof published by his Majestyes Proclamation, and perfect his Contract, and pay or secure his Money, as aforesaid, within six Moneths after, at such Rate as shall be agreed not exceeding twenty Yeares Purchase.

6. If the immediate Tennant or some on his Behaife doe not tender and perfect his Contract as in the last precedent Article, all Benefit of Preference, or Preemption is to be lost.

7. The Purchaser may have his Conveyance in the Names of any Person or Persons he shall desire.

8. If any Fee Farme Rent or other Rent be subject to, or charged with any Payment or other Incumbrance, Consideration shall be had of it at the Time of the Contract, and a Reprize allowed for it accordingly, and where such Reprize is allowed, the Purchaser is to covenant to take upon him such Incumbrance soe reprized.

9. The Trustees are to hold the Rents conveyed to them for the Benefit of his Majestie his Heires and Successors untill Sale,

to. The Trustees in all Conveyances to be made by them shall covenant with the Purchasers in usuall Forme to free the Premisses and save the Purchaser harmelesse from any Ad done or suffered by them, which may any way incumber the Premisses.

[Provided alwayes, and bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Fee-farmers of any Mills formerly belonging to the Crowne, or Parcell of his Majesties Dutchy of Lancaster shall have the Protection and Priviledge of his Majestyes Courts of Exchequer and Dutchy of Lancaster and all Suites to Mill and Aides of the said Courts, and enjoy all other former Priviledges and Advantages notwithstanding the Sale of the said Fee-farme Rents issueing out of the said Mills to all Intents and Purposes, and in as large and beneficiall manner as when the said Fee-forme Rents or any of them were payable to his Majestie his Heires and Successors.1]

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That such and soe much of the said Fee Farme Rents and Premisses and such Summes of Money, Rents resolute, Pensions, Stipends, Sallaryes, Annuityes, Aimes, Corodyes, Proffitts and Allowances as are due and payable, or which are chargeable upon have beene or ought to be paid or allowed to or for the Maintenance of any Grammar Schoole or Schollars, or for or towards the Reparation of any Church, Chappell, Highway, Cawsey Bridges, Schooles, Almeshouses, Castles or any other Uses, upon, out of, or for the Premisses or any of them to be setled upon Trustees according to this Act as aforesaid shall be and continue to be paid and allowed as they were and have beene heretofore. And the said Trustees are hereby authorized and required to sett out, convey and assure [to*] such Person and Persons and their Heires, Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate and their Successors and Assignes as they the said Trustees shall thinke fitt in Trust for the Performance of the Uses aforesaid or any of them, such of the said Fee Farme Rents Dutyes or Summes of Money payable as aforesaid, as shall amount to any of the Summes soe charged, limitted or allowed to, or for the Uses or Purposes aforesaid. Any Thing in this Act or Instructions to the contrary notwithstanding. And after such Conveyance the Purchasers of the Residue of the said Fee-farme Rents shall be discharged of the said Dutyes and Payments. *]

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* unto 0.

22? Car. II. c.T.

661

CHAPTER VH.

An Act to enable the Kings Majestie to make Leases, Grants and Copyes of Offices, Lands Tenements and Hereditaments Parcell of his Highnesse Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

WHEREAS many of the Lands belonging to the Dutchy of Cornwall have beene granted by Lease to the v v Tennants some for the terme of one two or three Lives, and some for diverse yeares determinable upon one two or three Lives and others for thirty one yeares or under ; which Leases are desired to be renewed by many of the said Tennants; And whereas of late yeares diverse increased Rents have beene reserved aswell upon the said leased Lands as upon many Copyhold Estates of the said Dutchy for the Improvement of that Revenue, whereof the Tennants have complained to the Kings Majestie who is gratiously pleased that they may compound with his Officers for the Discharge of the said increased Rents and be restored to the old Rents formerly paid for their respective Tenements and Lands; Now to the end the same may be accordingly effected, and the said Tennants may be encouraged to renew their Leases and Estates, and thereby the better enabled to repaire their Houses and provide for their Families and to improve their Lands holden of the said Dutchy. Bee it eua&ed by the King’s most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoride of the same That all Grants made or to be made by Copy of Court Roll according to the custome of the respective Mannour or Mannours of the said Dutchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging, and all Leases and Grants made or to be made within three yeares next ensueing by our said Soveraigne Lord the King by Letters Patents or Indentures under the Great Seale of England, or the Seale of the Court of Exchequer of any Offices, Pirkes, Lands Tenements or Hereditaments other then Honours Lordshipps or Mannours parcells of the Possessions of, or annexed or belonging to the said Dutchy of Cornwall, shall be good and effectuall in Law according to the purport & [contents1] of the same Copyes Leases and Grants against our said Soveraigne Lord the King his Heires and Successors, and against all and every other person and persons that shall at any time hereafter have inherite or enjoy the said Dutchy by force of any Act of Parlyament, or by any other Limitation whatsoever.

Provided alwayes That every such Lease or Grant soe made, or to be made [shall not be made'] for more then one, two or three Lives or for thirty one yeares or under, or for some terme of yeares determinable upon one, two or three Lives and not above; And if such Leases or Grants be made in Reversion or expectancy that then the same together with the Estates in possession doe not exceede three Lives or the terme of Thirty one yeares and not in any wise dispunishable of Waste and soe as upon every such Lease shall be reserved the aundent or most usuall Rent or more, or such Rent as hath beene reserved, yeilded or payd for the same Lands for the greater part of Twenty yeares next before the yeare of Our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixde and shall be reserved due & payable to him or her that shall have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Dutchy; And where noe [such'] Rent hath beene reserved or payable that then upon every such Lease there shall be reserved a reasonable Rent not being under the twentyeth part of the cleare yearely value of the Parks, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments contained in such Lease, and all Leases and Grants otherwise made or to be made shall be null and void.

And bee it further ordained and enacted by the authoride aforesaid That all Covenants, Conditions, Reservations, and other Agreements contained in every Lease Grant or Copy of Court Roll made or to be made as aforesaid shall be good and effectuall in Law according to the Words and Contents of the same as well for and against them to whom the Reversion of the same Lands Tenements or Hereditaments shall come, as for and against them to whom the Interest of the said Leases, Grants or Copies shall come respectively as if our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie at the time of the makeing of such Covenants Conditions and Reservations and other Agreements were seised of an absolute Estate in Fee simple in the same Lands Tenements or Hereditaments Saveing alwayes to all and every person and persons Bodyes pollitique and corporate their Heires and Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes other then to our said Soveraigne Lord the King and His Heires and the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the time being and his and their Heires and all and every person and persons that shall hereafter have inherite or enjoy the said Dukedome of Cornwall by force of any Act of Parlyament or other Limitation whatsoever All such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customes Interests Tenures Claimes and Demands whatsoever of what nature, kinde or qualitie soever of, in, to, or out of the said Offices Lands Tenements or Hereditaments

or any of them as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the makeing of this Act to all intents

and purposes and in as large and ample manner and forme as if this Act had never beene had or made. This Act or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That in case any of the Copyhold Tenants of the said

Dutchy shall at any time within Three yeares next ensueing compound or agree with the Lord High Treasurer

of England or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or with the Chauncellour & Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or with any such person or persons as the Lord High Treasurer Commissioners of the Treasury or Chauncellour and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being shall authorize, nominate and appointe for the takeing of, and dischargeing of any increased Rent reserved as aforesaid according to such Rules and Directions

1 interlined on the Roll.

•8 F

Rol.Parl.itC.il. «*• 7-

Reasons for patting this Act.

All Leases, Grants, See. of Land, &c. in the Dutchy of Cornwall made within Three Year* confirmed.

II.

The Term for such Leases and Grants.

Rents to be reserved.

HI. Covenants, Conditions, and Reservations good as if the King had been seised at the making thereof.

General Saving.

Except the King and the Dukes of Cornwall.

IV.

Where Compositions for increased Rents

662

22?Car. II. c.7, 8.

A.D. 1670.

as in that behalfe shall be given in Writeing under the Hands of the said Lord Treasurer or ComisSers of the upon such Treasury or Chauncellour and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being. Then upon such Composition

paid and Enrolled, 806 made ^ ^ moneY thereby ariseing duely paid to the Receiver Generali of the said Dutchy according to

increased Rent the tenoure and contents of such Composition and Agreement, and accordingly inrolled before the Auditor of the

to cease. Premisses; And from thenceforth such increased Rents shall cease and become void, and the old Rent onely, or

such other Rent as in pursuance of this Act shall be directed in or by such Composition fc Agreement shall be charged upon all and every such Tenements Lands and other Hereditaments for which such Composition, Agreement, Payment and Inrolment shall be soe made and none other; Any reservation, condition or other matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

R0i.ParI.22C.IJ.

nu. 8.

Recital that there is a vreat Variety of Measures contrary to Law;

and of

17(16) Car. 1. c. 19. § 6.

The said Clause repealed.

Winchester Measure only to he used. Penalty 40s.

II.

Mayors and other Officers permitting the Use of any other Measure, or not punishing;

Penalty £5.

III.

Clerk of the Market, &c. neglecting or refusing to teal or mark any Measure ; First Offence, Penalty ^5. Other Offence, Penalty j£io.

CHAPTER Vffl.

An Act for ascertaining the Measures of Corne and Salt.

WHEREAS there is a great variety of Bushells and other Measures of different Contents and Gauges used in several Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Ports and other places of this Realme for the measureing buying and selling of all sorts of Graine, Salt and other Commodityes usually bought and sould by the Bushell to the great defrauding and oppressing of the people contrary to the Great Charter and sundry of the good Lawes formerly made and enacted That there shall be but one Measure to be used throughout all the Realme. For future redresse whereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoride of the same That this ensueing Clause contained in a Statute made in the Seaventeenth yeare of King Charles the First Endtuled An Act for the better ordering and regulateing of the Office of Clerke of the Market, allowed and confirmed by this Statute, and for the Reformation of false Weights and Measures (by way of Proviso viz) That such Measure as is commonly called Water measure in any Ports Maridne Townes or other places shall be still used and continued as formerly the same hath beene) Any thing in this Statute contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding, shall from and after the Nine and twentyeth day of September One thousand six hundred and seaventy be and stand nulled and repealed as to the measureing selling or buying of any sort of Corne or Grain ground or unground or Salt within the Kingdome of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, And that if any person or persons after the time aforesaid shall sell any sort of Corne or Grain ground or unground, or any kinde of Salt usually sould by the Bushell either in open Market or any other place by any other Bushell or Measure then that which is agreeable to the Standard marked in his Majestyes Exchequer commonly called the Winchester Measure containing Eight Gallons to the Bushell and noe more or lesse, and the said Bushell strucken even by the Wood or brim of the same by the Seller and sealed as this Act directs, he or they shall forfeite for every such Offence the summe of Forty shillings to be leavyed in such manner and such other penaltyes for want of Distresse to be inffi&ed as in and by the said

former Act is directed by the Warrant or Order of any one or more of his Majestyes Justices of the Peace

within the County, City or place where such Offence shall be committed; which said Justices respectively are hereby required and enabled to see this Statute duely executed.

And bee it likewise further enacted by authoritie aforesaid That if any Maior or other Head Officer of any

City, Burrough or Corporation or Liberty within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede shall knowingly and wilfully permitt or suffer any person or persons within their respective Limitts or Jurisdictions to sell or buy any sort of Come or Grain ground or unground, or Salt by any other Bushell or Measure or strucken in any other manner then is hereby prescribed, or shall suffer within their respective Limitts or Jurisdictions any other Measure to be used then is of the Contents aforesaid and sealed

as this Act directs, or if upon complaint of the breach of this Statute, he or they shall not duely punish and

reforme the same according to the purporte thereof then he or they soe offending for every such Offence upon due proofe and conviction thereof by Presentment or Indictment before the Justices of the Peace of the County where such Offence shall be committed at the Generali Sessions of the Peace held for the same shall forfeite the summe of Five pounds, the one moyty thereof to the Informer or Prosecutor the other moyty to the use of the Poore of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed to be leavyed by Distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattells, And for defaulte of such Distresse by Imprisonment of the person or persons soe offending till payment thereof made by Warrant of the said Justices

And bee it further enacted That if the Clerke of the Market of his Majestyes House within the Verge or the Maior or other Head Officer, Lord of the Liberty or other person authorized by the Lawes of the Realme to marke or seale Measures within their respective Jurisdictions shall negcleft or refuse being required to seale or marke any Bushell, Halfe bushell or Peeke duely gauged as is hereby before directed and appointed shall forfeite for the first offence Five pounds and for every other Offence Ten pounds to be leavyed as aforesaid; or if the Clarke of the Market of his Majestyes House within the Verge shall take more then the lawfoll and accustomed

Fees; or if any other person or persons shall exact or take from any person more then one penny for the sealdng

22° Car. II. c. 8,9.

663

and markeing of a Bushell, or more then one halfe penny for the sealeing or markeing of a Halfe bushell or Peeke, or more then one farthing for the sealeing or markeing of any measure containing one Gallon, Potle, Quart, Pinte or Halfe pinte he or they shall for every such offence upon due proofe and conviction thereof incurre the penaltyes mentioned and contained in the aforenamed Statute for the said offence made in the seaventeenth yeare of King Charles the First.

And to the end that there may be a just and certaine Measure (to determine all Controversies) gauged as

this Act dir efts Bee it further enacted That at the charge of such person or persons respectively who shall have

the Toll, or Profit of the Market where Toll is not taken within any City Corporation or Market Towne within this Realme in their respective Jurisdictions there shall be before the said Nine and twentyeth day of September One Measure of Brasse provided and chained in the publique Market place upon paine to forfeite and loose for every Person soe negclecting respectively the summe of Five pounds to be recovered and leavyed as is by this Act directed, One moyety to the Poore of the Parish where such offence shall be committed, the other moyty to him or them that shall sue for the same.

And bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That all and every Constable or Constables within this

Realme of England in their respective Precincts are hereby impowered and required to search and examine if any person or persons use any other measure then according to the proportions aforesaid, or shall strike the same in any other manner then this Act directs, or sell or buy by a measure unsealed, And in case he or they shall finde any such unsealed measure to seise and breake the same, and for that and every other offence against this Act shall present such Offender at the next private or quarterly Sessions to be held for such County or place where such offence shall be committed.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That noe person or persons punished for any Offence by vertue of this Act shall be againe questioned or punished for the same offence by vertue or colour of any other A&.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted and declared That noe person or persons whatsoever shall take any Toll or any thing in lieu thereof, but respectively according to such proportion as the measures in this Act limited and appointed beare unto the measures whereby the same have beene heretofore usually taken. Any Law, Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Exacting undue Feet i

Penalty.

IV.

A Measure of Brass to be chained in every public Market-place

Penalty

V.

Constables to search if any Persons use other Measures or Strike unduly; and to break Measures, and present Offender at Sessions.

VI.

No Double Punishment.

VII. Toll taking regulated*

CHAPTER IX.

An Act authorizing certaine Commissioners of the Realme of England to treate with Commissioners of Scotland

for the Weale of both Kingdoines.

WHEREAS the Kings most Excellent Majesde out of his Princely Zeale and Fatherly Care for the Welfare v v and Happinesse of his Subjects persisting in the same pious and prudent Resolution of his Royall Grandfather King James of ever blessed memory to endeavour a nearer and more compleate Union between his two Kingdomes of England and Scotland, hath recommended it to the Parlyaments of both Kingdomes that Comi§sers might be nominated to treate and consult concerning this Union To the end that his Majestyes Royall and Gracious Purposes therein may be accomplished, and such a further Union may be treated and agreed upon as may compleate and confirme for ever a constant mutuall Love and Friendshipp betweene the Subjects of both Realities Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoride of the same That such persons to be nominated by his Majesde under his Great Seale of England, or such and soe many of them as shall in that behalfe be appointed by his Majesde to be of the Quorum shall by force of this Act have full Power Commission and Authority at such dme and times and in such place or places as his Majesde shall please to appoint to assemble and meete, and thereupon to treate and consult according to the Tenoure or Purporte of their Authority or Commission in that behalfe, with certaine Commissioners to be authorized by Authority of the Parlyament of Scotland of and concerning such an Union of the said Realmes of England and Scotland and of and concerning such other matters causes and things whatsoever as upon mature deliberation and consideration the greatest part of the said Commissioners assembled as aforesaid, and the Commissioners authorized or to be authorized by the Parlyament of Scodand according to the Tenoure or Purporte of their Commission in that behalfe shall in their Wisedomes thinke convenient and necessary for the Honour of his Majesde and the weale and common Good of both the said Kingdomes dureing his Majestyes Life (which Almighty God long preserve) and of his Heires and lawfull Successors for ever, Which Commissioners of both the said Realmes shall according to the Tenor or Purporte of their said Authorityes or Commissions in that behalfe, reduce their doeings and proceedings therein into Writeings, or Instruments Tripartite every part to be subscribed and sealed by them, to the end that one part thereof may in all humblenesse be presented to his most Excellent Majesde; Another part thereof to be offered to the consideration of the Parlyament for the Realme of England, and another to be offered to the consideration of the Parlyament for the Realme of Scotland at their next Sessions which shall be held in each Kingdome respectively after such

Rot. Pari 22 C. //.

nu. 9.

Reasons for passing this Act.

His Majesty may

name Commissioners to treat with Commissioners of Scotland concerning a Union between both Realms.

Their Proceedings to be reduced into Writings tripartite, one for the King, one for the Parliament of England, and the Third for the Parliament of Scotland}

22° Car. II. c.9,10.

A.D. 1670.

and thereupon further Proceedings had as King and Parliament may think fit.

11.

Nothing of force till confirmed by Parliament of England.

Rot. Pari, 22 C, II. nu. io.

Recital that Sir John Prittiman had been found indebted to the Crown on Inquisition in the Exchequer.

The Manor of Loddington in the County of Leicester to be sold, and to that end settled in Trustees.

How the Money arising by the Sale to be disposed of.

II.

Saving, other than to Sir John and Sir George Prittiman, And their Heirs, all Right, &c.

Writeings or Instruments shall be subscribed and sealed by the said Commissioners; that thereupon such further Proceedings may be had as by His Majestie and both the said Parlyaments shall be thought fitt and necessary for the weale and common Good of both the said Kingdomes, to whom the intire Consideration of the whole and the allowing or disallowing thereof, or any part thereof as they shall thinke fitt is wholly reserved.

[Provided alsoe, and bee it enacted and declared That noe matter or thing to be treated of, agreed or proposed by the said Commissioners by vertue of this Act shall have any force or effect or be put in Execution unrill it be confirmed and established by A & of the Parlyament of England.1 ]

CHAPTER X.

An Act for sale of part of the Estate of Sir John Prittiman for satisfaction of a Debt by him due to the

Kings Majestie.

WHEREAS Sir John Prittiman of Loddington in the County of Leicester Baronet, late Receiver to your most Excellent Majestie of your Majestyes First-fruits and Tenths hath before the Barons of your Majestyes Exchequer beene found by Inquisition and other due Processe of Law indebted to your Majestie upon his Accompt of the last of December One thousand six hundred sixty and three in the Summe of Nineteene thousand eight hundred sixty sower pounds nine shillings and nine pence by him received of your Majestyes said Revenew, and still remaines indebted to your Majestie in the Summe of Sixteene thousand six hundred pounds more then he hath answered to the Receipt of your Majestyes Exchequer, in great Diminution of your Highnesses Revenue; And whereas upon Processe of Extent issued out of your Majestyes said Exchequer the said Sir John Prittiman hath beene by Inquisition duely executed and returned the Nineteenth of June One thousand six hundred sixrie and eight found seised in his Demeasne as of Fee of and in the Mannour of Loddington in the County of Leicester with the Rights Members and Appurtenances of the cleare yearely value of Seaven hundred eighty eight pounds nineteene shillings and eight pence which will not satisfie your Majestyes said Debt by perception of the Proffitts thereof at the said extended value in a long time. Wherefore to the end your Majestie may be more speedily sarisfyed your said Debt may it please your most Excellent Majestie That it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in Parlyament assembled That the said Mannour or reputed Mannour of Loddington with the Messuages Lands Tenements and Hereditaments parcell or reputed parcell thereof with their and every of their Appurtenances in the said County of Leicester, be and is hereby vested and setled in Henry Coventry and Edward Progers Esquires Groomes of your Majestyes Bedchamber Sir Allan Apsley and Sir Winston Churchill Knights and their Heires upon Trust that the said Henry Coventry Edward Progers Sir Allan Apsley and Sir Winston Churchill and the Survivour of them and the Heires of such Survivour shall forthwith sell the said Mannour and every part and parcell thereof with the Appurtenances and out of the proceede of such Sale and of the meane Profits by them to be received untill such Sale or Sales made satisfy and reimburse themselves all such Chaiges and Expences which they shall any ways sustaine in or by reason of such Sales (2) of the Trust hereby in them reposed. And out of the residue of such Purchase money shall pay or cause to be paid into His Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer the full summe of Sixteene thousand pounds with Interest for the same onely at the Rate of Six pounds per Cen! from the said last day of December One thousand six hundred sixty and three in Discharge of the said Debt of the said Sir John Prittiman the residue of the moneys to be raised by such Sale to be paid into the Hands of John Morris and Robert Clayton of London Gentlemen to be disposed and imployed as followeth (videlicet) In the first place to reimburse Sir Edward Hungerford and Sir Thomas Doleman and either of them such moneys as they or either of them have paid for the proper Debts of Sir John Prittiman, in the next place for the payment of such Debts of the said Sir John Prittiman as they or either of them are obliged to pay, In the next place for the payments unto William Prittiman Brother of Sir John [such1] moneys as he hath paid for the proper Debt of Sir John upon any Obligation where the said Sir Edward Hungerford, Sir Thomas Doleman, Sir Geoige Prittiman and the said William Prittiman or any two of them stood or stand joyntly bound. In the next place for the payment of all the Debts of the said Sir John Prittiman where any of them the said Sir George Prittiman Sir Edward Hungerford and Sir Thomas Doleman stand bound, In the next place for the payment unto Sir Edward Hungerford and Sir Thomas Doleman and either of them all such moneys as they or either of them have paid, or are obliged to pay for the proper Debts of the said Sir George Prittiman as farr as the same will extend; the residue (if any) to be divided betweene Sir John Prittiman and Sir George Prittiman as Francis Winington and James Hayes Esquires and the said John Morris and Robert Clayton or the survivour or survivours of them shall thinke fitt.

And further bee it enacted That from and after the said Summe of Sixteene thousand pounds soe paid to his Majestie as aforesaid as well the said Sir John Prittiman his Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes as all his Mannours Lands Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever and alsoe all and every person and persons their Heires Executors Lands Tenements and Hereditaments who were Security for the said Sir John Prettiman for or concerning any matter or thing relateing to the said First-fruits or his the said Sir John Prittimans Office of Receiver thereof shall be by vertue hereof acquitted for ever released and indempnyfyed, saveing to all and every person

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. w or 0.

9 interlined on the Roll.

22° Car. II. c. 10, 11.

665

and persons Bodyes Pollidque and Corporate other then the said Sir John Prittiman and Sir George Prittiman and his and their Heires all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Trust, Use and Demand which he or they have or claime of, in, to or out of the said Mannour of Loddington or any part thereof in such sort and manner and noe other as if this AS had never beene made, Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided That such person or persons their Heires Executors or Administrators and such Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate doe by themselves or their respective lawfull Attoumey or Guardian, produce and cause to be entred and enrolled in the Office of the Kings Remembrancer in the Exchequer a sufficient and certaine particular of his and their said Title, Claime or Incumbrance before the First day of March which shall be in the yeare One thousand six hundred and seaventy.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That for the [morel] speedy raiseing of moneys for and towards satisfaction of your Majestie and performance of the Trusts aforesaid it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Henry Coventry Edward Progers Sir Allan Apsley and Sir Winston Churchill and the survivours and survivour of them and his heires to mortgage the said Mannour and Premisses or any part thereof for any Estate or Estates subject neverthelesse to a further sale of the Reversion or equity of Redemption thereof to be made according to this Act for the purposes aforesaid.

And it is hereby declared and further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid for the encouragement of such person or persons as shall be willing to purchase the said Mannour and Premisses or any part or parts thereof That all extents already had or to be had and returned of the said Mannour and Premisses for satisfaction of the said Debt of Sixteene thousand pounds and Estate and Interest of your Majestie of and in the said Mannour and Premisses by vertue thereof upon payment or satisfaction of the said Debt of Sixteene thousand pounds and Interest as aforesaid to your Majestie your Heires and Successors your or their Assignee or Assignees shall and may be assigned to such person or persons as shall purchase the said Mannour and Premisses or any part or parcell thereof, or to any other person or persons which he or they shall [for that'] purpose, nominate or appointe, and shall remaine continue and be in force and vertue for the protecting the said Premisses against all Incumbrances and Charges of Sir John Prittiman and Sir George Prittiman his Sonne in such sort and manner as the same would have done if this Act had never beene made untill such Purchaser or Purchasers shall out of the Rents Issues and Proffitts of the said Premisses have received the said summe of Sixteene thousand pounds with Interest for the same after the rate of Six pounds per Cent per Annu from the said last day of December One thousand six hundred sixty three, Saveing neverthelesse to the Wife of the said Sir John Prittiman (if he hath any) all such Right and Title of Dower as she might have claimed or may claime in the Premisses if this Act had never beene made, And alsoe saveing unto Sir John Heath Knight and Dame Margaret his Wife and their Assignes all such Estate, Right of Entry Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Claime or Demand whatsoever in Law or Equity of and into any of the Messuages Lands Tenements and Hereditaments aforesaid parcell or reputed parcell of the said Mannour of Loddington as if this Act had never beene made. Any thing in the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.

Pronto that such Persons cause their Claim to be entered, &c. in the Excheauer before March 107a

IV.

The Trustees may mortgage the said Manor till it can be sold.

V.

All Extents for the King, and all his Claim to the said Manor to be assigned to the Purchasers.

Proviso for the Lady Prittiman, and Sir John Heath and his Lady.

CHAPTER XI.

An Additional!. Act for the rebuilding of the Citty of London, uniteing of Parishes and rebuilding of the

Cathedrall and Parochial] Churches within the said City.

WHEREAS by vertue and in pursuance of an Act of this present Parliament entituled, An Act for rebuilding the Citty of London severall Streets in the said Act perticularly mentioned and described, have beene inlarged and made wider by the Maior Aldermen and Commons of the said Citty by and with the approbation of the Kings most Excellent Majestie; And forasmuch as certaine other Streets within the said Citty not perticularly mentioned in the aforesaid Act, did alsoe require some Regulation and Enlargement (that is to say) the Streete called Pater-noster-row, the Lane called Warwicke lane at the North side thereof, Wading streete, Candle wike streete Eastcheape, Saint Swithins lane, Little Wood streete, Milke streete, Tower streete. Water-lane scituate on the East side of London bridge neare the Custome house, Rood lane Saint Mary hill Thames streete, from London bridge to Pudle docke, Pye comer next to Smithfeild and Thread-needle streete; And to that end and purpose the same by Order and Direction of the Maior, Aldermen and Commons of the said Citty in Common Councell assembled by and with his said Majesties approbation have beene surveyed and are found necessary to be enlarged: Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoritie of the same That the said Streetes and Lanes in this Act before nominated and appointed to be inlarged, and every of them shall be inlarged and regulated in such parts and places thereof and in such manner and according as the same are marked and staked out for that purpose and not otherwise;

And to the end that fitt and commodious places within the said City and Liberties thereof may be sett out and appointed for the rebuilding and keepeing of Markets with more convenience then heretofore they were, soe as the prindpall Streets may not be pestered and obstruSed thereby as heretofore hath beene accustomed. And

Roi. Pari, 11 C. II.

nu. II.

Redtal that under 18 & 19 C. 11. c. 8. (19C.II. c.3.) several Street*, See. of London have been enlarged, &c. and that certain other Street* require Enlargement and Regulation.

The said Street*, See. to be enlarged a* they are now staked out;

II.

and also the Royal Exchange, Guildhall,

the Old Baily, &c.

8 G

22° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1670.

Ground to be assigned for public Man Let-places, and other Places.

III. Satisfactoo to Owners for Ground taken away.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons to treat and agree with Owners, and in case of wilful Refusal, to impannel a Jury, whose Verdict, and the Judgment of the Mai ror and Court of Aldermen thereupon, with Payment of the Money so awarded into the Chamber* Iain’s Office, shall be binding and conclusive.

Proviso.

Controversies to be decided by the Judges, or Three of them, and in what manner.

Such Decision to be find.

t8 & 19C.il. c.7. (19 C. II. c. 2.)

IV.

Where several Persons having several Estates in one House or Ground, and some delay to build, to the prejudice of others, the rest may rebuild the whole, if they will, and enjoy it to their own Use till re-imbursed.

that the Royall Exchange, Guildhall, the Sessions house in the Old Bayly and the common Goales and Prisons [in1] the said Citty may be enlarged and made more commodious for the publique use and ornament of the Citty and better secured from the danger and casualtie of Fire, and that some convenient distance, intervall and circuit of Ground may be left betweene the Royall Exchange and other Houses to be built within the said Citty. Bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That the Maior Aldermen and Commons of the said Citty in Common Councell assembled shall and may and are hereby impowered to imploy such places and portions of Ground within the said City and Liberties thereof as by and with his said Majesties approbation now are or before the tenth day of March One thousand six hundred sixty nine shall be sett out and adjudged necessary and convenient aswdl for the publique Market places there as alsoe for the ornament enlargement and convenience of the said Royall Exchange and other places aforementioned, and every or any of them respectively.

And to the intent that reasonable satisfaction may be given to the Owners and others haveing any Estate or Interest in the Grounds and places which have beene or shall be sett out to be taken and imployed for publique Market places or for the ornament and convenience of the Royall Exchange Guild hall and other places in this Act mentioned or any of them or for inlargeing the said Streets or any part thereof called Pater-noster-row, Warwicke lane Wading streete Candlewike streete Eastcheap Saint Swithins lane Litle Wood-streete Milke streets Tower streete Water lane Rood lane Saint Mary Hill Thames streete Pye corner next unto Smithfeild and Threade needle streete before mentioned; The said Maior Aldermen and Commons shall and may (by themselves or others in that behalfe to be appointed and authorized) treate and agree with the Owners and others interested therein; And in case of wilfull refusall or any such disabilitie or impediment as in the aforesaid Act are mentioned or other incapacitie whatsoever in the Owners thereof or others interested therein to treate and agree; The said Maior and Court of Aldermen shall and are hereby authorized and required to cause a Jury to be impannelled in such manner and forme as by the aforesaid Act is directed and appointed, Soe as noe two of the said Jurors soe to be impannelled shall come out of one and the same Ward to adjudge & [assesse1] what recompence and satisfaction in every of the cases aforesaid ought to be awarded and given to the respective Owners and others interested in the Grounds and places soe sett out to be taken and imployed for any the uses or purposes aforesaid; in pursuance of this Act according to such their respective Estates and Interests: And the Verdict of such Jury in that behalfe to be taken, and the Judgement of the said Maior and Court of Aldermen thereupon; and the payment of the money soe awarded or adjudged at or in the Office of the Chamberlaine of the said City of London for the time being to the said Chamberlaine there to remaine by the space of six monethes for the Owners or others interested therein as aforesaid and after that time to be paid unto them by the said Chamberlaine upon demand (if that within that time there shall not arise any controversie touching the payment thereof by reason of different claimes made thereunto as hereafter is expressed) shall be binding and conclusive to and against the Owners and all others haveing or claimeing or to claime any Estate, Right, Title or Interest of, in, to, or out of the same their Heires Executors Administrators Successors and Assignes and every of them; And shall be a full authority for the said Maior Aldermen and Commons to cause the same to be converted and used to and for the respective uses and purposes aforesaid ; And in case any Controversie shall arise betweene any person or persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate or his or their Assignes or Under tennants or other persons claimeing any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in Law or Equity, Trust, Charge or Incumbrance of or in the said Ground soe to be purchased or converted as aforesaid, who shall finde him or themselves agreived for or by reason that the said moneyes soe given in satisfaction for the said Ground is not or shall not be equally or indifferently apportioned according to the true value of his or their Interests in the said Grounds, that then the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas and Barons of the Coife of the Court of the Exchequer for the time being or any three or more of them sitting together at the same time and place upon the petition of the said partie or partyes grieved to be preferred to any one of them within six monethes after the said Verdict soe had and given and not after, are hereby authorized to heare and finally determine the same, and to order and award such destribution of the moneyes soe paid unto the Chamberlaine aforesaid to the said person or persons Bodyes

Pollitique* or Corporate respectively, according to his and their severall and respective Interests in the same in such manner and forme as the said Justices and Barons or any three of them may determine any Differences or Demands which have arisen or shall arise betweene any Landlord or Tennant touching repaireing or rebuilding any of the Houses burnt downe or demolished by the late Fire by vertue of an Act of this present Parlyament entituled An Act for erecting a Judicature for determination of Differences touching Houses burnt downe or demolished by the late Fire which happened in London, According to which Order and Distribution the said

summe and summes shall be paid by the said Chamberlaine to the said severall persons respectively.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That in case it shall happen that where there were two, or more Co-partners, Joynt tennants, or Tennants in common of any House or Houses burned or demolished by the said late Fire; or that two or more persons, Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate had severall Estates or Interests in severall Romes, Stories or parts of any such House or Houses burned or demolished; and that some or one of them is desireous and willing to build the same or such Part, Rome or Story of or in the same as to him or them doth or may appertaine according to his or their Estate or Interest as aforesaid, And that any other of the said Co-partners Joynt tennants or Tennants in common or others haveing such Estate or Interest as aforesaid in

any of the Roomes Stories or Parts thereof shall delay or refuse to joyne in rebuilding of the same or to contribute

his and their reasonable part and proportion towards the charge thereof That then it shall and may be lawfull

A.D. 1670.

22° Cab. II. c. 11

667

to or for any one or more of such Co partners Joynt tennants, Tennants in common or others haveing Estate or Interest in any the Rooraes Stories or Parts thereof as aforesaid that will rebuild the said House or Houses to cause such House or. Houses to be wholly rebuilt in such sort and manner as the same was or were before the said late Fire or as neare thereunto as conveniently may be (the present Modell of Building considered) and respect bang had to the different Interests of the partyes concerned as aforesaid, and the same House or Houses soe rebuilt to holde and enjoy to his and their owne proper use and benefit untill that he or they shall be fully satisfyed and reimbursed all such, and soe much of the change of such building as in a due proportion ought to have beene contributed or allowed towards the building thereof by such Co-partners Joynt-tennants Tennants in common or others haveing such Estate or Interest as aforesaid according to his or their Estate or Interest therein

as aforesaid together with Dammages for the same after the rate of Six pounds per Cent per Annu for the

forbearance thereof to be accompted from the covering of the said Building; And in case of negcled or refusal 1 to sadsfie and pay such proportion of the charge of rebuilding thereof by the space of Two yeares to be accompted from the covering as aforesaid that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Rebuilders from and after the end and expiration of the said Two yeares to be accompted as aforesaid paying to such Copartners Joynt tennants Tennants in common or others haveing such Estate or Interest as aforesaid therein; soe much as such their Estate or Interest shall be reasonably worth, or upon tender and refusall thereof to hold and enjoy such House or Houses soe rebuilt as aforesaid wholly and indrely against the partyes soe refuseing their Heires Executors Administrators Successors and Assignes for and dureing the continuance of such joynt or other Estate or Interest aforesaid as the parde or partyes by whome such House or Houses shall be soe rebuilt had in the same or in

any Roome Story or other part thereof; And in case any Difference shall happen betweene such Builders, and

any the partyes refuseing to build as aforesaid concerning the charge of rebuilding the same; or concerning the

value of the Estate or Interest of the partyes soe refuseing to build as aforesaid, and what money ought to be

paid or given for the same by such Rebuilder after such dme and in manner as aforesaid; that then the same

shall be referred to the Surveyours to be appointed for the said City for the dme being, who, or any two

of them shall and may upon their view adjudge estimate and determine the same respectively; And in case the said partyes or either of them shall refuse to submitt to such the judgement and determination of the said Surveyours, that then the said matters shall be referred to the examination of the said Maior and Court of Aldermen who shall heare and finally determine the same without further Appeale;

And bee it further enacted and declared That where there were severall Owners or others interested of, or in severall Roomes Stories or other parts of any House or Houses which shall or may obstru& or hinder the makeing of the Parde walls intire and upright; and that the partyes therein concerned cannot or will not come to an Agreement touching the same; that then it shall be referred to the said Surveyours for the dme being or any two of them to determine the difference thereby ariseing (if they can) who shall and may order and appointe an indifferent exchange to be made betweene the said partyes [by1] dividing their Ground, Roomes or Stories, or otherwise as to them shall seeme most meete and reasonable for accommodateing of their severall Interests, or otherwise shall and may award satisfaction to be given in money to such of the said partyes as there shall be cause to the intent the Walls may be made upright according to the direction of the aforesaid Act for rebuilding; And in case the partyes therein concerned or either or any of them shall refuse to submitt to such the Order and Determination of the said Surveyours that then the said matter shall be referred to the said Maior and Court of Aldermen to heare and finally determine the same without further Appeale.

And whereas the Way or Passage of Holbourne bridge is now too straight and incommodious for the many Carriages and Passengers dayly useing and frequenting the same and is therefore necessary to be enlarged Bee it therefore likewise enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for the said Maior, Aldermen and Commons soe to enlarge and make wider the same as that the said Way and Passage may runn in a Bevill Line from a certaine Timber house on the North side thereof commonly called or knowne by the Name or Signe of the Cocke unto the Front of the Buildings of a certaine Inne called the Swan Inne scituate on the North side of Holbourne Hill as aforesaid.

And to prevent any doubts that may hereafter arise concerning Corner peeres and with what Materialls the same ought to be made Bee it enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid That all Corner peeres of Stone or Bricke hereafter to be erected shall be of the Demensions of the Peeres of Stone mentioned in the said Act; And that it be left to the liberty of all and every the Builders of Corner houses to use a substantiall Post of Oake Timber to prevent the danger that may happen by Carts and Carriages instead of the Corner peere of Bricke or Stone of such Demensions and Scantlings as the Surveyours of the said City shall direct and appoint; The said Act or any thing therein contayned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it enacted That the Water from the tops of all Houses already built since the late Fire, and hereafter to be built and fronting or that shall front upon any the Streets, Lanes or Passages within the said City and Libertyes shall bee carryed and conveyed into the Channells by Pipes and Partie pipes (as the case shall require) to be brought downe on the Sides or Fronts of the said Houses.

' interlined on the Roll.

In cue of Negle&t ftc. to pay Proportion of rebuilding within Two Yean from the covering in Rebuilder* paying or tendering to their Co-partners the Value of their Estate may enjoy.

Difference about Charge of building to be determined by the City Surveyors, or by the Mayor and Court of Aldermen.

V.

Difference about Party Walls to be determined in the like manner.

V!.

Holborn Bridge Passage to be enlarged.

VII.

The Dimension of Corner Piers.

Posts of Oak may be used for Corner Piers.

VIII. Water from Tops of Houses to be carried down by Pipes.

668

22° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1670.

IX.

Recital of i8& 19 Car. II. c.8. $32.

(19C.11. c.3.^34.) Thaon Street, fcc. to be raiaed Three Foot at least.

Breadth of the Streets and Passages.

The enlarged Passage from Cheapdde to the Thames confirmed.

Owners of Grounds to take Notice of Stakes.

Levels and Marks for raising and •inking of Streets to be observed.

X.

Proviso in resnedt of Houses bunt or that were in building before thei4th May 1668.

Surveyors refusing to do their Duty

Appeal to Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen.

XI.

Recital of

18fit 19C.IL c.8.

(19 Car. II. c. 5.)

No Builders to lay Foundation till Surveyor has viewed the same.

XII. Builders to pay to the Chamberlain of London 6s. 8d. before they lay their Foundation.

XIII.

So in respect of Builders who have laid Foundation since the

188t19C.II. c.8. (19C.II. c.3.)

Action for Chamberlain.

And whereas by the said Act for the rebuilding of the said City of London It is alsoe enabled for the preventing of Inundations and for easines of assent That the Streete called Thames streete and all the Ground betweene the said Streete and the River of Thames should be raised and made higher by three Foote at the least above the surface of the Ground as then it lay. And alsoe that the Lord Maior and Aldermen of London should and might open and enlarge a Streete or Passage to the River of Thames from Cheapeside through Soaper lane, and to Thames streete and thenceforth to the River of Thames And from [the1] Three Cranes to the Thames aforesaid; and to make the same Streets and Passages sower and twenty Foote in Breadth. Now for prevention of any doubt that may arise touching the manner of cutting the said Streets and ordering the same; and to the end the said Streete called Thames streete and the Ground betweene the same and the River of Thames may be raised according to the intent of the said Act ; and that other Streetes and Passages leadeing to and from the same may be answerable to their Levells thereunto, and that the steepenes and difficultie of the riseing and assent from the said River may with the more ease be abated Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the said Streetes or Passages from Cheapeside through Soaper lane to Thames streete and thenceforth to the River of Thames, and alsoe from the Three Cranes to the said River shall be and remaine in such manner and forme as now they are; Any matter or thing to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. And all Owners, Occupiers and all other person or persons any way interested of, or in any the Grounds soe staked and sett out for the cutting, opening and enlargeing of the said Streets, Lanes or Passages or any of them are hereby required to take notice thereof, and to conforme thereunto accordingly. And alsoe that the Levells and Markes for raiseing or sinkeing aswell of the said Streete called Thames streete and the Ground betweene the same and the River of Thames as all other Streetes in and about the said City and Liberties thereof, in such manner as the same are or shall be appointed to be done before the twenty nineth day of September One thousand six hundred seaventy one by the Commissioners of Sewers and Pavements appointed by Act of Parlyament be henceforth observed in all places within the same.

Provided neverthelesse That where any House or Houses for Habitation have beene built or were in building within the said City and Liberties thereof on or before the Fowerteenth day of May in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and eight, at which time the said Rules and Levells for raiseing or sinkeing of the said Streetes were either not published or not generally knowne that it shall and may be lawfull for the said Surveyours (who are hereby authorized and required soe to doe) with as litle variation from the said Rule as conveniently may be soe, to alter the said Levells or Markes or any of them, as that the said Buildings soe

erected may receive as litle dammage thereby as may be; And if the said Surveyours or either of them upon

request and due notice to be given by the Owner or Occupyer of such House shall refuse to doe his and their duty herein; or the said Owner or Occupier shall have any just Exceptions to their determination in the premisses that then and in such case it shall and may be lawfull for the said Owner or Occupier of such House (soe thereby greived) to appeale by his Petition in Writeing to the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen, who upon deliberate heareing of both rides shall finally determine such Controverrie without further or other Appeale.

And whereas in and by the said Act for rebuilding of the said City It is further provided That the Surveyours by

vertue of the said Act appointed and every of them within their severall Precincts shall take care for the equall

setting out of all Party Walls and Party Peeres and that they permitt noe person to build either on the said Party Walls or on his owne contiguous Ground till the same be performed accordingly Now to the intent that all Exaftion in takeing the said Surveys, and that all Differences which may hereafter arise betweene any the said Builders may be prevented Bee it enacted That noe Builders bee permitted by the said Surveyours to lay his or their Foundations untill the said Surveyours or one of them according to the true intent of the said Act have first viewed the same and seene the said Party Walls and Peeres equally sett out accordingly;

For the defraying whereof and all incident charges of measureing, stakeing out, takeing the Level!, and surveying the said Streets and Grounds. Bee it further enacted That all and every the said Builders before his or their Foundation shall be laid, or such Survey taken, shall repaire to the Chamberlaine of London, and there enter his Name together with the Place where [the *] said Building is soe to be sett out, and pay downe to the said Chamberlaine the summe of six shillings and eight pence for every Foundation soe to be built respectively, upon Receipt whereof the said Chamberlaine shall give his Acquittance; which said Acquittance being produced to the said Surveyours or any of them, they and every of them are hereby required within three dayes next after such Request to survey and sett out all and every the said Foundations accordingly.

And bee it further enacted That all and every the said Builders who have at any time since the makeing of the said Act for rebuilding the said City laid any Foundations to be built upon shall forthwith pay unto the Chamberlaine aforesaid for every the Foundations severally erected to be inhabited the summe of Six shillings and eight pence unlesse the same hath beene formerly paid, And in defaulte thereof it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Chamberlaine for the time being by Action of Debt to be commenced in the Name of the said Chamberlaine in the Kings Majestyes Court to be holden in the Chamber of the Guild hall of the said City before the Lord Maior and Aldermen of the same City to recover the same, in which Action noe Essoyne or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

22° Car. II. c. 11.

669

And whereas it is provided in and by the said Act That all Differences ariseing betweene any the Builders within the said City or Liberties thereof concerning the true Value of Party Walls, and all Differences ariseing betweene the said Builders or any others concerning placeing ofjstopeing up of any Lights Wind owes, Watercourses or Gutters which may hinder or retard the said Buildings shall and may be heard mediated and determined (if it may be) by the Alderman of the Ward where the cause of any such Difference shall arise and his Deputy; and where the said Alderman and his Deputie or any of them be concerned as partyes in the Controversies, or that they cannot determine the said Differences that then and in every such case the same be certifyed by the said Alderman or his Deputy unconcerned therein to the said Maior and Court of Aldermen who upon deliberate heareing of all party es shall finally determine the same without further Appeale; Neverthelesse in the said Act there is noe certaine Penaltie provided for such as shall obstinately refuse to obey the said Determination; Now to the end there may be a due Obeidience yeilded to such Determinations as have beene or shall be made in any of the cases last mentioned and in all other Cases hereby left to the finall Determination of the said Maior and Court of Aldermen; Bee it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That all and every parrie and partyes any way concerned to give obeidience to any such Determination as aforesaid shall obey and performe the same under such paines and penaltyes as by the said Act are or may be inflicted upon the Builder or Levyer of any irregular built House contrary to the meaning of the same late Ad.

Amo bee it further enacted That all Differences which shall or may arise concerning the misplaceing, straightning or stopping up or any wayes obstructing any common or private Entryes [Allies1] Wayes Staires Landing Places or Passages, Houses of Office, Tunnells, Draughts, and other Easements heretofore used & enjoyed within the said City of London or the Libertyes thereof shall and may by vertue of this Act be heard, mediated and determined (if it may be) by the Alderman of the Ward where the Cause of any such Difference shall arise and his Deputie; And where the said Alderman and his Deputy or one of them be concerned as Partyes in the said Controversie, or that they cannot determine the same Differences that then upon the complaint of the partie or partyes concerned, to the said Maior and Court of Aldermen they shall heare and finally determine the same in such manner as by the aforesaid Act for the rebuilding of the said City of London is appointed in case of differences concerning placeing and stopping of Lights, Windowes and Watercourses, And all partyes concerned are hereby required to obey and submitt to such their Determination under such and the like penaltyes as by the aforesaid Act are or may be inflicted upon such irregular Builders as aforesaid. And that all such obstrudions aswell where any Lights, Windowes Watercourses or Gutters are or shall be hindred and stopped up, as whereby any common or [private1] Allyes, Entryes, Wayes, Staires, Landing Places or Passages are or shall be stopped up, straightned or misplaced as aforesaid shall and may by Order of the said Maior and Court of Aldermen be abated and removed by vertue of this Act.

And forasmuch as great Exactions have beene and are exercised by Wharfingers and others imployed about the Wharfage and Cranage of Goods landed or shipped off, at or from the said City of London, For remedy thereof

Bee it enacted That such Rates and noe other shall from time to time be taken for Wharfage and Cranage aswell

of Timber and other Materialls for building as of Coles and other Goods and Merchandizes as by his said Majestie with the Advice of his Privy Councell shall for that purpose be assessed and allowed to be taken, a Table of which Rates shall .be hanged up at every of the said Wharfes respectively, And if any Wharfinger or other shall exact or demand, or directly or indirectly, take or receive for Wharfage or Cranage, or by colour thereof, more then according to the Rates which shall be soe assessed, or shall refuse to suffer any Goods or Merchandize to be landed or shipped at [of1] or from any Wharfe or Wharfes within the said City or the Liberties thereof at the Rates aforesaid, such Offender shall forfeite for every such offence the summe of Ten pounds to the partie or partyes thereby greived to be recovered with full Costs of Suite by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty es Courts of Record at Westminster or within the said City of London as the cause shall arise, wherein noe Essoyne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more then one Imparlance.

And whereas the aforesaid AS for erecting a Judicature for determination of Differences touching Houses burned or demolished by the reason of the late Fire which happened in London, is expired, and for that there were many Causes brought before the said Judicature which are yet undetermined, and diverse other Causes proper to receive a determination before the said Justices and Barons which they found not to be within the authoritie given them by the aforesaid Act; and that many*more differences doe and may arise which could not be heard and determined within the time limited by the said Act: And for a further and additionall authoritie to the said Justices and Barons to heare and determine all the aforesaid differences and for a more easy Execution of the said authoritie It is hereby further enacted and declared That the same Ad and the Judicature thereby erected and all and every the Powers and Authorityes thereby given to the Justices of the Court of Kings Bench and Common

Pleas and Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the time being or any three or more of them and all other

matters and things therein contained shall from henceforth stand and be revived and remaine in full force untill the Twenty nineth day of September One thousand six hundred seaventy one Any clause, matter or thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That the terme of forty yeares shall not be added to any Estate for life, or terme of yeares in being soe as thereby to make the whole terme exceede the number of sixty yeares by any Decree hereafter to be made by vertue of this or the said former Act.*]

XIV. Difference about the true Value of Party Walla, •topping Lights, &c. to be decided by Alderman of Ward or his Deputy or by Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen.

Not obeying such Determination;

Penalty.

XV.

Difference concerning obstructing Common Ways, Passages, &c. to be determined by Alderman of Ward or his Deputy, or by Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen.

Not obeying such Determination;

Penalty. Obstrudions to be abated.

XVI.

Rates for Wharfage and Cranage to be assessed by His Majesty and Privy Council.

Tabic of Rates to be hung up at Wharfs. Exading higher Rates, or refusing to suffer Goods to be landed, &c.

Penalty s&io.

XVII. Recital that 18 8c 19 C.I1. c. 7. (19C.II. c. 2.) is expired; and that divers Causes thereunder remained

undetermined, &c.

The said Act revived, with an additional Authority to the Judges.

XVIII.

No Term to exceed Sixty Years.

8 H

22° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1670.

XXX. Complaints to be exhibited before the 29th Sept. 1670, otherwise Landlords, &c. may re-enter and rebuild.

XX. Lessees for Years omitting to build, and Landlords having begun to rebuild, &c. such Lessees to lose their Term.

Paovidbd alwayes and it is hereby declared That the said Judges and Barons the respective Courts aforesaid or any of them shall not take Cognizance of; nor proceede to heare or determine any Differences or Demands which have arisen or may in any wise arise betweene any Landlords, Proprietors, Tenants, Lessees, Under Tennants, or late Occupiers of any the said Houses or Buildings or any other matter or things by the aforesaid Act in that behalfe made referred to the determination of the said Judicature upon any Complaint or Request Midpase the same shall bee exhibited or depending before the said Judicature at or before the twenty ninth day of September One thousand six hundred and seaventy; And that in all such cases where noe Complaint or Request shall before that time be exhibited or depending before the said Judges and Barons it shall and may be lawfull to and for all Landlords and Proprietors from and after the [said ‘] twenty ninth day of September One thousand six hundred and seaventy to reenter upon the Ground or Soyle to be rebuilt upon, and to avoid the Interest and Terme aswell of the Tennants in possession, as all other Mean-Tennants and to rebuild thereupon, whereby to preserve his or their Estate or Interest therein from being sold by the said Maior, Aldermen and Common Counceli by vertue of the said late Act for rebuilding the City of London.

And whereas diverse Lessees for yeares haveing Termes to come at the time of the said Fire have omitted to rebuild, and their Landlords for saveing their Inheritances from forfeiture have rebuilt, or begunn to rebuild Houses thereupon, and many of them have lett the same to other Tennants who with their Trades and Familes are setled therein; To the end the said Rebuilders and their Assignes may not bee disquieted in their Possessions Bee it enacted That where any Termer for yeares to come at the time of the said Fire hath soe ommitted to rebuild; and the Landlord or his Assignee or Assignees hath rebuilt or begunn to rebuild, that the Leases of such Termors who have ommitted to rebuild be from henceforth absolutely void; Neverthelesse the said Judges are hereby authorized to award such Controbution or Recompence to the said Termors as they shall thinke fitt.

XXL Decrees signed by surviving Judge or Judges effectual in certain Cases.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if after any Order, Judgement or Decree hath beene or hereafter shall be pronounced by any three or more of the said Justices or Barons, any one or more of the reid Justices or Barons soe pronounceing the same are already dead or shall die before such Order Judgement or Decree shall be signed according to the said recited Act, the Signing thereof by the Survivour or Survivours of the said Justices and Barons shall be as good and effectuall to all intents and purposes as if the same were signed by Three or more of the said Justices and Barons, Any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXII. Persons being absent or beyond Sea, the Court, after Three Months, may determine.

XXIII. Leases to be made according to Decree of the said Judicature and adjudged good.

Present and additional Terms may be united in one Lease.

XXIV. Justices and Barons may appoint a Seal

XXV. Decrees bow to be made against Infants.

And bee it enacted by the authoride aforesaid That where any person or persons concerned in any of the demolished premisses is or shall be beyond the Seas, or cannot be found or summoned to appeare in the said Court, that upon the Complaint or Petition of the Partie agreived filed in the said Court for the space of three monethes or more, and Oath in Writeing made of the endeavour to summon such absent person or persons. That then the said Court shall or may after the end of the said three moneths proceede to heare and determine the said Cause; And that such Order, Judgement or Decree as the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them shall make in such case shall be binding to such absent person or persons their Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes as if he or they were actually summoned and present at the making such Decree.

And alsoe bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That for the avoiding difficultyes in the recovering of Rents, and for the ascertaining of Covenants Termes and Conditions ordered or to be ordered or decreed according to this or the said recited Act, All and every person and persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate respectively bound by such Order or Decree their respective Heires Successors and Assignes shall and may execute Leases and Counterparts thereof according to the tenoure of the said Orders and Decrees, and they are thereunto required by vertue of this present Act, All which Leases shall be binding and good in Law. Any Law Statute or Inability whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding. And that where Leases in reversion or additionall Termes are or shall be ordered or decreed by force of this or the said recited Act the respective Partyes concerned shall or may at their pleasure unite & joyne together both the present and additionall Termes into one Lease which shall be good and effectuall against the Lessors their Heires Executors Successors and Assignes Any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custome whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

And bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the said Justices and Barons or the greater number of them shall or may appoint a Seale to be and remaine with the Register of the said Court for the sealeing of all Warrants, and that all such Warrants which shall be sealed with the said Seale and signed by the said Register for the summoning or warning any persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate concerned in the late demolished Houses and Premisses, or Witnesses shall oblige them to appeare according to the tenoure of such Warrants. Any thing in the said former Act to the contrary [thereof1] notwithstanding.

And bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That where the Inheritance or other Estate of or in any of the said Houses or Premisses are or shall be in any Infant or Infants under the age of One and twenty yeares or in any Trustees for them or any of them, It shall be in the Power of the said Justices and Barons or any Three or more of them upon the Petition of the Father, Mother or next of Kinn, or other Friend to such Infant or Infants

A.D. 1670.

22° Car. II. c. 11.

671

to order or decree a Lease or Leases against such Infant or Infants and their Trustees for any terme or termes of yeares not exceeding Fifty one yeares in the whole to such Father Mother or other person that shall or will undertake the rebuilding of such Houses at and under such Rent or Rents, and under such Covenants, Conditions and Agreements as they the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them shall thinke fitt and adjudge; which said Leases and Termes soe decreed shall and may be held and enjoyed accordingly by vertue of this present Act; And that such Infant or Infants upon request after they shall attaine to their respective ages of One and twenty yeares; and in case of the death of such Infant or Infants, his and their Heires Executors or Administrators shall and are hereby required to execute such Leases accordingly; and the respective Tennants the Counterparts thereof.

And bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the encouragement of Builders and secureing their Estates, every Order Judgement and Decree that hath beene or shall hereafter be made by the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them by force of this or the said recited Act touching the Interests and Estates of Tennants in Taile shall conclude and binde aswell Tennants in Taile and their Issues as alsoe the Estates in Remainder and Reversion according to the tenor of such [Order1] Judgement or Decree,

And for better secureing the Estates of the said Builders Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons and their Executors Administrators and Assignes who are or shall be decreed by the said Judicature to build any Messuages or Tenements or any the said demolished Premisses upon any Terme or Estates rendering an annuall Rent, have or shall build the same accordingly shall hold and enjoy such their severall and respective Termes and Estates under the Rents and Covenants decreed notwithstanding any other Estate, Right, Title, Interest in Law or Equity Trust Charge or other Incumbrance whatsoever.

And for the better obligeing of all psons to the performance of the Orders and Decrees made or to be made by the said Judicature Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That where any person or persons are or shall be ordered or decreed to pay any Rate, Contribution, Summe or Summes of Money in pursuance of this or the said recited Act for erecting the said Judicature it shall be lawfull for the partyes concerned upon non-payment thereof to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt, or upon the Case in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminister or within the City of London, and to give such Order or Decree in Evidence to prove the same; In which Action noe Essoyne, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed; And where any person or persons are or shall be ordered, adjudged or decreed to build, seale a Lease, give Security, or doe any other Act in pursuance of this or the aforesaid Act, It shall and may be lawfull for the partie or partyes concerned, in default of performance thereof by Action upon his Case, to be brought in any of his said Majestyes Courts of Record aforesaid to recover Dammages for such non performance, or to have or bring his Bill in any Court of Equity to inforce the aduall performance of the same;

And bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for the said Justices and Barons or any of them out of Court to administer Oathes and take Affidavits in Writeing concerning any matter relateing to the proceedings in the said Judicature, which Affidavits shall or may be made use of in Court as the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them shall thinke fitt.

And whereas some Orders and Decrees in the late Court of Judicature erected by the late Ad of Parlyament touching the houses burnt in London were made the same weeke that the power of the said Court of Judicature determined whereby the partyes concerned had not the same time and liberty of exception and appeale as others had; Bee it therefore provided and enacted by this present Parlyament and the authoritie thereof That where any such Order or Decree was made by a lesser number of Justices and Barons then Seaven, if the said Order or Decree were made since the One and twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixtie and eight, It shall be lawfull for any persons agrieved by such Order or Decree to present their Exceptions to the same in Writeing within Seaven dayes next after the first sitting of the said Justices and Barons by vertue of this present Act; And that the same Examination, Proceedings, Review and Determination shall be thereupon had and made, and as effectually to all intents as if the said Exceptions had beene presented within the due time limitted and appointed by the said late Act of Parliament. Any thing in this or the said late Ad of Parlyament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas there were severall Houses in the City of London consumed by Fire within three yeares next before the said late dreadfull Fire which by reason of some differences and doubts ariseing in point of Title the same were not, nor are likely to be rebuilt unlesse some course be taken for the decideing of such differences For remedy whereof Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the said Judges and Barons or any three or more of them be and are hereby authorized and impowered to he&re and determine all such cases for all such Houses and Tenements as fully and amply and in like manner to all intents and purposes as they can or may heare and determine any other matter herein mentioned; And all Decrees and Orders in such cases to be made shall binde and be obeyed by all partyes therein concerned and shall be of like effect as if the same were made for any other matter or thing herein mentioned.

Infants attaining Age, or dying before, then their Heirs, &c. to execute Leases.

XXVI. Orders to bind Tenants in Tail, and also Reversioners, See.

XXVII. Persons decreed to build rendering an annual Rent, may build and enjoy.

XXVIII. Actions may be brought to enforce the Performance of the Judges Decrees.

XXIX. Justices and Barons may administer Oaths out of Court.

XXX. Recital that in certain Cases the Party had not time to appeal.

Appeals allowed in such Cases.

XXXI. Further Power given to the Judges as to certain Houses burnt before the great Fire.

22° Car. II. c. 11.

.0.1670.

XXXII. Recital that by reason of making certain Streets direr* Slips of Ground are rendered useless.

Justices and Barons to determine Controversies respeding the same.

Jury to be impannelled.

Orders made therein to bind;

and Parties may hold and enjoy accordingly.

And whereas by reason of inlargeing severall Streets, and of makeing the new Streets called Kings streete leading from Guild hall into Cheapeside and Queene streete leading from Soaper lane to the River of Thames there are diverse slipps and small parcells of ground remaineing altogether uselesse to the Owners thereof in reguard the same are not capeable of any house being built thereupon It is therefore hereby further provided and enacted That for the makeing the said Streets and Buildings conformable, and for the better determining of all Controversies concerning the same that the said Justices and Barons or any Three or more of them be and are hereby authorized and impowered to heare and determine all Controversies and Differences ariseing by reason or occasion thereof in like manner as they can or may heare or determine any other Matter or Cause referred to their Judgement by vertue of this or the aforesaid Act for erecting the said Judicature and may make such Orders and Decrees either for [the1] transferring the propriety of such parcells of Ground left next the said Streets to the Owners of the backeward Ground, or by transferring the propriety of a proportion of the backeward Ground to the Owners of any the said small parcells of Ground, or by annexing it to the next adjoyning and contiguous Ground in order to the regular building thereupon; And for all such parcells of Ground the propriety whereof shall be soe transferred by such Order or Decree of the said Justices and Barons or any Three or more of them as aforesaid and for all Charges and Damages concerning the same such Recompence and Satisfaction shall be given by the Builders to the respective Proprietors and others interested therein as shall be awarded by a Jury for that purpose to be impannelled by the Lord Maior and Court of [Alderman *] in like manner as by the aforesaid Act for rebuilding the said City of London is appointed in case of satisfaction to be given for grounds taken and imployed for the uses in that Ad mentioned in case the partyes concerned will not, or by reason of Infancy or other impediment cannot come to agreement touching the same; Which Orders and Decrees in that behalfe to be made shall binde all partyes therein concerned, their Heires, Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assignes and shall be of like effect as other Decrees made by the said Justices and Barons or any Three or more of them by vertue of this or the aforesaid Act, to the intent that the Building thereupon may extend to the said Streets, in a right line with other Houses there built, and the Owners and others interested of and in the said adjacent and contiguous Grounds paying to the Owners and others interested, of and in the said small slipps and parcells of Ground such satisfaction as shall be ordered and awarded by the said Justices arid Barons or any Three or more of them upon heareing of the partyes concerned (who are hereby authorized and impowered to heare and determine the mg, and therein to make such Orders and Decrees as in other Causes referred to their Judgement and Determination by this or the aforesaid Act) shall and may for ever holde and enjoy the same by vertue of this present Act*

XXXIII. Recital that by 18 & 19 Car. II. c.8. $34.

(i9C. ll. c.3. J36.) an Imposition on Seacoals, and all other Coals, should be paid to the Mayor, See and employed for enlarging the Streets, and other public Works, from the 24th June 1667 to 24th June 1677. but that greater Sums are required.

A Duty to be paid on all such Coals imported from tst Slay 1670 to 29th Sept. 1687.

Rules and Authorities of 18 & 19 C. 11. c.8. $34-(19 C. II. 0.3.$ 36.) and other Powers in force for collecting the said Duty.

And whereas for the further enableing of the said Maior and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of

London and their Successors to performe and accomplish the workes in the said Act for rebuilding the said City

mentioned It was thereby enacted That for all sortes of Coles, which from and after the Twenty fourth day of June One thousand six hundred sixtie seaven, and before the Twenty fourth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven should be brought into the Port of London or River of Thames within the Liberties of the said City upon the same River to be sould there should be paid by way of Imposition thereupon for every Chauldron or Tunn of Coles the summe of Twelve pence to be answered to the said Maior and Commonaltie & Citizens and their Deputyes and Assignes and to be applyed and disposed unto and for the satisfaction of such persons whose Grounds should by vertue [and in pursuance1] of the said Act be taken and imployed for the inlargeing of the Streets and narrow Passages within the said City and other uses and purposes in the said Act mentioned: But forasmuch as it doth and will require farr greater summes of money to give satisfaction for the Ground to be taken and employed for the enlargeing of the Streetes by this and the aforesaid Act appointed to be enlarged,

and for publique Market places and other the publique uses and purposes in this Act mentioned then at the time

of the passing of the said Act was or could be foreseene, Therefore for the further enableing of the said Maior, Commonaltie and Citizens of the said City and their Successors to performe the Workes in this and the said Act for rebuilding mentioned, And alsoe for the rebuilding of the respective Parish Churches by this Act appoynted to be rebuilt, Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That for all sortes of Coles which (from and after the First day of May One thousand six hundred and seaventy, and before the Twenty ninth day of September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty seaven) shall be imported and brought into the [said1] Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames within the Liberties of the said City upon the same River there shall be paid by way of Imposition thereupon according to the Rates hereafter mentioned (that is to say) for all such Coles as shall be there imported and brought in from and after the said First day of May One thousand six hundred and seaventy and before the Twenty fourth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven there shall be paid for every Chauldron or Tunn thereof Two shillings over and beside the aforesaid Imposition of Twelve pence the Chauldron or Tunn by the said Act for the rebuilding the City of London appointed to be paid. And for all such Coles which shall be there imported and brought in from and after the said Fower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven and before the [said'] Twenty ninth day of September One thousand six hundred eighty seaven, there shall be paid for every Chaldron or Tunn thereof Three shillings and the same shall by vertue of this A d be collected leavyed and paid in such sort and manner in all and every respect as in and by the said Act is limitted and appointed for the collecting and leavying the Duty of Twelve pence the Chauldron or Tunn of Coles imposed by the said Act, and all and every the powers, authorities, directions and provisions in, or by the said Act mentioned or provided for the leavying and collecting thereof, or for the ordering or regulateing the payment of the said Cole-meters, or others in the discharge

A. I). 16*70.

22° Car. II. c. 11.

673

of their respective Offices and Dutyes, or for the preventing of Fraude and Covin, and discovery of the just Quantityes of all sortes of Coles to be imported as aforesaid, and all other things relateing thereunto shall remaine and be in force and by vertue of this present Act shall and may be exercised and putt in ure for the collecting and lea vying the severall Dutyes aforesaid and of either of them respectively according to the purport and effect of the aforesaid A d in all and every respect: and that for and dureing all the time by this Act limitted and appointed for the payment of the said Impositions or either of them respectively, as if the same were expressely mentioned in this present Act with reference to the said Impositions thereby imposed; all which moneyes soe to be received upon accompt of the said respective Impositions or either of them shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the City of London, and from thence shall be issued and paid according to the direction and appointment of this present Act and not otherwise; And the said Chamber of the City of London shall stand and be charged with all the residue of the said moneyes there paid in, which shall not be issued out and paid accordingly.

And bee it further enacted That all and every Summe and Summes of money which shall be raised upon the Receipt of the severall and respective Impositions aforesaid, or by such additionall Duty, in case of concealement thereof, as by the aforesaid Act is appointed shall be imployed and disposed in manner and forme following (that is to say) Three fourth parts of all the moneyes which from and after the said First day of May One thousand six hundred seaventy and before the said Twenty fourth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven shall be raised or payable upon the Receipt of the aforesaid Imposition of Two shillings for every Chaldron or Tunn of Coles, or in case of concealment thereof as aforesaid shall be imployed and disposed for and towards the rebuilding, erecting or repaireing of the said Parish Churches respectively according to such Order and Direction as by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Bishop, and Lord Maior of London for the time being or any two of them shall be given in that behalfe, and the same shall from time to time be issued out and paid accordingly unto such person and persons as they or any two of them shall by Warrant under their Hands and Seales for that purpose direct and appoint; And the other fourth part residue thereof shall be imployed for and towards the giveing Satisfaction for Grounds sett out and imployed for inlargeing of the Street es, makeing of Wharfes, Keyes, Publique Market places, and other Publique uses in this and the aforesaid Act mentioned and appoynted ; And that one moyety of all the moneyes which from and after the said twenty fourth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven shall be raised or payable upon the aforesaid Imposition of Three shillings the Chaldron or Tunn of Coles, or in case of concealement thereof as aforesaid shall be imployed and disposed for and towards the rebuilding erecting and repaireing of the said respective Parish Churches by such Order and Direction, and to be issued and paid by such Warrant of the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop and Lord Maior of London for the time being as aforesaid: And the other moity thereof shall from time to time be imployed and disposed for the giveing of Satisfaction for Ground sett out and imployed as aforesaid, and such other publique uses and purposes as in this and the aforesaid Act are mentioned and appointed.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authorise aforesaid That for all moneyes ariseing upon the

Receipt of the severall Impositions aforesaid or either of them respectively, which in pursuance of this Act shall

be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, It shall and may be lawfull for the Chamberlaine or such other person or persons who shall be appointed to issue out and pay the same, thereout to defaulke and retaine for the use of the said Maior and Comonalty and Citizens of the said City and their Successors the summe of

Ten shillings for every hundred pounds, and soe after that rate for any greater or lesser summe thereof in lieu of

the Trouble, Hazard, and incident Charges attending the Receipt and Payment thereof.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Bishop of London and Lord Maior of London for the time being or any two of them as aforesaid to imploy or dispose for and towards the building, [or1] repaireing the Cathedrall Church of Saint Paul One fourth part of the money by this Act given and appointed for the building, erecting or repaireing the Parish Churches aforesaid.

Duties paid into the Chamber of London, and thence issued for the Purposes of Ad*

XXXIV. How the Money

received by means of the several Impositions are to be disposed, and by whose Order and Direction.

XXXV.

Ten Shillings out of every j£iooto be retained by the Chamberlain, &c. out of the Duty for the Use of the Corporation of London.

XXXVI.

One Fourth of the Money for Repair, &c. of Churches may be employed in Repair of St. Paul's Church.

And forasmuch as the moneyes to be raised by such Receipt of the Impositions aforesaid for every Chaldron or Tun of Coles by vertue of this and the aforesaid Act will not at present raise such a stocke or summe of money as may be sufficient for the effecting the ends and purposes in this and the aforesaid Act mentioned and intended. It is hereby further enacted and declared That the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Maior of London for the time being, shall bee and are hereby impowered by Indenture under their Hands and Seales to engage the proffitts ariseing of the respective Impositions, by this Act imposed, and thereby appointed to be imployed for and towards the rebuilding and erecting or repaireing of the Cathedrall and Parish Churches within the said City respectively or any part or parts thereof as a Security for any summe or summes of money, by them to be borrowed for that purpose to any person or persons that shall or will advance any [summe or1] summes of money upon that Security ; All which moneys soe to be borrowed shall be imployed for and towards the rebuilding and erecting or repaireing of the said Cathedrall and Parish Churches respectively according to the true intent and meaning of this Act. And in like manner alsoe are hereby further impowered to assigne such proportion or proportions of the moneys to be paid in course out of the said Impositions to the Parishioners of any the said respective Parish Churches, or any other person or persons who shall

XXXVII.

The said Duty may be engaged for Money to be borrowed.

How such Money to be employed.

Lord Mayor, &c. may assign Proportions of Duty to Lenders.

8 I

674

22° Cab. II. c. 11.

J.V.1670.

Residue of the said Impositions to be also engaged for other Monies.

and will secure the advancement of present moneyes for the rebuilding of their respective Parish Churches and shall be willing to accept of such Assignements for his or their satisfaction of the moneyes to be disbursed and laid out in the rebuilding thereof; And that the said Maior, Commonalde and Citizens of the City of London and their Successors shall be and are hereby enabled to engage the residue of the proffitts arisebg of the said Imposition either by vertue of this or the aforesaid Act respectively, as a Security for any summe or summes of money by them to be borrowed and taken up for that purpose by Indenture under their Common Seale to any person or persons that shall or will upon that Security advance any present summe or summes of money: All which summe or summes of money soe to be borrowed shall be imployed for and towards the makeing of such satisfaction and other the uses intents and purposes whereunto the said respective Impositions are by this and the aforesaid Act appointed to be converted and imployed and not otherwise; And alsoe in like manner shall and may assigne any summe or summes of money to be paid in course out of the said Imposition to any person or persons whose Grounds shall be taken as aforesaid, who are or shall be willing to accepte thereof for his or their satisfaction.

XXXVIII.

A new Key or Wharf to be made on a certain Trad of Ground from London Bridge to the Temple Forty Foot broad.

Buildings fronting to be of Second or Third Rate according to i8& 19C. II. c.8. (19C.II. c.3.)

XXXIX.

The said Trad of Ground to be open. Bounds to be distinguished only by Denter Stones.

Regulation as to Lighten, &c. lyingbefore the said wharf;

XL.

and as to lading and unlading Rates, &c. at the said Wharf.

XLI.

The Channel of Bridewell Dock from the Thames to Holborn Bridge to be made navigable.

Breadth of Wharfs, &c.

Buildings to front and be of the Second Rate, according to 18 8c 19C.II. c.8. (19Car.II. c.3.) Regulations as to Lighters, &c. lying before the Wharfs, and landing Goods;

And bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That for the better benefitt and accommodation of Trade and for other great Conveniendes there shall be left a continued Trad of Ground all along from London bridge to the Temple of the breadth of Forty Foote of Assize from the North side of the River of Thames to be converted to a Key, or publicke and open Wharfe, and that in order thereunto all Buildings, Sheds, Pales, Walls, Inclosures and other obstructions and impediments whatsoever now standing or being within Forty Foote Northward of the said River of Thames betweene the places aforesaid (Cranes, Staires and Dockes onely excepted) shall within eight monethes now next ensueing be taken downe and removed, and the said Ground cleared and levelled, and that from henceforth there shall be noe Building or Erection whatsoever (except onely Craines, Staires and Dockes as aforesaid) placed or sett within or upon the said Forty Foote of Ground or any part thereof betweene the places aforesaid, And that all Buildings that shall hereafter immediately border upon any part of the said Ground upon the North side thereof shall front and be placed in the Line that shall be sett out for the Bounds of the Breadth of the said Forty Foote of Ground Northward. And that the same Building

shall be of the Second or Third sorte or rate of Buildings mentioned in a former Act of this present Parlyament

entituled An Act for the rebuilding of the City of London at the Election of the builder thereof, wherein such regularity of Building shall be observed, and under such penaltyes as are contained in the said Act in that behalfe and wherein such Uniformity [alsoe1] shall be had as in other Streets of the said City except Common Halls for Companyes and other Buildings which shall be otherwise allowed of by his Majesde.

And bee it further enacted That all the said Trad of Ground of the said breadth of Forty Foote from the said River shall lie open and at large without any division or separation, and that the Bounds of each Proprietors Ground therein shall be distinguished onely by Denter stones to be placed in the Pavement thereof, And that the Line of the whole Key or Wharfe betweene the places aforesaid and alsoe the severall Cranes and Staires within the same places shall be ascertained by the direction of the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen, and sett out by their Surveyour accordingly with his Majestyes Approbation, on or before the Fower and twentyeth day

of June One thousand six hundred and seaventy, And further That noe Lighter, Boates or other Vessells shall

lye before any the said Wharfes or Keyes betweene the places aforesaid on the North side of the said River longer then shall be necessary for the ladeing or unladeing of Goods without the consent and permission of the Wharfingers or Proprietors thereof.

And bee it further enacted and declared That it shall and may be lawfoll for any person or persons to lade or unlade any Goods or Merchandices at any of the said Wharfes or Keyes for Wharfage and Cranage, whereof every Proprietor, Wharfinger or other Person concerned shall and may demand and receive such Rates and noe other for the same as shall from time to time be sett out and appointed by his Majestie with the advice of his Privy Councill.

And bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That for the further convenience of Trade the Channell of Bridewell docke from the Channell of the River of Thames to Holbourne bridge shall be sunke to a sufficient Levell, whereby to make it navigable. And that the Ground to be sett out for the breadth of the said Channell and of the Wharfes on each side thereof shall not be lesse in breadth then One hundred foote, nor shall exceede One hundred and twenty foote in breadth. And that the Line of the said Channell and Wharfes and Levells thereof together with the Cranes and Staires to be placed thereon shall be ascertained by the said Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen with his Majestyes Approbation, and sett out by the Surveyours accordingly at or before the first day of May next ensueing. And that all the said Wharfe ground on each side of the said intended River shall lye open and at large (Cranes and Staires onely excepted) without any division or separacbn, and each persons propriety therein to be distinguished onely by Denter stones in the pavement thereof, [And that all Buildings that shall hereafter immediately border upon each side of the said Wharfes shall front and be placed in the Line that shall be sett out for the bounds of the breadth of the Wharfes from the Channell, And that the said Buildings shall be of the second rate of Buildings mentioned in the said Act for rebuilding wherein such Regularity of Building shall be observed and under such penaltyes as are contained in the said Act, *] And that noe Lighter, Boate or Vessell shall lye before any the [said1] last mentioned Wharfes or Keyes longer then shall be necessary for the ladeing or unladeing of Goods without the consent or permission of the Wharfingers or Proprietors thereof.

A.D. 1670.

22° Car. II. c. 11.

675

And that it shall [and may*] be lawfull for any person or persons to land any Goods or [Merchandices *] at any of the said Wharfes or Keyes within the intended Channell or Cutt soe to be made for Wharfage & Cranage, whereof every Proprietor, Wharfinger or other person concerned shall demand and receive such Rates and noe other for the same as shall from time to time be sett and appointed by his said Majestie with the advice of his Privy Coundll as aforesaid. And that certaine reasonable Rates for Tolls and other Proffitts ariseing by the Navigation of the said Channell or Cutt shall be sett and appointed by the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen with Approbation of the Barons of the Exchequer or two or more of them and the same Tolls or Proffitts vested in the Maior Commonaltie and Citizens of the City of London for preservation of the said Navigation Sluces and other incident charges thereof.

and at to Rates to be set by the King and Council. Certain other Rates may be set by 1-ord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, with the Approbation of Two Barons of the Exchequer.

[Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted and declared That the sinking and makeing of the said intended Channell of Bridewell docke and Fleet ditch from the Channell of the Thames to Holbourne bridge and the Sasses and Sluces for the better Navigation thereon and the raiseing and sinkring [other3] Wharfes or Keyes on each side of the said Bridewell docke and Fleete ditch (whereby to bring the same to a Levell) shall be borne and first defrayed by the Maior and Commonaltie and Citizens of the said City of London out of the said fourth part of the Imposition to be raised upon Coles by vertue of this Act. And that the said Maior and Commonaltie and Citizens shall cause the said Chaunnells to be sunke and Wharfes or Keyes to be reduced to such a Levell as may be proper for the Proprietors of the Ground immediately bordering upon the said Wharfes or Keyes to build upon with convenient accesse thereto before the first of August One thousand six hundred and seaventy. And in the next place after the charge before mentioned shall be borne out of the said fourth part, satisfaction shall be made out of the same fourth part to the Proprietors whose Ground hath beene or shall be laid open, or from whom any Ground hath beene or shall be taken for the said publique use.4]

And whereas some parts of the said Ground soe as aforesaid designed for publique Wharfes on the North •side of the said River of Thames and on each side of the said Channell or Cutt will be much improved, and some other parts thereof will be much impaired in value by reason of converting the same to the uses aforesaid. To the end therefore that an equall and reasonable course may be held and used on each hand without wrong to any partie therein concerned Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That aswell for the giveing satisfaction to such persons whose Ground shall be imployed as aforesaid or thereby impaired or lessened in value, As alsoe for the assessing and raiseing of moneyes upon those that shall by the meanes aforesaid make improvement or melioration of any of the said Ground soe imployed. The same powers, authorities forme and course of proceedings shall in all things be used, exercised, putt in practice and observed as are by the said recited Act (made for the rebuilding of London) ordained, provided and appointed for satisfaction to be made for Ground imployed for the enlargement of Streets and Passages, and for assessments to be made in consideration of improvements and melioration of Houses and Ground, and that the retume of the Key about White-Fryers docke shall not exceede the breadth of Twenty Foote.

XL1J. How the Charge of uniting and making the said Channel to be defrayed.

XLIII.

Proceeding* for giving Satisfaction to Parties, and for assessing Monies in respect of making the said Wharfs, to be according to i8& I9C.II.C.8. (19 C. II. c. 3.)

Key at White Friars Dock.

And for the security and encouragement of such as have or shall rebuild upon the Scite of any House or Houses burned or demolished by reason of the said late Fire against secret Charges and Incumbrances wherewith or whereunto the same shall or may be charged or lyable Bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That noe such House or Houses already built, or to be rebuilt within the said City of London or Liberties thereof, nor the Owners or others interested therein shall after the rebuilding thereof be further lyable to the satisfaction of any charge or charges, incumbrance or incumbrances wherewith or whereunto the same are or may be lyable, by any matter or thing before the said late Fire, then the value of the Ground or Soyle in case the same had not beene rebuilt upon, might or would extend to sadsfie, unlesse such Charges or Incumbrances as were contracted thereupon by the now Owners or others interested therein who shall themselves be and remaine lyable to sadsfie the same as if this present Act had never beene had or made.

XLIV. Provision for Persons rebuilding, against secret Cnargcs and Incumbrances.

And whereas many Deeds Evidences and other Writrings were in the said Fire lost, burnt or imbezilled by which misfortune many persons who have Land in the said City are rendred unable to make their Right and Title soe apparent as can sadsfie such as would take Leases of their said Lands and build upon them Bee it enacted That if any person or persons who have beene lawfull Possessors and esteemed Owners of any Ground within the said City for the space of One and twenty yeares or more shall grant a Lease to any person or persons of the [said Land1] upon a valuable Ground rent soe to be esteemed by the said Maior and Aldermen or any three of them if the said Lands shall afterward be recovered from the said person soe granting That the Lease shall be good and valid the Builders onely paying the aforesaid Ground rent to the person unto whom the Ground shall rightly belong shall be freed from all charge and trouble, Any Law or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas the Water house at or neere Broken Wharfe was wholly burnt downe and consumed in the time of the late dreadful! Fire, which being found impossible to be rebuilt with Bricke the Owners thereof have at Owwraof Water-thrir very great charge lately rebuilded the said House with Timber and made the same usefull for serveing the house at Broken Inhabitants of the City with Water Bee it therefore enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid That the said rebuilding*^ same Owners and thdr Assignes are hereby and shall for ever hereafter be saved harmelesse and indempnifyed from with Timber, all trouble or penalties for or by reason of [their1] building the said House with Timber as aforesaid: Any

XLV. Twenty-one Yean Possession, or more, shall enable the Owner to make Leases.

XLVI.

22° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1670.

Proviso as to building the Water-nouse at London Bridge.

XLVII. Proviso as to leaving old Foundations unbuilt, paving new Streets allowed to be made, &c.

XLVII I.

A Street to open Fourteen Foot wide from Threadneedle Street to Lothbury.

XLIX.

Bury Street in Bea vis-Marks.

L.

Recital that many Builders have advanced their Foundations further than formerly, for the more regularity, &c. of the new Streets.

Indemnity to such Builders.

Giving Satisfaction to the Lord Mayor, &c.

LI.

Recital that the Company of Mercers are building a new School House, &c. . on the Scite of St. Paul's School.

The Scite of the late School, See. confirmed to the said Company $ the Residue of the said Scite vested in the Dean, dec. of St. Pauls.

LI I Proviso for Jje Churches of St.Pauls, St. Faith, and St. Gregory.

thing in this Act or in the former Act for rebuilding the City of London to the contrary thereof in any me notwithstanding. Provided That noe continuance of the said restraint from building shall extend to the Water house at London bridge but that the same may be built according as in the former Act is provided.

Provided alwayes That it may be lawfull for any person or persons fiodyes Poliitique or Corporate Owners and Proprietors of any such Ground meant or contained within this Act to leave any old Foundations of his or theirs unbuilt to make any new Streete or Passage or to enlarge any old one the said Owners or Proprietors takemg care within convenient time after their building sufficiently to pave and amend all such Streete and Passages. Any thing in this Act or one other Act endtuled An Act for rebuilding the City of London to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen shall be hereby impowered to cause a Streete to be opened fowerteene Foote wide if they shall thinke soe fitt from the West end of Thread-needle streete downe to Loathbury in case the Proprietors doe not voluntarily [soe1] open it before the Fower and twentyeth day of June next makeing such Allowances to the Owners and others interested as by the former Act for opening of Streets is directed; which Streete shall be and continue an open Streete for ever.

Provided alwayes and bee it [hereby*] enacted That the remainder of Bury streete in Beavis-Markes which is not yet new built may be built after the Patterne and Modell of the other new Building in the said Streete. Any thing in this or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas many Builders of Houses within the said City and the Liberties thereof have (for the more regularity of building and makeing many of the Streets and Lanes more straight and beautyfull then otherwise they [would *] have beene) by and with the appointment and approbation of the said Survey ours advanced their Foundations in many places further into the Streets and Lanes thereof upon the Soyle of the said Streets and Lanes then the same formerly stood, whereby some difference may hereafter possibly arise either betweene our Soveraigne Lord the King his Heires and Successors or betweene the Maior Commonalue and Citizens of the said City, or other Proprietors of the Ground soe built upon, and the said Builders or such person or persons Bodyes Poliitique and Corporate to whom the Inheritance of the said Houses soe built now doth or hereafter shall belong. For prevention whereof Bee it further enacted That all Ground and Soyle soe taken or which hereafter shall or may be soe taken out of the said Streets or Lanes or any of them shall from henceforth for ever be united and annexed to the said Houses. And that all and every person and persons whatsoever Bodyes Poliitique and Corporate giveing such satisfaction to his Majestie or to the said Maior Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, or other the respective Owners or Proprietors of the Ground soe built upon, and according to such rates as are or ought to be given and allowed for Ground taken and imployed for the enlargeing of Streets by vertue of the aforesaid Act for rebuilding the said City shall and may hold and enjoy the said respective parcells of Ground or Soyle soe built upon united and annexed to such Buildings for and dureing such Termes and Estates as he

and they respectively have or hereafter shall have of and in the said Houses and Buildings; Any matter or

thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas the Wardens and Commonaltie of the Mistery of the Mercers of the City of London are now building pursuant to a Designe approved of by his Majestie a new Schoole-house with Houses thereunto adjoyneing for the Acc5modation of the Master, Sur-master and Chaplain thereof partly upon the Scites and Toffs of the late Schoole called Saint Pauls-schoole and the former Houses of the said Masters and Chaplin, and partly upon some Ground next adjoyning being part of the Church-yard, belonging to the Cathedrall Church of Saint-Pauls London. And whereas other parts of the former Scite of the said late Schoole and of other Houses adjoyning have beene alsoe by his Majestyes directions cutt of and laid into the said Church-yard for the enlargement and accommodation of the Passage at the East end of the said Cathedrall. Bee it therefore enacted That soe much of the said Ground adjoyning to the Scite of the said late Schoole and former Houses as is comprised within the Foundation of the said new Schoole and Houses now building for the said Masters and Chaplain be and are hereby vested and seded on the said Wardens and Commonaltie and their Successors for ever, as the said late Schoole and former Houses

were before the said Fire: And that the said other parts of the former Scite of the said late Schoole and other

Houses adjoyning laid unto- the said Church-yard as aforesaid for the enlargement of the late Passage shall continue a Passage for ever, and be and are hereby vested and setled on the Deane and Chapter of the Cathedrall Church of Saint Pauls aforesaid and their Successors for ever as the residue of the said Church-yard is and was heretofore, Any thing in Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Provided alwayes That noe thing in this Act contained shall extend or be taken to vest or setle the Church of Saint Paul and Saint Faith or any part thereof or the Church of Saint Gregory by Saint Pauls or any of them, or the Church Yards to any of them belonging or appertaining, or any part of any of them, in the Maior, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London or any of them, or in any other person or persons Bodyes Poliitique or Corporate other then the Ground whereupon Saint Pauls Schoole and Houses thereunto belonging are by this Act appointed to be rebuilt. Any thing in this Act notwithstanding.3]

1 interlined on the Roll 0.

9 could 0.

5 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

j

A.D. 1670.

22° Car. II. c. 11.

677

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That whereas the Alley called Whites-Alley in Coleman streete London was not wholly burnt downe in the said late Fire, but the one halfe part thereof, or neere thereabouts is yet standing, neither was the said Alley ever any thorow Passage, nor will the enlarging thereof be any Ornament or Advantage to the said City, Therefore it shall and may be lawful! to and for the severall Proprietors of and in the said Alley, to rebuild their severall Houses on both sides thereof, which were burnt or demolished by reason of the said late Fire, upon their old Foundations respectively. This present or the said former Act for rebuilding the Citty of London or any thing therein contained or any other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

And further bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That for ever hereafter the said Maior and Comonaltie and Citizens of London may and shall have a Market to be kept three or sower dayes in the weeke as to them shall seeme convenient upon the Ground now sett out by the assent of the Deane and Chapter of the Cathedrall Church of Saint Paul London for a Market place within Newgate, And that the said Deane and Chapter shall make and give one or more Lease or Leases of the said Ground to the said Maior Commonaltie and Citizens, and alsoe of the Wall of the said Church Yard abutting severally upon Pater noster Row and the Old Change for the Terme of forty yeares reserveing the yearely Rent of sower pounds for the Ground of the said Market place, and two pence for every Superficiall Foote of the Ground or Soyle of the said Wall as it is now sett out by the Surveyours of the City and of the said Deane and Chapter, and soe from forty yeares to forty yeares for ever at the like yearely Rent, and one yeares Rent after the Rates aforesaid to be paid by way of Fine for each of the said Grounds respectively upon the makeing every new Lease thereof, Which said Lease and Leases shall be good and effectuall in the Law as against the said Deane and Chapter and their Successors and all persons claimeing by from or under them, and that noe House, Shed or other Building shall stand, or hereafter be erected and fixed upon the said Market place other then the Market house already built without the consent of the said Deane and Chapter, Any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas by a late Act of this present Parlyament entituled An Act for rebuilding the City of London, It was enacted That the Parishes to be rebuilded within the said City of London in lieu of those which were demolished by the late dreadfull Fire should not exceede the number of Thirty nine. But forasmuch as upon an exact Survey taken of the number of Houses to be rebuilded, and of the extent of the respective Parishes necessary to be setled and continued within the said City, It doth appeare that the Parishes to be setled and continued, and the Parish Churches to be rebuilded within the said City of London in lieu of those demolished or consumed by the said late Fire cannot conveniently by Union or otherwise be reduced to a lesse number then Fifty one Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the number of Parishes to be setled and of Parish Churches to be rebuilded within the said City of London shall be Fifty one, The aforesaid Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And that the Fifty one Parishes soe to be continued shall be as hereafter followeth That is to say Alhallowes [Lumber1] streete. Saint Bartholimew Exchange, Saint Bridges alias Brides, Saint Bennets Finck, Saint Michaels Crooked lane, Saint Christophers, Saint Dionesse Backe Church, Saint Dunstons in the East, Saint James Garlike-hithe, Saint Michaell Cornhill, Saint Michaell Bassishaw, Saint Margaret Loathbury, Saint Mary Aldermanbury, Saint Martin Ludgate, Saint Peters Cornhill Saint Stephens Coleman streete and Saint Sepulchres shall remaine and continue as heretofore they were. And that the respective Parish Churches to each of the said Parishes belonging shall be rebuilded and continued for the use of the said Parishes, and that the severall Parishes hereafter mentioned shall be respectively united into one Parish in manner [hereafter*] following that is to say,

The Parishes of Alhallowes Breedstreete and Saint John Evangalist shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Alhallowes Breed streete shall be rebuilded, and shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Alhallowes the Great and Alhallowes the Lesse shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Alhallowes the Great shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The Parishes of Saint Albans Woodstreete and Saint Olaves Silver streete shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Albanes Woodstreete shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Anne and Agnes and Saint John Zacharie shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Anne and Agnes shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Austins and Saint Faiths shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Austins shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Andrew Wardrobe and Saint Anne Blacke-Fryers shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Andrew Wardrobe shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Antholins and Saint John Baptist shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Antholins shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

LIII. Proviso respecting rebuilding Kvenl Houses in White’s Alley, Coleman Street.

LIV.

Market Place within Newgate to be granted to the City by Lease from the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul.

LV.

Recital of 18 & 19C.IL c. 8. i 29. (19C.11.C.3. $31.)

Fifty-one Parishes to be within the City of London.

The Names of the Fifty-one Parishes.

Parishes herein mentioned to be united.

1 Lumbard 0.

1 interlined on the Roll.

8 K

678

$8? Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1670.

The parishes of Saint Bennet Grace Church and Saint Leonard Eastcheape shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Bennet Grace Church shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Bennet Pauls-Wharfe, and Saint Peter Pauls-wharfe shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Bennet Pauls-wharfe shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Christ Church and Saint Leonard Foster lane shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Christ Church shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Edmond the King, and Saint Nicholas Aeons shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Edmond the King shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint George Buttolph lane, and Saint Buttolph Billinsgate shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint George Buttolph lane shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Lawrence Jury and Saint Magdalens Milke streete shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Lawrence Jury shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New-Fish streete shall be united into one parish; and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Magnus shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Michaell Royall and Saint Martins Vintry shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Michaell Royall shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Mathew Friday streete and Saint Peters Cheape shall be united into one parish and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Mathew Friday streete shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Margaret Pattens and Saint Gabrieli Fenn Church shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Margaret Pattens shall be the parish Church of the said [parises‘3 soe united.

The parishes of Saint Mary Atthill and Saint Andrew Hubbord shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Mary Atthill shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Mary Woolnoth and Saint Mary Wool Church shall be united into one parish, and the

Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Mary Woolnoth shall be the parish Church of the said

parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Clement Eastcheap and Saint Martins Orgars shall be united into one parish, and the

Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Clement Eastcheap shall be the parish Church of the said

parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Mary Ab-Church and Saint Lawrence Pountney shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Mary Ab-Church shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Mary Aldermary and Saint Thomas Apostles shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Mary Aldermary shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Mary le Bow, Saint Pancras Soaper lane, and Alhallowes Honey lane shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Mary le Bow shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Mildreds Poultrey and Saint Mary Cole Church shall be united into one parish, and the

Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Mildreds Poultrey shall be the parish Church of the said

parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Michaell Woodstreete and Saint Mary Staining shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Michaell Woodstreete shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Mildred Bread Streete and Saint Margaret Moses shall be united into one parish and the

Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Mildred Bread streete shall be the parish Church of the

said parishes soe united.

The Parishes of Saint Michael Queene Hythe and Trinity shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Michaell Queene Hythe shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Mary Magdalens Old Fish Streete and Saint Gregories shall be united into one parish and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Old Fish streete shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

1 Parishes 0.

A.D. 1670.

22? Car. II. c.ll.

679

The parishes of Saint Mary Somerset and Saint Mary Munthaw shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the parish of Saint Mary Somerset shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Nicholas Cole Abby and Saint Nicholas Olaves shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Nicholas Cole Abby shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Olaves Jury and Saint Martins Pomroy alias Iremonger lane shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Olaves Jury shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Stephen Walbrooke and Saint Bennet Sher hogg shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Stephen Walbrooke shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Swithin and Saint Mary Bothaw shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Swithin shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

The parishes of Saint Vedost alias Saint Fosters and Saint Michaell Quern shall be united into one parish, and the Church heretofore belonging to the said parish of Saint Vedost alias Saint Fosters shall be the parish Church of the said parishes soe united.

[And it is hereby further enacted and declared That the said respective Churches to be rebuilded within the said City of London and Libertyes thereof shall be built and erected according to such Models, and of such Demenstons and in such Manner and Forme in all respects as by the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Bishop of London and Lord Maior of London for the time being (with his Majesty es Approbation thereof) shall [direct and appoint. *]*] And the said respective Parishes herein before mentioned and appointed to be united as aforesaid shall for ever hereafter remaine and continue soe united, and consolidated and annexed unto the severall and respective Parish Churches by this Act appointed to be rebuilded as aforesaid: And the respective Parishioners and the Inhabitants of the said severall Parishes soe to be united as aforesaid by force of this present Act shall hereafter resorte to the said Churches respectively as to their proper Parish Church, And all Tythes and other Dutyes heretofore due and payable to the respective Incumbents of the said Parish Churches respectively shall hereafter be paid and payable to the Incumbent of that Church onely which by this Act is appointed to be rebuilded and established for the Parish Church of the Parishes soe united as aforesaid.

[And bee it further enacted That any Plate and Goods heretofore belonging to any of the Churchwardens of any the Parishes of those [Parishes3] burnt downe, which are not now to be rebuilded for the use of the said Churches shall be enjoyed by the respective Churchwardens and their Successors of the respective Parishes of such Churches to be rebuilded respectively, whereunto the said other Churches burnt downe are united by this Act to the use of the said Churches and Parishes respectively. *]

Provided alwayes That the Scites of the Churches to be demolished and the Church Yards belonging to the same shall be inclosed with Bricke or Stone walls for buryall [places4] for the Parishes formerly belonging to the same, and the Parishes to which they are respectively united as aforesaid, and not used or imployed for any other purpose whatsoever, excepting such of the Scites and Church Yards or parts of Scites and Church Yards of the said Parish Churches soe demolished as aforesaid as are already laid into the Streets and Market places or sett out for that purpose, or such other as shall within two yeares now next following be thought fitt by the Maior and Aldermen of the said City with the consent of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Bishop of London, and by his Majesties Approbation to be laid into the Streets and Markets for enlargement and accommodation thereof or for publique Store places,

Provided alwayes That where any part of the Churches or Church Yards of any of the said Parish Churches hereby appointed to be rebuilt and continued have beene thought fitt by the Maior and Court of Aldermen of the said City to be laid into any of the Streets within the said City for enlaigement thereof, and by Order of the said Maior and Court of Aldermen shall have beene before the five and twentyeth day of March one thousand six hundred and seaventy staked and sett out accordingly It is hereby further enacted and declared That the Grounds soe staked out shall be made use of for the enlargeing of the said Streets according as the same were for that purpose staked and sett out as aforesaid, This present Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enacted and declared That notwithstanding such Union as aforesaid, each and every of the Parishes soe united as to all Rates, Taxes, Parochiall Rites, Charges and Dutyes and all other Priviledges, Liberties and Respects whatsoever other then what are herein before mentioned and specified shall continue and remaine disdn&, and as heretofore they were before the makeing of this present A&. And that the severall and respective Patrons of the said Churches soe united shall and may present by turns to that Church onely which by this Act is appointed to be rebuilded and established for the Parish Church of the Parishes soe united as aforesaid. The first presentment to be made by the Patron of such of the said Churches the Endowments whereof are of the greatest yearely value.

LVI.

The tame Parishes to continue united, and the Parish Churches to be rebuilt according to Models appointed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor, with the King’s Approbation.

To whom Tithes of the said united Churches to be paid.

LVII.

Goods belonging to Churches not to be rebuilt.

LVIII. Church-yards, Ac. of Churches demolished to be enclosed with Walls to make Burial Places.

Exception.

LIX.

In what cases Plans of Church-yards may be used for enlarging Streets.

LX.

Notwithstanding the Union, the Parishes as to all

Rates, Charges, and Privileges to remain distmdt.

Presentation.

1 be directed and appointed O. * Churches 0.

8 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 4 interlined on the Roll.

22° Car. II. c. 11.

A.D. 1670.

LXI. Proviso for the present Incumbent of Churches not to be rebuilt, as to Tithes*

Saving to the Crown of Tenths and First Fruits of united Churches.

Saving of Pensions, &c.

LXII. Proviso for Minor Canons of St. Paul as to Tithes, &c. of St. Gregory.

LXIII. Recital that the Mercers Company have designed a Free School on the Site of St. Mary Cole-Church.

The said Site, &c. vested in the said Company.

Money to be paid by the Company towards rebuilding the Church to which St. Mary Cole-Church is united.

LXIV. Provision that Parsons of Churches consumed may not be sued for Dilapidations.

LXV.

The said Parsons and Vicars exempted from First Fruits, Tenths, and Pensions, and from Dues, until they receive the Profits of their Livings.

LXVL Ministers indemnified for not reading the Thirty nine Articles.

LXVII. Empowered to let Leases of their Glebe Lands.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to deprive the present Incumbents which at the time of the said late Fire were or now are in possession of any of the said Parish Churches not to be rebuilded or any of them of the Tythes or other proffitts heretofore belonging to their respective Churches soe long as they shall assist in serveing the Cure and other Offices belonging to their Duty in the Parish Church whereunto their respective Parishes shall be united and annexed by vertue of this Act according to the direction of the Ordinary Any thing in this present A & [contained '] to die contrary notwithstanding. Saveing to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors the Tenthes and First fruits of all such Parish Churches as by force of this present Act shall be united or consolidated as aforesaid according to such Rates and Valuations as the same doe respectively stand rated and valued at in his Majestyes Court of First fruits and Tenthes, Any thing in this present Act notwithstanding. Saveing alsoe to all other person and persons Bodycs Pollitique and Corporate, Ecclesiasticall and Civill their Heires and Successors all Pensions Annuity es and Payments whatsoever heretofore due from and payable by any of the Rectors Viccars and Curates of any of the said

Churches united or consolidated as aforesaid Any thing in this present Act notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Warden and Minor Canons of Saint Pauls

Church London, Parson and Proprietors of the Redory of the Parish of Saint Gregories aforesaid to receive and

enjoy all Tythes, Oblations & Dutyes ariseing or growing due within the said Parish in as huge and benefidall manner as formerly they have or lawfully might have done, Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas the Wardens and Commonaltie of the Mistery of the Mercers of the City of London at the rime of the said Fire were seised in Fee of the Redory and Parish [Church *] Impropriate of Saint Mary Cole-Church (the said Church being an upper Roome about Ten Foote higher then the Streete and lyeing over certaine Roomes and arched Vaults or Cellars of the said Wardens and Commonalty) upon the Sdte of which Church they have designed to build a Free Schoole and other Buildings conformable to the Rules of the said former Act, and to remove the Dead Bodyes and Bones of such as have been buryed upon the Arches, and to cause them to be decently reposed within the Body of their Chappell commonly called Mercers Chappell, Bee it therefore hereby enacted That the Scite of the said Parish Church and the Materialls thereof remaining upon the said Scite be, and are hereby setled upon the said Wardens and Commonaltie and their Successors for ever. And that the said Wardens and Commonaltie shall pay to the Lord Maior and Aldermen of the City of London for the same such summe of Money towards the rebuilding of the Church whereunto the same is by this ASt appointed to be united as shall be agreed upon betweene the said Lord Maior and Aldermen and the said Wardens and Commonalty, or be assessed by a Jury impanneled and swome, as by the said former AS is directed in any other case. Any thing in this A & to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas severall Parish Churches, Chancells, Parsonage and Vicaridge Houses were consumed in the late dismall Fire, To the end therefore the Incumbents Parsons and Vicars may not be lyeable to the rebuilding of their Chancells Parsonage and Vicaridge houses (a) be sued for Dilapidations Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Incumbents Parsons and Viccars of the aforesaid Churches their Executors and Administrators shall be and are hereby indempnifyed as to the rebuilding of their respective Chancells, Parsonage and Vicaridge houses, and shall not be lyeable to any Suites, Troubles or Molestations that may arise for Dilapidations aforesaid. And that noe Processe shall be issued out of any Court whatsoever against the persons aforesaid for their not rebuilding their respective Chancells and Parsonage and Vicaridge Houses, Any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas First-fruits, Tenthes and severall Pensions are from the said Parsons and Vicars to be yearely paid to his Majestie and severall Dutyes to the Ordinary and Arch-deacon That his Majestie will be graciously pleased that it may be enacted And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the said Parsons and Vicars be indemnifyed, and are hereby indemnified from the payment of all First fruits, Tenthes and Pensions due or which shall be due to his Majestie, And from all Dues to the Ordinary and Arch-Deacon and all other Dues whatsoever chargable upon them respectively untill such time as they shall receive the Proffitts ariseing from the same as formerly. And that noe Processe shall be issued out of any Court whatsoever against die persons aforesaid for their Non-payment of First-fruits, Tenthes, Pensions or any other die Dues aforesaid, Any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas diverse Ministers have beene already since the Fire or may be from time to time presented and instituted, and being soe are lyable to the Forfeitures of their severall Liveings for not reading the Thirty nine Articles, and for not doeing other things enjoyned by Law in their severall Parish Churches, Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all such Ministers as have beene or shall be from time to rime presented and instituted since the said Fire, be and are hereby indemnyfied from the severall Penaltyes and Forfeitures incurred and to be incurred [by or'] for not reading of the Thirty nine Articles, or not doeing other things enjoyned by Law as aforesaid, undll such time as the said severall Churches be reedifyed or made fitt for publicke-Worship.

And whereas the said Parsons and Vicars or some of them are interested in severall Gleabe-Lands or Grounds, the which they cannot rebuild themselves, nor let such Lease or Leases as may be an Encouragement for others to rebuild the same Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the said Parsons and Vicars and every of them respectively be impowered and are hereby impowered to lett such Lease or Leases of their said

A.D. 1S'IO.

22° Car. II. c. 11.

681

=----- 1 1 -----

Gleabe Lands or Grounds with the consent and approbation of the Patron or Patrons and Ordinary for any terme not exceeding forty yeares, and at such yearely Rents without Fine as can be obtained for the same; And that noe Lapses incurred upon any Non-presentation in due time of any of the Patrons of the said Liveings since the said Fire shall any wayes prejudice or make void the Presentations [that the said Patrons1] have since made whereupon any Incumbent is since instituted and indufted, Any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes, and it is hereby declared and enacted That if the Maior and Commonalde and Citizens of the said City of London shall be concerned in Estate or Title in any controversie or difference whereof the determination is by this, or the aforesaid Act referred to the Heareing and Judgement of the said Maior and Court of Aldermen That then and in every such case the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the time being or any three or more of them upon complaint to them made shall be and are hereby authorized to heare and finally order and determine the same, Any thing in this or the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Provided al wayes and bee it enacted [That1] the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen are hereby authorized and required to cause to be made two Posterns, one on either side of the Gate cdmonly called Ludgate for the better ease and convenience of Foote Passengers, and in order hereunto are alsoe impowered to enlarge the said Gate as they shall finde cause. *]

And whereas by the said Act for the rebuilding the City of London it was enacted That where any Ground formerly builded upon (the Houses whereupon built were demolished at the time of the said late Fire) should not within three yeares then next ensueing be rebuilded upon Then after Proclamation publickly made and Inquiry and Valuation made and taken of the Ground whereupon such Houses were scituate by Inquest of a Jury in such sort and manner as in and by the said Act is mentioned and appointed the said Maior and Aldermen and Common Councell might make Sale thereof, It is hereby declared and enacted That the said Maior, Aldermen and C5mon Councell shall not by vertue of the said Act proceede to the Sale of any such Ground or Soyle whereupon any such Houses were scituate for not rebuilding thereupon before the sower and twentyeth day of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand 6ix hundred seaventy and one; nor shall any Ground be sold by vertue of this or the aforesaid Act in case any person for the makeing of any [Court1] Yard, Garden or [other1] Easement shall leave some part of the aundent Foundation unbuilt upon backwards.

And bee it further enacted and declared That all persons seised or interested of any House or Houses burned or demolished by reason of the said late Fire, in Taile for life or lives or yeares determinable upon life with remainder to their Heires or Issue male or female or to their first or other Sonne or Sonnet Daughter or Daughters in Taile or other like Estate, That it shall and may be lawfiill to and for such Tennant in Taile for Life or Yeares with such Remainder as aforesaid by Indenture under their respective Hands and Seales to demise the Ground or Soyle of such burned or demolished Houses without any Fine or Fines, and at the most improved annuall Rent to any person or persons that shall or will rebuild thereupon for any terme of yeares not exceeding fifty yeares, Which Leases soe made shall binde and conclude aswell all and every the [Heires and1] Issue of such Tennant in Taile as the first and every other Sonne and Sonnes, Daughter or Daughters or other Issue of such Tennant for Life or Yeares as those in Reversion or Remainder, and the Houses thereupon built shall be held and enjoyed by the respective Lessees thereof and their Assignes (paying the said Rent to the persons in Reversion or Remainder dureing the Terme and according to the purporte of such Leases) by vertue of this present Act.

Provided al wayes, and bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That as to the House called Sergeants Inne in Fleete streete, of which the Society of Judges and Sergeants at Law were Tennants at the time of the late Fire and many yeares before That the Kings most Excellent Majestie his Heires & Successors and his or their Privy Councell shall be and are hereby impowered to heare and determine all Differences and Demands whatsoever touching the said House with the appurtenances and all things else to doe relateing to the rebuilding thereof, and to make Orders and Decrees concerning the same as folly to all intents and purposes as the Judges of the Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas and Barons of the Exchequer might, could or may doe concerning any [other'] Houses burnt downe by the late Fire by vertue of this and the said former Act or either of them; And his said Majestie and Councell are [hereby alsoe4] impowered to order and decree such satisfaction and recompence unto Robert Mellish of the Inner Temple Esquire as to them shall seeme just and reasonable, and to order and decree one Lease of the Premisses whereof the Inheritance belongeth to the Deane and Chapter of Yorke not exceeding in the whole sixty yeares for the use of the said Society, and the said Deane and Chapter and their Successors [are5] hereby enabled and enjoyned to make accordingly. And what shall be soe ordered or decreed by his said Majestie & Councell as aforesaid shall be good and effectuall in Law to all intents and purposes by vertue of this Act; And the said Judges and Barons of the Exchequer are hereby excluded from makeing any Order or Decree touching the said House with the appurtenances.

And whereas a great number of Houses heretofore erected and built upon or very neare to the Tower Ditch of the City London were at, or a litle time after the said late great Fire pulled or blowne downe for safeguard of the said Tower and are not thought fitt to be rebuilt there. And whereas some Houses are yet standing which

8 L

Proviso as to Lapses incurred.

LXV1U. The Judges to determine Controversies in which the City of London is a Party.

LXIX.

Two Posterns at Ludgate to be made, and the Gate enlarged.

LXX. Recital of 18& 19 Car. II. c.8. f ij. (19C.II.C.3. Jiy.)

Sales for not rebuilding not to be before 24th March 1671.

In what Case such Ground not to be sold.

LXXI. Tenants in Tad. &c« may demise their Ground at the most improved Rent without Fine.

Such Leases to bind Reversioner, See.

Houses thereupon built to be enjoyed.

LXX 11. The King and Privy Council may determine Differences concerning Sergeantslnn in Fleet Street \

and to order Recompense to Rob. Mellish Esq. and to decree a Lease of Premises belonging to Dean and Chapter of York.

LXX111.

Houses pulled down near Tower Ditch not to be rebuilt.

22° Car. II. c.ll, 12.

A.D. 1670.

Differences about certain other Houses, as to Breach of Covenant, referred to the said Judges.

LXXIV. Shops, &c. in Smhhfield, Moor-fields, and other void Places erc&ed since the Fire, to be taken down and removed before the 2$th Sept. 1674.

LXXV.

In Action brought for executing Act General Issue may be pleaded.

Double Costs.

LXXVI. Proviso for Acts done by virtue of Commissions pursuant to I Elix. c.ll. § 2. ,4(,3 ^ *4) C.II.

c. 11. $ 14.

Rot. Parl.

22 C.II. Mr. 12.

Surveyors, &c. to cause Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways to be executed.

Neglecting, 8tc.

Penalty;

how to be levied and employed.

were in Lease for severall yeares yet to come, with other Houses pulled downe at and for certaine intire yearely Rents, which said [Houses1] are wholly now claimed by diverse Landlords as if the said Houses were yet standing: and diverse Suites in Law are and will be dayly brought against Tennants for breach of Covenants of the said Leases incurred since that time Bee it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them shall have full power and authority to heare and determine all Differences that may arise betweene the said Landlords and Tennants as if the said Houses had perished by the late dreadfull Fire.

And whereas severall Sheds Shops and other Buildings have beene erected (since the late dreadfull Fire) in Smithfeild, Moore feilds and other void places within the said City and Libertyes thereof by License of the Lord Maior Aldermen and Common Councell of the said City for the accommodation of such Inhabitants whose Houses were then burnt or demolished for the better carrying on of their respective Trades, which if they should be suffered to have longer continuance then the present Exigency of the Occupiers thereof doth require would be an occasion to divert the Trade of the City, and to discourage such as have rebuilt Houses within the said City Bee it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen for the time being shall be and are hereby impowered and required to cause all and every the said Sheds, Shops and other Buildings aforesaid to be taken downe and removed at or before the nine and twentyeth day of September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy sower.

Provided alwayes, and bee it enabled by the authoride aforesaid That if any Action or Suite shall be brought or prosecuted against any person or persons for any matter or thing done, committed or executed by vertue of this or the aforesaid Act for rebuilding the said City of London, or of any Clause or Article in this or the aforesaid Act contained. That then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants may pleade the Generali Issue (Not guilty) and give this Act and the speciall matter in Evidence at any Tryall thereupon to be had, and if a Verdict shall passe for the Defendant, or the Plaintiffe shall be Nonsuite, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant hath appeared, the Defendant shall recover double Costs to be awarded for this or their wrongfull vexation in that behalfe.

Provided alwayes That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to alter or make void any matter or thing done or to be done by vertue of any Commission or Commissions given or granted or to be given or granted by his Majestie his Heires or Successors in pursuance of two Acts of Parlyament [viz1] One in the first yeare of Queene Elizabeth and another in the fowerteenth yeare of his now Majestyes Raigne, or of either of them, or of any other Law or Right, whereby his Majesty his Heires and Successors may or ought to appoint such and soe many open places to be Keyes and Wharfes within the City of London, and may alsoe declare the Bounds, Limitts, Extents and Priviledges of the Port of London and all other Ports of England with severall other Powers and Priviledges for the preservation of his Majesty es Revenue of the Cuitomes collected there. Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XIL An Additionall Act for the better repairing of Highwayes and Bridges.

FOR the better repairing and amending of the Highwayes, now generally spoyled by the extraordinary and unreasonable ladeing of Waggens and other Carriages and the neglect of repaireing and preserveing the same Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and [of*] the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That all Constables and Surveyours of the Highwayes from time to time dureing their continuance in such their Office or Offices shall cause the severall Acts of Parlyament heretofore made and yet in force for or touching the repaireing, amending or enlargeing of Highwayes not hereby in any part altered or repealed to be putt in Execution within the Limits of their respective Parishes and places, and the penaltyes thereby imposed to be leavyed and disposed of as by the said severall Acts is directed, And every Constable & Surveyour of the Highwayes refuseing or neglecting to putt the said Acts in Execution or wilfully suffering any Waggons or Carts to passe through his respective Limitts with any more Horses or other Catle or in other manner then by this Act is allowed shall upon complaint thereof made to any Justice of the Peace of the place or division, where such neglect shall be proved to be done by the Oath of any one credible Witnesse (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer) or upon view of the Justice himselfe be thereof convicted, and shall incurr such Fine as the same Justice shall thinke fitt to impose on such Officer not exceeding the summe of forty shillings for any one offence, The same Fine to be leavyed by the High Constable of such place or division, or any other Officer [by Warrant*] under the Hand and Seale of such Justices of the Peace upon the Goods and Chattells of the persons soe offending (rendering the overplus to the Owner thereof, all necessary charge in leavying the same being first deduded) to be imployed for the amending of the Highwayes of the Parish or place where such neglect shall be found as the said Justice or Justices shall appoint for the doeing thereof

a.d.\6*io.

22° Car. II. c. 12.

683

And bee it further enacted That where any Lands have beene or shall be given for the maintenance of Causeys, Pavements, Highwayes and Bridges, all such persons that are or shall be enfeoffed or trusted with any such Lands shall lett them to forme at the most improved yearely value without Fine, And that the Justices of the Peace in their open Sessions shall and may esquire by such wayes and meanes as they thinke fitting into the value of all such Lands soe given or to be given, and order the improvement and imployment of the Rents and Proffitts thereof according to the Will and Direction of the Donor of such Lands if they finde that the persons [soe*] intrusted have beene negligent or faulty in the performance of their Trust (except such Lands as have beene given to the Uses aforesaid to any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universityes of this Kingdome which have Viators of their owne) Any Law, Statute, Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.

Lands given for Maintentnce of Causeys, &c. to be farmed at the moat improved yearly Value without Fine. Justices in Sessions to inquire into the Value of Lands, See. Exception.

And it is hereby enacted That one Clause contained in the Act of this present Parlyament Entitled An Act I4> 5c 14) C II for enlargemg of Highwayes concerning the breadth of the Tyre of all Waggon and Cart wheeles, is and shall c.6. (8. hereby stand repealed and be void. repealed.

And it is further enacted That in case any person or persons shall resist or make forceable opposition against any person or persons imployed in the due Execution of this Act or any the Acts before mentioned, or shall make any Rescue of any Cattell or other Goods destrained by vertue of this or any of the said Acts That every such person being thereof convicted in manner aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeite the summe of forty shillings, And in case he doe not pay the said summe within seaven dayes after notice of such Conviction, Then it shall and may be lawfiill for any Justice of the Peace resideing neere the place where such Opposition or Rescue shall be made to committ such person or persons to the Common Goale of the County where such Offence shall be committed, there to remaine untill the said Forfeiture shall be paid to the Surveyour or

IV.

Resiiting Officers employed in executing A&, rescuingGoods, Ac. Penalty 40s. or Imprisonment.

Surveyours of the Highwayes for that Parish where the Offence was committed to be imployed for the amendment

of the Highwayes of the same Parish; And if any Action or Suite shall be brought against any person or persons

for or by reason of any matter or thing done by meanes of this Act, the same shall be laid in the proper be laid in the proper

County where the Fast was done and not elsewhere, and the Defendants may pleade the generall Issue and give C001*?-

the spedall matter in Evidence, And if it appeare at the Tryall that the Fast was done by Authoritie of this ^enerilI#,u<*

Act, and the Jury shall finde for the Defendant, he thereupon (as alsoe in case the Plaindffe be Non suite

or discontinue his Action) shall recover his treble Costs sustained by reason of such Action or Suite, Provided TreWc C0*1*-

That in such places where the Highwayes cannot be sufficiently repaired before the Feast of the Nativity of Saint

John Baptist yearely, the same may and shall be sufficiently repaired before the Feast of Saint Luke yearely

without incurring any penalty for the not doeing thereof before the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist according to the said former Act.

V,

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all defects of Repaires of Causeys, Pavements, Defeat tobe

Highwayes or Bridges shall be presented in the County onely where such Causeys, Pavements Highwayes or ^un^wheretbe

Bridges doe lye, and not elsewhere, and that noe such Presentment or Indictment shall be removed by Certiorari Places defcaive lie.

or otherwise out of the said County, till such Indictment or Presentment be traversed and Judgement thereupon When Certiorari

allowed.

given.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That the severall Occupiers and Inhabitants, or where there are noe Inhabitants or Occupiers the respective Owners of all and singular the Lands, Houses, Outhouses, Walls and Buildings fronting and adjoyning to any of the Highwayes Streetes or Lanes within the Suburbs of London and the Liberties thereof and the Burrough of Southwarke, and the City and Liberty of Westminster or Prednfts thereof which are or shall be paved shall and are hereby lyeable to all Rates, Assessments, Penaltyes and Distresses which shall be had or made towards the Scavengers Rates for the places aforesaid, in such manner as by an Act of this present Parlyament made and enacted in the fowerteenth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne for repaireing of the Highwayes and Sewers is directed and appointed, [And1] that where any Ground shall lye at the end of any of the said Streets or Lanes, or any other place of which there may be a dispute who ought to pave or amend the same that in such case the Justices of Peace for the said places respectively shall have hereby full power and authoritie in their Quarter Sessions to order and determine the same which Order shall be binding to all persons whatsoever therein concerned. Any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Lands, Houses, &c. in the Suburbs of London, Southwark, and Westminster, made liable to Assessments for the Scavengers, as by

14 (13 &14) C.1J. c. 6.

Quarter Sessions may determine Disputes as to Liability.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the Fower and twentyeth day of VII.

June next ensueing noe traveling Waggon, Wayne, Cart or Carriage wherein any Burdens Goods or Wares are wl^gon^ or shall be carryed (other then such Carts and Carriages as are imployed in and about Husbandry and Manureing Wains, &c^ of Lands and in the carrying of Hay, Straw, Come unthresht. Coale, Chalke, Timber for Shipping, Materialls s^duSl be drawn for Building, Stones of all sortes, or such Ammunition or Artillery which shall be for his Majestyes Service) shall at any one time travell or be drawne, or goe in any common or publique Highway or Road with above Five Horse Beasts at length, and if any shall draw with a greater number of Horses or Oxen they shall all draw in paires that is to say two a breast for such number as they shall use except one Horse; Any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

but with Five Horses in Length ; a greater Number to draw in Pairs.

And bee it further enacted That every Owner of any Wagon, Cart, Carriage, Horse Beasts or Oxen offending contrary to this Act shall forfeite for every of the said Offences the summe of forty shillings, One third part thereof to the Surveyours of the Highwayes of the Towne, Village or Hamblet where any the said Offences shall

vm.

Owners of Waggons, See. offending; Penalty 40s.

684

22° Car. II. c. 12.

Af.-D. 1670.

be committed to be employed in the Repaires of the said Highwayes, One other third part to the Overseers of the Poore of the Parish, where any of the said Offences shall be committed to the use of the Poore of the How levied* said Parish, and the other third part to him that shall discover the same to be [imposed and1] leavyed in such

manner as the penaltyes in this Act imposed on every Constable or Surveyour of the Highwayes for refasexng or neglecting to putt in Execution the severall Acts of Parlyament yet in force for, or touching the repaireing, amending or enlargeing of such Highwayes are directed and appointed.

IX.

In Places where Carts or Teams not used for mending the Highways, Inhabitants to send Horses and other Carriages.

And it is further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That in such places where there is noe use of Carts and Teemes for the amendment of Highwayes, but the Usage and Practise is to carry Stones, Gravell, Earth, or other Materialls for such amendment upon the backes of Horses, or by any other kinds of Carriages, That in all such places the Inhabitants useing any such Horses or other Carriages shall send in such their Horses as are accustomed to that kinde of labour, and such their other Carriages with able persons to worke with the same in like manner, and under the like Directions, Forfeitures and Penal tyes as by any former Statute for repaireing of Highwayes is appointed for Carts and Teemes.

X.

Miking Default in repining Highways;

Surveyor to complain to Juttxcei

Penalty.

XI.

Assessment, when to be made by Quarter Sessions for repairing the Highways.

To be levied by Distress.

XII. Assessment not to exceed Sixpence in the Pound of yearly Value of Lands, nor Sixpence for j&o of Personal Estate.

Provided alsoe and it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall faile or (*)make defaulte to doe their respective Dayes Labour in every yeare for and towards the repaireing of the Highwayes or negcle& to send their respective Carriages Horses and Carts according as by Law they are respectively required, It shall and may be lawfull for the Surveyour or Surveyours of every Parish, and they are hereby required to make complaint thereof to the next Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized and required upon proofe of any such Defaulte or Neglect made before them by the Oath of one credible Witnesse (which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer) to leavy by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of every person failmg or neglecting as aforesaid (and not haveing a reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices) the severall Penaltyes hereafter mentioned (rendering the Overplus) reasonable Charges of destraining being first dedu&ed) that is to say

For every Day labourer faileing or neglecting as is aforesaid One shilling and six pence.

And for every Man and Horse that shall make defaulte three shillings,

And for every Cart with two Men ten shillings for every respective day wherein they shall make defaulte.

Which respective Penaltyes soe leavyed shall be employed for and towards the repaireing of the Highwayes in every respective place and Parish.

And bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That where the Justices of the Peace of any County, City or other place, or the major part of them at their generall Quarter Sessions [shall be fully satisfied1] that the common Highwayes, Causeys or Bridges within any Parish, Towneshipp or Hamblet within their respective Jurisdiction may not, or will not be sufficiently amended, repaired and supported by meanes of the Lawes now in force without the helpe of this present A&, in all such cases one or more Assesment or Assesments upon all and every the Inhabitants Owners and Occupyers of [Houses, Lands3] Tenements and Hereditaments, or any personall Estate usually rateable to the poore within any such Parish, Township or Hamlet shall be made, leavyed, collected and allowed by such person and persons and in such manner as the said Justices by their Order at such Sessions shall direct and appoint in that behalfe. And the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for according to the order and directions of the said Justices for and towards the amending, repaireing and supporting such Highwayes Causeys and Bridges from time to time as neede shall require. And the said [Assessment or1] Assessments shall be leavyed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of every person soe assessed (not paying the same within ten dayes after demand) rendering the Overplus of the value of the Goods soe destrained to the Owner or Owners thereof (the necessary charges of makeing and selling such Distresse being first dedu&ed.

Provided neverthelesse and bee it enacted That noe such Assesment or Assesments to be made in any one yeare shall exceede the rate of six pence in the pound of the yearely value of any Lands Houses Tenements and Hereditaments soe assessed, nor the rate of six pence for twenty pounds in personall Estate, and that noe such Assesment be made or leavyed from and after the five and twentyeth day of March in the yeare One thousand six hundred seaventy and three.

XIII. Surveyors of Highways when to be chosen as by

x & 3 P. & M. c. 8.

their Duty in Dinting D 7ork, &c.

to make a Return of Defaulters to Justice, who is to present the same to Quarter Sessions.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the nine and twenty eth day of September next in every Parish within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede the Surveyours and Orderers of the worke for amendment of the Highwayes within their respective Parishes shall be yearely chosen and nominated by such persons as by an Act made in the second and third Yeares of King Phillip and Queene Mary is appointed upon some day in the same weeke that the Feast of the Birth of our Lord commonly called Christmas day shall be: Which persons soe nominated and chosen shall take upon them the said Office and shall appoint six dayes for the provideing Stones, Gravell and other Materialls for the amendment of and for workeing in the Highwayes haveing respect to the Season of the Yeare and the Weather, and giveing Notice publiquely some convenient time before the severall dayes > at which dayes all persons lyable to the said Worke shall attend and worke accordingly: And the said Surveyours and Orderers shall make Returae of the Defaulters and every of them within one moneth after every defaulte made, to some neighbouring Justice of the Peace of the same Countyj and the said Justice shall present the same at the Quarter Sessions of

yf.Z).1670.

22° Car. II. c. 12, 13

685

the Peace held next after such Returne made unto him; And the Offenders against this Act in all cases not perticularly directed in this Act, shall respectively incurr the same Forfeitures, Paines and Penaltyes inflicted and appointed by the Lawes and Statutes of this Kingdome now in force for the amending of the Highwayes as fully as if they had beene perticularly mentioned and imposed in and by this Act.

And whereas in the Countyes of Chester and Lancaster there are many and sundry great and deepe Rivers which runn crosse and through the common and publique Highwayes and Roads within the said Countyes which

many times cannot be passed over without hazard and losse of the Lives and Goods of the Inhabitants and

Travellers within the said Countyes for want of convenient, good and sufficient Bridges in the said Highwayes and Roads, to build and erect which there is noe Law [now'] in force Therefore bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That for ten yeares next following and noe longer the respective Justices of Peace within the said respective Countyes shall upon the presentment of the Grand Jury at their respective generall Quarter. Sessions have power and authority by Order or Warrant under the Hands and Seales of all, or the major part of the

said Justices being six at least then present to cause to be erected and builded any new Bridge or Bridges in

such place or places in any of the said Highwayes over any of the said Rivers within their respective Jurisdictions as they shall judge fitt and necessary and soe declare by such Order as aforesaid, and likewise to repaire or rebuild such other Bridges as were demolished in the late Warr, And by their said Order to charge either their whole respective Countyes, or any Hundred or Hundreds within their said respective Countyes with the erecting and building any such Bridge or Bridges, and from time to time (as neede shall require) with the repaireing & amending of all or any the said Bridges, which shall be assessed, leavyed and gathered in such sort, manner and forme as the Moneyes for repaireing of Bridges now in being are used to be assessed leavyed and gathered by vertue of the late Statute in the two and twentyeth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Eighth in that case made and provided.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That it shall and may be lawful 1 for any six or more Justices of Peace of the County of Monmouth whereof two to be of the Quorum at [the1] generall Sessions of the Peace to be held for that County at any time hereafter dureing ten yeares and noe longer to impose and leavy any summe or summes of Money upon the said County for the repaireing and amending of Uske and Basalegg Bridges which are scituate upon great Rivers, and lye on very publique Roads of that County, soe as the summe soe imposed as aforesaid exceede not in the whole in any one yeare the summe of forty pounds, Which Imposition soe laid shall be leavyed and accounted for by the same way and manner as the other Rates raised for,Bridges formerly setled by Act of Parlyament for that County are made and provided.

CHAPTER Xni.

An Act for Improvement of Tillage and the Breede of Catle.

FOR the further Incouragement of Tillage for the common good and welfaire of this Kingdome Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual] and Temporall and the Commons, in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoritie of the same That from and after the twenty fourth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord, one thousand six hundred and seaventy and from thence forward It shall be lawfull for all and every person or persons Native or Forreigne at any time or times to shipp, lade carry and transport as Merchandize all sorts of Come and Graine although the Prices thereof shall exceede the Rates sett downe in one Act of this present Parliament made in the fifteenth yeare of his Majestyes Reigne entituled An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, The said Act or any other Law Statute Usage or other Prohibition to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, paying for the same such Rates as are to be paid when the same might have beene transported by one Act of this present Parlyament entituled A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and none other.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That when the Prices of Corne and Graine at the times, Havens and places when and where the said Come or Graine shall be imported into this Kingdome exceede not the Rates hereafter following there shall be answered and paid for the Custome and Poundage thereof these Rates That is to say

For every Quarter of Wheate when the same shall not exceede the Price of Three and fifty shillings and sower pence the Quarter there shall be paid for the Custome and Poundage thereof the summe of sixteene shillings. And when the same shall exceede the summe of three and fifty shillings and sower pence the Quarter, and yet not above sower pounds the Quarter, That then there shall be answered and paid for the Custome and Poundage of every Quarter of Wheate the summe of eight shillings;

For every Quarter of Rye when the same doth not exceede the price of forty shillings the Quarter there shall be answered and paid for the Custome and Poundage therrof the summe of sixteene shillings the Quarter.

8 M

Offenders to incur Penalty.

XIV. Recital that there are many Rivers in Cheshire and Lancashire that are dangerous for want of Bridges.

Bridges to be built in Cheshire and Lancashire within Ten Years, and Bridges demolished in the late War to be repaired.

Charges for the same to be levied as by

22 H. VIII. c.5.

XV.

Six Justices of Monmouth in Sessions may levy for Usk and Basalegg Bridges.

Rot. Parl. 22 Cm II. mu. 13.

Corn and Grain may be exported at certain Times, although the Prices exceed the Rates of 15 Car. II. c.7.

paying Duty as by 12 Car. II. c. 4.

II.

When Corn does notexceedthe Rates herein mentioned certain Duties as herein mentioned to be paid.

22° Car. II. c. 13.

A.D. 1670.

But when Corn exceeds tboie Rates then the old Duties to be paid.

Duty

Pearl

III. on French or Barley.

IV.

Beef, Pork, &c. may be exported though the same exceed the Prices in is Car. II. c.4.

V.

Proviso for Poundage on Butter and Cheese.

VI.

Duty of 12d. on every Ox or Steer exported.

VII.

Duty of 12d. on Exportation of Cows or Heifersj

and of 2d. on Swine or Hogs.

VIII. Duty of f*. on Exportation of Horses, Mares, and Geldings.

For every Quarter of Barley or Malt when the same doth not exceede the price of two and thirty shillings the Quarter, there shall be answered and paid for the Custome and Poundage thereof the summe of sixteene shillings the Quarter.

For every Quarter of Bucke wheate when the same doth not exceede the price of two and thirty shillings the Quarter, there shall be answered and paid for the Custome and Poundage thereof the summe of sixteene shillings the Quarter.

For every Quarter of Oates when the same doth not exceede the summe of sixteene shillings the Quarter there shall be answered and paid for the Custome and Poundage thereof the summe of five shillings and sower pence the Quarter.

For every Quarter of Pease or Beanes when the same doth not exceede the summe of forty shillings the Quarter there shall be answered and paid for the Custome and Poundage thereof the summe of sixteene shillings the Quarter, each Quarter to containe eight Bushells, and each Bushell to containe eight Gallons and noe more.

But when the prices of the severall sorts of Come and Graine abovementioned shall exceede the respective Rates abovesaid at the times and places of Importation that then and in every such case there be answered and paid for the same the Dutyes payable in such case before the makeing of this Act.

And for the further Encouragement of French or Pearle Barley in this Kingdome That there shall be paid for the Custome of every hundred weight of French or Pearle Barley the summe of five shillings.

[And for the further Encouragement of Breeding and Feeding of Catle of all sorts Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the twenty fourth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred and seaventy and from thence forward It shall be lawfull for every person or persons Native or Forreiner at any time or times to shipp, lade and transport by way of Merchandize these sorts of Goods following that is to say Beefe, Porke Bacon Butter Cheese and Candles though the same doe exceede in price at the Ports from whence they are laden, and at the time of their lademg the prices sett downe and limitted in the aforesaid Act of this present Parlyament entituled A Subsidie granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage. The said Act or any other Law, Statute, Usage or other Prohibition to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, paying for the same the respective Rates appointed by the said Act and noe more.

Except and alwayes provided That for the Custome and Poundage of every Barrell of Butter there shall be paid one shilling, and for every hundred weight of Cheese sower pence and noe more. The aforesaid Act of Tonnage and Poundage or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the twenty fourth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and one there shall be paid for every Oxe or Steere that shall be transported into the parts beyond the Seas by any person or persons Native or Forreigner the summe of twelve pence and noe more. The aforesaid Act of Tonnage and Poundage or any other Law, Statute, Usage or other Prohibition to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June in the yeare aforesaid It shall be lawfull for any person or persons Native or Forreigner to shipp, lade or transport Cowes or Heifers paying for each Cow or Heifer the summe of twelve pence and noe more. And alsoe to shipp, lade or transport all sorts of Swine or Hoggs paying for each Swine or Hog two pence and noe more. Any Statute, Law, Usage or other Prohibition to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And for the further Encouragement of the Breed of Horses Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the twenty fourth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seaventy, and from thence forward it shall be lawfull for any person or persons Native or Forreigne at any time or times to shipp, lade and transport by way of Merchandise Horses or Mares into any parts beyond the Seas in Amity with his Majestie paying for each Horse or Mare the summe of five shillings, and for each Gelding the summe of five shillings and noe more, The aforesaid Act of Tonnage and Poundage or any other Law, Statute, Usage or any other Prohibition to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1670.

22° Car. II. c. 14.

687

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for settling the drayneing of the Fennes in Lincolneshire called Deepeing Fennes. (')

WHEREAS by an Act of this present Parliament made at a Session held in the Sixteenth and Seaventeenth yeare of His Majesties Raigne entituled An Act# for drayneing the Fenns called Deeping Fenns and other Fenns therein men£6ed It is amongst other things enacted, That the Trustees therein named their Heires and Assignes should drayne the said Fenns in manner as is therein expressed within the Space of seaven yeares then next ensueing But by reason of some inconveniencies in the said Act and other discouragements the said Trustees have delayed to proceed in the said worke; till by a Law Order and Decree of Sewers made at a Generali Sessions of Sewers holden at Spalding in the County of Lincolne the Foureteenth Day of Aprill in the One and twentieth yeare of his said Majesties raigne, it was adjudged ordered and decreed That in case the tyme remaineing and then yet to come of the seaven yeares aforesaid by reason of the unseasonablenesse of the weather or other unavoidable accident should not be sufficient for the compleateing and finishing the said worke, and should be soe adjudged and declared by six or more of the Comissioners of Sewers of the County of Lincolne, whereof three to be of the Hundred of Nesse at their Publique and open Sessions to be holden at Spalding aforesaid And the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes should within one halfe yeare after makeing the said Order and Decree of Sewers sufficiently maintaine and repaire the Banck called Hawthorn Banck and the Banck called the Douzens and soe from tyme to tyme should maintaine and preserve the same then the space or time of three yeares should be added and granted to the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes for the better effecting and finishing the said worke; And further it was then adjudged ordered and decreed by the said Comissio?': of Sewers That from thenceforth it should and might be lawfull for the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes to take

Earth and Manure for the makeing and repaireing any the Bancks made or to be made for the drayneing and

preservacbn of the said Fenns on the River or Washside in such proporcftn as need should require and where

Earth sufficient could not be had on that side that it should and might be lawfull for the said Trustees their

Heires and Assignes to take Earth and Manure on the Land side or inside of any the said Banks not exceeding sixscore foote distance from any the said Banks without payeing any satisfacftn: for the same, except for cutting or covering such Grounds as were then severall for which satisfadftn should be made and given by the Comissioners of Sewers appointed by the said Act; in such manner as by the said Act of Parliament is limitted and directed

And it was then alsoe adjudged ordered and decreed by the said Comissioners of Sewers that noe satisfa£5n should

be made or given to any person or persons for any losse or damage which by reason of any breach or overflowing hath or shall hereafter happen to any the Fenns [comonly1] called Deepeing Fenns or other the Fenns by the

said Act of Parliament intended to be drayned, for as much [as1] the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes

would be the greatest sufferers thereby By which said Law Order and Decree of Sewers the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes haveing been encouraged to proceed in the drayneing of the said Fenns untill an Act of Parliament might be obtained for their better assureance and security. And in confidence thereof haveing already expended great sumes of money in the said worke Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same That in case the tyme remaineing and yet to come of the seaven yeares afore mencbed by reason of the unseasonablenesse of the weather or other unavoidable accidents shall not be sufficient to compleate and finish the said worke and shall be soe adjudged and declared by six or more of the Comissioners of Sewers of the County of Lincolne whereof three to be of the Parts of Kesteven not interested in the said undertakeing at their publique and open Sessions to be holden at Spalding aforesaid And the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes shall within one halfe yeare after the passing of this Act sufficiently [maintaine and1] repaire the said Bank called the Douzens and the said Bank called Hawthorne Bank and soe from tyme to tyme shall maintaine and preserve the same then the space or tyme of three yeares shall be added and granted unto the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes for the better effecting and finishing the said worke,

And further, bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from henceforth it shall and may be lawfull for the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes to take Earth and Manure for the makeing and repaireing any the Banks made or to be made for the dreyneing and preserva£6n of the said Fenns on the River or Wash side of any the said Banks in such proporc&n as need shall require, and where Earth sufficient cannot be had on that side it shall and may be lawfull for the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes to take Earth and Manure on the Land side or inside of any the said Banks not exceeding sixscore foote distance from any of the said Banks without paieing any sadsfacbn for the same except for cutting and covering such Grounds as now are severall for which sadsfacbn shall be made and given by the Comissioners of Sewers appointed by the said Act in such manner as [in and1] by the said Act of Parliament is limitted and directed

0. m. 28.

Recital of 16 & 17 Car. II. c. 11. § 2.

But that by reason of some Inconveniencies in the said Act, and

other Discouragements, the Trustees had delayed to proceed till by a Decree of Sewers made at a General Sessions of Sewers at Spalding, in the County of Lincoln, 14th April 21C. II. it was decreed as herein mentioned

and that the said Trustees had been encouraged to proceed by the said Decree until an Act of Parliament could be obtained, and that in Confidence thereof they had expended great Sums of Money in the said Work.

If the Trustees should be delayed by the Weather,Sic. and so adjudged by Six or more Commissioners; and should within Half a Year from the passing of this Act repair Douzens and Hawthorne Banks, then TTiree Years further allowed for finishing.

II.

Trustees may take Earth and Manure for Repairs)

and if need be, from the Land Side or Inside of the Banks, without paying, except as herein mentioned.

And further be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That noe sadsfacon shall be made or given to any pson or peons for any losse or damage which by reason of any breach or overflowing hath or shall hereafter happen to any the Fenns now comonly called Deeping Fenns or other the Fenns by the said Act intended to be drayned, forasmuch as the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes will be the greatest sufferers thereby Any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding

111.

No Satisfaction for overflowing, &c. as the Trustees will be the greatest Sufferers.

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office.

* interlined.

22° Car. II. c. 14.

A.D. 1670.

IV.

Recital that by the said Act 3,500 Acres, and 1, coo Acres were added to the Trustees, to be set out as therein mentioned.

The said Trustees to hold the same,

V.

Persons stopping Rivers or Drains, cutting Banks, &c. (Exception) to make Satisfaction to Party, or punished.

VI. Undertakers, Owners of 250 Acres or upwards, may meet at the Times and Place herein mentioned, and impose an Acre Tax on the 10,036 Acres

and also a Penalty.

If Tax not paid, then such Penalty to be levied. Proceedings if Tax and Penalty be unpaid until the Thursday next after the Second Sunday in April.

Receiver on Warrant may enter Lands and take the Rents, fee. till Tax and Penalty satisfied.

Proceedings if Tax and Penalty with such other Tax and Penalty not paid before the Thursday next after the Second Sunday in the next April.

VII.

No Tax laid at any other Time.

VIII.

If Money raised on Lands, fee. of Undertakers, or their Tenants, by Authority given to Commissioners of Sewers, and Treasurer to the Undertakers do not satisfy the same, with Damages, within 20 Days from Demana;

And whereas by the said Act Three thousand five hundred Acres, and One thousand Acres and Five hundred Acres are added and allotted to the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes Which said Three thousand five hundred Acres One thousand Acres and Five hundred Acres were to be admeasured by Statute Measure by two Artists and sett out by them at the charge of the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes or the Survivor of them one to be chosen by the Comissioners of Sewers for Kesteven and Holland and one other by the said Undertakers, Which said Three thousand five hundred Acres, and One thousand Acres and Five hundred Acres have been since admeasured and sett out according to the direccbns in the said Act Bee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes shall hold and enjoy the same as they are soe sett forth or now enclosed

And for the better security and preservacbn of the said works Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesd That if any person or persons except such as shall be authorized by the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes shall wilfully or maliciously stopp any River or Drayne cutt breake or throw downe any Bank Sluce or other worke made or to be made within or without thr said Fenns except as in the said Act is limitted and pmitted such person or persons offending as aforesd shall make full satisfacbn to the person and persons as shall be injured thereby to be recovered by an Accbn in any of His Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Proteccbn or Wager of Law shall be allowed and in case he or they soe offending shall not be able to give or make satisfacbn as aforesaid then such person or persons shall and may be prosecuted and punished for the gun* as in the case of cutting the Poe Dik in Marsland is provided

And for the more convenient layeing and leavying of Taxes, and for the better security of all such persons as shall become Participants and Adventurers in the said work under the said Trustees their Heires and Assignes Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesd That the Undertakers in the said Act menebed their Heires and Assignes or any three or more of them each of them being Owner of Two hundred and fifty Acres or more part of the Tenn thousand thirty six Acres by the said Act made chargeable with Taxes for carrying on the dreyneing of the said Fenns shall and may at a Publique Meeting of the said Undertakers to be holden at the Towne of Spalding in the County of Lincolne on [the1] Thursday next after the second Sunday in Aprill yearely (at which tyme and place the said Undertakers are hereby enjoyned to hold their publique meeting once in every yeare for ever hereafter) assesse and rate an equall Acre Tax on all and every the said Tenn thousand thirty six Acres to be paid on the Tenth Day of October then next following and alsoe impose a Penaltie not exceeding the third part of the said Tax, and if the said Tax be not paid by the respective Undertakers at or before the Tenth Day of November then next following then such Undertakers soe faileing shall forfeit the Penaltie imposed to be leavyed together with the said Tax by sequestracbn and sale of the Land of such Undertakers in such manner as is herein after expressed (that is to say) if the said Tax and Penaltie or any part thereof be unpaid untill the Thursday after the second Sunday in Aprill then next following that it shall and may be lawfull for the said Undertakers or any three or more of them qualified as aforesd at their publique meeting on the last menebed Thursday at the Towne of Spalding aforesaid by a Writeing under their Hands and Seales to that purpose made and directed to their Receivor for the tyme being to cause to be seized and sequestred the Lands for which such Tax and Penaltie shall be soe in arreare, And the said Receivor is hereby enabled upon receipt of such Writeing to enter upon the said Lands and to take receive and leavy the Rents Issues and Profitts thereof till the said Tax and Penalty due as aforesaid be fully satisfied the same to be imployed for the dreyneing and preserving the said Fenns without any accompt to be given thereof to the Owner or Owners of such Lands And if the said Tax and Penaltie with such other Tax and Penaltie as shall be due dureing the said Sequestracbn shall not be fully satisfied before the Thursday next after the second Sunday in Aprill then next following that it shall and may be lawfull for any three or more of the said Undertakers qualified as aforesd at their then publique meeting at the Towne of Spalding aforesaid by Deed under their Hands and Seales duely executed and enrolled or entred within three moneths then next following with the Register of the said Undertakers in his Register Booke for entering Conveyances to bargaine and sell to any pson or psons such or soe much of the said Lands for which such Tax and Penaltie shall be in arreare as shall be sufficient to sadsfye the said Tax or Taxes and Penalties in arreare and to retume the Overplus of the money (if any be) to the Owners of the said Lands Which Deed soe executed and enrolled or entered is hereby enacted to be a sufficient Conveyance of the said Lands to such person or persons to whom the same shall be bargained and sold as aforesaid

And be it enacted that noe Tax for dreyneing or preserveing the said Fenns shall at any tyme hereafter be taxed or leavyed at any other tyme or in any other manner then is herein before expressed

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any sume or sumes of money shall be raised or leaved by vertue of the Authority given by the said Act to the Comissioners of Sewers upon the Lands Goods or Chattells of the Adventurers or Owners of the said Tenn thousand thirty six Acres or any of them or upon the Lands Goods or Chattells of any their respective Tenants Farmo": or Occupiers for any the matters or things in the said Act menebed if the Trear for the tyme being to the said Undertakers shall not within Twenty Dayes after demand made pay and sadsfye the same with such Damages as such person or persons shall susteyne thereby to such person or persons on whose Lands Goods or Chattells any sume or sumes of money shall be

1 interlined.

A.D. 1670.

22° Cab. II. c. 14.

689

raised or leavyed as aforesaid that then the person and persons soc dampnified shall and may devide the said sume or sumes of money leavyed on him or them as aforesaid together with his or their Damages susteyned thereby into equall proportions to be charged on every the Owners of the said Ten thousand thirty six Acres in a rateable way according to their respective number of Acres, and if any such Owner shall not within Twenty Dayes after demand pay to the partyes soe dampnified his respective part or proportion thereof such person or persons soe dampnified shall and may recover the same by ActiOn of Debt against the person or persons soe neglecting or refuseing to pay the same in any of His Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster in which A£6n noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall bee admitted.

then Persons damnified may divide such Monies and Damages, and charge Owners of the 10,036 Acres proportionally. Such Owners not

Action for Persons damnified.

. Provided alwaies and bee it further enacted that it shall and may bee lawfiill for six or more of the ComissioSs of Sewers for the County of Lincolne to direct the cutting of any the Bankes in the said Parts of Holland without the said Fenns for the laying downe any Tunnell or Tunells in such place or manner as to them shall seeme meete for the takeing in or letting out of Water to any the Lands of Spalding Pinchbeck or Weston but the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes shall not stand chargeable therewith nor shall be lyable to make or give any satisfaction for any damage hapning thereby

And bee itt further enatied that it shall not be lawfull for any person or persons whatsoever to lett or take any Waters out of the Rivers of Glean or Welland into any other place or places then into the places afore mentioned or into the Fenns comonly called Deeping Fenns but the said Trustees their Heires or Assignes their Servants or Agents or any other person shall have power imediatly to stop the same and alsoe shall or may recover Damages against such person or persons soe offending by Action in any of His MaUe# Courts at Westminster in which Action noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall bee admitted. Any Law Statute Costome or XJsuage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

IX.

Six or more Commiuionert of Sewers for the County of Lincoln may direct cutting of Banks for laying down Tunnels as herein mentioned, but not to charge Trustees.

X.

Proviso respecting taking Waters out of the Rivers of Glean and Welland.

Action against Offenders.

ITEM qusedam petitiones privatas personas concementes (in se formam A&us continentes) exhibite fuerunt, predifto Domino Regi in Parliament predido, quarum tituli subscribuntur.

An Act for John Mannors, called Lord Roos, to marry againe.

2. An Act for setleing certaine charitable Uses devised by John late Bishop of Rochester.

3. An Act for to enable Anthony Ashley Esquire Sonne of the Lord Ashley to acknowledge Fines and suffer

Recoveries of Lands and Hereditaments whitest he is under the age of twenty and one yeares.

4. An Act for setleing part of the estate of Dame Susan Bellasis Widdow late Wife of Sir Henry Bellasis deceased.

5. An Act for confirmeing Purchasers Estates and for setleing the differences betweene the Lady Elizabeth Lee, and the daughters and Coheires of the late Earle of Downe.

6. An Act to enable the Trustees for the Lord Viscount Strangford of the Kingdome of Ireland to sell certaine Lands for the payment of the remainder of his debts.

7. An Act for the enableing Sir William Go6twicke Knight to make a Joynture to Dame Mary his wife.

8. An Act for confirmeing the Estate of Sir Ralph Bankes in the Mannour of Thesbestet alias Thirsbestet and

other Lands in the County and County and Burrough of Carmarthen.

9. An Act for sale of Lands to pay the debts and raise portions for the younger children of Sir Cuthbert Heron Baronet.

10. An Act to enable Dame Elizabeth Routh Mother (and Executrix of the last Will and Testament) of Dorothy Farewell Widdow deceased late the Reliti and Executrix of John Farewell late of the Inner Temple London Esquire, to sell certaine Lands for the payment of debts.

11. An Act for setleing the Mannour or Lordshipp of Firbecke in the County of Yorke and other Lands therein mentioned on Trustees to enable them to sell the same for the payment of debts.

12. An Act for the building of a Mansion House for the Deane of Saint Pauls Church London.

13. An Act concerning the disposeing of a house and Lands belonging to the Sisters and Coheires of Margaret Strode.

8 N

690

22° Car. II.

A.D. 1670.

14. An Act for endowment of a Church at Shadwell now in the Parish of Stepney in Midlesex and ring of it Parochiall distinct from Stepney

15. An Act for setleing the draining of the Fenns in Lincolnshire called Deeping Fenns.

16. An Act for makeing navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Waveney.

17. An Act to enable Thomas Hord Esquire to make Leases of his Estate.

18. An Act to enable Richard Beckham and others to sell Lands to pay his Fathers debts and to raise portions

for his younger brothers.

19. An Act to enable John Bill Esquire to sell certaine Lands in Kent and Surrey.

20. An Act for enableing Thomas Leigh Esquire to sell part of his Lands for payment of debts,

at. An Act to enable Robert Hotchkin to sell Lands to pay debts and raise portions for daughters.

22. An Act to enable Henry and Jane Perkins to ensure to Doctor Wharton Lands purchased in the Comity

Palatine of Durham.

23. An Act

24. An Act

25. An Act

to enable Thomas Davison to sell Lands to pay debts and provide for younger Children, for the naturalization of Captaine Christopher Gunman and others, for the naturalizing of Horatio Woodhouse and others.

( 691 )

Annis 22? & 23°CAROLI, II. A.D. 1670 & 1671.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second,

And by several Prorogations Continued until the Fourteenth Day of February,

In the TWENTY-SECOND Year of the same King,

And from thence continued until the Twenty-second Day of April,

In the TWENTY-THIRD Year of the same King,

In the Ninth Session of the same Parliament.

Cjr ftotulo i&arttamtntt tie 3nnt0 i&egtri ftegts Carol* &ecuntrt TOtccsimo

seeunDo $ ffltcesimo tertto*

In PARLIAMENTO inchoaf et ten! apud Westmonasteriu Octavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenisami atq> Excellendssimi Dftti nn Caroli Secundi Dei Gratia Anglie Scotie Francie et Hifcinie Regis Fidei Defensoris he Dedmo-terdo et per seperales Prorogac6es usq> ad et in Decimu quartu Die February Anno didi Dfiii Regis Vicesimo-secundo et abinde usqs ad et in Vicesimu secundu Die Aprilis Anno didi Dfiii Regis Vicesimo-tertio condnua! (videh in nona ejusde Parliamend Sessione) Comuni oiu Drioru ta Spualiu qua Temporaliu et Comunitads Consensu et Regie Majestads Assensu sancita, inaditata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequenda bee Statuta ad Verbu ut sequitur videlicet.

CHAPTER L

An Act to pvent Malitious maiming and wounding.

VTWHEREAS upon the one and twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred vv and seaventy a violent and inhumane Attempt was made upon the person of Sir John Coventry Knight of the honourable Order of the Bath being a Member of the Commons House of Parliament and then attending the Parlyament, and upon the person of his Servant William Wilkes by a considerable number of armed men, both on Foote and Horsebacke whereby the said Sir John Coventry and his said Servant then lost severall Goods, and the said Sir John Coventry received diverse Wounds some of which were given him in such barbarous manner that some of the Offenders held him whilst others wounded him. And whereas by severall Bills of Indictment found by the Grand Jury for the Citty and Liberty of Westminster, where the said Fads were committed Sir Thomas Sandys Knight, Charles Obrian Esquire, Symon Parry and Miles Reeves among others stand indicted of Fellony and Robbery for the same but have fled from Justice not dareing to abide a legall Tryall, Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons assembled in Parliament and by the authoritie of the same That if the said Sir Thomas Sandys Charles Obrian Symon Parry and Miles Reeves shall not render themselves to the Lord Cheife Justice of his Majestyes Court of Kings Bench or to some other of the Justices of the said Court on or before the tenth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seaventy in order to their Tryalls for the Fads aforesaid That then such of them the said Sir Thomas Sandys Charles Obrian Simon Parry and Miles Reeves as shall not soe render himselfe as aforesaid shall and doe suffer perpetual! Exile and be for ever banished this Realme and all other his Majestyes Dominions.

R*t. Parl.tthii C.II. p. i. m. i.

Preamble.

Sir Thomas Sandy b, See. not rendering themselves by a Day to be perpetually banished.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 1.

.Z).i670Sri67i.

II.

Adjournment of the Gaol Delivery for Middlesex.

1H.

Sir Thomas Sandy#, &c. not rendering, or returning and not rendering themselves, adjudged Felons.

IV.

No Pardon for the said Sir Thomas Sandys, &c. but by Act of Parliament, and to be therein particularly named.

V.

Any of the Offenders (Exception) rendering themselves and informing;

and giving Security to give Evidence.

Pardoned.

VL

Malicious maiming made Felony.

Proviso for Blood, Dower, fee.

VII. Session of Parliament not determined.

[And bee it enacted That the Goale delivery for the County of Midlesex and the Citty of London which is intended to be holden the two and twentyeth day of February One thousand six hundred and seaventy shall be adjourned till the said tenth day of March, and the Justices of the said Goale delivery or any two of them are hereby authorized and required to adjoume the same accordingly, and that noe Tryalls shall be there proceeded upon before the tenth day of March aforesaid.']

And if the said Sir Thomas Sandys Charles Obrian Simon Parry and Miles Reeves or any of them shall not render themselves as aforesaid, and shall at any time retume into or be found in England, or any other his Majestyes Dominions after the said tenth day of March Then such of them the said Sir Thomas Sandys Charles Obrian Symon Parry and Miles Reeves as shall not render himselfe and yet retume or be found as aforesaid shall from the said one and twentyeth day of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seaventy be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of the said Fellonyes and Robberyes, and shall by vertue of this A8t be adjudged to be convicted [and attainted1] of Felony and Robbery without any benefit of Clergy to all intents and purposes as if they had beene thereof convicted and attainted by due Tryall and Judgement of Law and shall suffer such paines [penalties3] and forfeitures as by Law are to be inflicted upon Felons attaint not haveing benefitt of Clergy.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That neither the said Sir Thomas Sandys Charles Obrian Symon Parry Miles Reeves nor any who upon the attempt aforesaid actually tooke away any Goods from the persons of Sir John Coventry or his said Servant, or actually gave any Blow or Wound to the said Sir John Coventry or his said Servant, or held or kepte downe the said Sir John Coventry or his said Servants while they the said Sir John Coventry and his said Servant or either of them were robbed beaten or wounded, nor any who commanded the Party either of Horsemen or Footemen in executeing the aforesaid vilanous and barbarous attempt shall be pardoned any of the Offences in this Act mentioned, but are made incapeable of any Pardon for the same from the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors unlesse by Act of Parlyament, wherein such person or persons shall be perticularly named.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any the said Offenders other then the said Sir Thomas Sandys Charles Obryan Simon Parry and Miles Reeves and such as did actually rob, strike, or wound

the said Sir John Coventry or his said Servant, or held or kept them or any of them downe, till they or either

of them were robbed, beaten or wounded as aforesaid, and other then such as commanded any Partie in the said attempt shall before the [eigth4] day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seaventy voluntarily render him or themselves to the Lord Cheife Justice of the said Court of Kings Bench, or to some other of the Jusdces of the said Court, and acknowledge his said Offences and declare his whole knowledge of the Fa&s aforesaid, and of the persons acting therein, and shall discover to the Lord Cheife Jusdce or other

Jusdce as aforesaid some of the persons, who wounded or held, robbed or strucke as aforesaid Sir John Coventry

or his Servant, or commanded as aforesaid, and shall give such Security as the said Cheife Justice or other the said Justice before whome such Render shalbe made as aforesaid shall thinke reasonable to give Evidence, if lawfully required against the Offenders by this Act made incapeable of Pardon, soe that the said Lord Cheife Jusdce or such other Jusdce of the said Court, to whome such Render shall be made as aforesaid shall be satisfyed that he or they soe rendering him or themselves have declared the truth according to the best of then-knowledge, and obtaine a Certificate from the said respective Cheife Justice, or Justice before whome such Render was made to that effect under the Hand and Seale of the said Cheife Justice or Justice, He and they soe rendering him and themselves and delareing as aforesaid shall by the authority aforesaid be pardoned the said Assaults, Felonies and Robberies, and immediately from and after the obtaining such Certificate as aforesaid he and they soe rendering him and themselves and declareing as aforesaid shall be deemed adjudged and taken to be hereby to all intents and purposes pardoned acquitted and discharged from the said Crimes and Felonies and from all further Prosecutions and Imprisonments, Indi&ments, Convictions Attainders Paines, Penalties or Forfeitures that may accrew for the same.

And for the prevention of the like mischeifes for the time to come, Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons from and after the sower and twentyeth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred seaventy and one on purpose and of malice forethought and by lyeing in waite shall unlawfully cutt out, or disable the Tongue, putt out an Eye, slitt the Nose, cutt off a Nose or Lipp, or cutt off, or disable any Limbe or Member of any Subject of his Majestie with intention in soe doeing to maime or disfigure in any the maimers before mentioned such his Majestyes Subject, that then and in every such case the person or persons soe offending, their Councellours Ayders and Abetters (knowing of and privy to the Offence as aforesaid) shall be and are hereby declared to be Felons, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without benefit of Clergy. Provided That noe Attainder of such Felony shall extend to corrupt the Blood or forfeite the Dower of the Wife, or the Lands Goods or Chattells of the Offender.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared and enacted That his Majesties Royall Assent to this Bill shall not determine this Session of Parliament.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* interlined on the Roll.

s punishments 0.

4 eighth O.

A.D.W10 tt 1671.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 2, 3

693

CHAPTER II.

An Act for Continuance of a former AS endtuled An Act to pvent Delayes in extending Statutes Judgements

and Recognizances.

WHEREAS one Ad of Parlyament made in a late Session of this present Parlyament held in the sixteenth and seaventeenth yeares of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord the King that now is Endtuled An Act to prevent Delayes in extending Statuts, Judgements and Recognizances to continue in force for three yeares and to the end of the next Session of Parlyament after the said three yeares and noe longer. Now forasmuch as it appeares that the said Law is benefidall to the people of this Realme Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authorise of the same that the said Act shall remaine and be perpetuall from the end of the last Session of Parlyament.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for granting a Subsidy to his Majesde for Supply of his Extraordinary Occasions.

Most gratious Soveraigne.

WEE your Majestyes most dutyfull and loyall Subjects the Commons assembled in Parlyament haveing entred into a due and serious consideration of the extraordinary Occasions which oblige your Majesde to a great and present Expence for the necessary Defence of your Realmes, and considering your Majestyes great Debts and being desireous to raise such Aydes and Supplyes as may be proportionable to these Occasions Doe humbly present your Majesde with the free gift of the Rates Subsidies and Assesments here[in*] after mentioned, which wee humbly beseech your Majesde gratiously to accept of as a Testimony of the dutyfull affections of us your Subjects, and that your Majestie would be pleased that it may be enacted, And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That our Soveraigne Lord the King his Heires and Successors shall have and receive the Rates Subsidyes and Assesments hereafter mentioned, of and from every person Spirituall and Temporall of what Estate or Degree soever he or they be of; which said Rates Subsidyes and Assesments shall be taxed, assessed, leavyed and paid into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer according to the tenour of this Act and in manner and forme following, That is to say,

Whereas several I persons being Goldsmiths and others by takeing or borrowing great summes of money, and lending out the same againe for extraordinary lucre and proffitt have gained and acquired [unto *] themselves the Reputacbn and Name of Bankers. It is hereby further enacted That all and every such persons haveing any personall Estates in Debts oweing to them or to any others in trust for them within the Realme or without or haveing any ready moneys shall yeild or pay unto his Majestie for every one hundred pounds of such debts or ready moneys the summe of fifteene shillings, and soe after that rate for any greater summe then an hundred pounds.

And bee it further enacted That all moneys lent to his Majestie for which above six pounds per Cens shall be oweing or payable by his Majestie upon the first day of May One thousand six hundred and seaventy one, either as Interest Consideration Gratuity or otherwise shall pay per Cent fifteene shillings, And the Auditor of the Receipt and the severall Imprest Accomptants for the time being are hereby required to deliver severall Certificates of all such moneys and by whome they jare severally lent (that is to say) the Auditor of the Receipt to certifie the Names of all such persons to whome such Reward is then payable in the Exchequer, and the respective Imprest Accomptants to certifie the Names of the respective persons of whome they have borrowed any summe of money for which such gratuity or reward is then payable over and above the usuall Interest of six pounds per Cent per Annu, and to deliver or cause to be delivered such their severall Certificates to the Alderman of of the Ward of Cheape in the Citty of London before the twentyeth of May One thousand six hundred and seaventy one on penalty of the losse of the respective Offices and Places which they respectively holde for any wilfull default herein, Which Alderman of the Ward is within six dayes after receipt of such Certificates to deliver the same over to the Assessors appointed for the said Ward, or within six dayes after such Assessors shall be appointed, which Assessors are accordingly to assesse the same and to retume to the respective Comissioners the assesment by them made of all such moneys, which said Comissioners are hereby impowered and required to cause all such assesments to be leavyed and paid to his Majestie by the power of this AS, and in case of sailer of payment to leavy such Forfeitures as are due, and doe all other things to be done in the like case according to the tenour or vertue of this AS.

8 O

Roi. Perl. 22 k st C.II. p. I. Mf. s.

16& 17 Car.U. c.y.

perpetual.

Roi. Pari\ 22 k 23 C. //. p. 1. mu. 3.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Rates hereby granted to be paid into the Exchequer.

II.

15s. for every £100 on Personal Estate to be paid by Bankers.

III.

Monies owing by His Majesty 1st May 1671 at above j£6 per Cent, to pay 15s.

Auditor of Receipt and Imprest Accountants to make Certificates by whom such Money has been lent; to be delivered to Alderman of Ward of Cheap before 20th May, on Loss of Office ; and by him within Six Days to Assessors, who are to return Assessment to Commissioners, who are to cause same to be levied.

22° & 23° Cab. II. c. 3.

A.D. 1670 & 16?1.

IV.

Banker* may stop los. for every a£ioo upon Repayment to Creditors;

and to bear

remaining 58. themselves.

V.

Proviso respecting Bankers paying more than once 15s. on every sgioo.

VI.

Money lent to His Majesty upon the Credit of this Act to have Interest at 7 per Cent.

No Money so lent to be assessed.

VII. Personal Estates not otherwise charged to pay Six Shillings per Cent.

Exception.

VIII. Public Officers to pay as. in the Pound.

Deducing the Third Part for'* Charges.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That in every case as aforesaid where fifteene shillings shall be paid for

one hundred pounds and after that rate for a greater summe, it shall be lawfull for every such Banker Goldsmith

or other person as aforesaid to make stopp or dedud ten shillings and noe more of every such fifteene shillings soe by him paid for moneys which he shall have soe borrowed or taken up, when he shall pay backe all such moneyes soe by him borrowed or taken up, and it shall be allowed him upon account by all and every such [his1] Creditor or Creditors their Executors Administrators or Assignes accordingly, and the remaineing five shillings shall be borne and paid by the said Banker, Goldsmith and other person as aforesaid and upon their owne accompt onely.

Provided alwayes That noe such Banker, Goldsmith or other person as aforesaid shall by vertue of this Act pay to his Majesty more then fifteene shillings for one and the same Hundred pound Any thing in this AS to

the contrary notwithstanding. But if it shall happen that any of them shall be twice assessed for the same

money, then the Certificate under the respective Collector and two Cdmissers Hands of the due payment thereof in one place shall for soe much discharge every of them in all other places.

Provided allwayes and it is hereby enacted That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any person and persons to advance and lend unto his Majestie upon the security of this Act any summe or summes of money, and to have and receive for the forbearance thereof after the rate of seaven pounds per Cent for one whole yeare. Any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding, and noe more directly or indirectly either for Interest, Gratuity or Reward. And moreover that noe money soe lent upon the Security of this Act, or upon the Security of any other Act of Parlyament passed or to be passed dureing this present Session of Parlyament att the rate of seaven pounds per Cent shall be rated or assessed by vertue of this Act Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate, Guilds or Fraternityes within this Kingdome of England, Dominion of Wales, or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede haveing any personall Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandizes Stocke, or other Chattells personall whatsoever not otherwise charged by this Act either in their owne possession or in the possession of others in trust for them, except and out of the Premisses deduced such summes of money as he and they doe owe, and in his or their Conscience intend truely to pay, the Stocke upon Land or the Product thereof in the Hands of the Occupyer or first Owner, and such Goods as are used for Householdstuffe, Money and Debts excepted shall yeild and pay unto his Majestie for every Hundred pounds worth of such Goods, Wares Merchandizes Stocke or other Chattells personall the Summe of six shillings and soe after that rate for every greater quantity of such Goods and Chattells to be assessed leavyed and collected in manner herein after mentioned.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons Comisser and Cdmissers haveing useing or exerciseing any Office or Place of publiqs imployment whatsoever (such persons who are or shall be in Muster or Pay at Land or Sea onely excepted) and all and every their Deputyes, Agents, Clerkes Secondaryes Substitutes and other their inferiour Ministers and Servants whatsoever shall yeild and pay unto his Majestie the summe of Two shillings for every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive in one yeare by vertue of any Fees, Proffitts, Perquisits, or other advantages to him or them accrueing, or by reason or occasion of their severall Offices, Agencies or Imployments, the third part being deduced for the Charges for the manageing of the said Offices to be assessed imposed, leavyed and collected in such manner, as is herein after mentioned.

IX.

Lands, Mines, &c. to pay iad.in the Pound of the yearly Value for one Year;

to be rated as now worth, if let at a Rack Rent, and without reaped to present Rents or former Taxes.

And to the end a further Ayde and Supply of his Majestyes Occasions may be raised and leavyed by a Charge upon all Lands and Tenements and that the same may be laid with asmuch equality and indifferency as is possible, and by a Pound Rate of Twelve pence for every Twenty Shillings of the cleare yearely Value (for one yeare onely and noe longer) and soe upwards: Therefore it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every the Messuages, Mannours Lands and Tenements aswell Freehold as Copyhold, all and every the Mines of Coale Tynne or Leade, all Allom-mines or Workes, all Parkes, Chases, Warrens, Woods, Underwoods and Coppices, Fishings, Tythes, Tolls and all other yearely Proffitts and Hereditaments of what nature or kinde soever they be, sdtuate, lyeing and being within the Kingdome of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke* upon Tweede or within any the Countyes, Cittyes Burroughes Townes Divisions Hundreds Rideings Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and places thereof aswell within auntient Demesne and other Liberties and priviledged places as without shall be, and are hereby charged for one yeare onely and noe longer with the Summe of Twelve pence for every Twenty Shillings of the cleare yearely Value and soe upwards, And all and every person and persons ^odyes Pollkiqs and Corporate Guilds Misteryes Fraternityes and Brotherhoods whether Corporate or not Corporate haveing or holding any Messuages [Mannors1] Lands Tenements Hereditaments or any other the Premisses sha(l yeild and pay unto his Majestie the Summe of Twelve Pence for every Twenty Shillings by the yeare, which the said Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements and Hereditaments and other the Premisses are now worth to be leased, if the same were truely and bona fide leased or demised at a Racke Rent and according to the full true reall and cleare yearely Value thereof without any respect had to the present Rents therefore reserved if the same have beene reserved upon such Leases or Estates made for which any Fyne or Income hath beene paid or secured, and without any

A.D. 1670 & 1671

22° & 23° Car. II. c.3.

695

respe# had to any former Rates or Taxes thereupon imposed, Which said Summe of Twelve Pence for every Twenty Shillings by the yeare of the said full and cleare yearely Value of the Premisses shall be assessed leavyed and collected in manner hereafter mentioned, and shall be paid into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer by sower equall and successively Quarterly Payments, The first Payment thereof to beginne and to be made upon the Twenty fourth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy one.

And whereas many of the Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Tythes Hereditaments or Premisses intended by this Act to be charged with the Pound Rate as aforesaid stand incumbred with, or are subject and lyeable to the Payment of severall Rent Charges or Annuityes issueing out of the same, or to the payment of diverse Fee farme Rents, Rents Services or other Rents thereupon reserved, by reason whereof the true Owners and Proprietors of such Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses doe not in trueth receive to their owne use the full yearely value of the same, For which neverthelesse they are by this Act charged to pay the full Pound-rate of twelve pence for every twenty shillings of the true yearely value, It is therefore declared and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull [to and'] for die Landlords Owners and Proprietors of such Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses as are charged with the Pound Rate as aforesaid to abate and dedud and to retaine and keepe in his and their Hands Twelve pence in the pound out of every Fee farme Rent and other annuall Rent and Payment charged upon, or issueing out of the Premisses or any part thereof or thereupon reserved, And all and every person or persons Bodyes Pollidque or Corporate being indebted in any Summe or Summes of Money upon Contract for Interest shall for the better enableing them to pay and beare the Subsidyes and Charges herein before respectively imposed upon them bee allowed by vertue of this Act after the rate of Twelve pence in the pound out of all such Interest money which shall be paid and grow due for any time betweene the five and twentyeth day of March One thousand six hundred seaventy and one, and the five and twentyeth day of March One thousand six hundred seaventy and two by his or their respective Creditor or Creditors out of the Debts soe by them oweing as aforesaid and may and are hereby enabled to dedud retaine and discount the same Any Contract or Agreement Mortgage Bond Condition Provision or other Assurance to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. And all and every person and persons who are or shall be any way endtuled to such Rents and Annuall Payments are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the residue of such Moneyes as shall be due and payable [unto’] them as aforesaid And all Tennants are hereby saved harmelesse from [any further payment of1] the Twelve pence in the pound soe deducted, as fully and amply as if the same had beene paid into his Majestyes Exchequer or to such Creditor or other person to whome the same would otherwise have become due and payable.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the better assessing, ordering, leavying and collecting of the severall Summes of Money soe as aforesaid limitted and appointed to be paid, and for the more effectuall putting of this present Act in Execution it shall and may be lawfull for his Majesde to issue out or cause to be issued out under the Great Seale of England such and soe many Commissions as his Majestie shall thinke fitt, and therein, and thereby to nominate constitute and appointe such and soe many persons to be Commissioners Tor putting this present Act in Execution, and alsoe soe many of them to be a Quorum as his Majestie shall thinke convenient for the Service of this Act, Which said C5mis3ers soe as aforesaid to be nominated and appointed shall in their respective Countyes, Cittyes, Burroughes, Divisions Townes and Places in their respective Commissions mentioned meete together at the most usuall or common place of Meeting within each of the said Countyes, Cityes, Burroughs Divisions Townes and Places respectively at or before the tenth day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and one or such other day as his Majestie by his Commission shall appointe, And the said Comissers or soe many of them as shall be present at the first generall Meeting or the major part of them may by their Consents and Agreements divide aswell themselves as other the ComisSers not then present for the Execution of this Act in Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Wards Townes and other places within their Limitts priviledged or not priviledged in such manner and forme as to them shall seeme expedient; And shall direct their severall or joynt Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants, High-Constables Petty-Constables Bayliffes and other like Officers and Ministers and such number of them as they in their Discretions shall thinke most convenient requireing them to appeare before the said Comissers at such time and place as they shall appoint not exceeding ten dayes And at such their Appearances the said Comissers shall openly reade or cause to be reade unto them the Rates and Assesments in this Act mentioned, and alsoe openly declare the Effect of their Charge unto them, and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates and how they ought to proceede in the Execution of this Act according to the Rates aforesaid.

And if any High Constable Petty Constable Bayliffe or other Officer or Minister to whom any Precept shall be directed shall absent themselves without lawfull Excuse, to be witnessed by the Oathes of two credible Witnesses, Or if any person appeareing shall refuse to serve, Then every such person soe makeing Defaulte or refuseing to serve shall for every time of such Defaulte or Refusall forfeite and loose unto the Kings Majestie such Summe as the ComisSers shall thinke fitt, not exceeding the Summe of forty shillings.

And after such generall Meeteing had and Charge given as aforesaid, the said ComisSers shall take care that Warrants be issued forth and directed to two at the least of the most able and sufficient Inhabitants of each Parish Towneship or Place within their respective Divisions thereby appointing and requireing them to be Assessors

' to 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

The said Assessments to be paid in Four Quarterly Payments j the First to be made 24th June 1671.

X.

Recital that divers of the Lands, See. charged are incumbered with Rent Charges, See.

The Proprietor of any Land so incumbered may dedud rad. in the Pound out of every Fee-farm Rent or other annual Rent.

Persons indebted upon Contract for Interest may dedud 12d. in the Pound out of Interest growing due, from 25th March 1671 to 25th March 167 2.

Persons entitled to such Rents, See, to allow such Deduction.

Indemnity to Tenants.

XI.

His Majesty to appoint Commissioners by Commissions under the Great Seal.

Commissioners to meet in the several Counties, See. at or before the 10th May 1671;

and may subdivide themselves.

Commissioners to direct Precepts to Inhabitants, Scc. requiring them to appear, then to read the Rates, and charge them how to make Certificates, See.

XII. Persons to whom Precept directed .b^nting or refusing ; Penalty.

XIII.

At or after such General Meeting Commissioners to direct Warrants for Assessors;

696

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 3.

A.D. 1670 & 1671*

tnd to prefix a Day and Place to bring in Certificates of Names of Persons, and of Personal Estate, Offices, &c.

Assessors to inform themselves by all lawful Ways of the full yearly Value of Manors, &c. and other Hereditaments;

and then to assess i ad. per Pound of full yearly Value;

and to bring at time prefixed a Certificate of Assessment, and to return Collectors, for whose Payment to the Head CoUe&ors Parish to be answerable.

of all and every the Rates and Dutyes by this Act imposed, and shall therein alsoe [appoint and*] prefix a certain* day and place for the said Assessors to appeare before them and to bring in their Certificates in Writeing of the Names and Surnames of every person dwelling and resideing within the Li mitts of those places with which they shall be charged, and of the Substances and Values of every of them, or in Goods or Chattells (Stocke upon Land, or the Product thereof in the Hands of the Occupier or first Owner and Householdstuffe excepted) or in Offices or publique places and imployments; And the said Assessors are therein alsoe to be required, and are hereby enjoyned to ascertaine and informe themselves by all lawfull wayes and meanes they can of the true and full Rate and Valuation of the cleare yearely Rents and Proffitts of all Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Mines of Coale Tynn or Leade, all Allom mines or Workes Parks Chases Warrens Woods Under-woods and Coppices Fishings Tythes Tolls or other Hereditaments of what nature or kinde soever scituate lyeing and being within the limitts of those places with which they shall be charged. And being soe thereof ascertained they are to assesse all and every the said Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements and Premisses before charged after the rate of twelve pence for every twenty shillings of the cleare yearely value as the same are lett for, or are worth to be lett at the time of the assessing thereof as aforesaid and to bring with them at the time and place soe as aforesaid prefixed for their appearance a Certificate in Writeing of the said Assesments, and shall then alsoe returne the Names of two or more able and sufficient persons liveing within the Limitts and Bounds of those Parishes Towneshipps Constebleries or places where they shall be chargeable respectively to be Collectors of the Monyes due to his Majestie by this Act, for whose paying in to the Head Collectors in manner hereafter mentioned such Monyes as they shall be charged withall the Parish or place wherein they are soe imployed shall be answerable.

XIV. Assessorsneglecting or refusing to serve or making Default;

Penalty.

XV. Every Assessor before he acts to take the Oath following.

XVI. Certificates of Assessments upon Goods, &c.returned to Commissioners before 27th May 1671, unless they give further Time.

XVII.

The like as to Assessments upon hand.

xvm.

Assessors to give one Copy of Assessments to Commissioners, who are to sign and seal Duplicates, one to be delivered to Sub-collectors, others to Head Collectors and Receivers General.

And if any Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall negcled or refuse to serve, or shall make Default at the time appointed for his Appearance not haveing a lawfull Excuse to be witnessed by the Oathes of two credible Witnesses, every such Assessor shall for every such Negcled Refusall or Defaulte forfeite and lose unto the Kings Majestie such summe as the C5mis§ers shall thinke fitt not exceeding the Summe of ten pounds.

And every Assessor soe as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed shall before he take upon him the Execution of the said imployment take an Oath to be administred in these words following.

yOU shall sweare well and truely to execute the Duty of an Assessor, and to cause the Rates and Dutyes imposed by an Act entituled An Act for granting a Subsidy to his Majestie for Supply of his extraordinary Occasions to be duely and impartially assessed according to the best of your Skill and Knowledge, and therein you shall spare noe person for Favour or Affection, nor any person greive for Hatred or ill Will Soe helpe you God.

Which Oath any two Comisgers in the County where the said Assesment is to be made have hereby power to administer.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Rates and Assesments upon all Goods Chattels Offices and publique Places and Employments charged by this Act shall be ascertained and the Certificates thereof returned to the Comissers upon or before the seaven and twentyeth day of May aforesaid unlesse the Comissers shall thinke fitt to give further time.

And alsoe the Taxation and Assesment of the Pound rate of twelve pence in the pound for every twenty shillings of the yearely value of all Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses charged by this Act shall be made and ascertained and the severall and respective Certificates thereof returned into the C5missers upon or before the seaven and twentyeth day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and one unlesse the Cdmissers shall thinke fitt to give further time.

And the said Assessors are hereby required to deliver one Copy of their Certificates or Assesments fairely written and subscribed by them unto the said Comissers by whom they were appointed, And the said C5missers or any two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to cause the said severall and respective Assesments soe to them delivered (if by them approved of) to be fairely written, and to signe and seale severall Duplicates or Copies of the said Assesments, And one of them soe signed and sealed forthwith to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the said Sub Collectors, and shall likewise deliver or cause to be delivered other Copyes thereof soe signed and sealed unto the Head Collectors and Receivers Generali according to the severall and respective Collections and Receipts.

XIX. Commissioners to cause Extracts of Sums charged, &c. to be certified into Exchequer under Hand and Seal before 23d June, or within 30 Days after Appeals being first determined.

And moreover the Comissers shall cause a true Copy or Extract of the whole Summes assesed and charged within every Hundred, Lath, Wapentake Parish Ward or Place rated or assessed in pursuance of this Act and of the whole Summes rated or assessed upon personall Estates or Offices to be certifyed and transmitted into his Majestyes Court of Exchequer under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the Comisgers but without nameing the persons in such their Certificates, And this the said Comissers shall cause to be done upon or before the three and twentyeth day of June then next ensueing or within thirty days after All Appeales to them made being first determined.

1 interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

22° & 23° Cab. 11. c. 3.

697

And bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That the Comislers or any two or more of them shall issue out, and deliver their Warrants or Estreats to the Subcolleftors under their Hands and Seales thereby requireing them to leavy and collet all and every the Assesments and all Moneys and Rates due thereupon according to the Duplicate thereof by them received, and according to the intent and subsequent Directions of this present Act. Which said Sub Collectors are hereby required to demand all and every the Rates and Assesments therein mentioned, which are laid upon persons in respect of their Goods or Offices, and to make such Demands of the partyes themselves within six dayes after the Receipt of such Warrants and to leavy and pay in the same upon or before the twelfth day of June [in the yeare of our Lord1 ] One thousand six hundred seaventy and one or within twenty dayes after at such place as the Comislers shall appoint unto their respective Head Collectors who are hereby required to call upon and hasten their Sub Collectors to the said payment, And after the nineteenth day of June then next ensueing, or within twenty dayes after to leavy by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the said Comislers by Distresse upon the Sub Collectors respectively such summe and summes of money as by him or them ought to have beene paid and is not paid by reason of his sailer in doeing his Duty according to the directions of this Act, soe as every Head Collector may or shall make payment unto the Receivour Generali of the said County Citty or Place the full sumes by him to be paid on the three and twentyeth day of June aforesaid or within twenty dayes after, And the Receiver GeneralL is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors, and to pay what he shall soe receive from the said Head Collector into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the sower and twentyeth day of June aforesaid or within thirty dayes after to the end that all and every the Rates and Assesments which by this Act are imposed upon any person or persons in respect of his or their Goods and Chattells or Offices and Imployments may be speedily brought into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer and there paid in upon or before the Fower and twentyeth day of June aforesaid or within thirty dayes after at one entire Payment.

And the said Sub Collectors are alsoe required and enjoyned to leavy one fourth part of the Pound rate charged upon all Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses as aforesaid within six dayes after the receipt of such Warrants and to pay the same unto their respective Head Collectors on or before the twelfth day of June aforesaid or within twenty dayes after. And the said Head Collector is to hasten the said Sub collectors, And in case the same shall not be collected by reason of the negcleft or sailer of Duty [in1] the [said1] Sub collector, the said Head collector is to proceede against him by Distresse in like manner and by like Warrant as aforesaid, And every Head collector is hereby required to make payment of what shall be soe leavyed or received, unto the Receiver Generali of the said County Citty or Place upon or before the three and twentyeth day of June aforesaid or within thirty dayes after, And the Receiver Generali is likewise required to call upon and hasten the said Head collector and to pay what he shall soe receive from the said Head-collector into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the twenty fowerth day of June aforesaid or within thirty dayes after, to the end that the first quarterly payment of the said Pound rate of twelve pence in every twenty shillings yearely may by that time be [fully1] answered and paid [unto*] his Majesty.

And the Sub collectors shall alsoe leavy one other fourth part of the said Pound rate charged as aforesaid upon or before the three and twentyeth day of August then next ensueing or within twenty dayes after, and shall alsoe pay the same unto the said Head collectors upon or before the thirtyeth day of August aforesaid or within twenty dayes after And the said Head collectors shall make payment thereof to the Receiver Generali of the said County Citty or Place upon or before the seaventh day of September then next ensueing or within twenty dayes after, And the said Receiver Generali is alsoe required to make payment of all which he shall soe receive into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the twenty ninth day of September aforesaid or within twenty dayes after to the end that the second quarterly payment of the said Pound rate soe charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully answered and paid into his Majestie

And the said Sub collectors shall alsoe leavy one other fourth part of the said Pound rate soe charged as aforesaid upon or before the three and twentyeth day of November then next ensueing or within twenty dayes

after, and shall alsoe pay the same unto the said Head collectors upon or before the seaventh day of December

then next ensueing or within twenty dayes after And the said Head [colleftor3] shall make payment thereof to the Receiver Generali upon or before the five and twentyeth day of December then next ensueing or within twenty dayes after, And the said Receiver Generali is alsoe required to make payment of all that he shall soe receive into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the first day of January then next ensueing or within twenty dayes after to the end that the third quarterly payment of the said Pound rate soe charged as aforesaid may by that time be fully answered and paid into his Majestie.

And the said Sub collectors shall alsoe levy one other fowerth part of the said Pound rate soe charged as aforesaid upon or before the three and twentyeth day of February then next ensueing or within twenty dayes

after and shall alsoe pay the same unto the said Head collectors upon or before the seaventh day of March then

next ensueing or within twenty dayes after, And the said Head collectors shall alsoe make payment thereof to the Receiver Generali upon or before the foure and twentieth day of March then next ensueing or within twenty dayes after, And the said Receiver Generali is alsoe required to make payment of all that he shall soe receive into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the five and twentyeth day of March which shall be in

XX. Commissioners to issue Warrants to Sub-collectors for levying, See.

Subcolleftors to levy and coUeft according to their Duplicates, and to make Demand of Rates of Parties.

Head Collectors to hasten Sub-collectors.

In case of Neglect of Sub-collectors. Levy by Distress.

Receiver General to hasten Head Collectors, and to pay into Exchequer on or before the 24th of June, or within 30 Days after.

XXI.

Times of the First Payment.

Head Collector to hasten Sub-Collector.

Distress.

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver General, who is to hasten Head Collector and pay into the Exchequer on or before the 24th of June.

XXII. Times of the Second Payment.

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver General, who is to pay into the Exchequer on or before the 29th of September.

XXIII. Times of the Third Payment.

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver General, who is to pay into the Exchequer on or before the 1st of January.

XXIV. Times of the Fourth Payment.

Head Collectors to pay to Receiver Goieral, who is to pay into the Exchequer on or before the 251I1 of March 1672.

8 P

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 3.

A.D. 1670& 1671.

XXV.

All Persons concerned in the Execution of this A & to use Diligence, Src.

the ye&re of our Lord one thousand six hundred seaventy two or within twenty dayes after to the end that the fourth and last quarterly payment of the said Pound rate soe charged as aforesaid may by that rime be fully answered and paid into his Majestie.

And all Comissers Assessors Collectors and Receivers are hereby required and enjoyned to apply themselves with all diligence to the most speedy and effectuall execution of their several 1 and respective Dutyes that soe his Majestyes Service herein may not be delayed or hindred through any of their wilfull negcled or default.

XXVI.

Held Collector's Receipt a Discharge to Sub-coOe&or.

Sub-cofle&or to have td. in the Pound.

Head Collector to pay, to and be appointed by Receiver GeneraL Sub-collector travelling.

Receiver General's Acquittance a Discharge. Allowance to Head Collector.

Receiver General to pay intoExchequer; Allowance to him.

And it is further enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid That the moneys received, by the Sub collectors within the respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be duely paid a Head collector whose Receipt shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Sub collector, which Sub collector for gathering the said perticular Summes shall retaine in his [hands1 ] for every twenty shillings by him soe paid three pence as a reward for his paines and service, And the Head collector shall accordingly pay over the said Moneyes unto the Receiver Generali of each County Citty or Place respectively in manner aforesaid which Head collector or CollectorB shall be nominated and appointed by the Receivers Generali of the respective Countyes, which said Receivers Generali shall be answerable for all such Summes of money as shall be by him or them collected or received. And that noe Sub collector shall be enforced to travell above the space of ten miles for the payment of the said moneys that shall be by him collected or received. And the said Receivers Generali Acquittance shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Head collector, who shall retaine in his Hands for every twenty shillings [so a] by him paid one penny as a reward for his paines and, service, and the Receiver shall pay the whole Sumes by him received into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer in such manner and at or before such dayes and times as are herein before limitted, and shall have an allowance of two pence in the pound for all moneys which shall be by him paid into the Receipt of Exchequer upon or before the time prefixed in this Act.

XXVII. Commisaionert Clerks to have id. in the Pound for writing Warrants, Sec.

And for the carefull writeing and [ranscribeingJ] the said Warrants Estreats and Duplicates in due rime It is further enacted That the Comissioners Clerkes who shall respectively performe the same shall by Warrant under two or more of the Comissers hands have and receive from the respective Head collectors one penny in the pound of all such moneys as he shall have received by vertue of such Warrants and Estreats who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly.

XXVIII. Persons neglecting to pay Rates;

Collectors to distrain.

The Distress to be kept Four Days, then to be appraised and sold, and Overplus restored.

And if any person or persons shall negcle& or refuse to pay the several! Rates and Assesments wherewith he is charged by this Act for or in respect of his Goods and Chattells Offices or imployments and which he ought to pay; Or if the Pound rate or any quarterly payment thereof soe as aforesaid charged upon any Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses shall be negcle&ed or refused to be paid then upon demand made by the Officer or Collector of the Place according to the Precept or Estreats to him delivered by the said Chmissioners, It shall and may be lawfoll to and for such Officer or Collector, and they are hereby required for non payment thereof to destraine the person or persons soe refuseing or negclecting to pay, by his or their Goods or Chattells, or to destraine in and upon the Messuages Lands and Tenements soe charged, and the Goods and Chattells then and there found and the distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of sower dayes at the costs and charges of the Owner thereof, And if the said Owner doe not pay the summe of money due by this Act within the said sower dayes, then the said Distresse to be apprized by two or three of the Inhabitants where the said Distresse is taken, and there to be sold by the said Officer for the payment of the said money and the overplus comeing by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the charges of takeing and keepeing the Distresse to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof.

XXIX.

Power to breakopen Houses, Chests, &c. calling to Assistance Constables, &c.

And moreover It shall be lawfull to breake open in the day time any House And upon Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the said ComisSers any Chest, Trunke or Box or other things where such Goods are, and call to their Assistance the Constables Tythingmen or Headburroughs within the Countyes Cittyes Townes or Places where any refusall negcled or resistance shall be made. Which said Officers are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the Premisses.

XXX. Parenti and Guardians to pay Rates imposed on Infants, and upon Neglect, See. to be proceeded against as other Defaulters.

Sums paid to be allowed upon their Accounts.

Tenants to pay Rates and dedu& out of Rent.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That where any person or persons chargeable with any Rates or Assesments by this Act imposed shall be under the Age of one and twenty yeares There and in every such case the Parents, Guardians or Tutors of such Infants respectively upon default of payment by such Infants shall be and are hereby made lyeable to, and chargeable with the payments which such Infants ought to have made, And if such Parents, Guardians or Tutors shall negcle& or refuse to pay as aforesaid It shall and may be lawfull to proceede against them in like manner as against other person or persons makeing default of payment as herein before appointed, And all Parents Guardions or Tutors makeing payment as aforesaid shall be allowed all and every the Summes soe paid for such Infants upon his and their Accompt, And the severall and respective Tennants of all and every the Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses which by vertue of this Act shall be charged with any Pound rate as aforesaid are hereby required and authorized to pay such Summe or Summes of Money as shall be rated upon such Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses, and to dedu& out of the Rents soe much of the said Rates as in respect of the said Rents payable for such Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Premisses the Landlord should and ought to beare, And all Landlords

A.D. 1670 tf 16?1

22° & 23" Car. II. c.3

699

both mediate and immediate according to their respective Interests are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon receipt of the residue of the Rents, and every Tennant paying the said Assesment of the Pound rate shall be and is hereby acquitted and discharged for soe much money as the said Assesment shall amount unto, as if the same had beene aChially paid unto such person or persons unto whome his Rent ruould have beene due and payable.

And bee it further enacted That every person rated or assessed for his Office or imployment shall be rated and pay for his said Office or imployment in the County Citty or Place where such Office or imployment is executed. And every person who is or shall be rated for or in respect of any Personall Estate to him any way belonging, shall be rated, and the Summe or Summes on him or her sett shall be leavyed at such places where he or she with his or her Family shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this ACti And all persons not being Householders nor haveing a certaine place of residence shall be taxed at the place where they are resident at the time of the Execution of this Act. And if any person who ought to be taxed by vertue of this A & shall at the time of his Assesment for or in respect of his ready Moneys or Personall Estate be out of the Realme such person shall be rated therefore in such County Citty or Place where he was last abideing within the Realme, And every person who shall be rated [or1] assessed for or in respect of any Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Hereditaments or other the Premisses according to the Pound rate of Twelve pence in every Twenty shillings yearely as aforesaid shall be rated and assessed in the place where such Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Premisses respectively doe lye and not elsewhere.

Provided alwayes That if any person or persons haveing severall Mansion Houses or Places of Residence shall be doubly charged by vertue of this Act for or in respect of his or their personall Estate That then upon Certificate made by two or more of the Comissers for the County Citty or Place, which Certificate the said ComisSers are required to give without Delay Fee or Reward of his or their last personall Residence under their Hands and Seales of the summe or summes charged upon him or them, and in what capacitie or respect he or they were soe charged, and upon Oath made of such Certificate before the Comissers to whom such Certificate shall be tendred (which Oath the said Comissers are hereby authorized to administer) Then the person and persons soe doubly charged shall for soe much as shall be soe certified, be discharged in every other County Citty or Place.

And if any person that ought to be taxed by vertue of this Act for or in respect of his personall Estate shall by changing his place of Residence or by any other Fraude or Covin escape from the Taxation and not be taxed, and the same be proved before the Comissers or any two of them, or before any two Justices of Peace of the County where such person dweleth or resideth at any time within Six Moneths next ensueing after such Taxe made, every person that shall soe escape from the [saidl] Taxation and Payment shall be charged upon proofe thereof at the double value of soe much as he should or ought to have beene taxed at by this Act, The said double value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Comissers or Justices before whom such proofe shall be made to be leavyed of the Goods Lands and Tenements of such persons towards the Supply aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the ComisSers which shall be within any County Citty or Place within their respective Limitts or the major part of them shall rate taxe and assesse every other Comisser joyned with them for and in respect of the Goods Chattells and personall Estate whereof such ComisSer shall be possessed, And alsoe for and in respect of the Offices and publique Places and imployments which at the time of such Taxation shall be held and enjoyed by such Comisser soe as the Residence and usual! Dwelling place of such ComisSer soe to be taxed, be within the Division of such Comissioners by whom he is taxed; and soe as the Office or imployment held [and enjoyed *] by such ComisSer soe to be taxed, be likewise to be exercised within the Division or Limitts of such ComisSers by whom he is to be taxed, And the ComisSers within their Division shall alsoe assesse every Assessor within their Division who shall be possessed of any Goods & Chattells or other personall Estate for which by this Act he ought to be rated and assessed, And aswell all Summons upon every the said Comissers and Assessors as the Assesments made and sett by the Assessors aforesaid shall be written, estreated, leavyed and gathered as it should and ought to have beene if the said ComisSers had not beene named Comissers.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That the severall Rates and Taxes to which the Lords and Peeres of this Realme shall be lyable by vertue of this Act, for or in respect of their personall Estates and Offices shall be received by a Collector to be nominated by the Peeres, Which said Collector shall cause the same to be paid into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster upon or before the sower and twentyeth day of June now next ensueing or within thirty dayes after.

Provided alsoe That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey or Guernsey for or concerning any such personall Estate aforesaid which they or any to their use have within the Places aforesaid.

Landlord to allow such Deductions.

Tenant paying acquitted.

XXXI. Persons to berated for Offices at Placet where executed ; and for Personal Estates where resident.

Persons not being Householders to be rated where resident.

Persons out of the Realm to be rated where last resident within the Realm. Persons to berated for Lands, &c. in Place where situate.

XXXII. Persons in respect of several Places of Residence being doubly charged for Personal Estate, upon Certificate and Oath thereof, to be discharged for so much.

XXXIII. Persons who by Fraud shall escape being taxed Doubly charged.

XXXIV.

Commissioners within their Division to rate each other for their Personal Estates and Offices.

Commissioners to assess the Assessors.

XXXV. Rates on Peers to be received by a Collector nominated by them.

XXXVI. Proviso, as to Personal Estate, for Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 3.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

XXXVII.

Pertoni Aggrieved may complain to Commisnooert,

who may examine on Oath;

and may abate or increase Asaeament.

Commissioner! to meet to determine Appeals.

xxxvm.

Assessors, &c. nefflecting or rerasing to do their Duty;

Commissioners to fine, not exceeding Jt c for any one Offence.

XXIX. Commissioners to call for Accounts from Receiver General of Monies received by him, and the Payment of it into Exchequer.

XL.

If Controversy concerning assessing Commissioners, Commissioners concerned to withdraw.

XLI. Receiver General to give Receipts to Head Collectors, and Head Collectors to Sub-collectors gratis.

XLII. Sub-collectors to deliver a Schedule to Head Collectors of Defaulters where there is no Distress, which Schedule is to be delivered to Receiver General, and returned by him into the Exchequer.

XLIII.

No Privilege of Exemption from Subsidies, &c. shall extend to Rates granted by this Act.

XLIV. Inhabitants, &c. in Cities, &c. not compellable to be Assessors, &c. out of Limits.

XLV. Proviso for Colleges, &c. in the Universities, the Colleges of Windsor, Eton,

And if any person or persons certified assessed or rated for or in respect of any reall or personall Estate [or for or in respect of any matter or thing'] for which by this Act he or they is or may be rated or charged, doe finde him or themselves agreived with such assessing or rateing, and doe within ten dayes after Demand thereof made complaine to the ComisSers, the said ComisSers or any two or more of them whereof one of the ComisKeis who signed or allowed his or their Rate to be one shall or may within fowerteene dayes next after such Complaint perdcularly examine any person or persons upon his or their Oath other than the partie complaineing touching the vailue of his or their reall or personall Estate and other the matters aforesaid, And upon due examination or knowledge thereof abate, defalke, increase or enlarge the said Assesment And the same soe abated, increased or inlarged shall be certifyed or estreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid. And to that end the said ComisSers are hereby required to meete together for the determining of such Complaints and Appeales accordingly.

And it is further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any Assessor, Collector, Receiver or other persons appointed by the Comissioners shall wilfully negcled or refuse to performe his Duty in the due and speedy execution of this Act, the said respective ComisSers or any three or more of them may and shall by vertue of this Act impose on such person and persons soe refuseing or negcleding their Dutyes any Fine not exceeding the summe of five pounds for any one Offence, the same to be leavyed and cerdfyed as aforesaid into his Majestyes Court of Exchequer, and charged upon the respective Receiver Generali amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid.

And the said ComisSers or any two or more of them may or shall from time to time call for and require an accompt from the respective Receivers Generali of all the Moneys received by him of the said Head Collectors, and of the payment thereof into his Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer according to the Direction of this Act, And in case of any sailer in the Premisses the said ComisSers or any two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith leavyed and paid according to the true intent and meaneing of this Act.

And in case of any Controversie ariseing betweene the said ComisSers concerning any Rates or Assesments to be laid by vertue of this Act, the ComisSers that shall be concerned therein shall have noe Voice but shall withdraw dureing the Debate of such Controversie, untill it be determined by the rest of the ComisSers, and all Questions and Differences that shall arise touching any of the said Rates, Taxes, Assesments or Leavyes shall be heard and finally determined by two or more of the ComisSers upon complaint thereof to them made by any person or persons thereby greived without further Trouble or Suite in Law.

And the said Receiver Generali shall give Acquittances gratis to the said Head collectors for all moneys of them received, And the said Head collectors shall alsoe give Acquittances gratis to the Sub collectors for all such moneys as shall be paid by them in pursuance of this Act.

And the said Sub collectors shall make and deliver to the said Head collectors a perfect Schedule fairely writt in Parchment under their Hands and Seales signed and allowed by any two or more of the respective Comisiers containing the Names, Surnames and Places of abode of every person within their respective Collection that shall make default of payment of any of the summes that shall be rated or assessed on such person by vertue of this Act where noe sufficient Distresse is to be found and not otherwise. And the summe and summes charged on every such person, the same Schedule to be delivered by the Head collector to the Receiver Generali of the County, Citty or Place respectively to be by him returned into his Majestyes Court of Exchequer, whereupon every person soe makeing defaulte of payment may be charged by Processe of the Court according to the course of the Court of Exchequer in such cases.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe Letters Patents granted by the Kings Majestie or any of his Royall Progenitors to any person or persons Cittyes Burroughes or Townes corporate within this Realme of any manner of Libertyes, Priviledges or Exemptions from Subsidyes, Tolls, Taxes, Assesments or Ayds shall be construed or taken to exempt any person or persons, Citty, Burrough or Towne corporate or any the Inhabitants of the same from the burthen and charge of any summe or summes of money granted by this Act, But that all and every [such1 j person and persons Citty Burrough and Towne corporate shall pay their proportion of all Rates and Assesments by this present Act imposed. Any such Letters Patents Grants or Charters or any Clause of Non obstante or other matter or thing therein contained, or any Law, Statute, Custome or Prescription to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe That noe person inhabiting in any [Citty'] Burrough, or Towne corporate shall be compelled to be any Assessor or Collector of or for any part of the Rates and Assesments hereby granted in any place or places out of the Limitts of the said Burrough or Towne corporate.

Provided alsoe That nothing in this Act contained shall be extended to charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the University es or the Colledges of Windsor, Eaton, Winton or Westminster or any Hospitalls or Almeshouses or any Free Schoole for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colledges or Halls or Hospitalls or Almeshouses or any Free Schoole, Nor any Master Fellow or Scholler of any such Colledge or Hall or in any other Free

A.D.lfFtO & 1671-

22" & 23° Car. II. c.3.

701

Schooles, or any Reader, Officer or Minister of the said Universityes, Colledges or Schooles or of any Almesmen of any Hospitalls or Almeshouses for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Proffitts whatsoever arisemg or growing due to them in respect of the said severall Places and imployments in the said Universityes, Colledges, Halls, Schooles Hospitalls or Almeshouses. Nor to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall, or the Hospitalls of Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Saint Thomas and Bethlehem Hospitall within the Citty of London and Burrough of Southwarke or any of them, or to any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universityes, or to the Colledges of Eaton Winchister or Westminster, or to any Hospitall Almeshouse or Free schoole whatsoever for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospitalls, being to be received and disbursed for the immediate use and releife of the Poore in the said Hospitalls.

Provided That noe Tennants of any Lands or Houses by Lease or Grant from any the said Hospitalls Colledges Halls Almeshouses or Free Schooles shall claime or enjoy any freedome or exemption by this Act, but that all the Houses and Lands which they soe hold shall be rated for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitalls Colledges Halls Almeshouses or Free Schooles.

Provided alsoe That where any person inhabiting within the Citty of London or any other Citty or Towne corporate hath his Dwelling house in one of the Parishes and Wards therein, and hath any Goods Wares or Merchandices chargeable by this Act in one or more of the other Parishes or Wards in the same Citty, That then such person shall be charged, taxed and assessed for such his Goods or Merchandices in the Parish or Ward where he dweleth and not elsewhere in the said Citty.

Provided alwayes and bee it further declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the avoiding of all Obstrudions and Delayes in assessing and collecting the Summes which by this Act are to be rated and assessed all Places Constablewicks Divisions and Allotments which have used to be rated and assessed shall pay and be assessed in such County, Hundred, Rape Wapentake Constablewicke Division Place and Allotment as the same hath heretofore usually beene assessed in and not elsewhere.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish, Place or Constablewicke shall lye unoccupyed and noe Distresses can be found on the same nor the person of the true Owner or Proprietor can be found within the said County, by reason whereof the Rate and Assessment upon such unoccupyed Lands cannot be leavyed, That then upon complaint thereof made to the Chmissers for the County where such case shall happen to be, the said Comissers or any two or more of them shall certifie into his Majestyes Court of Exchequer the Name of the person whose Land or House [so1] lyeth unoccupyed together with, the summe thereupon assessed, and the Parish or Place where such Land lyeth, which Certificate is hereby declared to be a sufficient charge upon the person and Land therein named, and shall make the person

Debitor to his Majesde for the summe soe assessed, and the Court of Exchequer shall issue out Processe thereupon

against the Body, Goods and all other the Lands of such Debtor untill the said summe soe assessed be fully and effectually leavyed and paid to his Majestie.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That at the expiration of the respective times in this Act prescribed for the full payment of the severall and respective Rates and Assessments herein before granted, the severall and respective Comissers or any two or more of them within their Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them the cheife Collectors and Sub collectors within each respective Division and Hundred to examine and assure themselves of the full and whole payment of the perticular summe and summes of money charged within and upon the said Division and Hundred and every Parish and Place therein and of the due returne of

the same into the hands of the Receivers Generali of the said County Citty Towne and Place respectively, And

by such Receiver Generali to the Receipt of his Majestyes Exchequer, to the end there may be noe sailer in (’) any part of the rates and assessments which by this Act ought to be leavyed and paid; and in case of any sailer in the Premisses the Comissers or any two of them are to cause the same forthwith to be leavyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And to the end that all moneys which shall be lent unto his Majestie upon the Credit of this Act may be well and sufficiently secured out of the moneys ariseing and payable by this Act Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That there shall be provided and kept in his Majestyes Exchequer that is to say in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt one Booke or Register in which all moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by vertue of this Act shall be entred and registred apart and disrinft from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majestie or to his Heires and Successors upon any other Branch of his Majestyes Revenue or upon any other account whatsoever. And that there be one other Booke or Registry provided and kept in die said Office of all Orders to be signed by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or by the [Lorel] Comissers of the Treasury for the rime being for payment of all and every summe and summes of money to all persons for moneys lent or other payments directed thereupon, And that noe moneys leavyable by this Act be issued out of the Exchequer, but by such Order mentioning that the moneys payable by such Order are for moneys lent or other the occasions aforesaid. And that alsoe there be the like Booke or Registry provided and kept by the same Auditor of all moneys paid out or issued by vertue of such Orders.

8 Q

Winchester and Westminster, and for Hospitals in reaped of Scites of Colleges, Arc. and for Officers therein and for Christ’s Hospital, and other Hospitals and Almshouses.

XLVI. Tenantsof Hospitals to be rated for what the Lands are worth above Rents reserved.

XLVII. Persons dwelling in one Parish, See. having Goods in another, to be assessed where they dwell.

XLVIII. Places to be assessed

in the County, &c. where usually assessed.

XLIX. Where Lands, 8rc. unoccupied, and no Distress nor Person of Owner found, the Name of Owner to be certified into Exchequer;

which Certificate is to be a Charge, and Process to issue.

L.

Commissioners to call before them Collectors, and examine touching full Payment of Assessments;

and in case of failure, to levy.

LI.

Repayment of Monies lent how to be secured.

Books to be

provided.

No Monies issued out of Exchequer hut by Order as herein mentioned.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 3.

A.D. 1670& 1671

LII.

Persons lending Money may inspect the Books.

Tally of Loan to Lender, and Warrant for Interest.

Orders for Repayment registered according to Date of Tally, other Orders entered and paid in course;

Monies to come in by this A €t liable to satisfy such Loans.

No Fee for

&c.

or for Payment of Money lent; Penalty.

Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer; Penalty.

providing or making Books,

Undue Preference by Deputy;

Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller, not making Payments in due Order;

Penalty.

LIII. Proviso where several Tallies bear Date and are entered the same Day.

LIV.

Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

LV.

Orders for Payment of Money lent may be assigned by Indorsement.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may in like manner assign.

LVI.

In Action for executing Ad, General Issue.

And that it shall be lawfull for any person or persons willing to lend any money for his Majestyes Sendee on the Credit of this Act at the usuall times when the Exchequer is open to have accesse thereunto, and revehr and peruse all or any the Bookes for their Information of the state of those moneys and all Engagements upon them for their better encouragement to lend any moneys as aforesaid. And that the Auditor of the Receipt his Deputyes and Clerkes shall be assistant to such persons for their better and speedier sadsfadion in that behalfe. And that all and every person and persons who shall lend any moneyes [unto'] his Majesde and pay the same into his Receipt of Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his Repayment beareing the same date with his Tally, In which Order there shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for forbearance at the rate of seaven pounds per Cens per Annu for his consideration and noe more, nor any Gratuity, Reward or other Consideration whatsoever to be paid every six moneths untill the repayment of his principally And that all Orders for [repayment of*] money lent shall be registred in course according to the date of the Tallyes respectively, And that all other Orders shall be entred in course according to their respective dates, And neither of the sorts of Orders above mentioned either for Loanes of money or other uses shall have preference one before another, but shall all be entred in their course according to the dates of the Tallyes and the dates of the Orders for other payments as they are in point of time respectively before each other. And that all and every person and persons shall stand entred in the said Register Booke soe as that the person his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Order or Orders first entred in the said Booke of Registry shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the moneys to come in by vertue of this Act, and soe successively and in course according to the priority of Entry, And the moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same Order lyeable to the satisfaction of the said respective partyes their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another, and not otherwise, nor shall the same be diverted to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever. And noe Fee Demand of Gratuity shall directiy or indirectly be taken by any of his Majesty es Officers theire Clerkes or Deputies of any of his Majestyes Subjects for providing or makeing of any such Bookes Registers Entryes View Search or Certificate in or for payment of money lent or the Interest thereof on paine of payment of treble Dammages to the partie greived by the partie offending with Costs of Suite. And if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then the Officer to loose his place alsoe. And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registering contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party soe offending shall render the value of the Debt soe postponed together with Costs and Dammages to the partie greived to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record wherein noe Essoine, Protection, Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise allowed or granted. And if such preference be unduely made by any Deputy or Clerke to such Officer without the privity or direction of his Master Then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyeable to such Action Debt Dammages and Costs and shall be for ever after incapeable of his Place or Office. And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells record, or the Teller make payment according to each persons due Place and Order as afore directed; then he or they shall be judged to forfeite and their respective Deputyes and Clerkes herein offending to be lyable to such Action of Debt Dammages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That if it happen that several 1 Tallyes of Loane or Orders for Payments as aforesaid beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred then it shall not be interpreted an undue preference to enter any of these first soe as they all be entred the same day.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any penaltie in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Tellers doe pay subsequent Orders of persons

that come and demand their money, and bring their Orders before other persons that did not come to demand

their moneys and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie their Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loane being to cease from die time the money is so reserved and kept in banke for them.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every person or persons to whom any moneys

shall be due by vertue of this Act after Order entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof

his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Endorsment of his Order may assigne and transfer his Right, Title Interest and Benefit of such Order or any part thereof to any other, which being notifyed in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry and Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for Orders which the Officers shall on request accordingly make without Fee or Chaiges for moneys lent unto his Majesde as aforesaid shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefit thereof and payment thereon: and such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe tones quoties. And afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Asagnement to make void release or discharge the same or any the moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any Action Suite Plaint or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Afi, such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may pleade the Generali Issue,

A.D. 1670 V 1671.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 3,4.

703

Not guilty and upon any Issue joined may give this Act and the speciall Matter in Evidence, And if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare [further1] prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendant [and Defendants1] shall recover their treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in (*) case where Costs by Law are given to the Defendants.

Provided alwayes and bee it enabled That every Rate [Tax1] or Assessment which shall be made or imposed by vertue of this Act of Parlyament in respect of any House or Tenement which an Embassador Resident Agent or other publique Minister of any Forreigne Prince or State now doth or shall hereafter inhabite or occupy shall be paid by the Landlord or Owner of the said House or Tenements respectively.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe person or persons Bodyes Pollidque or Corporate shall be [taxed or1] charged by vertue of this Act for any toft or parcell of Ground lyeing unbuilt and yeilding noe profit, nor for any House or Houses now built and standing empty or uninhabited at the time of makeing the Assessment or Assessments which since the building thereof have not beene inhabited within any part of the Citty of London and Liberties thereof burnt downe in the late dismall Fire But that all such Ground and Houses shall be freed and exempted from the payment of the Rate and Summes of Money before imposed or charged to be taxed and paid for Lands and Houses for soe many of the quarterly payments as they shall continue unlett and uninhabited, Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That in all priviledged and other places being Extra

parochiall or not within any the Constablewicks or Precincts of the respective Assessors to be appointed by vertue

of this Act although in any monethly or other Tax they have not beene assessed or rated heretofore the said Comissers or any two or more of them shall and are hereby required to nominate and appointe two fitt persons

liveing in or neare the said priviledged or other places as aforesaid to be Assessors for the said places and

to make and retume their Assessments in like manner as by this Act is appointed in any Parish, Tything

or Place, and alsoe to appointe one or more Collectors who are hereby required to collect and pay the same

according to the Rules appointed by this Act for collecting and paying all summes of money payable by

this Act.

[Provided alwayes That nothing herein contained shall be drawne into Example to the prejudice of the auntient Rights belonging to the Lords Spirituall and Temporall or Clergy of this Realme or unto either of the

Universityes or unto any Colledges Schooles Almeshouses Hospitalls or Cinque Ports.

Provided alsoe That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter change determine or make void any Contrafts Covenants or Agreements whatsoever betweene the Landlord and Tennant touching the payment of Taxes or Assesments. Any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.9]

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for continuance of a former Act to prevent Arrests of Judgements and superseding Executions.

"WX7T^EREAS an Act of Parlyament was made in the sixteenth and seaventeeth yeares of the Raigne of our v T Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie that now is entituled An Act to prevent Arrests of Judgements and superseding Executions to continue in force for three yeares and to the end of the next Session of Parliament after the expiration of the said three yeares and noe longer. Now forasmuch as it hath since by experience appeared That the same is a good and wholesome Law and very beneficiall to the People of this Realme Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the said Act shall remaine continue and be perpetuall from the end of the last Session of Parlyament.

1 interlined on the Roll 0.

• any 0. * annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Treble Costs.

LVII. Landlords to pay on Houses where Foreign Ministers reside.

LVIII. Proviso for Ground unbuilt on, and for Houses in London burnt down and yet unbuilt, and new Houses that stand empty.

LIX. Proviso respecting Nomination of Assessors and Collectors in extra parochial and privileged Places.

LX.

Proviso for ancient Rights of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Clergy,* &c.

LXI. and for any Covenants between Landlord and Tenant touching Payment of Taxes.

Rot. Pari as h a) C. II. p. I. mm. 4.

16 & 17 C. II. c. 8. made perpetual.

33? & 23° Car. II. c.5

A.D. 1670V 1671.

CHAPTER V.

Rot. Pari1 21 & 23 C.II.p. 1. *.5.

Re&toni for the present Grant.

Additional Duty to commence the 24th June 1671

to continue for Six Years from the said 24th June 1671.

The Rates.

An Act for an Additionall Excise upon Beere, Ale and other Liquors.

THE Commons assembled in Parlyament as an Aid to your most excellent Majesde whose weighty and urgent Affaires require an extraordinary Supply towards the dischargeing of your Majesties great Debts, have given and granted and doe hereby give and grant unto your most excellent Majesde the severall addidonall Rates and Dutyes of Excise herin after mentioned, And doe most humbly beseech your Majesde that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual! and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same That from and after the sower and twentyeth day of June which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seaventy one there shall be throughout your Majestyes Kingdome of England, Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede raised, leavyed, collected and paid unto your Majesde your Heires and Successors dureing the space and terme of six yeares from the sower and twentyeth day of June aforesaid and noe longer for Beere, Ale, Sider and other Liquors herein after expressed by way of Excise over and above all other Dutyes Charges and Impositions by any former Act or Acts sett and imposed and in manner and forme following (that is to say)

For every Barrell of Beere or Ale of above six shillings the Barrell brewed by the Common Brewer^ or any other person or persons who doe or shall sell or tapp out Beere or Ale publiquely or privately to be paid by the said Comon Brewer or by such other person or persons respectively as aforesaid and soe proportionably for a greater or lesse quantity nine pence .....

For every Barrell of Beere or Ale of six shillings the Barrell or under brewed by the Common Brewer -or any other person or persons, who doth or shall sell or tapp out Beere or Ale publiquely or privately to be paid by the said Common Brewer, or by such other person or persons respectively as aforesaid and soe proportionably for a greater or lesse quantity Three pence. -

For all Sider and Perry made and sold by Retaile upon every Hogshead to be paid by the Retailer'S . thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesse measure One shilling and three pence. - - jis. md

For all Metheglin or Mead, sold whether by Retaile or otherwise to be paid by the maker thereof fori every Gallon One halfe penny - - - - - - - - - -j0^’

For every Barrell of Beere commonly called Vinegar Beare brewed or made to be sold Six pence. - vi. d

For every Gallon of Strong water or Aqua vite made and sold to be paid by the maker thereof One 1.

penny - - - - - - - - - - -

For every Barrell of Beare or Ale imported from beyond the Seas and soe proportionably for a greater 1 ... or lesse quantity to be paid by the Importers before landing Three shillings - - - -) ms

For every Tunn of Syder or Perry imported from beyond the Seas and soe proportionably for a greater 1...

or lesser quantity to be paid by the Importer before landing Fower pounds - - - ./"J*

For every Gallon of Low Wines of the first Extraction made of any kinde of imported Wine or Sider 1 .. or other Materialls imported to be paid by the Maker or Seller Two pence - - - .J

For every Gallon of Coffee made and sold to be paid by the makers thereof Two pence - • iid

For every Gallon of Chocolate, Sherbet, and Tea made and sold to be paid by the makers thereof 1

Eight pence - - - - - - - - - - - j vihd

►ixd

>m d

II.

Persons chargeable by any former Law, liable to additional Rates.

Defaults of Entries or Payments;

Penalty.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every the Common Brewers and Retailers of Ale and Beere and all and every other person and persons lyeable to and chargeable with the payment of any Excise or new Impost upon Beere [or* J Ale or other exciseable Liquors by vertue of any former Law of Excise now in force shall alsoe be lyable to and charged with the payment of the addidonall Rates and Dutyes hereby

imposed, which said addidonall Rates and Dutyes shall be collected leavyed and paid in the same manner and

the persons lyable to and chargeable with the payment thereof shall in case of negclect or default of Entry or Payment, or in case of any other negclect or offence tending to defraude his Majesde or any of his Officers Farmers or Collectors of the Dutyes or Rates hereby imposed be alsoe subject to the like Proceedings Judgements and Executions and shall likewise incurr the same Penalties Fines and Forfeitures as he or they his or their

Heires Executors or Administrators should or might have beene subject to, or ought to have incurred for the

non payment of any former Duty of Excise or for the like offence committed against any former Law of Excise now in force.

Allowtncet to Brewer*, &c. for Waite, not to be greater than a* given by former Laws.

What such Allowances are.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared and enacted That nothing in this Act contained shall be understood to give any Comon Brewer or Retailer or other person lyable to, and chargeable with the payment of Excise by vertue of any former Law now in force any further or other allowances for waste by filling or leakeage then by the said former Lawes are given. Any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Which said allowances are hereby declared to be three Barrells in every three and twenty Barrel Is of Beare returned by the Gauger whether strong or small, And two Barrells in every two and twenty Barrells of Ale returned by the Gauger whether strong or small, and soe after that rate and noe more for a greater or lesser quantity and are in foil compensation for all such wasts or other losses or dammages whatsoever, Any repetition of the said allowances in severall Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 0. omits.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 5.

705

Provided alsoe That it shall and may be lawfiill to and for the Commissioners and Sub ComisSers of Excise respectively within their Division, and to and for the severall and respective Farmers of Excise within the Limitts of their severall and respective Farmes to compound for these new Dutyes with all and every person and persons who by brewing his or their Beare and Ale contrary to the forme of this Statute shall be lyable to pay the new Dutyes herein before imposed and that from time to time and in such manner and forme as may be most for the advantage and improvement of the Receipts thereof, Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all forfeitures and offences made and committed against this Act or any Clause Article or Sentence herein contained, and all Appeales shall be heard adjudged and determined by such person and persons and in such manner and forme as the like forfeitures and offences against the former Lawes of Excise are thereby appointed to be heard and determined and not otherwise.

And moreover That all ComisSers and Sub ComisSers of Excise all Comissers of Appeales Justices of Peace Constables and all other Officers and Ministers whatsoever shall have use and exercise the same Jurisdiction Power and Authoritie whether it be Judidall or Ministeriall for the better ordering collecting leavying and secureing the new Dutyes and the additionall Rates and Dutyes hereby imposed as he or they could have had used or exercised for the better ordering collecting leavying or secureing any former Rates or Dutyes of Excise whatsoever.

And it is further declared and enacted That all Fines Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incurred by reason of any offence committed against this Act shall be imployed one moyety thereof to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, another moyety thereof to him or them that shall or will informe or sue for the same.

Provided neverthelesse That it shall and may be lawfiill to and for the Justices of Peace ComisSers of Excise or any two of them, or their Sub Comissers respectively from time to time where they shall see cause to mitigate compound or lessen any Fine Forfeiture or Penalty which shall be incurred by reason of any offence comitted

against this Act or against any other Act of Excise now in force as they in their discretions shall thinke fitt. and

that every such mitigation and payment thereupon made shall be a sufficient discharge of such penaltyes and forfeitures to the persons soe offending, soe as by such mitigation the same be not made lesse then double the value of the Duty of Excise, which should or ought to have beene paid besides the reasonable costs and charges of such Officer or Officers or others as were imployed therein to be allowed unto them by the said Justices or Comissioners, Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the better leavying [and collecting'] the Dutyes of Excise upon all such Forreigne and imported Liquors for which Excise ought to be paid It is further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe such Forreigne or imported Liquors shall be landed or putt on shoare before due Entry be first made thereof with the Officer or Collector appointed for the Excise in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, or before the Duty

of Excise due and payable for the same shall be fully satisfyed and paid. And that every Warrant from any

Officer or Officers of the Customs for the landing or delivering of any such forreigne Liquors shall be signed by the Hand of the said Officer or Collector of the Excise in the said Port or Place respectively upon paine that all

such forreigne Liquors as shall be landed, or putt on shore or delivered contrary to the true intent and meaning

of this A & or the value thereof shall be forfeited and lost, one moyety thereof to the Kings Majestie, the other

moyety to him or them who shall or will seize informe or sue for the same to be recovered of the Importer or

Proprietor thereof.

And for the [better *] prevention of such Frauds as are dayly practised to defeate his Majesty of the Dutyes of Excise which ought to be paid for Ale and Beere It is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons inhabiting in any Market Towne or in any Citty or Towne corporate or parts adjoymng to any Citty or Towne corporate where there is or shall be a common Brewhouse hav«ng and lawfully useing any private Brewing vessells for the brewing and makeing of Beere or Ale to be spent and consumed in his or their private Familyes shall permitt and suffer any Beere Ale or Worts to be brewed therein in their respective Houses Outhouses or other Place thereunto adjoyning other then for their respective Familyes, Servants, Labourers or to other persons by way of Charity Hospitality or Free guift, or shall lend out any of their Brewing vessells other then which are moveable and unfixt to be made use of by any other person or persons not being of his or their Family for the brewing of Beere or Ale for the use [of1] any other person or persons d»en such person or persons shall forfeite for every such Offence the summe of fifty pounds to be recovered by Btfl> Plaint or other Information in any Court of Record, and the prosecution of such Action to beginne within six moneths after the Fad committed and to be tryed within the County where the said Offence is committed and not elsewhere wherein noe Essoyne Protection or Wager in Law to bee allowed. And one moyety of such Forfeiture to bee to the Kings most excellent Majesty his Heires and Successors, and the other moyety to him or them that shall informe and sue for the same.

1 interlined on the Roll.

Vor,. V.

8 R

IV.

Commissioners, Sub-commissioners, or Farmers may compound forDuty.

V.

Forfeitures, Offences, and all Appeals, to be determined as by former Laws.

VI.

Commissioners, See. to exercise the same Powers as in respect of former Duties.

VII.

How Penalties to be employed.

VIII. Justices of Peace, Commissioners, &c. may mitigate. See. Penalties, so as the same be not made less than Double the Duty besides Costs.

IX.

Foreign exciseable Liquors not to be landed till Entry made and Duty paid.

Warrants for landing or delivering such Liquors to be signed;

Penalty.

X.

Persons inhabiting where there is a common Brewhouse lending their private Brewing Vessels, or suffering any Ale, &c. to be brewed therein, except for their Families;

Penalty

Limitation of Prosecutions

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 5, 6.

A.D. 1670 91671

XI.

Retailer mixing •mall Beer with •trong}

Penalty.

Justices, &c. may summon Evidence. Persons summoned refusing to give Evidence, Exception. Penalty.

. XII. Proviso for Retailers selling Ale or Beer at higher Prices than heretofore appointed.

XIII.

In Actions for executing A&, General Issue.

Double Costs.

XIV.

Writs of Certiorari not allowed.

XV.

Duty to be repaid upon Exportation.

XVI. Commencement of Act.

Rot. Parl. aa k 23 C.II. p, 1. an. 6.

Recital of 15 C.II. c. 14. §1.

And for the avoiding of Frauds and Deceipts by reason of brewing of Beere Ale or Worts of an extraordinary strength and afterwards mixeing the same with small Beere Ale or Worts after the Gauge thereof taken Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Retailer of Beere or Ale shall after the receipt thereof from the common Brewer mixe any Beere Ale or Worts of extraordinary strength with any small Beere, Ale or Wort* in any Vessell or Tub containing three Gallons or more upon paine to forfeite for every Barrell soe mixt double the Duty of Excise for strong Beere or Ale and soe proportionably for any greater quantity to be heard adjudged and determined before the Justices of the Peace and C5missers respectively as is done in other cases before them upon breach of the Lawes of Excise and all Forfeitures for the same shall be leavyed and disposed as by those Lawes are directed and appointed, And the said Justices and Comissioners respectively are hereby impowered and authorized to sumon Evidence for discovery thereof other then the parde or partyes accused, and upon refusal! or negcleft of any person soe summoned to give Evidence when he and they shall be thereunto required every such person soe refuseing shall forfeite and loose for every such Offence any Summe of Money not exceeding forty shillings to be imposed and leavyed, recovered and disposed as other Penaltyes against the said Lawes for the better collecting and recovering the Duty of Excise.

And provided alsoe and bee it further enacted That noe Inne keeper Victualler or other Retailer of Beere or Ale shall at any time hereafter dureing the continuance of this Act be sued impleaded or molested by any Indictment Information or popular Action or otherwise for selling or uttering any Beere or Ale at any other or higher prices then the prices heretofore limitted and appointed, Any thing in this Act or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done in pursuance or execution of this Act he or they shall and may pleade the generall Issue and give this Act in Evidence for their defence, And if upon the Tryall a VerdiCt shall passe for the Defendant or Defendants or the Plaindffe or Plaintiffes be non suited then every such Defendant or Defendants shall recover his and their double Costs.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That noe Writt or Writts of Certiorari shall supercede Execution or other Proceedings upon any Order or Orders made by the Justices aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon any such Writt or Writts or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That the Excise of the Liquors chargeable and payable by this Act shall be re-allowed and repaid to the Exporter for such part thereof as shall be exported as Merchandize to be spent beyond the Seas, Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes [and be it enacted1] That this Act and all the powers matters and things therein contained and every of them shall beginne and commence from the sower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred and seaventy one and not sooner. Any Usage or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for revesting the Power of granting Wine Licences in his Majesty his Heires and Successors and for setleing a Recompence on his Royall Highnesse in liew thereof.

WHEREAS in and by one Act passed this present Parliament in the fifteenth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for setling the Proffitts of the Post-Office and Power of granting Wine-Licences on his Royall Highnesse the Duke of Torke and the Heires Males of his Body It is amongst other things enacted That the said Duke of Torke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten should have all and every the powers and authorities of granting Licences to such person or persons as he or they shall thinke fitt to sell and utter by Retaile all and every and any kinde of Wine or Wines whatsoever to be drunke or spent aswell within the House and Houses or other place in the Tenure or Occupation of the party soe licensed as without in any Citty, Towne or other place whatsoever within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede together with all benefitt thereof. And alsoe that the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten should have that moyety of the [Forfeitures*] and Penalties which by venue of a former Act therein recited was given to his Majestie his Heires and Successors. And therein it was [further ‘] provided That it should be lawfull for the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten and to be begotten to setle any part of the Premisses not exceeding a third part of the cleare yearely value above Charges and Reprises for a Joynture for his or their Wife or Wives, And alsoe to lease any other part of the said Premisses for any number of yeares not exceeding One and twenty yeares, and not exceeding one other third part of the cleare yearely value of the Premisses in order to raise Portions for his and their younger Children as by the said recited Act amongst other things therein contained, relation being thereunto had more at large may appeare.

A.D. 1670 W 1671.

32° & 23° Car. II. c. 6.

707

And whereas by reason of one other A3 passed this present Parlyament in the twentyeth yeare of his now Majestyes Raigne Endtuled An Act for raiseing three hundred and ten thousand pounds by an Imposition upon Wines and other Liquors. And one other Act passed this Parlyament in the two and twentyeth yeare of his now Majestyes Raigne Endtuled An Act for granting unto his Majesde an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported betweene the sower and twentyeth day of June thousand six hundred and seaventy and the fbwer and twentyeth day of June one thousand six hundred seaventy eight, the prices of Wines have beene much raised, and the Retailers much discouraged from takeing Licence, Whereupon his Majesde hath thought it fitt and most advantageous for his Service that the Revenue ariseing by granting Licences to sell Wine by Retaile should be vested in his Majesty his Heires and Successors, And in compensation and full satisfaction thereof hath agreed to and with his said dearest Brother James Duke of Yorke to grant and convey by his Letters Patents under the Great Seale of England hereafter to be made the yearely Rent or yearely Summe of twenty sower thousand pounds to be issueing out of that part of his Majestyes Revenue ariseing from the Excise of Beere, Ale and other Liquors which is setled upon his Majesde his Heires and Successors by vertue of an Act or reputed Act made in the Twelfth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for takeing away the Court of Wards and Liveryes and Tenures in Caphe and by Knight Service and Purveyance taken away and for setleing a Revenue on his Majesty in lieu thereof, And of another A3 passed in this Parlyament in the thirteenth yeare of his [now1] Majestyes Raigne whereby the last mentioned Act is confirmed. The which said yearely summe of twenty sower thousand pounds is to be issueing out of the Excise of Beere Ale and other Liquors ariseing and growing due unto his Majesde [out'] of all and every the severall Countyes and Shires of Buckingham, Essex, Kent, Norffolke, Suffolke, Berkeshire, Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Yorkeshire Hertfordshire and Somersetshire To have and to hold the said yearely Rent or yearely Summe of twenty sower thousand pounds soe issueing out of the said Countyes as aforesaid from the sower and twentyeth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and two unto the said James Duke of Yorke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten payable upon the sower most usuall Feasts in the yeare That is to say Upon the Feasts of Saint Michaell the Arch Angell, the Nativity of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist by even and equall portions. The first payment to beginne and be made at the Feast of Saint Michaell the Arch Angell which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and two. And with the like Powers for the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten to make provision for [his and1] their Wives and Children as the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body had in the Revenue of the Wine Licences setled upon him by the said first recited A3 of Parlyament. The which said yearely Summe of twenty sower thousand pounds his Majesty by his Letters of Privy Seale dated or to be dated on or about the eight and twentyeth day of September in the two and twentyeth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne did grant to be paid for two yeares to commence from the sower and twentyeth day of June in the two and twentyeth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne in such manner and by such quarterly payments as is therein mentioned for the payment thereof. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same That the said Revenue of Wine Licenses with all the Proffitts thereof together with all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest thereof which was setled upon the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten by the said first recited A3 of Parlyament together with all and every the Powers of granting Licences for the retaileing of Wines within the Kingdome of England, Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and all Benefitts, Proffitts and Advantages of the said Powers and alsoe all that moyety of the Forfeitures and all other the Forfeitures and Penaltyes for retaileing Wines without Licence incurred for any Offence which shall be committed after the sower and twentyeth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seaventy except as is hereafter in this Act excepted shall from and after the sower and twentyeth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seaventy be setled and vested in his said Majesty his Heires and Successors discharged of all Joyntures and Powers of makeing Joyntures and Provisions for younger Children made by the said James Duke of Yorke if any such be for or notwithstanding any A3, Matter or Thing contained in the said first recited A3 whereby the said Revenue is setled upon the said James Duke of Yorke in manner as aforesaid.

and that by reason

of aoC. II. c. I. (i9&aoC.ILc.6.)

and s 2 Car. II. c. j. the Prices of Wine had been raised, and that the Revenue of Wine Licences should be vested in the Crown, and that in Recompence a yearly Sum of 4^24,000 was to be granted to the Duke of York, issuing out of the Duties of Beer,

Stc. by

12 C. IL c.24*

13 C. II. st. i. c.7.

Recital of Tenure and Times of Payment of the said Annuity 1

and of Power for the Duke and his Heirs Hale to make Provision thereout for their Wives and Children;

and that the said Annuity had been granted for Two Years by Letters Patent 28th Sep.

22 Car. II.

The Revenue of Wine Licences, and Moiety of all Penalties, vested in the King.

15 Car. II. c 14.

Fteed from Jointures and Provisions for younger Children by the Duke.

Savbiko and excepting out of this A3 unto the said Duke of Yorke all that moyety or moyetyes of all and every the Forfeitures and Penal tyes incurred or to be incurred for retaileing of Wines without Licence before the sower and twentyeth day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seaventy. And alsoe reserveing to the said Duke all Rents and Arreares of Rents due on or before the twenty fowerth Day of June in the said yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and seaventy for the benefitt of the said Duke with the like Power to sue for the same as the said Duke had before the passing of this A3 Any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That his Majestyes Letters Patents under the Greate Seale of England to beare date any time after the first day of November in the two and twentyeth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne or at any time hereafter to be made wherein and whereby there shall be granted or mentioned to be granted unto the said James Duke of Yorke and the Heires males of his Body begotten or to be begotten the said yearely Rent or yearely summe of twenty sower thousand pounds to be issueing out of his Majestyes Revenue of Excise of Beere Ale and other Liquors setled upon his Majesty his Heires and Successors in manner

II.

Proviso for a Moiety of the Forfeiture* incurred before the 24th November 1670, and of Arrears of Rent to 24th June 1670, to the Duke.

III.

Letters Patent of the lat Nov.

22 Car. II. for granting 4^24,000 per Annum to the Duke and his Heirs Male in lieu of the Wine Licences, to stand good in Law.

T08

22° & 23° Car. II. c.6.

A.D. 1670 # 1671.

/v.

Proviso for Nonretitals or Mit recitals in the tame Letters Pttent.

V,

By whom and how the j£a4,oooo per Ann. is to be paid

without Deduction.

Acquittance of the Duke, &c. to be a Discharge.

VI.

The same to be paid Quarterly without Fee, &c.

VII.

Commissioners, &c. neglecting Payment of the said sSl^OOOO; the Duke may prosecute.

VIII. Proviso for Persons having sold Wines by Retail before the 24th November 22 Car. II.

as aforesaid And out of the said Countyes of Buckingham, Essex, Kent Norffolke Sufiblke Berks Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire Yorkeshire Hertfordshire and Somersetshire lyable to the payment thereof and to be paid at such dayes and times and by such proportions and subject to such powers for makeing Joyntures and Provisions for younger Children of the said Duke and of the Heires males of his Body begotten or to be begotten as shall be mentioned in the said Letters Patents or in any other Letters Patents or Writeings hereafter to be made for the granting conveying and setleing of the said yearely Rent or yearely Summe of twenty sower thousand pounds to the said Duke and to the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten, or which shall concerne the yearely payment of the said twenty sower thousand pounds unto the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body, and alsoe his Majesty es Letters of Privy Seale for payment of twenty sower thousand pounds per annu dureing the two yeares therein mentioned shall stand, be good effectuall [and1] available in the Law to all purposes constructions and intents whatsoever.

And alsoe it is hereby further enabled That all and every the Clauses Articles Provisoes, Reservations Powers Limitations and Agreements to be contained in his said Majesty es Letters Patents hereafter to be made, or in any other Letters Patents or Writeings hereafter to be made of for or concerning his Majesty es conveying and setleing of the said yearely Summe of twenty sower thousand pounds unto the said Duke of Yorke and to the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten, or of, for or concerning the yearely or quarterly payments thereof at such respective times as shall be appointed for the true payment thereof and every part thereof shall be and are hereby enacted to be good and effectuall in Law according to the tenour and purport thereof in the said Letters Patents to be expressed. Any misrecitall or non-redtall omission or other defied or imperfedion in the said Letters Patents or Writeings made or hereafter to be made of for or concerning the granting of the said [yearely1] Rent or yearely Summe of twenty sower thousand pounds unto the said Duke and to die Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby further enacted and declared That the said yearely Rent or yearely Summe of twenty sower thousand pounds shall be paid unto the said Duke of Yorke and to the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten at the said sower usuall Feasts of the yeare by and from the immediate Hands of all and every the Farmers Comissers Sub-comissers Receivers or Collectors for the time being of the said Revenue ariseing from the said Excise of Beere Ale and other Liquors in all and every the said Countyes or of any other person or persons who shall receive the said Revenue of the said Countyes before the same be paid into the Receipt of his Majestyes Exchequer without any abatement, deduction or defalcations whatsoever for or by reason of the payment of the same and that the Acquittance of the said Duke or of the Heires Males of his Body, or of his or their Receiver shall be a sufficient discharge to all intents and purposes whatsoever for the true payment thereof. Any Contract Covenant or other matter or thing made or to be made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And it is alsoe hereby further enacted and declared That the said yearely Rent or yearely Summe of twenty sower thousand pounds shall be satisfyed and paid unto the said Duke of Yorke and to the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten or to his or their Receiver Generali for the time being at the said sower usuall Feasts of Saint Michaell the Arch Angell, the Nativity of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary and the Nativity of Saint John Baptist by equall portions without paying or allowing any Fees or other abatement whatsoever either in the said Court of Exchequer or to any Officers of the said Court or elsewhere upon payment of the said [yearely1] Summe of twenty sower thousand pounds or upon payment of any part thereof.

And if the said Farmers ComisSers Sub comissers Receivers Collectors or such other person or persons which shall receive the said Dutye of the said Countyes for the time being or any of them shall refuse or negded to pay the said twenty sower thousand pounds per annu or any part thereof to the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten. That then the said Duke and the Heires Males of his Body begotten or to be begotten may sue, prosecute and impleade the said Farmers Comissers Sub comisSers Receivers Collectors or such other person or persons as shall receive the said Duty of the said Countyes or any of them and all or any of their Securityes by Bill Plaint Action of Debt or Information either in his Majestyes Name or in his or their owne Names, and shall and may recover, have Judgement and Executions thereupon against the said Farmers, ComisSers Sub comissers, Receivers, Collectors, or such other person or persons as shall receive the said Dutye in the said Countyes their Securityes or any of them their Executors or Administrators.

Provided alwayes That noe person or persons shall be sued, prosecuted, impleaded or molested for the selling and uttering of Wines by Retaile without Licence before the said sower and twentyeth day of November in the two and twentyeth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne or for any the herein before excepted Penaltyes and Forfeitures therefore incurred unlesse such person or persons already have beene or shall be sued, prosecuted and impleaded by some Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information to be therefore commenced or exhibited before the fowerteenth day of February which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy two. Any thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 interlined on the Roll.

22? & 23° Car. II. c.T.

709

CHAPTER VII.

An Act to prevent the malitious burning of Houses, Stackes of Come and Hay and killing or maiming of Cade. Hoi. Pari 22 & 23

C. II. p. 1. Mf. 7.

WHEREAS diverse leud and evill disposed persons intending the ruine and impoverishment of their Fellow Reasons for passing vv Subjects have devised and of late secretly in the night time, and at other times when they thinke their deeds th" are not knowne frequently practised in severall parts of this Kingdome unlawfull and wicked courses in burning of Ricks and Stacks of Hay, Come and Graine destroying of Buildings, Trees, and cutting, maiming, wounding and killing of Horses, Sheepe, Beasts, and other Cade in contempt of the Lawes and the insupportable wrong and dammage of many of his Majestyes good Subjects. For prevention whereof and discovery of the offenders Bee it enabled by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Comons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoride of the same That where in any part of this WUfu1 burning of

Kingdome any person or persons after the first day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred Hay, &c. or Barns,

and seaventy shall in the night dme malidously unlawfully and willingly burne or cause to be burnt or destroyed

any Ricks or Stacks of Come, Hay or Graine, Bams [or1] other Houses or Buildings or Kilns or shall in the Night-time;

night time malidously unlawfully and willingly kill or destroy any Horses, Sheepe or other Catell of any person or persons whatsoever every such offence shall be adjudged Felony and the Offenders and every of them shall suffer FelonT-as in case of Felony.

Provided alwayes That noe Attainder for any the Offences made Felony by vertue of this A S shall make or worke PrOTiw Blood>

any corruption of Blood, losse of Dower or Disinheritance of Heire or Heires. Dower, *c.

And bee it further enacted and declared That in case any person or persons who shall be conviS or attainted of any offende^mty elect the Offences made Felony by vertue of this A S as aforesaid (to avoid Judgement of Death or Execution thereupon to be transported for such his Offence) shall make his EleSion to be transported beyond the Seas to any of his Majestyes Plantations That then the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer Goale delivery or Justices of the Peace before whom such Attainder shall be conviS by vertue of this Act and every of them respectively shall cause Judgement to be entred against £ every1 ] such Offender that he be transported beyond the Seas to some of his Majestyes Plantations in the said Judgement to be perticularly mentioned and expressed there to remaine for the space of seaven yeares, and that in pursuance of the said Judgement the Sheriffe or Sheriffes of the County or Citty where such Offender shall be soe convict or attainted shall cause the said Offender to be safely conveyed and imbarqued to be transported as [aforesaid, and if any such Offender shall retume into this Kingdome before the expiration of the said seaven yeares he shall Returning before

suffer death as a Felon, and as if noe such Election to be transported had beene made by him.*] SeraYearsexpired,

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons shall in the night time xnalitiou8ly unlawfully and willingly maime, wound or otherwise hurt any Horses, Sheepe or other Cattell whereby the same shall not be killed or utterly destroyed or shall destroy any Plantations of Trees or throw downe any Inclosures in manner aforesaid That then every such Offender or Offenders shall loose and forfeite unto the partie greived treble the Dammage which he or they shall thereby sustaine, the same to be recovered by ACtian of Trespasse or upon the Case or be taken at the Common Law.

IV.

Maiming Cattle, or throwing down Inclosures, &c. in the Night-time

Treble Damages.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That upon the complaint and request of the party or partyes injured in any such manner any three or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, Citty, Towne corporate or place where such Offence shall be committed, whereof one to be of the Quorum shall and may and they are thereunto authorized and required by vertue of this A S to inquire aswell by the Oathes of twelve lawfull men or more of the same County as by examination of Witnesses upon Oath or by any lawfull wayes or meanes which to them shall seeme meete of and concerning any the Offences before incurred and Offenders therein, and in order thereunto to issue out Warrants aswell for the summoning of Jurors as for the apprehending of all such persons as shall or may be thereof suspeSed and to take their Examination touching the same as alsoe to cause all such other persons as to them shall seeme likely to make discovery thereof to appeare before them and to give Information upon Oath of and concerning their knowledge of the Premises soe as noe person soe to be examined by the said Justices of the Peace shall be convicted, or in any wise proceeded against for or by reason of any Offence concerning which he or they shall be soe examined as a Witnesse and shall upon such his Examination make a true discovery thereof, And in case any person or persons who by the said Justices be thought likely to make discovery as aforesaid shall refuse to appeare or to be examined as a Witnesse being duely sumoned by the said Justices in pursuance of this Act, It shall and may be lawfull for the said Justices of the Peace to committ the party soe refuseing to the common Goale for the said County without Baile or Mainprise untill he shall submitt to be examined upon Oath of and concerning his knowledge touching the same Offence or the Offenders by whome the same was committed.

V.

Three or more Justices of the Peace for County, Arc. where Offence committed, may inouire of the Onence;

may issue Warrants for Jurors, and apprehending suspected Persons, and may summon Witnesses;

Proviso for Witnesses being Offenders.

Witness refusing to appear or to be examined, committed.

Provided That noe person who shall be punished for any Offence by vertue of this Act shall be punished for the same Offence by vertue of any other AS or Law whatsoever, nor shall be questioned for the same unlesse he be proceeded against within six moneths after the Offence committed.

VI.

No Double Punishment. Limitation of Prosecution.

• 8 S

£2° & 23° Car. II. c. 8.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

Rot. Pari 22 & 23 C. II. p. 1. nu. 8.

Rettoni for passing this Act.

A Corporation of Weavers in Kidderminster.

Oath to be taken by them.

n.

On refusing to take Oath, or Death of President, &c. others to be chosen.

III. Power to Corporation to make By-laws;

to be confirmed by Justices of Assize for the County of Worcester, and published Twice a Year. Power to President, 8cc. to impose Fines.

IV.

Fine not to exceed 40s. for oneOffence.

V.

President, &c. being chosen, and neglecting to execute;

Penalty ; how to be levied;

how to be employed.

VI.

Linen Yarn to be reeled on a Reel Four Yards about, and sold openly in the Market.

Each Lea of Yarn to contain 200 Threads.

CHAPTER VM.

An Act for the regulateing the makeing of Kidderminster Stuffes.

WHEREAS diverse Abuses and Deceits have of late yeares beene had and used in the makeing of Stuffes called Kidderminster Stuffes within the Burrough and Parish of Kidderminster in the County of Worcester tending to the debaseing of the said Manufacture and to the great prejudice of the Publique. For the prevention of which abuses and deceits may it please your Majestie that it may be enacted, And bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoride of the same That there shall be chosen one President, sower Wardens and eight Assistants all which shall be Master Weavers within the said Burrough the first Monday after Pentecost in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and one and from thenceforth yearely and every yeare on the next Monday after Pentecost at some publique Place by the Master Weavers of the said Burrough or the greater part of them then present, And the said President, Wardens and Assistants respectively shall within fowerteene dayes after they shall be soe chosen or elected and notice thereof given take the Oath ensueing to be administred by the Bayliffe or any one of the Justices of the Peace of the said Burrough for the time being or either of them Which Oath they and every of them are hereby required from time to time to administer accordingly (viz)

JAB doe sweare That I will well faithfully and honestly performe and discharge the Office of President or Warden or Assistant Mutatis mutandis of the Trade of Clothiers and Stuffe-Weavers within the Burrough and Parish of Kidderminster according to the best of my Skill, Power and Knowledge.

And if it shall happen That the said President or any of the said Wardens or Assistants chosen as aforesaid shall refuse to take the said Oath or after his or their being sworne as aforesaid shall die before the end of the yeare, That then from time to time soe often as neede shall be it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Master Weavers of the said Burrough to choose one other President Warden or Wardens Assistant or Assistants in the place of him or them soe dieing or refuseing who shall be sworne in such manner as aforesaid.

And for the Regulation and good Government of the said Trade and Manufacture the said President Wardens and Assistants or any seaven or more of them, whereof the President and three or more of the said Wardens are to be present shall and may from time to time meete and consult together for the good and benefitt of the said Trade and manufacture, and for the due execution of the powers and authority given by this Act, and to make and ordaine By Lawes Rules and Ordinances for the better regulateing of the said Trade and Manufacture and the Artificers of the same and to make Seales from time to time for sealeing of the same Stuffes. Which By Lawes Rules and Ordinances being ratifyed and confirmed by the (1 ) Justices of Assise for the County of Worcester for the time being shall be published at least twice in the yeare at two publique Assemblyes for the said Trade and Manufacture, and shall be obeyed and kepte by the Artificers of the said Trade and Manufacture and by the severall persons usemg the same within and under the said Regulation. And the said President Wardens and Assistants or any seaven or more of them shall have and hereby have power to impose a Fine or Penalty upon any person or persons useing the said Trade or that shall be under the Regulation thereof as shall not conforme to such Rules, Orders, By Lawes and Ordinances soe made and to be made and confirmed as aforesaid.

Provided That the said Fine or Penalty upon any person for not conforming as aforesaid shall not exceede the Summe of forty shillings for any one Offence.

And if any person or persons duely chosen as aforesaid to be President or Warden or Assistant and due notice thereof given by the Bayliffe of the said Burrough for the time being shall refuse or negclect to execute the place of President Warden or Assistant or to take the said Oath according to the purport of this A & every such person soe refuseing or negclecting shall be fined at the discretion of the Bayliffe or any one of the Justices of the Peace of the said Burrough for the time bong soe as such Fine doe not exceede the Summe of five pounds for any one offence, Which said Fine shall be leavyed by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of the said Bayliffe and any one Justice of the Peace for the said Burrough on the Goods and Chattells of the said Offender by Distresse and Sale rendering the Overplus if any shall be and shall be imployed and disposed of to the use and benefitt of the poore Artificers of the said Trade at the discretion of the said Bayliffe and any one Justice of the Peace of the said Burrough.

And for the better Regulation of the said Trade and Manufacture and the avoiding of Fraude and Deceits therein Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all Linnen-Yam reeled and usually bought and sold or estimated by the Lea to be hereafter used by any of the said Artificers and Stuffe Weavers within the said Burrough or Parish of Kidderminster or Liberties thereof shall be made without fraude or deceit and be openly bought and sould in some publique Market Place on the Market day [with4]in the said Burrough to be appointed by the Bayliffe of the said Burrough for the time being, And before the same be exposed to sale shall be reeled on a Reele sower Yards about every Lea of the said Yame containing two hundred Threads.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

22° & 23° Cab. II. c.8

711

And in case any person or persons shall hereafter sell or expose to sale any the Yams aforesaid made or reeled in any other manner then as aforesaid it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said President Wardens & Assistants or any two or more of them to [cease1] take and carry away all such deceitfull and defective Yarns, which said Yams within twenty dayes after such Seizure shall be tryed by a Jury of twelve honest and able Artificers of the said Trade, who shall be from time to time impannelled and summoned by a Precept under the Hands and Seales of the Bayliffe and any one Justice of the Peace of the said Burrough to appeare at the Guild Hall of the said Burrough at a time certaine in the said Precept spedfyed and then and there be swome by the said Bayliffe and Justice to enquire of the defects of all Yams seized as aforesaid, and to try whether the said Yams be made and reeled according to the true intent and meaning of this Act and the By Lawes and Ordinances made by vertue thereof. And if the said Jury impannelled and swome as aforesaid shall finde any of the said Yams not made and reeled according to the intent and meaning of this Act and the By Lawes and Ordinances made by vertue thereof, That then the said Bayliffe and Justice of the Peace of the said Burrough shall impose such Fine or Fines upon the Owner or Owners of such defective Yarns as in their discretion shall be thought meete not exceeding the value of the moyety of such defective Yams, Which said Fine or Fines the Owners of the said defective Yarns shall pay to the said President for the time being (to be disposed of as the said President Wardens and Assistants or the major number of them shall seeme meete at their next publique Meeting within thirty dayes after the said Tryall) and in

default therof the said Yarns to be sold by the President or any two of the said Wardens, and the Overplus of the

Moneys [thereof1] comeing after the Fine or Fines deducted to be restored to the said Owner or Owners upon demand.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all sorts of Cloathes and Stuffes woven with Woole ouely or of Woole and other Materialls within the said Burrough or Parish of Kidderminster or the Liberties thereof shall be under the Power Government and Regulation of the said President Wardens and Assistants in such manner as by this Act and the By-Lawes and Ordinances made or to be made by vertue thereof, or by the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme are or shall be established.

And that all Clothes and Stuffes made or to be made under the Regulation aforesaid before the same shall be exposed or putt to sale shall be brought to some convenient place within the said Burrough to be appointed by the said President & Wardens or the greater part of them to be viewed and searched by the said President and any one of the said Wardens, or by any two of the said Wardens in the absence of the said President, and if the same shall be found to be well and sufficiently made and wrought according to the Rules and Ordinances of the said Trade and Manufacture then all such Clothes and Stuffes shall be by the said President and any one of the

said Wardens or by any two of the said Wardens for the time being sealed and allowed accordingly. And if upon

such Search and View any Clothes or Stuffes shall be found or conceived not to be well and sufficiently made and wrought according to the Rules and Ordinances of the said Trade and Manufacture then such Clothes and Stuffes shall be seized by the said President and Warden or any two of the said Wardens and be brought to Tryall, and the Owner or Owners fined in such manner and forme as in this present Act is before Unfitted and appointed for the Tryall of defective Linnen Yarne.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said President Wardens and Assistants or any two or more of them shall have and hereby have power and [and3 ] authority to enter into and search the Houses and Workehouses of any Artificer under the Regulation of the said Trade at all times of the day and usuall times of opening of Shopps and workeing, and into the Shopps Houses and Warehouses of any common Buyer, Dealer in or Retailer of any of the said Clothes or Stuffes and into the Houses and Workehouses of any Dyer Sheereman and all other Workemens Houses and places of Sale or dressing of the said Clothes Stuffes and Yams and may there (4) view the said Clothes Stuffes and Yarns respectively whether they be made and wrought according to the Lawes, Orders and Ordinances of the said Trade. And if any Cloth Stuffe or Yams shall be found faulty or defective to seize and carry away the same to be tried by a Jury as afore in this Act is appointed.

And bee it alsoe enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall not be lawfull for any person or persons to buy any peice or peices of Clothes or Stuffes made or to be made within the said Burrough or Parish or Liberty thereof before the same be sealed as aforesaid, and if any peice or peices of such Cloth or Stuffe shall be found in the possession of any person or persons unsealed (except in the possession of the first Owner or Maker thereof) the person or persons in whose custodie the same shall be found shall be adjudged guilty of Deceit and shall forfeite for every such peice of Cloath or Stuffe soe found in his or their possession unsealed as aforesaid the Summe of sower shillings and the Maker and Seller of the same who shall deliver the same out of his or their possession before the same be sealed shall likewise forfeite for every such peice other sower shillings to the use of the Poore of the said Trade.

And if any person shall counterfeite any Seale of the said Trade, or shall seale any peice of Cloth or Stuffe made under the Regulation of the said Trade with any counterfeite Seale, or shall remove a Seale of one peice and sett it to another peice which hath not beene sealed as before in this Act is appointed to be sealed, every person soe offending and being thereof convicted by his owne Confession or by the Oathes of two or more Witnesses to be taken by the Bayliffe or any Justice of the Peace of the said Burrough for the time being, who respectively have hereby power to administer an Oath for that purpose shall forfeite for every such offence the summe of twenty pounds.

VH.

Selling or exposing to Sale Yams unduly reeled.

Seizure t

and to be tried by a Jury

who are to be sworn to inquire of Defects of Yarns seized.

Yarns found not duly made and reefed;

Penalty

to be paid to President, and disposed of by Corporation.

Otherwise Yam to be sold, and Overplus restored to Owner.

viir.

Kidderminster Stuffs to be regulated by the Corporation.

IX.

Cloths, &c. to be viewed and searched by the President,

Sc c.

and if found duly made,

to be sealed.

If not duly made, to be seized and tried, and Owners fined.

X.

Power to Corporation to enter into Shops, Houses, &c. and search and view Cloths, dec.

Cloths found defective, seized and tried.

XI. Buying Cloth before sealed, or such Cloth found unsealed; Exception.

Penalty on Owner.

Penalty on Maker, &c.

XII. Sealing with counterfeit Seal, or removing Seal, 9cc.

Penalty j&io.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 8, 9.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

XIII.

How Journeymen to be provided for.

XIV. How Penalties to be applied.

Levied by Distress,

XV.

JusticeSyConstables, &c. to aid and assist Corporation.

In Actions for executing Act, General Issue.

Double Costs,

And for the better provideing that poore Journey-men who have served in the said Trade and are not able to sect up for themselves may be imployed in Worke It is hereby enacted That every person under the Regulation of the aid Trade, who shall imploy two Apprentices in the said Trade shall likewise imploy and sett on worke two Journeymen in the said Trade dureing the time he shall have or imploy two Apprentices upon paine that every person shall forfeite for every moneth soe offending as aforesaid the Summe of twenty shillings.

And bee it enacted by the authorise aforesaid That the one moyety of all Fines Forfeitures and Penalties [before1 ] in this Act mentioned other then such as are expressely otherwise appointed shall be to the use of the Kings Majestic his Heires and Successors, the other moyety to the use of the Poore of the said Trade, And shall and may be leavyed by distresse and sale of the Goods and Chattells of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of the Bayliffe and one of the Justices of the Peace of the said Burrough, or be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill Plaint or Information in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record, wherein noe Essoyne, Protestion or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

And bee it alsoe enacted That all Bayliffes Justices Sheriffes Constables and all other Officers shall be aiding and assisting to the said President Wardens and Assistants or any of them as often as they shall be thereunto required. And in all Actions and Suites that shall be brought against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act or any of the authorities hereby given, the person or persons soe sued or molested shall or may pleade the Generali Issue of Not guilty and give the spedall Matter in Evidence, and shall recover double Costs in every such Case if the Verdict passe for such person or persons or that the Plaintifie or Plaintiffes be Nonsuite therein, or forbeare further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, For which Costs the said person or persons shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law were given to Defendants.

Rot. Parl. 22 Sr 23 C.II. p. I. HU. 9.

Reasons for the present Grant.

Duties to commence 1st May 1671.

For the Term of Nine Years.

Grants of Franchises, 8rc. not above one Skin.

ExceedingoneSkin.

Other Grants not above one Skin.

ExceedingoneSkin.

Grants of Money or Pardons not above one Skin.

Exceeding one Skin.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for laying Impositions on Proceedings at Law.

WEE your Majestyes most dutyfull and loyall Subjects the Commons assembled in Parlyament haveing entred into a due and serious consideration of the extraordinary Occasions which oblige your Majestie to a great and present Expence for the necessary Defence of your Realines, and considering your Majestyes great Debts, and being desireous to raise such aides and supplyes as may be proportionable to these Occasions doe humbly present your Majesty with the free Gift of the Rates and Aides herein after mentioned and doe beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in Parlyament assembled and by the authorise of the samg That from and after the first day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and one there shall be throughout your Majestyes Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede raised, leavyed, collected and paid unto your Majestie your Heires and Successors dureing the terme of nine yeares for the severall and respective things herein after mentioned over and above the Rates Dutyes and Summes of Money now due and payable to your Majestie or to any person or persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate whatsoever for the same the severall and respective Rates Impositions, Dutyes, Charges and Summes of Money herein after expressed in manner and forme following (That is to say)

xP

For every Charter or Grant which shall be made of any Franchise, Liberty or Priviledge to any person or persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate that shall passe the Great Seale of England or the Seale of the County Palatine of Lancaster not exceeding one Skin of Parchment written in such manner as things of that nature are or heretofore have beene usually written Forty Shillings -

And if the same shall exceede one Skin soe to be written, then for every other Skin of Parchment 1 ^ soe to be written Twenty shillings - - - - J

For every Grant of Lands in Fee, Perpetuity, Lease for yeares and other Grant that shall passe the Great Seale of England, Seale of the Exchequer, Seale of the Dutchy or County Palatine of Lancaster not exceeding one skin of Parchment written in such manner as things of that nature are now, or heretofore have beene usually written Twenty shillings - - - -

And if the same shall exceede one Skin soe to be written, then for every other Skin of Parchment 1 soe to be written Ten Shillings - - - - - - J

For every Grant of any Summe of Money, and for every Pardon of or for any Crime or Offence or of any Sume of Money or Forfeiture that shall passe the Great Seale or Privy Seale, not directed to the Great Seale not exceeding one Skin of Parchment to be written in such manner as things of that nature are now or heretofore have beene usually written. Forty shillings

And if the same shall exceede one Skin soe to be written, then for every other Skin of Parchment soe to be written Twenty shillings - - -

:}

XX*

A.D.\6H0 ftf 1671-

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 9.

713

iiijd

►vj4

For every Presentation and Donation which shall passe the Great Seale of England, and for every"

Collation to be made by any Archbishop or other Bishop, and for every Presentation and Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoever of or to any Benefice, Dignity or Spiritual! or Ecclesiasticall Promotion whatsoever, provided such Benefice Dignity or Promotion be of the value of Twenty pounds or above in the Kings Bookes Forty shillings ...

But if such Spirituall Promotion Dignity or Benefice be but of the value of Ten pounds or above' in the Kings Bookes then but Ten shillings -

Provided That this A & shall not extend to charge any Viccaridge under the improved value of One hundred pounds per annu. the same to be proved by the [Certificates of the*] respefldve Ordinaries.

For every Conveyance, Surrender Release and other Deed whatsoever which shall be enrolled of j Record in any of the Courts at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record whatsoever, or by J*v' any Custos Rotuloru, or Clerke of the Peace Five shillings ...

For every Writt of Covenant for leavying of Fines in the Alienation Office at or above Six shillings" eight pence, and under Twenty shillings, and for which there is now Six shillings eight pence or above usually paid, there shalbe paid over and above such Six shillings and eight pence or above the Sume of three shillings and sower pence - - - ..

And for every Writt of Covenant for leavying of Fines in the Alienation Office at or above Twenty^ shillings, and for which there is now Twenty shillings or above usually paid there shall be paid >yj' viijd over and above such Twenty shillings or above the Summe of Six shillings and eight pence. -J

The said Additionall Sumes not to be accounted any part of the Pre-fine, or to extend to the Post-fine;

For every Writt of Entry for suffering of Common Recoveries in the Alienation Office there shall ^ be paid over and above the Fines now or heretofore usually rated and paid there upon such Writts vvj' [viij.J] Six shillings and eight pence ...... .J

For every Originall Writt not before [by *] this Act charged, Subpoena, Bill of Midlesex, Latitat, Writ" of Capias Quo minus, Writ of Dedimus Potestate to take Answers, examine Witnesses, or sweare Guardians and every other Writ whatsoever, and alsoe for every other Processe or Mandate that shall issue out of, or passe the Seales of any of the Courts of Westminster, Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales, Courts in Countyes Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever holding Plea, where the Debt or Dammage doth amount to Forty shillings, or above; Six pence - -

For the renewing of every such Processe, or Mandate Fower pence - - • jv4

For the Entry of every A£tion in the Maiors and Sheriffes Courts of London, and in Courts in alN Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever, out of which noe Writts, Processe or Mandates issue >yj4 holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty shillings or above. Six pence. J For every exemplification of what nature soever, that shall passe the Seale of any Court whatsoever," not exceeding one Skin of Parchment to be written with as many Words in every Line, and with as many Lines in every Skin, as are now, or heretofore have beene usually written in things exemplifyed.

Seaven shillings and six pence ......

And if the same shall exceede one Skin soe to be written, then for every other Skin of Parchment 1 ^ soe to be written, Five shillings -

For every Bill, Answere, Plea, Demurrer, and every other 'Pleading whatsoever in the Courts of 1 Chauncery Exchequer and Dutchy chamber of Lancaster One shilling.

For the Copy of every Bill, Answere Plea, Demurrer, and of all other Pleadings whatsoever, and" of all Interrogatories and Depositions taken out of the respective Offices, and attested by the respective Officers in the Courts of Chauncery, Exchequer and Dutchy Chamber of Lancaster, there shall be paid for every Sheete to be written with as many Words in every Line, and with as many Lines in every Sheete as are now, or heretofore have beene usually written in such Copyes One penny. .... . -

For the Copy of every Bill, Answere, Plea, Demurrer and of all other Pleadings whatsoever, and" of all Interrogatories and Depositions in all and every other Court of Equity or Conscience whatsoever holding Plea where the Debt or Dammage doth amount to Forty shillings or above there shall be paid for every Sheete to be written with as many Words in every Line, and with as many Lines in every Sheete as are now, or heretofore have beene usually written in such Copies One penny -

For every Order entred and Report filed in any of the said Courts of Chauncery, Exchequer and'

Dutchy Chamber of Lancaster Six pence ....

For the Copy of every such Order and Reporte signed by the proper Officer Three pence - iijd For the Copy of every Declaration, Plea, Demurrer Issue and of all and every other"

Proceedings whatsoever in any of the Courts at Westminster for which there is now payable Eight pence per Sheete, there shall be paid for every Sheete to be written with as many Words in every Line, and with as many Lines in every Sheete as are now, or heretofore have beene usually written in such Copies, One penny. - - -J

►vij‘ yj4

r}?

>>

Presentation to Benefices of j?jo or shore in the King's Books.

Of j£to and shore.

Proviso for Vicarages under j£ioo per Annum.

Deeds enrolled.

Writs of Covenant for levying Fines at and shore 6s. 8d. and under 2 os.

Writs at and shore 20s.

Writs of Entry for suffering of Common Recoveries.

Original Writs, and other Writs, and Process.

Renewing Process.

Entry of Actions in Mayor's Court, &c.

Exemplifications not above one Skis.

Exceeding one Skin.

Bills and Pleadings in Equity.

Copies of Bills and Pleadings in Equity.

Copies of Bills, &c. in inferior Court.

Orders and Reports

in Equity.

Copies thereof.

Copies of Declarations, See, in Courts at Westminster, for which 8d. per Sheet is now payable.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1670&1671

Copies of such Declarations, &c. for which 44!. per Sheet is now payable.

Copies of Declarations and Pleadings in other Courts.

Affidavits.

Copies of Affidavits.

Bails and Appearances.

Rules and Orders in the Courts at Westminster. (Exception.)

Copies of Rules and Orders. Judgments.

Decrees and Dismissions.

Record of Nisi Prius.

Copies of Records, Copies of Proceedings upon Writs of Error.

Posteas.

Recognizances and Statutes.'

Writs of Error. Orders and Rules. Citations.

Libels. Depositions. Answers and final Decrees. Commissions out of Ecclesiastical Court. Inventories.

Institutions.

Licences from

Ecclesiastical

Courts.

Copies of Wills.

Copies of Inventories.

Appeals to Delegates. Other Appeals.

► ijd

For the Copy of every Declaration, Plea and Issue Demurrer, and of all and every other~j Proceedings in any of the Courts at Westminster, for which there is now payable but Fewer pence j per Sheete, there shall be paid for every Sheete to be written with as many Words in every Line, S-id

and with as many Lines in every Sheete as are now, or heretofore have beene usually written in

such Copies, over and above the said Fower pence per Sheete, One penny - - - J

For the Copy of every Declaration, Plea, Issue, Demurrer, and of all and every other Proceedings" whatsoever in all and every other Court whatsoever holding Plea, where the Debt or Dammage

doth amount to Forty shillings, or above, for every Sheete to be written with as many Words in S-id

every Line, and with as many Lines in every Sheete as are now, or heretofore have beene usually written in such Copies, One penny - - -

For every Affidavit that shall be made in writeing, and swome to before any person whatsoever 1

authorized to take an Oath, where any Fee by Law is due to any Officer for the same, Six pence • 5

For the Copy of every Affidavit that shall be filed or reade in any Court whatsoever, Fower pence. iiijd For every Speciall Baile to be taken in any of the Courts at Westminster, or before any of the"

Judges of the said Courts, or in any other Court whatsoever, and for every C5mon Baile whatsoever that shall be filed in any of the said Courts, or any other Court whatsoever, and for every ►vj*1 apparance that shall be made or entred in any of the said Courts, or any other Court whatsoever,

or in any Office belonging to the same. Six pence. -

For every Rule or Order to be made or given in any of the Courts at Westminster, except in-\ the English side of the Chauncery, the English side of the Exchequer, and the English side of the >1 Court of the Dutchy or County Palatine of Lancaster and Rules for Answere, Two pence. -J

And for the Copy of every such Rule or Order Two pence. - - - - ijd

For every Judgement in Debt, or other Judgement whatsoever, which shall be signed by the"

Master of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothonotary or his Secondary,

Deputy or Clerke, or by any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts at Westminster who hath 1 power, or usually doth or shall signe Judgements, One shilling. -

For every Decree and Dismission made by or in the Court of Chauncery, Exchequer, Court of the ^ Dutchy of Lancaster, Courts of the Countyes Palatine of Chester and Durham, Five shillings - J For every Record of Nisi Prius Two shillings and six pence - - - - ij* '

For the Copies of all Records to be taken out of any of the Courts at Westminster, or any Office" belonging to the same, and not herein before charged, and for the Copies of all Proceedings upon Writts of Error in the Exchequer Chamber not herein before charged for every Sheete to be written with S-i* as many Words in every Line, and with as many Lines in every Sheete as are now, or heretofore have beene usually written in such Copies, One penny. - - - -

For every Postea that shall be returned by any Clerke of Assize, Associate, or other person authorized 1 ., to retume Postea’s, One shilling. - - - - - - J

For every Recognizance and Statute of the Staple, or Statute Merchant that shall be inrolled or) .d

entred of Record in any Court or Office whatsoever, Two shillings and six pence. - -)

For every Writt of Error over and above what is before charged, Six pence. - - vjd

For every Order or Rule thereupon, One shilling. - - - - - i«*

For every Citation or Monition Ad instantia partis which shall issue out of, or be made in anyljjjjd Ecclesiasticall Court whatsoever, Fower pence. - - - - - J

For every Libell or Allegation, One shilling. - - - - - i*

For every Deposition of Witnesses, Fower pence. ..... iiij*

For every Answere, Sentence, or Finall Decree, Six pence. * - - - yjd

For every Commission issueing out of any Ecclesiasticall Court Ad instantia partis, Two shillings, ij*

For every Inventory that shall be exhibited into any Ecclesiasticall Court whatsoever which shall 1

amount to Forty pounds or above, and not to One hundred pounds. One shilling. - - J

For every Inventory that shall be exhibited into any Ecclesiasticall Court whatsoever, which shall 1

amount to One hundred pounds, or above, and not to Five hundred hundred pounds. Six shillings. J

For every Inventory that shall be exhibited into any Ecclesiasticall Court whatsoever which shall 1 ^j. amount to Five hundred pounds or above, and not to One thousand pounds, Twelve shillings. -J For every Inventory which shall be exhibited into any Ecclesiasticall Court whatsoever, which shall 1 amount to One thousand pounds or above, One pound two shillings. - - -J

For every Institution that shall passe the Seale of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chaiincellour or other Ordinary or of any Ecclesiasticall Court whatsoever Five shillings.

For every Licence whatsoever that shall passe the Seale of any Ecclesiasticall Court (except Licences') j, for dispenceing the eating of Flesh in Lent) One shilling. - - - - J

For the Copy of every Will registred in any Ecclesiasticall Court whatsoever, for every Sheete ^ containing as many Words in every Line and as many Lines in every Sheete as are now, or heretofore > id have beene usually written in such Copies. One penny. - - - -J

For the Copy of every Inventory which shall be exhibited into any Ecclesiasticall Court, there shall ^ -d

. x*

be paid per Presse. Two pence.

For every Appeale to the Delegates Ten shillings.

For every other Appeale from any Inferiour Ecclesiasticall Court to a Superiour Three shillings 7 and sower pence. - - - - - - • - J

IV"

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

22° & 23° Car. II. c.9.

715

For every Significavit pro Corporis deliberadone, Five shillings. ..

[For every Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiasticall Dignities, or both a Benefice and a Dignity. Fifteene shillings. ']

For every other Dispensation which shall be passed by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being or the Master of the Faculties. Ten shillings.

For every Warrant Monition and personall Decree, and for every Libell, Allegation, and for every Deposition of every Witnesse, and [for1] every personall Answere, which shall issue out of, or be made in the Court of the High Admirall of England or in any Court of his Vice-Admiralls, or the Cinque-Ports exerciseing Jurisdiction. One shilling. .....

For every Comission that shall issue under the Seale of any of the said Courts of Admiralty last mentioned. Five shillings. ..... -

For every Sentence that shall be given in any of the said Courts of Admiralty. Five shillings.

For every Attachment that shall be made out of any of the said Courts of Admiralty Three shillings and sower pence. .....

For every Relaxation of every Attachment made out of any of the said Courts of Admiralty, Three shillings and sower pence. ......

v*

xv4

Significavit pro Coiporia ddiberatione. Dispensations.

Admiralty

Proceeding!.

Commissions.

Sentences.

Attachments.

Relaxations of Attachment.

Which said severall Rates, Impositions, Dutyes, Charges and Summes of Money shall be collected and received by the severall and respective Officers for the time being, and other persons hereafter appointed, or their sufficient Deputyes for whome they will answere, and in such manner as is hereafter directed, That is to say The said Duty for every Charter, Writt, and other thing that shall passe the Greate Seale of England as aforesaid shall be received by the Clerke of the Hanaper before the said Charter or other thing as aforesaid be sealed.

And the said Duty for every Grant of any Summe of Money or other thing as aforesaid that shall passe the Privy Seale, and not be directed to the Great Seale shall be received by the Clerke attending before the said Grant or other thing as aforesaid shall be sealed.

And the said Duty for every Deed and Recognizance that shall be inrolled in the Court of Chauncery shall be received by the Deputy Clerks of the Inroliments respectively before the inrolling thereof.

And the said Duty for every Order and Report in the said Court and for Copies of the same shall be received by the Register of the said Court before the entring or signing of the same, and that the same shall not be of any effe& untill they are soe signed.

And the said Duty for the Copy of every Bill, Answere, Plea, Demurrer and all other Pleadings whatsoever as aforesaid in the said Court, and of all Interrogatories and Depositions taken by Commission out of the said Court, and alsoe the said Dutyes for all Decrees and Dismissions in the said Court, shall be received by the Six Clerkes of the said Court respectively before the signing of the same.

And the Dutyes for all Copies of all other Interrogatories and Depositions not taken by Commission as aforesaid shall be received by the Examiners of the said Court respectively before the signing of the same.

And noe Declaration, Plea Demurrer or other Proceeding in the Pettibag in the said Court of Chauncery shall be of any effect untill the respective Copies of the same shall be signed by the Clerks of the Pettibag respectively, who are hereby required before such signing thereof to receive the Dutyes by this Act appointed to be paid for the same respectively.

And the said Duty for every Affidavit made before any of the Masters of the Chauncery in Ordinary shall

be received by the said Master respectively, who is alsoe hereby required to signe the Affidavit and to receive the said Duty upon the signing thereof.

And the said Duty shall be accounted for every Weeke to such person or persons as his Majesty his Heires and Successors shall for that purpose nominate and appoint as is hereafter provided.

And the said duty for every Affidavit made before any Master of the Chauncery extraordinary shall be received by the said Master respectively, and the said Master is hereby required to signe the same and to receive the said Duty upon the signing thereof.

And the said Duty for every Writt, Processe or Mandate as aforesaid that shall issue out of or passe the

Seale of the Court of Kings Bench shall be received by the Keeper of the said Seale before the sealing of the same.

And the said Duty for every Bill of Midlesex as aforesaid shall be received by the Clerke that signs and seales them before the signeing and sealing of the same.

And the said Duty for every Deed that shall be inrolled in the said Court of Kings Bench shall be received by the Prothonotary of the said Court before the inrolling of the same.

And the said Duty for every Recognizance as aforesaid that shall be acknowledged in the said Court shall

be received by the Secondary on the Crownes side in the said Court at the time of the acknowledgement of

the same.

And noe Declaration, Plea, Replication, Demurrer Rejoynder Issue or other Proceeding upon the same in the said Court of Kings Bench shall be of any effect untill the respective Copies of the same shall be signed by the Secondary of the Pleas side, who shall and is hereby required before such Signiture to receive the Dutyes by this Act appointed to be paid for the same respectively.

What Officers to collect Duties as follow.

Duties arising from the Great Seal.

From the Privy Seal.

Deeds, &c. inrolled in Chancery.

Orders and Reports.

Copies of Pleadings.

Copies of Interrogatories.

Proceedings in the Petty Bag not of Effect till Copies signed by Clerk.

Affidavits before Masters.

Weekly Accounts of Duty.

Affidavits before

Masters

extraordinary.

Writs, 3cc. of the Court of K. B.

Bills of Middlesex.

Deeds inrolled in K. B.

Recognizances

in K. B.

Declarations, &c. in K. B. of no Effect till Copies signed by Secondary.

annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

• 0. omits

22° & 23° Car. II. c

A.D. 1670 &P 16yi.

Bails and Appearances.

Rules and Orders in K.B.

Affidavits in K. B.

Affidavits out of Court.

Records of NisiPrius.

Posterns.

Judgments.

Process in C. P.

Deeds inrolled.

Recognisances.

Declarations, kc. in C. P. of no £ffe& till Copies signed by Prothonotary.

Bail.

Appearance.

Rules and Orders.

Record of Nisi Prius.

Posteas.

Judgments.

Affidavits.

Affidavits out

of Court.

Grants, &c. under the Exchequer Seal.

Deeds, &c. inrolled in the Exchequer.

Proceedings in Court of Exchequer of no Effect till Copies signed by Attornies.

Bail and Appearance.

Rules, Orders, &c.

Record of Nisi Prius.

Postea.

And the said Duty for every Baile and Apparance in the said Court shall be received by the Clerke of the Bailes in the said Court before the hieing and entring of the same respectively.

And the said Duty for every Rule and Order as aforesaid made or given in the said Court shall be received by the Clerke of the Rules before the entring of the same.

And the said Duty for every Affidavit made in the said Court shall be received by the Clerke of the Rules of the said Court upon the signing or makeing thereof.

And the said Duty for every Affidavit made before any of the Judges of the said Court out of Court shall be received by such person or persons from time to time as the said Judges shall for that purpose respectively appoint.

And the said Duty for every Record of Nisi Prius in the said Court shall be received by the Custos Breviu of the said Court before the sealeing of the same.

And the said Duty for every Postea in the said Court shall be received by the respective Clerks of the Amaze and Associates respectively upon recording of the VerdiCts.

And the said Duty for every Judgement as aforesaid in the said Court shall be received by the said Secondary of the Pleas side before the signing of the same.

And the said Duty for every Writt or Processe that shall passe the Seale of the Court of Common Pleas as aforesaid shall be received by the Seale-keeper of the said Court before the sealeing thereof.

And the said Duty for every Deed that shall be inrolled in the said Court of^ Common Pleas shall be received by the Clerke of the Warrants of the said Court before the enrolling thereof.

And the said Duty for every Recognizance entred into the said Court of Common Pleas shall be received by the Prothonotaries of the said Court respectively at the time of the acknowledgeing of the same.

And noe Declaration, Plea, Replication, Demurrer, Rejoynder, Issue or other Proceeding upon the same in the said Court of Common Pleas shall be of any effect untill the respective Copies of the same shall be «gnpd by the respective Prothonotaries of the said Court who shall and are hereby required before such Signiture to receive the severall and respective Dutyes by this Act appointed to be paid for the same.

And the said Duty for every Baile taken in the said Court shall be received by the respective Prothonotaries of the said Court before the entring and filemg of the same respectively.

And the said Duty for every Apparance given upon any Processe made by any of the Filizers of the said Court shall be received by the said respective Filizers, and upon all other Processe by the respective Prothonotaries before the entring of the same.

And the said Duty for every Rule and Order as aforesaid made or given in the said Court shall be received by the respective Secondary of the said Court before the entring of the same.

And the said Duty for every Record of Nisi Prius in the said Court shall be received by the respective Prothonotaries of the said Court before the sealeing of the same.

And the said Duty for every Postea in the said Court shall be received by the respective Clerke of Assize or Associates that record the VerdiCk upon recording of the said VerdiCt

And the said Duty for every Judgement as aforesaid in the said Court of Common Pleas shall be received by the Prothonotaries of the said Court respectively before the signeing of the same.

And the said Duty for every Affidavit made in the said Court shall be received by the Secondaries of the said Court respectively upon the signing or makeing of the same.

And for every Affidavit made out of Court before any of the Judges of the said Court, the said Duty shall be received by such person or persons as the said Judges respectively shall from time for that purpose appoint.

And the said Duty for every Grant or other thing as aforesaid which shall passe the Exchequer Seale shall be received by the Chauncellour of the Exchequer for the time being before such Grant or other thing shall be sealed.

And the said Duty for every Deed or Recognizance that shall be inrolled either in the Kings or Treasurers Remembrancers Office, or in the Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer shall be received by the Masters of the said severall Offices respectively before the enrolling of the same.

And noe Declaration or Information Plea Replication Demurrer Rejoynder Issue or other Proceeding upon the same in the Kings or Treasurers Remembrancers Offices in the said Court of Exchequer shall be of any effect untill the respective Copies of the same shall be signed by the respective Attoumeys of the said severall Offices who are hereby required before such Signature to receive the Dutyes by this Act appointed to be paid for the same respectively, the like to be done by the Clerke of the Pleas of the said Court of Exchequer within his Office respectively.

And the said Duty for every Baile and Apparance in the said severall Offices in the said Court of Exchequer shall be received by the Attoumeys of the said Court respectively before the hieing and entring of the same.

And the said Duty for every Rule Order and Reporte as aforesaid to be made in the said Court of Exchequer and for Copies of the same shall be received by the respective Officers or Clerks that signe the same before the entring, signing or hieing of the same.

And the said Duty for every Record of Nisi-prius in the said Court of Exchequer shall be received by such Officer or Clerke as shall signe the same or the Warrant for the same before the signing of such Record or Warrant.

And the said Duty for every Postea in the said Court of Exchequer shall be received by the respective Clerke of Assizes and Associates respectively upon recording of the VerdiCts.

A.D.I&JO tf 1671.

22° & 23° Cak. II. c. 9.

717

And the said Duty for every Judgement in the said Court of Exchequer ns aforesaid shall be received by the

severall Officers of the said Court, who shall signe the same respectively, upon the signing of the same.

And the said Duty for the Copy of every Bill Answere. Plea Demurrer and all other Pleadings whatsoever

as aforesaid in the said Court of Equity in the Exchequer, and of all Interrogatories and Depositions taken by

Commission out of the said Court, and alsoe the said Duty for all Decrees and Dismissions in the said Court

shall be received by the Attourneys in the Kings Remembrancers Office in the said Court respectively.

And the Dutyes for all Copies of all other Interrogatories and Depositions not taken by Commission as aforesaid shall be received by the Examiners of the said Court respectively before the signing of the same.

And the said [Dutyes1] for all Copies of any Proceedings upon Writts of Error in the Exchequer Chamber upon Judgements given in the said Court of Exchequer shall be received by the respective Officer that signs the same upon the signing thereof, and upon Judgements out of any other Court by the Clerke of the Errors in like manner.

And the said Duty for every Charter or Grant that shall passe the Seale of the County Palatine of Lancaster

shall be received by the Keeper of the said Seale before the sealeing of the same.

And the said Duty for every Deed inrolled and every other thing as aforesaid charged by this Act as aforesaid in the Court of the Dutchy of Lancaster the same shall be received in manner aforesaid by the Clerke of the said Dutchy Court.

And the said Duty for every Deed inrolled in any other Court of Record then the Courts before mentioned in this Act shall be received by the respective Officer of the said Courts that shall inroll the same before the inrolling thereof, and if by any Custos Rotuloru or Clerke of the Peace, then by the Clerke of the Peace respectively in manner as aforesaid.

And the said severall Dutyes by this Act ariseing within any other County Palatine shall in like manner be received by the respective Chauncellours or Chamherlaine of the said Countyes Palatine or such as they from time to time shall for that purpose nominate and appointe respectively.

And the said Duty for Entry of an Action or Plaint in the Courts of the Maior or Sheriffes of the Citty of London, and the Duty of or for any other thing ariseing within the said Courts or any of them shall be

received in manner as aforesaid by the proper Officer that shall act in those severall things from or for which

the said Duty doth arise respectively.

And if any doubt or question shall arise who is the said proper Officer the same shall be judged and determined by the said Courts respectively.

And the said severall Dutyes charged by this Act, ariseing within the Court of Marshalsey or within any other

Court within any other Corporation then those already mentioned in this Act shall be received by the respective

Prothonotary Towne-Clerke or Clerke of such Court and in other inferiour Courts by the respective Stewards or other like Officers of the said Courts in manner as aforesaid.

And the said severall Dutyes for every Presentation Collation, Institution, and other thing charged by this Act which shall passe the Episcopall Seale, or the Seale of the Ordinary shall be received by the said Ordinary respectively before the sealeing of the same who is hereby required to keepe a Register or Entry of the same.

And the said severall Dutyes ariseing within the Court of the Arches or any other Ecdesiasticall Court as aforesaid shall be received by the Registers of the said severall Courts respectively.

And the said Duty for every Inhibition that shall issue upon an Appeale as aforesaid shall be received by the respective Registers of the Courts to which the said Appeales shall be made.

And the said Duty for every Dispensation Faculty and License as aforesaid which shall be passed by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury or Master of the Facultyes shall be received by the said Master of the Facultyes for the time bring.

And the said Dutyes ariseing within any of the [said1] Courts of the Admirall or his Vice-Admiralls or of the Cinque-Ports shall be received by the respective Registers of the said Courts.

And the said Dutyes for the Copies of any other Records that shall be taken out of any of the said Courts of Westminster or any Office belonging to the said Courts the Receipt and Collection whereof is not herein already disposed or appointed shall be received by the severall Officers and other persons that shall make or signe the same upon the makring or signing of them.

And the said Dutyes ariseing within the Court or Councell of the Marches of Wales as aforesaid shall be received by the Clerke of the Signet, or Secretary of the said Court or Councell in manner as aforesaid.

And the said Dutyes ariseing within the severall Courts of the Grand Sessions in Wales as aforesaid shall be received by the Baron of the Exchequer in each Circuit, and by the Prothonotary, and the Register and the two Attourneys in Chauncery of each Circuit respectively in manner following that is to say.

For Originall Writts and other matters that passe the Seale for Originalls shall be received by the said Barons respectively, and for Justiceall Writts, Inrolment of Deeds and Recognizances, Rules and Orders in Proceedings at Common Law, and Copies of them. Copies of Declarations Pleas and other Proceedings at the Common Law, and for Bailes and Apparances Judgements and other things as aforesaid relateing to the Common Law to be received by the respective Prothonotaries of each Circuit, and for Copies of all Bills, Answers, Pleas, Demurrers and other Proceedings as aforesaid relateing to Equity, to be received by the respective Register and the said two Attourneys in Chauncery of each Circuit respectively.

Judgments.

Copies of Pleadings.

Copies of Proceedings in Error in Exchequer Chamber.

Grants, & c. under Seal of C. P. of Lancaster.

Deeds inrolled in Dutchy Court of Lancaster.

Deeds inrolled in any other Court of Record.

Duties in other Counties Palatine.

Plaints in Courts of the Mayor and Sheriffs of London.

The proper Officer determined.

Court of

Marshalsey.

CorporationCourts.

Presentations.

Ecclesiastical

Courts.

Inhibitions on Appeals.

Dispensations.

Admiralty Courts.

Copies of any other Records in the Courts of Westminster.

Courts of Marches of Wales.

Courts of Grand Sessions in Wales.

Original Writs and other Matters herein mentioned.

1 Duty 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

8 U

718

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 9.

A.D. 1670 &1671.

The said several Duties to be paid by Persons so receiving to Receiver General.

Receivers of Duties to account upon Oath.

Duties arising elsewhere than as aforesaid to be accounted for on Oath to Justice of Peace, &c.

II.

Receiver General’s Acquittance a Discharge without Fee.

III.

The Receivers to keep Books of Entries;

to be from time to time produced to Receiver General.

IV.

Receiver General to have View of Records, and may take Notes, &c. without Fee.

V.

Officers to give Security.

VI. Negle&ng to pay or receive the Duties;

First Offence; Penalty.

Second Offence;

Forfeiture of Office and Incapacity.

VII.

The Judges of the respective Courts to make Rules and Orders for collecting, &c. Duties.

VIII. Proviso respecting Criminal Proceedings and Suits in forma pauperis.

And the said severail Rates, Impositions Dutyes Charges and Summes of Money soe to be received by the said severall and respective Officers and other persons as aforesaid shall be respectively charged upon them, and by them duely and perticularly accounted for, answered and paid to such person and persons as by his Majestie, his Heires and Successors shall be thereunto specially appointed to be the Generali Receiver or Receivers by Warrant under the Great or the Privy Seale at or before the dayes hereafter limitted that is to say, at or before the first day of Michaelmas Terme, the first day of Hillary Terme, and the first day of Easter Terme in every yeare dureing the continuance of this Act.

And as to the Dutyes ariseing in any of the said Courts every of the said respective persons who shall receive any of the said Dutyes shall from time to time make Oath before some or one of the Judges of the same Court, where the said Dutyes doe or shall arise of the truth of their respective Accounts.

And for all such of the said Dutyes as shall arise otherwhere, and are not relateing to any of the said Courts Ecclesiasticall or Temporal!, or the Officers or Ministers of the same, the persons by this Act appointed to receive the same shall make Oath of the truth of such their Accounts before some Justice of the Peace, or Blaster in Chauncery in Ordinary or Extraordinary who are hereby authorized and required to administer such Oathes.

And bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Receiver or Receivers Generali at every time of payment appointed by this Act as aforesaid shall give unto the said severall Officers and persons aforesaid upon the payment of any of the Summes of Money due by this Act severall Acquittances under their Hands and Seales without takeing any thing for the same. Which said Acquittances shall be a full and perfect discharge for the Summes of Money therein mentioned to the said severall Officers and persons paying the same.

And to the end the said severall Dutyes may be the better accounted for and answered to his Majestie his Heires and Successors in manner aforesaid Bee it further enacted That every of the said Officers and other persons soe as aforesaid appointed to receive the said Dutyes respectively shall keepe Bookes, wherein all Moneys by him to be received in pursuance of this Act, expressing the Names of the persons from whome, and for what the same were received shall be duely entred and sett downe, which Bookes shall from time to time be produced and shewn to the said Receiver or Receivers Generali soe to be appointed or such other person or persons as shall be thereunto lawfully authorized by his Majestie his Heires and Successors.

And the said Receiver or Receivers Generali or such other person or persons as shall be thereunto lawfully authorized by his Majestie his Heires and Successors as aforesaid shall likewise have free resorte at any seasonable time to any Record or Entry of any Proceedings or other matters aforesaid, to search, view and peruse the same, and as occasion shall be to take Notes or Abstracts out of the same without any thing paying for the same, and the Officers of the severall Courts before mentioned are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to such Receiver or Receivers Generali therein.

And the said severall Officers and other persons in their respective Courts aforesaid shall give such Security for the due entring, accompting for, answering and paying the said severall Dutyes and Sumes of Money by them respectively to be received as aforesaid as by the said Courts respectively shall be directed and appointed.

And if any Attoumey, Sollicitor or other person whatsoever charged or chargeable with any of the said Dutyes by vertue of this Act shall not duely and fully answere and pay the same to the proper Officer appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, or if such Officer shall wilfully refuse or negded to receive the same, or «h*ll not truely enter the same in a Booke, and justly accompt for, answere and pay the same to the respective Receiver Generali in manner aforesaid, then every such person soe offending shall upon conviction for the first defaulte for which he shall be questioned and convicted forfeite and pay to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors ten times the value of the Duty or Dutyes which his Majesty his Heires or Successors shall lose by such defaulte to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill Plaint or Information in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record wherein noe Essoyne Wager of Law or Protection is to be allowed, and upon a second conviction for the like default afterwards committed shall forfeite such his Office and imployment, and be for ever uncapeable of holding or enjoying the same or the like Office or Employment.

And the Judges of the severall Courts respectively are hereby authorized and required from time to rime to take such security as aforesaid, and to give, make and publish such Rules, Orders and Directions for the better entring collecting accompting for answering and paying of the said severall Dutyes by the Officers of the said respective Courts, or such [other *] Officers as shall be thereunto authorized by his Majestie in the said severall Courts, and for preventing all Fraudes and Abuses therein as to the said Judges of the respective Courts aforesaid shall seeme meete, Soe as they impose noe other Forfeitures or Penalties then are contained in this Act.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby further enacted and declared That none of the Rates Impositions Dutyes Charges or Summes of Money before in this Act expressed shall be raised, leavyed, collected or paid or payable unto his Majestie by vertue of this Act upon any Information Indictment or other Proceedings at his Majestyes Suite in [any of1] the said Courts for or in respect of any Felony Trespasse or other criminall matter whatsoever, nor to any person or persons that shall be admitted to sue or defend in forma pauperis. Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1610 9> 1671. 22° & 23° Car. II. c. 9, 10.

719

[And for prevention of triviall and vexatious Suites in Law, whereby many good Subjects of this Realme have beene and are dayly undone contrary to the intention of an Act made in the three and fortyeth yeare of Queene Elizabeth for avoiding of infinite numbers of small and trifling Suites commenced in the Courts at Westminster Bee it further enacted for makeing the said Law effectuaU That from and after the first of May aforesaid in all Actions of Trespasse, Assault and Battery and other personall Actions wherein the Judge at the Tryall of the Cause shall not finde and cerdfie under his Hand upon the backe of the Record that an Assault and Battery was sufficiently proved by the Plaindffe against the Defendant, or that the Freehold or Title of the Land mentioned in the Plaindffes Declaration was cheifely in question, the Plaintiffe in such Action in case the Jury shall finde the Dammage to be under the value of forty shillings shall not recover or obtaine more Costs of Suite, then the Dammages soe found shall amount unto, And if any more Costs in any such A£don shall be awarded, the Judgement shall be void, and the Defendant is hereby acquitted of, and from the same, and may have his Action against the Plaindffe for such vexatious Suite, and recover his Damages and Costs of such his Suite in any of the said Courts of Record. *]

IX.

Recital of Intention of 43 Eliz. c. 6.

In Personal Actions wherein no Judges* Certificate of Assault, See. or of Title of Land is in Question, and Damages under 40s. no more Costs than Damages; otherwiseJudgment ▼oid, See.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for the better setting of Intestates Estates.

BEE it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same That all Ordinaries aswell the Judges of the Prerogative Courts of Canterbury and Yorke for the time being as all other Ordinaries and Ecclesiasticall Judges and every of them haveing power to committ Administration of the Goods of persons dying Intestate, shall and may upon their respective granting and comitting of Administrations of the Goods of persons dying Intestate after the first day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy and one of the respective person or persons to whome any Administration is to be comitted, take sufficient Bonds with

two or more able Suretyes, respect being had to the value of the Estate in the Name of the Ordinary with the

Condition in forme and manner following, mutatis mutandis viz.

rpHE Condition of this Obligation is such That if the within bounden A B Administrator of all and singular the Goods, Chattells and Credits of C D deceased doe make or cause to be made a true and perfect Inventory of all and singular the Goods Chattells and Credits of the said deceased which have or shall come to the Hands Possession or Knowledge of him the said A B, or into the Hands and Possession of any other person or persons for him, and the same soe made doe exhibite or cause to be exhibited into the Registry of Court at or

before the day of next ensueing, And the same Goods, Chattells and Credits, and

all other the Goods, Chattells and Credits of the said deceased at the time of his Death which at any time after shall come to the Hands or Possession of the said A B, or into the Hands and Possession of any other person or persons for him, doe well and truely administer according to Law, And further doe make or cause to be made a true and just accompt of his said Administracbn at or before the day of And all

the rest and residue of the said Goods, Chattels and Credits which shall be found remaining upon the said Administrators Accompt, the same being first examined and allowed of by the Judge or Judges for the time being of the said Court shall dt *er and pay unto such person or persons respectively as the said Judge or Judges by

his or their Decree or S< ence pursuant to the true intent and meaning of this Act shall limitt and appoint.

And if it shall hereafter appeare That any last Will and Testament was made by the said deceased and the Executor or Executors therein named doe exhibite the same into the said Court, makeing request to have it allowed and approved accordingly, if the said A B within bounden being thereunto required, doe render and deliver the said Letters of Administration (Approbation of such Testament being first had and made) in the said Court. Then this Obligation to be void and of none effect, or else to remaine in full Force and Vertue.

Rot. Pari 12 & 13 C.II. p. x. j»*.io.

All Ordinaries who have Power to grant Administrations to take Bond.

The Condition of the Bonds.

Which Bonds are hereby declared and enacted to be good to all intents and purposes, and pleadable in any Courts of Justice. And alsoe that the said Ordinaries and Judges respectively shall and may, and are enabled to proceede and call such Administrators to accompt for and touching the Goods of any person dyeing Intestate, and upon heareing and due Consideration thereof to order and make just and equall destribution of what remaineth cleare (after all Debts, Funeralls and just Expences of every sort first allowed and dedu&ed) amongst the Wife and Children, or Childrens Children if any such be or otherwise to the next of Kindred to the dead person in equall degree, or legally representing their Stocks pro suo cuiqs jure according to the Lawes in such cases and the Rules and Limitation hereafter sett downe, and the same destributions to decree and setle, and to compell such Administrators to observe and pay the same by the due course of his Majestyes Ecclesiasticall Lawes. Saveing to every one supposeing him or themselves agreived their Right of Appeale as was alwayes in such cases used.

Ordinaries may call Administrators to account, and make Distribution amongst the Wife and Children, &c.

Appeal.

Provided That this Act or any thing herein contained shall not any way prejudice or hinder the Custome observed within the Citty of London, or within the Province of Yorke, or other places haveing knowne and received Customs peculiar to them, but that the same Customs may be observed as formerly. Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

H.

Proviso for Customs of London and Province of York. &c.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 10,11. A.D. 1670 tf 1671-

III.

How and to whom Surplus to be distributed.

Proviso respecting Advancement by Portion, &c.

Heir at Law, although he take Land, to have an equal Part.

If no Children then Moiety to Wife, and Residue to next of Kin.

IV. Representation amongstCollaterals. If no Children then to next of Kin.

V.

No Distribution till after one Year. If Debts afterwards appear, then all* to refund proportionally.

VI.

Proviso forj Administration cum Testamento annexo.

VII.

Continuance of Ad.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all Ordinaries and every other person who by this Act is enabled to make distribution of the Surplusage of the Estate of any person dying intestate

shall distribute the whole Surplusage of such Estate or Estates in manner and forme following. That is to say.

One third part of the said Surplusage to the Wife of the Intestate, and all the residue by equall portions to and

amongst the Children of such persons dyeing intestate, and such persons as legally represent such Children in

case any of the said Children be then dead, other then such Childe or Children (not being Heire at Law) who shall have any Estate by the Setlement of the Intestate, or shall be advanced by the Intestate in his Life time by portion or portions equall to the share which shall by such distribu£6n be allotted to the other Children, to whome such distribu£6n is to be made. And in case any Childe other then the Heire at Law who shall have any Estate by Setlement from the said Intestate, or shall be advanced by the said Intestate in his Life time by portion not equall to the share which will be due to the other Children by such distribution as aforesaid, then soe much of the Surplusage of the Estate of such Intestate to be distributed to such Childe or Children as shall have any Land by Setlement from the Intestate, or were advanced in the Life time of the Intestate as shall malrw the Estate of all the said Children to be equall as neere as can be estimated. But the Heire at Law notwithstanding any Land that he shall have by descent or otherwise from the Intestate is to have an equall part in the distribution with the rest of the Children without any consideration of the value of the Land which he hath by descent or otherwise from the Intestate. And in case there be noe Children nor any legall Representatives of them, then one Moyety of the said Estate to be allotted to the Wife of the Intestate, the residue of the said Estate to be distributed equally to every of the next of Kindred of the Intestate who are in equall degree and those who legally represent them.

Provided That there be noe Representations admitted among Collaterals after Brothers and Sisters Children, And in case there be noe Wife then all the said Estate to be distributed equally to and amongst the Children,

And in case there be noe Childe then to the next of Kindred in equall degree of, or unto the Intestate and their

legall Representatives as aforesaid and in noe other manner whatsoever.

Provided alsoe and bee it likewise enacted by the authoritie aforesaid To the end that a due reguard be had to Creditors that noe such distribution of the Goods of any person dying intestate be made till [after1] one yeare be fully expired after the Intestates death, and that such and every one to whome any distribution and share shall be

allotted shall give Bond with sufficient Suretyes in the said Courts that if any debt or debts truely oweing by the

Intestate shall be afterwards sued for and recovered, or otherwise duely made to appeare That then and in every such case he or she shall respectively refund and pay backe to the Administrator his or her rateable part of that Debt or Debts, and of the Costs of Suite and Charges of the Administrator by reason of such Debt out of the part and share soe as aforesaid allotted to him or her, thereby to enable the said Administrator to pay and satisfie the said Debt or Debts soe discovered after the distribution made as aforesaid.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That in all cases where the Ordinary h?th used heretofore to grant Administration cum Testamento annexo, he shall continue soe to doe, and the Will of the deceased in such Testament expressed shall be performed and observed in such manner as it should have beene if this Act had never beene made.1]

[Provided alsoe That this Act shall continue in force for seaven yeares, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament and noe longer. *]

CHAPTER XI.

Rot. Parl. 22 & 23 C.JI. p. I. inr.ii.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Master delivering up Ship (of aoo Tons and 16 Guns) to Pirates or others without fighting.

An Act to prevent the delivery up of Merchants Shipps, and for the Increase of good and serviceable Shipping.

WHEREAS it often happeneth that Masters and Commanders of Merchants Shipps doe suffer their Shipps to be boarded, and their Goods to be taken out by Pirates and Sea-rovers, notwithstanding they have sufficient force to defend themselves, whereby not onely the Merchants are much fpjudiced but the Honour of the English Navigation is thereby much diminished, and Merchants discouraged from ladeing their Goods on Board English Shipps to the decay of Shipping. In the pservation of which the Wealth, Honour and Safety of this Nation is soe much concerned. To which the said Masters are incouraged by a practice used towards them by the Turkes and others who after they have taken out the Goods as encouragement to Masters of Shipps to yeild, doe not onely restore the Shipp with such Goods as are claimed by the Masters or Seamen but many times pay unto the Masters all or some part of the Freight, which hath many times caused suspition of Treachery in the said Masters to the great Dishonour of the English Nation. For the pVention thereof for the future and for the better incouragement to Merchants as well Forreigners as English to freight and use English Shipps Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons assembled in Parlyament and by authoritie of the same That where any Goods or Merchandices shall be laden on Board [any1] English Shipp, which Shipp shall be of the Burthen of two hundred

.0.1670^1671.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 11.

721

Tunns or upwards and mounted with sixteene Gunns or more, if the Master or Commander shall yeild up the said Goods to any Turkish Shipps or Vessells, or to any Pirates or Sea rovers whatsoever without fighting, that then and in such case the Master shall upon proofe thereof made in the High Court of Admiraltie be from thenceforth incapeable of takeing charge of any English Shipp or Vessell as Master or Commander thereof, and if he shall at any time thereafter presume to take upon him to command any English Shipp or Vessell, he shall suffer Imprisonment by Warrant from the said Court dureing the space of six months for every such Offence; And in case the persons soe takeing the said Goods shall release give backe or lett passe (1) the said Shipp shall pay unto the said Master any Summe or Summes of money, or any goods in lieu of money for Freight or other reward or gift, That in all or any such cases the said goods or money soe given or the value thereof, as alsoe the Masters part of such Shipp her Tackle, Apparell and Furniture soe released, given backe or lett passe, out of which the said goods were taken shall be lyeable to repaire the persons whose goods were soe delivered or taken by Action in the High Court of Admiralty, And in case the Commanders or Masters part of the Shipp, Tackle, Apparell and Furniture together with such money and goods given as aforesaid shall not be sufficient to repaire all the Dammages sustained, then the Reparations to be recovered on the Masters or Commanders part of the Shipp to be divided pro rata amongst the persons prosecuting and proveing their Damages, and the persons damaged to have their Action against the Master for the Remainder.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe Master of any such English Shipp as aforesaid being at Sea, and haveing discovered any Shipp to be a Turkish Shipp, Pirate or Sea rover shall depart out of his Shipp upon any ptence whatsoever least by his detention on Board any such Shipp the safety of his owne Shipp be hazarded.

And bee it further enacted That if the Master of any English Shipp or Vessell though not of the Burthen of two hundred Tunns or mounted with sixteene Gunns as aforesaid shall yeild his Shipp unto any Turkish Shipp, Pirate or Sea rover (not haveing at the least his double number of Gunns) without fighting, every such Master shall be lyeable to all and every the Penaltyes in this AQt contained.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That upon Processe made out of the High Court of Admiralty, It shall and may be lawfull to and for all Commanders of his Majestyes Shipps of Warr or the Commanders of any other English Shipps to seize such Shipps or Masters soe offending according to the said Processe in such case to be issued, and the same to bring or send in Custody into any Ports of His Majestyes Dominions there to be proceeded against according to the intent and meaning of this Act.

Provided That none be hereby encouraged to violate the Rights of the Ports of any Forreigne Prince or State in Amity with the Kings Majestie.

Incapacity.

Taking Command

afterward*,

Imprisonment.

In what Caae,where Good* or Ship* taken are released and Money given to the Matter, the Master liable to Repairs, and in what Proportion.

II.

The Master not to depart out of his

Ship.

III.

Not fighting when the Ship is under 200 Tuns and 16 Guns.

Penalty.

IV.

Such Ships not fighting, the Masters or Ships may be seized by Process out of Admiralty.

V.

Proviso for Ports of States in Amity.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if the Marriners or inferiour Officers of any English Shipp laden with goods and merchandices as aforesaid shall decline or refuse to fight and defend the Shipp when they shall be thereunto commanded by the Master or Commander thereof, or shall utter any words to discourage the other Marriners from defending the Shipp, That every Marriner who shall be found guilty of declineing or refuseing as aforesaid shall loose all his Wages due to him together with such goods as he hath in his Shipp, and suffer Imprisonment not exceeding the space of six monthes and shall dureing such time be kepte to hard labour for his or their maintenance.

VI. Mariners, &c. refusing to fight.

Penalty.

Punishment.

Provided alwayes That if any Shipp shall have beene yeilded as aforesaid contrary to the will and endeavour of the Master or Commander by the disobedience of the Marriners, testified by their haveing laid violent hands on him. That in such case the Master or Commander shall not be lyable to the Sentence of Incapacity as aforesaid, Nor to any Action for the Losses sustained by the Merchants unlesse he shall have received backe from the takers thereof his Shipp, or some Recompence Gift or Reward as aforesaid.

VII. Proviso where the Master is forced by his Men to yield.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Marriner who shall have laid violent hands on his Commander whereby to hinder him from fighting in defence of his Shipp and Goods committed to his Trust shall suffer death as a Felon.

VIII. Mariners hindering Master from fighting

Death.

And for the better encouragement to Captaines, Masters Officers and Seamen to defend their Shipp Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That when any English Shipp shall have beene defended by Fight and brought to her designed Port, in which Fight any of the Officers or Seamen shall have beene wounded It shall and may be lawfull to and for the Judge of his Majestyes High Court of Admiralty or his Surrogate or the Judge of the Vice-Admiralty, within which the Shipp shall arrive at her returne upon petition of the Master or Seamen of such Shipp soe defended as aforesaid to call unto him such and soe many as he shall be informed to be Adventurers or Owners of the Shipp and Goods soe defended, and by advice with them to raise and leavy upon the respective Owners and Adventurers by Processe out of the said Court such Summe or Suinmes of money as himselfe with the major part of the Adventurers or Owners then present shall judge reasonable not exceeding the value of two per Cent of the Shipp and Goods soe defended according to the first Cost of the Goods to be made appeare by the Envoice (which the Owner or his Factor or Correspondent is hereby required to produce)

DC.

Provision for Officers or Seamen wounded in Defence of Ship

4 the O.

8 X

22? & 23° Car. II. c. 11,12. A.D. 1670 & 1671

or by the Oath of the said Owner, Factor or Correspondent if thereunto required, which money soe raised shall be paid unto the Register of the said Court who shall receive for the same three pence in each pound and noe »ndChUdre*0? more, thence to be distributed amongst the Captaine, Master Officers and Seamen of the said Shipp or Widdowes

Mariners, &c« slain, and Children of the slaine according to the direction of the Judge of the said Court with the approbation of three or more of the Owners or Adventurers aforesaid who shall proportion the same according to their best Judgements unto the Shipps Company as aforesaid, haveing special! reguard unto the Widdowes and Children of such as shall [havel] [be*] slaine in that Service, and to such as shall have beene wounded or maimed.

X.

Prise Money as in Cases of Privateers.

And in case the Company belonging unto any English Merchant Shipp shall happen to take any Shipp, which Shipp shall first have assaulted them, the respective Officers and Marriners belonging to the same shall after condemnation of such Shipp and Goods have and receive to their owne proper use and benefitt such part and share thereof as is usually praftised in private Men of Warn

XI.

Officer or other Person wilfully destroying Ship.

Death.

And whereas it often happeneth that Masters and 'Marriners of Shipps haveing ensured or taken upon Bottomary greater summes of money then the value of their Adventure, doe wilfully cast away, bume, or otherwise destroy the Shipps under their Charge to the Merchants and Owners great losse. For the prevention thereof for the future Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Captaine, Master, Mariner or other Officer belonging to any Shipp shall wilfully cast away, bume or otherwise destroy the Shipp unto which he belongeth, or procure the same to be done he shall suffer death as a Felon.

XII. Encouragement given for building good Ships.

And for the better encouragement of building good and defensible Shipps Bee it enacted That all and every person or persons that shall within the space of seaven yeares from and after the first of May next ensueing, build or cause to be built within any of his Majestyes Dominions any Shipp or Vessell of three Decks with a Forecastle and Five Foote betweene each Decke mounted with thirty Pieces of Ordnance at least and other Ammunition proportionable shall for the first two Voyages which the said Shipp or Shipps make from his Majestyes Dominions to any Forreigne part have and receive to his and their owne proper use and benefitt One tenth part. And all persons that shall build any Ships of two Decks above three hundred Tunns and thirty Gunns shall have one twentyeth part of the Customs that shall be paid to his Majesty for all such Goods or Merchandices as shall be exported or imported on the said Shipp or Shipps, to and from this Kingdome. And the Commissioners and Officers of his Majestyes Customes are hereby impowered and required to pay the same to the Owner or Owners of the said Shipp or Shipps accordingly.

Rot. Parl. 22 & 23 C.JJ. p. 1. nu. 12.

Recital of a2C.IL c.8.

No Corn or Salt to be bought or sold by the Bag without measuring.

Penalty.

II.

Proof of duly buying and selling, &c. to lie upon the Defendant.

Penalty.

How to be disposed of.

III.

Where there is no Clerk of the Market, Mayors, Bailiffs, &c. to seal the Measures.

CHAPTER XH.

An Additionall Act for ascertaining the Measures of Corne and Salt.

WHEREAS notwithstanding there hath beene great care taken in a late Act entituled An Act for [the1] ascertaining the Measures of Come and Salt throughout the Realme. Yet the same is in great measure avoided by selling in private places aswell as in publique Markets by the Bagg, or without measureing by the Buyers shakeing of the Bushell before it be strooke, soe that those places who have given Obedience to the said Act are greatly prejudiced, and their Markets likely to be lost by such undue practices. For prevention whereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parly ament assembled and by authoritie of the same That every person or persons who shall from and after the five and twentyeth day of March next sell, or buy any Come ground or unground or Salt by the Bagg or without Measureing being thereunto required, or in any other manner then as is by the said Act directed, and that without shakeing the said Bushell or Measure by the Buyer, shall forfeite and lose beside the Penalty of the former Act appointed, all Come, Graine, or Salt bought or sold contrary to this Act, or the Value thereof to the person or persons complaining.

And whereas a great cause of the mischeife hereby intended to be prevented doth arise by the selling in

private places, and soe avoiding not onely the intention of the said Act, but to the great damage of publique

Markets Bee it further enacted That upon Complaint made to any one or more Justices of the Peace That any

kinde of Come ground or unground or Salt hath beene sold or bought or delivered contrary to this Act the

proofe shall lye upon the Defendant to make it appeare by the Oathes of one or more credible Witnesses That

he or they did sell or buy the same in every respect according to this and the said former Act. Wherein if

such person complained of shall faile, he or they shall forfeite and lose as is by this Act before directed to be

leavyed by Distresse and Sale of his or their Goods or Chattells restoreing the Overplus, by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of one or more Justices before whome he or they shall be soe convicted. Which Penalties by this Act appointed to be leavyed shall by the said Justice or Justices be distributed, one halfe to the Poore of the Parish where such Offence was committed and the other halfe to the Informer or Prosecutor.

And whereas in all places where Markets are holden there is not a Clerke of the Market to seale all Measures as by the former Act is directed Bee it therefore further enacted That in every such case it shall and may be lawfull for the Maior, Bayliffes or Head-Officer or other person or persons who hath the Benefit of such Market,

723

And they and every of them are hereby authorized and required to seale or cause to be sealed all Measures duely gauged, that shall be brought unto them for that purpose, which Sealeing shall be as effectuall in the Law to all intents and purposes as if such Measure had beene sealed by any Clerke of the Market, every such Maior, Bayliffe or Head-Officer takeing noe more for soe doeing then is by the said Act appointed.

[Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull for every person or persons Bodyes Politique or Corporate or any of them, to whome any Salt Rent corne or Tyth-Come is reserved or due by any Lease, Grant, Contract, Custome or Usage to receive and take all such Rent or other Dutyes of Salt and Corne as is, or shall be soe reserved or due, or the just and full value thereof in ready money according to the proportion and quantity and by the like measures, and in such manner as the same were due and paid before the begining of this Parlyament. Any thing herein or in any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.1 J

CHAPTER XIII.

An Act for exporting of Beere Ale and Mum.

FOR the advancement of Trade and encouragement of the Tillage and Manufacture of this Realme Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and Commons in Parlyament assembled and by authority of the same That from and after the six and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy one, it shall be lawfull for any person in any Sea-Port or upon any navigable River to export and shipp off as Merchandize, [within any of the usuall and allowed Ports by Law, and at the common Keyes for exportation and ladeing on board of Merchandize, or Keyes to be appointed for that purpose, and within the usuall Hours of Excise1] for accompte of himselfe or any other (to be exported into Forreigne Parts) in the presence of a swome Gauger or other sworne Officer to be appointed by the Farmers, Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of his Majestyes Excise upon notice thereof to them given at the Office of Excise within the limitts whereof the said Ale, Beere or Mum was brewed, of the respective Port or Place whence the same shall be shipped any sort of strong Ale, strong Beere or Mum to be spent beyond the Seas paying Custome for the same after the Rate of one shilling for every Tunn which shall be exported in any English or Forreigne Vessell and noe more or other Duty whatsoever, Which said Gauger or Officer aforesaid shall certifie the quantity of the said Beere, Ale or Mum shipt off, to the Comissioners and Officers of Excise where the Entry thereof shall be made, who are hereby required to make allowance, or repay the Excise of the Beere, Ale or Mum soe exported unto the Brewer thereof deducing one shilling per Tunn for the Charges of their Officers and noe more.

And bee it further enacted That if any Merchant or Master of any Shipp or Vessell or other person shall cause or suffer any of the said Liquors soe shipt in any Vessell as Merchandize to be unshipt unladen and laid on Land, or putt into any other Shipp or Vessell within the Kingdome of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, he shall forfeite the same and One hundred pounds of lawfull money of England more for every Caske he shall soe unduely land or putt [on board1] any Vessell to be recovered in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record by Information, Bill or Plaint, The one moyety of which Forfeiture shall be to the use of our Soveraigne Lord the King, the other moyety to the Informer and Prosecutor.

And to the intent [that5] his Majestyes Duty of Excise may not be prejudiced for such Beere Ale or Mum as shall be spent on Shipp board, his Majestyes Comissioners and Officers of the Customes are hereby required and enjoyned to charge every Master of any Shipp or Vessell in his Victualling Bill with soe much Beere, Ale or Mum and noe more as such number of men use to spend in such Voyages, the Excise whereof to be recovered according to the Lawes and Rules already established.

And bee it further enacted That the aforesaid Rate of One shilling the Tun for Beere, Ale and Mum to be exported as aforesaid shall be leavyed and paid under such Rules and Penaltyes, and for such time, and in such manner as by the Lawes of Tonnage and Poundage are ordained.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Mum imported from Forreigne Parts dureing the continuance of this Act, shall have any part of the Duty of Custome or Excise paid at the Importation thereof, repaid upon Exportation, Any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

This Act to continue in force for six yeares from the twenty sixth of June One thousand six hundred seaventy one, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament and noe longer.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* aboard 0.

5 O. omits.

IV.

Proviso for Rent-Corn, Tythe-Coro, and Salt, reserved by Lease, Arc.

Rot. Parl. 22 Ac 23 C.JJ'.p.2. nm, I.

Strong Ale, Strong Beer and Mum may be exported, paying Customs,

in the Presence of Officer, and on Notice to Commissioners, See.

The Rates of Custom.

Officer to certify Quantity shipped.

Allowance of Excise Duty.

II.

Unlading the same in any Puces but beyond Sea;

Penalty.

III.

Quantity of Beer, Arc. to be charged to Master of Snip in his Victualling Bill.

iy.

Duty to be levied as by Tounage and Poundage.

V.

No Duty to be repaid on Exportation of Foreign Mum.

VI.

Continuance of A A.

22° & 23° Car. II. c.14.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

Rot, Pari. 22 & 23 C.II. p. 2. mi. 2.

Reasons for passing

thisAa.

Differences about Houses within Bills of Mortality, demolished "by Fire, to be determined by the Judges under 19 C. II. c. 2. (18&X9C. II. c.7.) xaC. II. c. 11.

II.

Longer Time given to the said Judicature.

III.

The Time limited for receiving Complaints.

IV.

Lord Mayor, &c. when to dispose of Ground unbuilt.

V.

Leases of the Savoy Ground not exceeding 40 Years may be granted by the Master and Chaplains.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act for determination of Differences touching Houses burnt or demolished within sower yeares since the late

dreadfull Fire in London.

WHEREAS there were severall Houses and Buildings in the Citty of London and Burrough of Southwarke and other places within the Weekely Bill of Mortality consumed by Fire or otherwise demolished by reason thereof betweene the first day of October One thousand six hundred sixty and six, and the first day of October One thousand six hundred and seaventy. Which by reason of some differences and doubts ariseing therein the same are not likely to be rebuilt unlesse some course be taken for the decideing of such differences. For Remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authorkie of the same That the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas and the Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the time being or any three or more of them be, and are hereby authorized and impowered to heare and determine all such Cases, for all such Houses and Buildings as fully and amply and in like manner to all intents and purposes as they can or may heare and determine any other matter mentioned in one Act of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for erecting a Judicature for determination of Differences touching Houses burned or demolished by reason of the late Fire which happened in London, and in another Act of this present Parlyament intituled, An Additionall Act for rebuilding of the Citty of London, uniteing of Parishes and rebuilding of the Cathedrall and Parochiall Churches within the said Citty or in either of them; And that aO Decrees and Orders in such Cases to be made shall binde and be obeyed by all partyes therein concerned and shall be of like Effect and Force as any Orders [or *] Decrees made for any matter or thing in the said recited Acts or either of them mentioned.

And forasmuch as the Judicature by the said recited Acts appointed or either of them are to continue in force but untill the nine and twentyeth day of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and one, It is hereby further enacted and declared That the Judicature by the said recited Acts, and every Clause, Article and Thing therein mentioned or contained, relateing to the said Judicature, and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby, or by either of them given to the said Justices and Barons or any three or more of them shall stand and be continued and remaine in full force untill the nine and twentyeth day of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and two, Any clause, matter or thing in the said Acts or either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it enacted by the authorise aforesaid That the said Judges and Barons shall and may receive any Complaint [and*] Petition concerning any Differences or Demands by this, or the said recited Acts or either of them Teferred to the determination of the aforesaid Judicature, and proceede and determine the same soe as the said Complaints or Petitions be exhibited or depending before the said Judicature on or before the twenty ninth day of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and one. Any thing herein or any other Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby further enacted That the Maior, Aldermen, and Common Councell of the Citty of London shall not proceede to the Sale of any Ground or Soyle whereon any House was scituate at the time of the late dreadfull Fire for not building thereupon before the nine and twentyeth day of September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and two. Any thing in this or the afore recited Acts or either of them to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

And whereas the Brothers Lodgeings in the Savoy lately burnt downe are not by the Lawes and Statutes of this Land demiseable for any long terme of yeares, Bee it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the encouragement of the present rebuilding the same, it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Master and Chaplaines of the Savoy to demise the said Lodgeings for any terme not exceeding forty yeares under such yearely Rent or Rents as the Master and Chaplaines can reasonably procure without renewing any time for the same. Any Law, Statute or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 0 omits.

• or 0.

A.D. 16%0 ftf 16?1.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 15.

725

chapter XV.

An Act for the better Setlement of the Maintenance of the Parsons Vicars and Curates in the Parishes of the R#- Part* *tkt$

Citty of London burnt by the late dreadfull Fire there, C' *'

"VX THE RE AS the Tythes in the City of London were leavyed and paid with great Inequality and are since Reasons for pissing T V the late dreadfull Fire there in the rebuilding of the same by takeing away of some Houses, altering the Foundations of many and the [new1] erecting of others soe disordered that in case they should not for the time to come be reduced to a certainty many Controversies and Suits jof Law might thence arise Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authorise of the same That the Annuall certaine Tythes of all and every Parish and Parishes within the said Citty of London and the Libertyes thereof whose Churches have beene demolished, or in part consumed by the late Fire, and which said Parishes by vertue of an Act of this present Parlyament endtuled An Additional! Act for the rebuilding of the Citty of London, uniteing aaCir.ll, c. u, of Parishes and rebuilding of the Cathedrall and Parochiall Churches within the said Citty. remaine and continue single as heretofore they were or are by the said Act annexed or united into one Parish respectively, shall be as followeth (That is to say) The annuall certaine Tythes or Summe of Money in lieu of Tythes.

Of the Parish of Alhallowes [Lumber *] streete One hundred and ten pounds

Of Saint Bartholomew Exchange One hundred pounds. - - -

Of Saint Bridget alias Brides One hundred and twenty pounds. - ..

Of Saint Bennet Finck One hundred Pounds - -

Of Saint Michaell Crooked lane One hundred pounds -

Of Saint Christopher One hundred and twenty pounds -

Of Saint Dionis Back church One hundred and twenty pounds - -

Of Saint Dunstan in the East Two hundred pounds - ..

Of Saint James Garlicke hythe One hundred pounds - ...

Of Saint Michaell Cornhill One hundred and forty pounds -

Of Saint Michaell Bassishaw One hundred thirty and two pounds and eleaven shillings.

Of Saint Margaret Lothbury One hundred pounds - - -

Of Saint Mary Aldermanbury One hundred and fifty pounds - ..

Of Saint Martin Ludgate One hundred and sixty pounds. - -

Of Saint Peter Cornhill One hundred and ten pounds -

Of Saint Stephen Coleman streete One hundred and ten pounds ..

Of Saint Sepulchre Two hundred Pounds - ...

Of Allhallowes Bread streete and Saint John Evangelist One hundred and forty pounds Of Alhallowes the Great and Alhallowes the Lesse Two hundred pounds.

Of Saint Albanes Woodstreete and Saint Olaves Silver streete One hundred and seaventy pounds. Of Saint Anne and Agnes and [S*. *] John Zachary One hundred and forty pounds.

Of Saint Augustine and Saint Faith One hundred seaventy and two pounds.

Of Saint Andrew Wardrobe and Saint Anne Blacke Fryers One hundred and forty pounds.

Of Saint Antholin and Saint John Baptist One hundred and twenty pounds.

Of Saint Bennet Grace Church and Saint Leonard Eastcheape One hundred and forty pounds Of Saint Bennet Pauls-Wharfe and Saint Peter Pauls Wharfe One hundred pounds.

Of Christ Church and Saint Leonard Foster lane Two hundred pounds. -

Of Saint Edmond the King and Saint Nicholas [Acows3] One hundred and eighty pounds.

Of Saint George Buttolph lane and Saint Buttolph Billingsgate One hundred and eighty pounds. Of Saint Lawrence Jury and Saint Magdalen Milke streete One hundred and twenty pounds. -Of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New Fish streete One hundred and seaventy pounds.

Of Saint Michaell Royall and Saint Martin Vintry One hundred and forty pounds.

Of Saint Mathew Friday streete and Saint Peter Cheape One hundred and fifty pounds.

Of Saint Margaret Pattons and Saint Gabrieli Fen Church One hundred and twenty pounds. -

Of Saint Mary at Hill and Saint Andrew Hubbard Two hundred pounds

Of Saint Mary Woolnoth and Saint Mary Wool church One hundred and sixty pounds.

Of Saint Clement Eastcheape and Saint Martin Orgars One hundred and forty pounds.

Of Saint Mary Abchurch and Saint Lawrence Pountney One hundred and twenty pounds.

Of Saint Mary Aldermary and Saint Thomas Apostles One hundred and fifty pounds.

Of Saint Mary le Bow, Saint Pancras Soper lane and Alhallowes Honey lane Two hundred pounds. .......

Of Saint Mildred Poultrey and Saint Mary Cole Church One hundred and seaventy pounds. -Of Saint Michaell Woodstreete and Saint Mary Staining One hundred pounds.

Of Saint Mildred Bread streete and Saint Margaret Moses One hundred and thirty pounds.

Of Saint Michaell Queene hyth and Trinity One hundred and sixty pounds.

Of Saint Magdalen Old Fish streete and Saint Gregory One hundred and twenty pounds Of Saint Mary Somerset and Saint Mary Mounthaw One hundred and ten pounds

cx1

c1

cxx1 c' c1

cxx1 cxx1 cc1 c1 cxl1

cxxxij1 xj

c1

cl1

clx'

cx1

cx1

cc1

cxl'

cc1

clxx1

cxl'

clxxij'

cxl1

cxx'

cxl1

c1

cc1

clxxx1

clxxx1

cxx*

clxx1

cxl1

cl'

cxx 1

cc'

clx'

cxl'

cxx1

cl'

cc.1 clxx1 c1

cxxx1 clx* cxx 1 ex'

8 Y

22? & 23° Car. II. c. 15.

A.D. 1670 ST 1671.

The said Rate in lieu of Tithes to be paid to Parsons and their Successors.

II.

Who to make the Assessments, and when.

Assessments to be made upon Houses, Shops, Ground unbuilt on, &c.

Proviso for Parsonage Houses, &c.

III.

Variance arising upon the Assessments to be determined by Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen.

IV.

A Review, if Occasion be, of any Assessment within Three Months.

V.

If the Persons appointed by this Act refuse to act, then others to be chosen by the Lord Mayor, &c.

VI.

Three Transcripts of Assessments to be made and subscribed by Assessors;

One to be returned to Lord Mayor, another to Bishop of London’s Registry, the other to remain in the Vestry.

Of Saint Nicholas Cole Abbey and Saint Nicholas Olaves One hundred and thirty pounds. Of Saint Olave Jury and Saint Martin Ironmonger-lane One hundred and twenty pounds Of Saint Stephen Walbrooke and Saint Bennet Sheerehog One hundred pounds Of Saint Swithin and Saint Mary Bothaw One hundred and forty pounds.

Of Saint Vedast alias Fosters and Saint Michaell Queme One hundred and sixty pounds

cxxx1 exx1 c.1 cxi1 clx 1

Which respective Summes of Money to be paid in liew of Tythes within the said respective Parishes and assessed as herein after is dir eft ed shall be and continue to be esteemed deemed and taken to all intents and purposes to be the respective certaine Annuall Maintenance (over and above Glebes and Perquisites Gifts and Bequests to the respective Parson Vicar and Curate of any Parish for the time being, or to his or their respective Successors or to other persons for his or their use) of the said respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates, who shall be legally instituted, indufted and admitted into the respective Parishes aforesaid.

And that the said severall Summes of Money for Tythes may be more equally assessed upon the ^everall

Houses Buildings and all other Hereditaments whatsoever within all the said respective Parishes Bee ft enacted

by the authoritie aforesaid That the Alderman of such respective Ward or Wards within the said Citty, wherein

any of the said Parishes respectively lye, and his or their Deputy or Deputyes, and the Comon councell men of

such respective Ward or Wards with the Churchwardens and one or more [of the',] Parishioners of such respective Parish wherein the Maintenance aforesaid is respectively to be assessed, to be nominated by such respective Aldermen, Deputy, Common councell men and Churchwardens or any five of them, whereof the Alderman or his Deputy to be one, shall at some convenient and seasonable time before the twentyeth day of May in the yeare of our Lord [God1] One thousand six hundred and seaventy one, assemble and meete together [at*] some convenient place within every of the respective Parishes in such respective Ward wherein the Maintenance aforesaid is to be assessed, And they or the major part of them soe assembled shall proportionably assesse upon all Houses Shopps, Warehouses and Cellars, Wharfes, Keyes, Cranes, Waterhouses (which Waterhouses shall pay in their respective Parishes where they stand and not elsewhere) and Tofts of Ground (remaining unbuilt) and all other Hereditaments whatsoever (except Parsonage and Vicarage Houses) the whole respective Summe by this Act appointed, or soe much of it as is more then what each Impropriator is by this*Act enjoyned respectively to allow, in the most equall way that the said Assessors according to the best of their Judgements can make it; which said Assessments shall be made and finished before the sower and twentyeth day of July then next ensueing.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any variance or doubt shall happen to arise about any Summe soe assessed as aforesaid, or that any Parishioner or Parishioners or Owner or Owners of any House, Shopp, Warehouse or Cellar, Wharfe, Key, Crane, Waterhouse, Toft of Ground or other Hereditament within any of the said Parishes shall finde himselfe or themselves agreived by the assessing of any Summe or Summes of money in manner and forme aforesaid That then upon complaint made by the party or partyes agreived to the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen of the said Citty, within fowerteene dayes after notice given to the party or partyes assessed of such Assesment made, the said Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen summoning aswell the party or partyes agreived, as the Alderman and such others as made the said Assesment shall heare and determine the same in a summary way, and the Judgement by them given shall be finall and without Appeale.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That any Assesment or Rate to be made or laid by vertue of this Act

shall or may in all or any the Parishes aforesaid in like manner be reveiwed or altred or laid againe within three

Moneths after the twenty fowerth day of June One thousand six hundred and seaventy sower according to the aforesaid Rules and any such Assesment or Rate shall or may be againe reviewed or reassesed within three Moneths after the twenty fourth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty one, And that all and every such new Assesment and Rate shall be lyable to the like Appeals as aforesaid, and shall be collected

leavyed and paid as any other Assesment or Rate mentioned in this Act may or ought to be.1]

And if the said Alderman, Deputy, Common councell men and Parishioner or Parishioners soe appointed as aforesaid shall after summons and requests made in that behalfe unto them by the Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen, or the Incumbent or Incumbents of any the said respective Parish or Parishes refuse and negcleft to meete and make such Assesment as aforesaid then it shall and may be lawfull to and for such person or persons as shall be thereunto authorized and required by the said Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen to make such Assesment as by the said Aldermen Deputy Common Councell-men Churchwardens, Parishioner or Parishioners aforesaid should or ought to have beene made.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Assessors within ten dayes after such Assesments made, and the respective Appeales (if any be) determined shall make three Transcripts thereof in Parchment containing the respective Summes to be payable or appointed to be paid out of all and every the Premisses within such respective Parish and subscribe the same under their Hands and within twenty dayes after such Subscription as aforesaid, one of the said Transcripts shall be returned to the Lord Maior of the Citty of London to be kept and preserved by the said Lord Maior in and among the Records of the said Citty for a perpetuall memoriall thereof; And another of the said Transcripts shall be returned into the Registry of the Lord Bishop of London to be kept and preserved as aforesaid, And the other of the said Transcripts shall remaine and be kept in the Vestry of such respective [Parish1] for a perpetuall memoriall as aforesaid.

A.D. 1670 »1671.

22° & 23° Car. II. c.l5.

727

And for the surer and better payment of the said respective Summes of Money soe to be assessed and taxed towards the raiseing of the said Maintenance of the respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates of the said respective Parishes as aforesaid Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every such respective Summe and Summes of Money soe to be assessed and taxed as aforesaid towards the raiseing of the said Maintenance of the said respective Parsons Vicars and Curates of the said respective Parishes shall be paid to the said respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates and their Successors respectively at the sower most usuall Feasts (that is to say) at the Annunciation of the Blfessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, the Feast of Saint Michaell the Arch Angell and the Nativity of our Blessed Saviour, or within fowerteene dayes after each of the Feasts aforesaid by equal 1 payments; the respective payments thereof to beginne and commence onely from such time and times as the Incumbent or Incumbents of such respective Parish shall beginne to officiate or preach as Incumbent or Parson in the respective Church belonging to such respective Parish, or in some other convenient place or places in such respective Parish or Parishes to be nominated or appointed by the Lord Bishop of London for the time being, or by the Archbishop of Canterbury in any place within his peculiars.

And in any Parish or Parishes where any Impropriations be Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every the Impropriator or Impropriators of any of the said Parishes shall pay and allow what really and bona fide they have used and ought to pay and satisfye to the respective Incumbent of such respective Parish at any time before the said late Fire, and the same shall be esteemed and computed as part of the maintenance of such Incumbent, notwithstanding this Act or any Clause or Matter or thing therein contained.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any the Inhabitants in any the respective Parish or Parishes as aforesaid shall or doe refuse or negcled to pay to the respective Incumbents aforesaid of any of the said respective Parishes any Summe or Summes of Moneys to him respectively payable or appointed to be paid by this Act or any part thereof contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act (being lawfully demanded at the House or Houses, Wharfe, Key, Crane, Cellar or other jpmisses whereout the same is payable) that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Lord Maior of the Citty of London for the time being upon Oath to be made before him of such refusall or negcled to give and grant out Warrants for the Officer or person appointed to collect the same with the assistance of a Constable in the day time to leavy the same Tythes or Summes of Money soe due, and in arreare and unpaid, by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the party or partyes soe refuseing or negcleding to pay, restoreing to the Owner or Owners the Overplus of such Goods over and above the said Arreares of the said Moneys soe due and unpaid, and the reasonable [Charge*] of makeing such Distresse, which he is to dedud out of the Moneys raised by Sale of such Goods.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That in case the Lord Maior or Court of Aldermen shall refuse or negcled to execute any of the respective powers to them by this Act granted, or to performe all and every such thing relateing either to the assessing or leavying of the respective Summes aforesaid as they are by this Act authorized and required to performe, That then it shall and may be lawfull for the Lord Chauncellour or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England [for the time being1] or any two or more of the Barons of his Majestyes Court of Exchequer by Warrant or Warrants under his or their respective Hands and Seales to doe and performe what the said Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen according to the true intent and meaning of this present Act might or ought to have done, and by such Warrant either to impower any person or persons to make the respective Assesments as aforesaid, or to authorize the respective Officers or persons appointed to collect the Summes aforesaid to leavy the same by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of any person or persons that shall refuse or negcled to pay the same in manner and forme aforesaid.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That where any of the Parishes within the said Citty have since the late Fire by Death or otherwise become vacant, the surviveing or remaining Incumbent of (3) the other Parish thereto united, or therewith consolidated shall have and enjoy, and have like remedy to recover the Tythes hereby setled to be paid as if he had beene actually presented, admitted, instituted and inducted into both the said Parishes since the Union and Consolidation thereof.

Provided alwayes That noe Court or Judge Ecclesiasticall or Temporal! shall hold Plea of, or for any the Summe or Summes of Money due and oweing, or to be paid by vertue of this Act or any part thereof other then the persons hereby authorized to have Cognizance thereof. Nor shall it be lawfull to or for any Parson, Vicar, Curate or Incumbent to convent or sue any person or persons assessed as aforesaid, and refuseing or negcleding to pay the same in any Court or Courts or before any Judgojor Judges other then what are authorized and appointed by this Act for the heareing and determineing of the same in manner aforesaid.

Provided alwayes That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Warden and Minor Canons of Saint Pauls Church London, Parson and Proprietors of the Redory of Saint Gregory aforesaid to receive and enjoy all Tythes, Oblations and Dutyes ariseing or growing due within the said Parish in as large and beneficiall manner as formerly they have, or lawfully might have done. Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Assessments to be paid Quarterly to rarson.

Payment to commence from Incumbent

VIII. Impropriator* to make the same Allowance* they did before the Fire.

IX.

Inhabitant* refuting Payment,

being lawfully demanded at the House, Sec.

Lord Mayor* may grant Warrant to levy the same by Distress.

X.

If Lord Mayor refute, &c. to execute this Act, Lord Chancellor or Keeper or Two Barons of the Exchequer may, by Warrants under their Hands and Seals, appoint Officers, Sec. to levy by Distress, See,

XL Proviso for Incumbent* of united Parishes.

XII.

No Court to hold Plea for any Duty arising upon this Act, other than herein mentioned.

XIII. Proviso for Minor Canons of St. Pauls, Parson of St. Gregory's Church, as to Tithes, dec.

1 charges O.

9 interlined on the Roll.

»of 0.

728

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 16.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

Roi. Pari. 12 & 23 C. II. p. 2. fill. 4.

Recital of Contribution under Proclamations,

6th July, 17 C. II. 13th Sept. 18 C. II. and 26thSept.1668, and that a mat Part of the Money so contributed had been misemployed.

All Monies received upon Chanty for the Poor of London to be paid into the Chamber before 1st Nov. 1671.

If the Receivers are dead, their Executors or Administrators to pay it.

Penalty.

XL

All Bishops, &c. in Visitations to give it in charge to Churchwardens, &c. to present the Names of Persons detaining Money.

III.

So Justices of Assize, &c. to Grand Juries.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Act for the discovery of such as have defrauded the Poore of the Citty of London, of the Moneys given for their Releife at the times of the late Plague and Fire, and for recovery of the Arreares thereof.

IN most humble manner shew unto your most Excellent Majestie the Lord Maior, Aldermen and Comons of the Citty of London in Common Councell assembled That in the late dreadfull Calamities of the Plague and Fire happening in your Majestyes Citty of London and Libertyes thereof and other parts of this Kingdome diverse well disposed persons aswell within your Majestyes Dominions as in other parts beyond the Seas were pleased to contribute their Charity towards the Releife of the Poore visited and Sufferers thereby and most were excited by your Majestyes

gracious Proclamations to doe the same, [the one beareing Date the sixth day of July in the seaventeenth yeareof

your Majestyes Raigne, another beareing Date the thirteenth day of September in the eighteenth yeare of your Majestyes Raigne, The other beareing Date the twenty sixth day of September One thousand six hundred sixty eight.1] But a great part thereof hath beene misimployed, concealed, or in an unchristianlike manner detained, or at leastwise never came to the uses intended, by meanes whereof many thousands of the said Poore for want of that Releife, remaine in great extremity and are likely to perish. For remedy and recovery thereof may it please your

Majesty that it may be enacted, And be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty by and with the advice

and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authorise thereof That all and every person and persons who have received any of the Moneys collected for the uses, intents or purposes aforesaid or any of them, or in pursuance of any of the said Proclamations for those purposes made, and have not hitherto paid the same according to the directions of the said Proclamations respectively, that then such person or persons in case they are now liveing, and in case they are dead, then the Executors or Administrators of such persons haveing Assets wherewith to pay the same shall pay the same before the first day of November which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred seaventy one to the Chamberlaine of the Citty of London for the time being at his Office in the Guildhall London, or to such person or persons as he shall depute or give authority unto for the receipte thereof within the severall Countyes wherein any Money is behinde and unpaid, upon paine of forfeiture and payment of twenty shillings for every twenty shillings soe unpaid or detained, and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser Summe besides the Money soe unpaid or detained.

And for the better discovery of the Offenders in detaining the said Moneyes all Arch-bishops, Bishops, Arch Deacons, Deanes and Officialls in their Visitations shall give it in charge to all Ministers Churchwardens and Sidesmen that they present the Names of all such persons as they know or beleive doe detaine any of the said Moneyes and the Summe soe detained by them, And further that upon request made unto them by the said Chamberlaine of the Citty of London, or his Attourneys or Agents or any of them, by causeing search to be made into their Registryes and other Offices, and by other expedient meanes they shall contribute their assistance to the discovery of such persons and Offenders as may justly be suspected to have or detaine any such Moneys.

And likewise that all Judges and Justices of Assizes and Generali Goale delivery, and all Justices of Peace in their Quarter Sessions shall in open Court give in charge [to1] the Grand Juryes to enquire of, and present such Offenders.

IV.

Justices of Peace may grant Warrants for taking Parties;

and upon their Appearance may bind them to appear at the next Quarter Sessions, or may commit them on refusal to be bound.

Quarter Sessions may proceed summarily.

If Money not paid to Chamberlain pursuant to Order;

Committal,

or Distress.

And that upon complaint made to any Justice of Peace in any County Citty or Towne Corporate by the Chamberlaine of the Citty of London or his Attourneys, Sollicitors, Receivers Agents or any of them, made or appointed by him, by any Writeing under his Hand and Seale for prosecuteing the Recovery or for recovering the said Moneys or any of them against any person or persons for their unjust detaining of any Moneys collected for the uses aforesaid or any of them, that then such Justice of Peace shall grant his Warrant against such persons soe complained of for the bringing of them before him, and upon their appearance before him if it shall seeme probable to the said Justice upon examineing of the matter, and evidence given by any witnesse upon Oath, which the said Justice may administer, or other evidence, that the person complained of doth unjustly detaine any Moneys collected, or appointed for the uses aforesaid or any of them, then such Justice shall by sufficient Recognizance binde him to appeare at the next Generali Quarter Sessions to answere the matter complained of, and to observe and abide such Order touching the same as the Justices shall then make, and upon his refusal! soe to be bound to committ to the Goale, there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize untill he shall become bound by such Recognizance, And at the said Quarter Sessions whether he shall there appeare or make default, yet the Justices then shall summarily proceede to the Examination of the matter complained of And if upon Oath of one or more Witnesse or Witnesses or any other Evidence the Court shall be satisfied that he doth unjustly detaine any such Moneys, the Court shall adjudge and order the payment of the same presently, together with the penalty hereby appointed for not paying thereof, and such costs for the prosecution of the same as the Court shall thinke fitt, And if he shall not presently pay the same accordingly to the said Chamberlaine of London or his Attourneys or Agents or some of them shall committ him to the Goale if he be there present there to remaine without Baile or Mainprize untill he shall observe the said Order of Sessions, And if he shall be absent that then they shall grant their Warrant for the apprehending and committing of him to the Gaole there to remaine untill he shall pay the Money soe ordered, And that if he cannot be taken then for the destraining of his Goods or Chattells and sale of the same rendering the Overplus whereby the Moneys soe ordered may be answered and

A.D. 1670 ® 1671- 22" & 23" Cab. II. c. 16, 17.

729

paid. And [that1] the definitive Order of the said Justices shall be finall, as touching the matters complained of or contained in such Order, from which there shall be noe Appeale or Review, nor shall any Writt of Error or Certiorari lye for the Removall or Reversall of the same, nor shall the same be any wayes impeached.

And bee it further hereby enacted That the Receivers or Agents for the Chamberlaine of the Citty of London shall within two Monethes after the Receipt of any such Moneys pay or cause the same to be transmitted and paid to him the said Chamberlaine, and that distinct Accompts according to the severall Diocesses and Countyes shall be made and kepte by him of all such Moneyes as he shall hereafter receive in reference to the Sufferers by the Fire, and of such as he shall receive in reference to the Plague.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That each Bishop of the Severall Diocesses which were visited by the Plague in the yeares One thousand six hundred sixty five. One thousand si* hundred sixty six or One thousand si* hundred sixty seaven shall within six Moneths after the end of this Session of Parlyament by Certificate under his Hand and Seale deliver or cause to be delivered unto the Lord Bishop of London and the Chamberlaine of the Citty of London to be entred in a Register of his Office a particular Accompt of such Summes of Money as have beene lent or taken out of the publique [Stocke*] of any and every Citty, Towne Corporate and places adjacent to them respectively, or borrowed of any person or persons for the Releife of the Poore soe infected with the Plague within any Citty or Towne corporate or the places adjacent to them in his Diocesse, and perticularly from whence they were soe taken, and by whome lent, And that the Moneys soe certifyed to be taken out of Publique Stockes, or lent as aforesaid shall by Order of the Lord Bishop of London to the said Chamberlaine of London be by him repaid in the first place out of the Moneys which shall hereafter be received in reference to the Plague, in case the Monies soe received out or from such Diocesse [which was'] soe infected shall suffice for repayment thereof without any respect or consideration had to the charge in getting or bringing in the same. And if there shall not be sufficient for such repayment each Summe soe lent by any person, or taken out of such Publique Stocke shall suffer and abate proportionably, And that the payment of such Moneys by Order as aforesaid shall be made to the Bishop, or Deputy of the Bishop of every such Diocesse respectively to be forthwith repaid to every Citty, Towne Corporate or person according to the intent of this Act, And if there shall be any Surplusage left, that then the same, as alsoe all other moneys which shall hereafter be soe received by the said Chamberlaine of London in reference to the said Plague or Fire, the necessary Charges in getting and bringing in of the same being first dedu&ed and abated shall by the Order and Advice of the Lord Bishop of London and Lord Maior of London be paid by the said Chamberlaine for reimburseing the said Citty of London all such moneys as were by them disbursed, taken or borrowed out of their Publique Stocke for the Releife of the Sufferers by the said Fire or Plague in London or the Suburbs thereof, the residue (if any be) to goe for and towards the releife of the Poore of the said Citty Sufferers by the said Fire.

Provided, and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That nothing in this Act contained shall be any way prejudicial! or hurtfull to the Jurisdiction or Power of the Ordinary or any other Jurisdiction whatsoever, and that this Act as to the recovery of any moneys herein mentioned or intended shall continue and be in force untill the first day of November which shall be in the yeare One thousand six hundred seaventy sower and noe longer.

And lastly it is hereby enacted That if any Action or Suite shall be brought against any person for any matter or thing done or executed by vertue of this Act, that then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants may pleade the generall Issue, Not guilty, and give this Act and the speciall matter in Evidence at any Tryall therupon to be had, and if a Verdict shall passe for the Defendant, or the Plaintiffe shall be Non suite, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant hath appeared, the Defendant shall recover double Costs to be awarded for his or their wrongfull vexation in that behalfe.

Order of Session? to be final.

V.

Dislin& Accounts to be kept by Chamberlain.

VI.

Bishops of Dioceses visited by the Plague in 1665, 1666, 1667, to certify to Bishop and Chamberlain of London what Money hath been expended out of Public Stocks, or borrowed, towards the Support of Persons sick of the Plague within their Dioceses.

How such Monies to be repaid.

To whom to be paid.

How the Suiplus to be disposed of.

VU. Proviso for Ordinaries Jurisdiction. Continuance of Act as to Recovery of Monies.

VIII.

In Actions for executing A&, General Issue.

Double Costs.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Act for the better paveing and cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the Citty of London.

XYTUEREAS by a late Act of this present Parlyament entituled An Act for rebuilding the Citty of London, vv It is enacted (amongst other things) that the numbers and places for all Common Sewers, Draines and Vaults, and the order and manner of paveing and pitching the Streets and Lanes within the said Citty and Libertyes thereof shall be designed and sett out 'by such and soe many persons as the said Maior Aldermen and Commonalty in Common Councell assembled shall from time to time authorize and appoint under their Common Seale or the more part of them. Which said persons soe authorized and appointed or any seaven or more of them together with the said Surveyours or some or one of them within his or their Predn&s repe&ively shall at their Meeting have power and authority to order and direct the makeing of any new Vaults Draines and Sewers, or to cutt into any Draine or Sewer already made, and for the altering enlargeing amending cleansing and scowring of any old Vaults, Sinks or Common Sewers. For the better effecting whereof it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said persons soe authorized and appointed as aforesaid or any seaven or more of them [at theire said Meeting1] to impose any reasonable Taxe upon all Houses [with ']in the said Citty and Liberties thereof

Roi Pari. 22 & 23 C.II. p. 3. au. 5.

Recital of 18 k 19 c. II. c.8. (18. (19C.II.C.3. §20.)

The Persons authorized by the said Act may impose a Tax upon Houses for making Vaults, iVc.

8 2

730

22° & 23" Cab. II. c. 17. A.D. 1670 tf 1671.

and may lcry by Distreu.

The laid Clause made perpetual.

No other Commissioners or Persons to intermeddle.

II.

The sole Power of Paring, &c. to be in the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens.

III.

P%viora,Scarengers, &c. required to observe their Directions.

IV.

Offending against tins Ad;

Penalty.

V.

Persons authorized by 18 & 19 C. II. c. 8.

(19c.11. c.3.)

may impose a reasonable Tax on Wards and Frecin&s, and direct Precepts to Deputies, See. to assess and levy the same.

Ground unbuilt on, empty Houses, &c. liable.

VI.

In what Case Churchwardens to pay for a Church, or Churchyard.

in proportion to the benefit they shall receive thereby, for and towards the new makeing, cutting, altering enlargeing [amending1] cleanseing and scowring all and singular the said Vaults Draines Sewers Pavements and Pitching aforesaid. And in defaulte of payment of the said Summes soe to be charged it shall and may be lawful! to and for the said persons soe authorized as aforesaid or any seaven or more of them by Order and Warrant under their Hands and Seales to leavy the said Summe and Summes of Money soe assessed, by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the party chargeable therewith, and refuseing or neglecting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be) and that all other Commissers whatsoever be altogether suspended to intermedle in the Premisses within the said Citty and Libertyes thereof for the space of seaven yeares next, and for soe long after untill the said intended Buildings shall be fully finished. Any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Bee it enacted and declared by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporail and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authorise of the same That the said Clause or Branch of the said Act herein before recited shall remaine and continue in force, and be made perpetuall, and the powers and authorities thereby given and appointed to be executed by such persons as shall in that behalfe be authorized and appointed by the said Maior Aldermen and Commons in Common Councell assembled according to the *tenoure thereof [under theire Cdmon Seale1] or any seaven or more of them shall and may from time to time for ever hereafter be putt in execution according to the purport and effect of the aforesaid Act; and that noe other Comissers or any other persons whatsoever shall at any time hereafter intermedle in the Premisses within the said Citty or Liberties thereof. Any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

And to the end that for the future all Irregularities in Paveing and Pitching of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said City and Liberties thereof and the frequent defaults of cleansing the same may be prevented and remedied Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from henceforth the sole power and authority of ordering designeing and regulating aswell the cleansing and keepeing cleane all the Streets Lanes and Passages whatsoever within the said Citty and Liberties, and the pitching and paveing with the order and manner thereof and for makeing and cleansing Draines and.Sewers shall be and remaine in the Maior Commonalty and Citizens of the said Citty to be managed, executed and done by such persons as by the said Maior Aldermen and Commons in Common Councell assembled shall be thereunto authorized and appointed or by any seaven or more of them (being all Members of the said Court) and noe other persons whatsoever, and in such sort and manner as from time to time shall by them be found most convenient for the publique benefitt of the Inhabitant^ of the said Citty in generall.

And all Paviers Scavengers, Carters Labourers and Lightermen and all other persons that have beene heretofore or [that1] may hereafter be imployed in any of the workes belonging to the Draines or Sewers, pitching, paveing or cleansing of the Streets, Lanes or Passages within the said Citty or Liberties thereof are hereby enjoyned and required duely and constantly to obey, observe and execute all such Orders Rules and Directions as shall be from time to time appointed or prescribed by the persons in that behalfe to be authorized or any seaven or more of them.

And that the party es therein offending contrary to this present A d shall and may be proceeded against, and thereof convicted by Indictment at the next Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Citty and Libertyes thereof, according to his or their severall Offences, unlesse they shall submitt to the Judgement and Censure of the persons soe to be authorized and appointed as aforesaid or any seaven or more of them, and shall satisfye and pay such mulct or penalty as by them shall be sett and imposed for such Offence into the Chamber of the Citty of London, to be imployed for and towards the Workes in this Act mentioned. Any Law, Statute, Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for the better enabling the said Maior, Commonalty and Citizens to effect and performe all and singular the Workes in and by this [present *] Ad mentioned and appointed to be done, and for the defraying the Charge thereof it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said persons soe to be authorized and appointed as aforesaid, or any seaven or more of them at their publique meetings from time to time as oft as neede shall be, or require, to impose any reasonable Taxe or Assesment upon the severall Wards and Prednds thereof within the said Citty and Libertyes, and to direct Precepts or Warrants under their Hands and Seales or of any seaven or more of them unto the respective Deputies and Common councell men of the said severall Wards thereby requireing them to rate and assesse the said Taxes and Assessments in manner hereafter following, And alsoe to direct like Precepts or Warrants to such and soe many of the Scavengers within the respective Wards as they shall thinke fitt thereby requireing them to collect and leavy the moneys soe assessed, upon receipt whereof the said Deputyes and Common councell men thereunto appointed are hereby required to make an Assesment and Distribution of the proportion charged upon their respective Wards and Prednds thereof as aforesaid, aswell upon the Tennants and Occupiers of Houses, Shopps or other Tenements or Hereditaments, as upon the Owners or others interested of or in such Houses, Tofts of Ground unbuilt, and other Hereditaments whereof there shall be noe present Occupier.

And where any Church or Church yard shall be fronting or adjoyning to any of the said Streets Lanes or Passages to rate and assesse a reasonable proportion thereof upon the Parish thereunto belonging, the same to be paid by the Church Wardens of every such Parish for the time being, who are hereby required to pay the

.2X1670^1671.

22° & 23° Cab. II. c. 17.

731

same accordingly in the behalfe of the said Parish; Of which Assesments the said Deputyes and Common councell men shall returne Duplicates in writeing together with the Names of the Scavenger* to be appointed for the collection thereof within twenty dayes next after the receipt of such Precept or Warrant respectively; and in case of their negcleft or default in rateing or assessing the same, or in returning such Duplicate* of their Assesments 'within the time limitted as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said persons soe to be authorized and appointed or any seaven or more of them to rate and assesse the respective Taxes and Assessments within the severall Wards and Precincts where such defaults shall be, upon the respective Inhabitants and others in manner as aforesaid, all which Summe and Summes of money soe to be rated and assessed in pursuance of this Act shall from time to time be collected and leavyed by the Scavengers to be appointed for the collecting thereof as aforesaid, who are hereby authorized and required to coiled and leavy the same accordingly; And in default of payment of the Summes to be charged and assessed as aforesaid or any part thereof by the space of six dayes after demand thereof, it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Scavengers to be appointed for the collecting and leavying thereof as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required thereunto to leavy all such Summe and Summes of money soe assessed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the parties refuseing or neglecting to pay the same, rendering the Overplus, if any shall be, besides the reasonable Charge of takeing such Distresse to die party and partyes soe distrained.

All which summe and summes of money from time to time hereafter to be collected and leavye(r by vertue of this present Act shall be paid into the Chamber of the Citty of London by the said Scavengers who shall collect the same respectively, where Bookes of Accompts shall be kepte of the Receipt thereof by the Chamberlaine of the said Citty of London for the time being, And noe moneys shall be issued thereout otherwise then by Order or Warrant under the Hands of the said persons soe to be appointed and authorized as aforesaid or any seaven or more of them for the uses and purposes in and by this Act mentioned and appointed.

And it is hereby further enacted That where any Citizen or Inhabitant within the said Citty or Libertyes thereof shall finde himselfe agreived through the defect or decay of the Pavements in any of the said Streets, Lanes or Passages within the said Citty or Liberties thereof or for want of due cleansing thereof, the same being made appeare to the persons soe to be authorized and appointed by the said Maior, Aldermen and Commons as ^aforesaid or any seaven or more of them at their publique Meeting, And upon due proofe made that such grievance is unreformed, that then and in such case the person and persons complaining shall forthwith receive the order and directions of the said persons soe authorized and appointed or any seaven or more of them for redressing thereof, together with a Warrant under their Hands and Seales directed to the Chamberlaine of the Citty of London for the time being to issue out moneys for defraying the Charge thereof, together with any Summe of money not exceeding ten shillings for incburagement of his or their Diligence therein, who upon Receipt of such Warrant shall pay the same accordingly.

And bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Maior Aldermen and Commons in Common Councell assembled to appoint, sett out and purchase for the publique Use and Benefitt of the said Citty of London in places convenient and where the same may be least Annoyance such and soe many pieces, or parcells of Ground for Laystalls, and places for publique Stores as they shall adjudge necessary and convenient for the Receipt of the Soyle, Dirt and Rubbish, which shall be removed and carryed out of the said Citty and Libertyes thereof, as for other Materialls and Commodities.

And that all such pieces of Ground for Laystalls and places for publique Stores, as by them shall be purchased as aforesaid shall be satisfyed and paid for out of the moneys raised or hereafter to be raised by the Imposition upon Coales appointed for publique Uses of the said Citty by vertue of the said Act for rebuilding the City, and of another Act entituled An Additionall Act for rebuilding of the City of London, Uniteing of Parishes and rebuilding of the Cathedral! and Parochiall Churches within the said City, (other then the money appointed for building of the Cathedrall Church of Saint Pauls, and other Churches within the said City and reserveing sufficient to satisfy such persons whose Grounds have beene taken from them) or either of them. Any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And in case that any person or persons shall finde him or themselves agreaved by reason of any Taxe Assesment or other Charge to be imposed by vertue or colour of this present A&, that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the party or parties soe agrieved within five dayes after demand thereof to appeale to the Maior and Court of Aldermen of the said City for the time being for Redresse therein, whose Order in that behalfe shall be finall.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That noe person or persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate who by this Act are made lieable to be rated or assessed towards the publique Charge of altering, enlaigeing, amending or cleanseing of the said Vaults or Sewers, or of cleansing, pitching or paveing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys and other common Passages within the said City and Liberties thereof, for, or in respect of any Houses Tofts or other Hereditaments shall from and after the first day of May One thousand six hundred seaventy one be otherwise charged therewith, or lyable thereunto, or to be troubled molested or prosecuted for or in respect thereof. Any other Law, Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duplicates in Writing of Assessments to be returned, together with Scavengers' Names, who are to collect.

In default of rating. Proceedings.

In Default of Payment, Proceedings after Six Days;

Distress.

VII.

The Tax to be paid into the Chamber of London, and no Money issued without Warrant.

VIII.

In case of defied of Paving;

Proceedings.

Reward to Informer.

IX.

LaystalU, &c. to be provided for receiving the Dirt, &c.

X.

Ground for Laystalls, See. to be purchased with Monies arising from Imposition on Coals, under i8& 19 C. II. c.8. 134. (19C.II.C.3. $36.) &32C.II.C.11.338.

XI.

Appeal.

XII

Persons liable to Charge of altering or cleansing any Lanes, Sewers, &c, not to be farther chargeable.

v^-

22? & 23° Car. II. c. 18.

A.D. 1670&1671*

Hoi. Pari. as & 35 C./I. p. a. «*. 6.

14 (13&14) C.I1. c.ia.

To whom the Money, when collected, to he paid.

Officers of Corporation to account Quarterly.

No further Monies raised till Account giren.

II,

Accounts made according to the said Act confirmed.

Monies unaccounted for to be accounted for as by the said Act.

HI.

Debts owing by Coiporations to be paid by Treasurers.

IV.

The Tax not to exceed One-fourth of the Poors Rate.

When to be paid.

V.

No Assessments after 39th Sept. 1675.

VI.

Proviso for Powers of former Act as to London, and St. Margarets Westminster.

CHAPTER XVm.

An Act for the better regulateing of Workehouses for setting the Poore on Worke.

FOR the more effectuall putting in Execution of an Act of Parlyament made in the fowerteenth yeare of your Majesty es Raigne entituled, An Act for the better Releife of the Poore of this Kingdome. And to the end that the Poore of the severall Parishes within the City and Liberties of Westminster and other Parishes within die County of Midlesex mentioned within the weekely Bill of Mortality, may for the future be duely provided for according to the intent and meaneing of the said Act, May it please your most excellent Majesty thar it may be enacted, and bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal! and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoride of the [That all moneys assessed or ordered to be assessed upon any person in pursuance of the said Act since the sint day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and five shall be collected and paid in to the Treasurers of the respective Corporations by or before the nine and twentyeth day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and one. And all moneys already collected by authority of the said Act shall be paid into the said Treasurers by or before the first day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy & one. And1] that the Officers of the said Corporations erected and constituted in pursuance of the said Act and their Treasurers shall make and give Quarterly Accompts to the Justices of Peace, who are hereby required to demand and call for the said Accompts, and are not to raise any more moneys upon any new Certificates whatsoever, untill there be a just Accompt given to, and allowed by the Justices of the Peace aforesaid according to the true intent and meaning of the said former and this present Act.

And whereas some Accompts have beene made by the former Govemours of part of the moneys raised by the Act aforesaid, and some of them stand engaged for payment of certaine Summes of money, which were borrowed and expended in pursuance of the said former Act, Bee it further enacted That all such Accompti which shall appeare to the said Justices (not haveing beene Govemours of the said Corporations) to have beene made according to the Act aforesaid shall be and are hereby ratifyed and confirmed, and that such moneys as have not beene accompted for as aforesaid shall be accompted for according as in the said Act is provided.

And that all moneys lent, and all such Debts, as any of them, or any of the Members of the said Corporations aforesaid stand engaged for, and have beene contrafted for the Uses expressed in the said Act, shall upon order from the Justices aforesaid (ascertaining the same) be discharged and satisfyed by the respective Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, and shall from time to time be allowed in their respective accompts.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Summe or Summes of money to be leavyed upon the Inhabitants of any of the said respective Parishes according to the said former or this present Act shaD in any one yeare exceede one fowerth part of the Assesment to the Poore for that yeare, laid on any of dfc Parishes and Liberties aforesaid, Which said Summe shall be paid by the respective Inhabitants of the said Parishes at two severall payments to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the said Corporations (that is to say) at the Feast of Saint Michael the Arch-Angell, and the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, or within fowerteene dayes after either of the said Feasts as aforesaid.

And bee it alsoe enacted That noe Assesment shall be laid or made on any the Parishes aforesaid after the nine and twenty eth day of September which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and five, Any thing in the said former or this present Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That noe thing herein contained shall in any sorte extend to the superseding, altering or vacating any of the Powers given by the said former Act to the Lord Maior and Govemours for the Corporation within the City of London or the Parish of Saint Margarets Westminster but that the same and all the other Clauses and Articles in the said former Act shall to all intents and purposes be fully executed and observed within the City of London, and Parish of Saint Margarets Westminster as if this Act had not beene made. Any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 19.

733

CHAPTER XIX.

An Act to prevent Fraudes in the buying and selling of Cattell in Smithfeild and elsewhere.

FOR the preventing of Frauds and Abuses in buying and selling of Cattell, Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde and by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same That one Act made in the second and third yeare of the Raigne of King Edward the Sixth, Endtuled, An Act touching Victualls and Handycraftsmen, And one other Act made in the fifteenth yeare of his now Majestyes Raigne, Endtuled An Act to prevent the buying and selling of live fatt Cattel by Butchers. And every Ardcle Clause and Sentence therein be, and are hereby revived continued and confirmed. Except one Branch of the said Statute concerning Victuallers and Handycraftsmen since repealed by a Statute made in the third and fowerth yeares of the Raigne of the said King Edward the Sixth, and except all such Clauses matters or things therein or in any of them contained as shall be altered or repealed by this ensueing Act, And that the same shall for ever hereafter be duely holden, observed and kept in all points for all times to come.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Jobber, Salesman or other Broker or Factor, who doe or shall commonly buy or sell Cattell for others be allowed or imployed either for buying or selling any fatt Cattell other then Swine or Calves by or for any Butcher or other person or persons whatsoever within fowerscore miles of the Cityes of London and Westminster upon paine of the Forfeiture of the value of the said Cattell soe bought or sold for him or them as aforesaid to be paid by the Owner of such Cattell, And upon further paine That all and every person and persons takeing upon him or them to use or exercise the said imployment of a Jobber or Broker, or of a Salesman or Factor for the buying or selling of Cattell contrary to this present Act, shall forfeite for every such Offence the Value of all such Cattell soe bought or sold or exposed to sale by him or them as aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted That if any person or persons exerdseing the Trade of a Butcher within the Cityes of London or Westminster or within ten miles thereof shall buy any fatt Cattell and sell the same againe either alive or dead to any person or persons exerdseing [or useing1] the same Trade, that the Seller thereof shall forfeite for every such Offence the value of such Cattell soe bought and sold as aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted That noe Drover from and after the Twenty fourth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy and one shall be licensed, appointed or assigned by the Justices of Peace in their Quarter Sessions or otherwise within London and Westminster or fowerscore miles of the said Cityes of London and Westminster, And that all such Licences shall be null and void. Any former Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And that from and after the sower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy and one it shall not be lawfiill for any Justices of [the1] Peace at their Quarter Sessions or otherwise to license any person to be a Drover who doth use or exercise [the Profession1] or Trade of a Grasier or Butcher nor any other person or persons whatsoever, unlesse the person or persons soe licensed shall become bound to his Majestye his Heires and Successors with two sufficient Suretyes of the same County, Division or place where such License shall be obtained by a Recognizance in such Summe as the said Justices shall thinke fitt, not to sell any Cattell by him or them to be bought within the distance of sixty miles [from the place1] where he bought the same. And that the person soe licensed shall be knowne to the said Justices or some of them to be of sufficient Estate and Ability to answere the Penalty of such Recognizance in case he shall incurr the Forfeiture thereof.

And bee it further enacted and declared That where upon any Information or other Prosecution to be brought or prosecuted for any Offence committed in buying or selling of Cattell contrary to this present Act or any [other1] Act or Statute now in force any question shall arise concerning the intervall or distance of time or place betweene the buying and selling of such Cattell, the proofe thereof shall be incumbent upon the Offender or party accused of such Offence; And in case any such Salesman or Factor as aforesaid upon any prosecution against him for the selling the Cattell of any other person, shall pleade or affirme That the Cattell soe sould were his owne it shall be incumbent upon him to make proofe of his Property therein, and a lawfull Sale bona fide made to him of the same.

Butt neverthelesse for preventing of vexatious Informations and Prosecutions by colour of this Act Bee it further enacted That if upon any Information or [other1] Prosecution grounded upon this Act, it shall appeare to the Justices before whome the said cause shall be brought that any such Information or Prosecution was promoted onely for vexation and without any reasonable cause, the said Justices shall and are hereby required by vertue of this Act to award to the party soe unjustly accused or prosecuted treble Costs to be occasioned by such vexatious Prosecution, the same to be recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, wherein noe Essoigne Protestion or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

9 A

Rot. Pari1 22 St at C. II. p. 2. mu. 7-

a & 3 Ed. VI. c.15.

15 Car. II. c. 8. revived.

Except § 4.

3 &4 Ed. VI. c. so.

II.

Jobber, Broker, Sec. buying Cattle, except Swine or Calves, within Fourscore Miles of London, or acting as a Jobber contrary to Act;

Penalty.

III. Butcher within

1 o Miles of London, &c. selling to another Butcher} Penalty.

IV.

Licence to Drover by Justice of Peace within Fourscore Miles of London void.

V.

Who may be licensed Drovers.

To be bound with Sureties;

and known to Justices to be of sufficient Estate.

VI.

Onus probandi upon the Party offending.

VII. Vexatious Information;

Treble Costs.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 19, 20. A.D.W1Q & 16? 1.

VIII.

Quarter Sessions may determine Offences.

To make Extracts of one Moiety of Penalties to the King;

to award Execution of the other Moiety to the Informer.

IX. No Certiorari to be allowed.

X.

Fat Cattle bought in Smithfield, not to be there sold again;

Penalty.

XI.

Cattle there sold, how to be marked.

XII. Customs of Foreign bought and Foreign sold not to prevent Foreigners buying and selling.

XIII.

Calves under Five Weeks old may be killed.

A Clause in i Jac. I. c. 22. repealed.

XIV. Limitation of Prosecution.

XV.

Continuance of Ad.

XVI. Compounding Offences;

Penalty j£ao.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Justices of the Peace in every County, Rideing, Division Citty or Towne Corporate within the Kingdome of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwkke upon Tweede at their Quarter Sessions shall have full power and authority by vertue of this Act to esquire, heare and determine all and every the defaults and offences in buying or selling of Cattell [committed1] contrary to this Act, or any other Law or Statute now in force within the County, Rideing, Division, City or Towne Corporate where any such Offence shall be committed by Inquisition, Presentment, Bill or Information before them exhibited, and to make Processe thereupon, and upon Conviction of the [Offenders1] to make Extrads of the one moyety of the Forfeitures to be leavyed to the Kings use, as they use to doe of other Fines, Issues, and Amerciaments growne in Sessions of the Peace, and to award Execution of the other moyety to the Informer or Prosecutor by Fieri Facias or Capias as the Kings Bench at Westminster may doe and use to doe.

And bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any Information or other Proceedings in the Quarter Sessions for or concerning any matter or thing in this or the before recked Acts or any of them, but the Justices of the Peace then present shall proceede thereupon. Any such Writt or Writts of Certiorari notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted That if any fatt Cattell bought in Smithfeild Market from and after the fewer and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy and one as aforesaid shall afterwards be brought into the said Market to be sold or exposed to sale alive, the same shall and may be seized by the Bayliffe Toll-taker or other Officer, appointed to have the Care and Oversight of the said Market to the use of the Maior Aldermen and Commonalty of the City of London.

And for the better discovery thereof Bee it further enacted That the said Bayliffe Toll taker or other Officer aforesaid shall cause all Cattell which shall be sold to be marked by cutting off two inches or more of the further Home of every Oxe, Steere or other Bullocke soe sold to the intent the same may be seized as forfeit by vertne of this present Act as aforesaid.

And forasmuch as the Customes of Forreigne bought and Forreigne sold used within the City of London is found to be prejudiciall to the Sellers of Cattell in the Markets of Smithfeild Bee it enacted from and after the sower and twentyeth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy and one, it shall and may be lawful! aswell for Foreigners as Freemen to buy and sell any Cattell in the said Markets without Restraint, Any such Custome or other Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That one certaine Clause restraining the killing of any Calfe to sell being under five Weekes old upon paine to forfeite six shillings eight pence for every Calfe soe to be killed and sold, contained in a certaine Ad of Parlyament made in the first yeare of the Raigne of King James over England &c endtuled An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoe-makers and other Artificers occupying the Cutting of Leathers, stand repealed and be utterly null and void.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authorise aforesaid that neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained shall extend to charge any person or persons for any the Offences above-mentioned, unlesse he or they be prosecuted for the same within six Moneths next after such Offence done or committed.

Provided alwayes That this Act shall continue in force for three yeares to commence from the twenty fourth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy one aforesaid, and from thence to the end of the next Sessions of Parlyament and noe longer.

And if any person or persons discovering any Offence committed against this Act shall make any Composition for the same and not prosecute according to the direction of this Act, every such person or persons soe offending shall forfeite twenty pounds for every such Offence to be recovered and disposed in like manner as all Penaltyes and Forfeitures in this Act are directed.

CHAPTER XX.

Rot, Pari, 22 & 23 C. II, p, 2. nu. 8.

Reasons for passing

this a a.

Justice of Peace to require Prisoner to be brought before him.

An Act for the Releife and Release of poore distressed Prisoners for Debt.

FORASMUCH as very many persons now detained in Prison are miserably impoverished either by reason of the late unhappy Times, the sadd and dreadfull Fire, their owne Misfortunes, or otherwise, soe as they are totally disabled to give any Satisfaction to their Creditors, and soe become without advantage to any a Charge and Burthen to the Kingdome, and by Noysomnes (inseperably incident to extreame Poverty) may become the occasion of Pestilence and contagious Diseases to the great prejudice of the Kingdome Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Justice of the Peace of any County City, Towne or Liberty within the Kingdome

A.D. 1670efl671-

22" & 2y Cab. II. c. 20.

735

of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede by Warrant under his Hand and Seale to require the Shenffe, Goaler or Sleeper of any Prison within his respective Jurisdiction to bring without delay the Body of any Person being in Prison fior Debt, on the fourteenth day of Aprill One thousand six hundred seaventy and one, or damages (and petitioning such Justice to be discharged) to some convenient place within the distance of One mile from the said Prison, and shall certifie the cause and causes of the Imprisonment before the Justice, which Warrant every such Sheriffe, Goaler and Keeper is hereby commanded to obey* And in case such Prisoner comeing before such Justice shall take an Oath to this effect (viz)

J A B doe upon my corporall Oath solemnely professe and declare before Almighty God That I have not any

Estate Reall or Personall in Possession, Reversion or Remainder of the value of ten pounds in the whole, or sufficient to pay the Debt or Dammages for which I am imprisoned, and that I have not directly or indirectly sold, leased or otherwise conveyed, disposed of, or entrusted all or any part of my Estate, thereby to secure the same to receive or expect any Proffitt or Advantage thereof, or defraude or deceive any Creditor or Creditors whatsoever to whome I stand indebted*

Then after the takeing of such Oath the said Justice shall remand the Prisoner to Prison and shall give a Certificate thereof, in writeing under his Hand and Seale to the same Prisoner to be served upon such person or persons

his or her Executors or Administrators, or to be left at the place of the usuall abode of such person or persons

at whose Suite the Prisoner standeth charged and imprisoned, thereby appointing aswell the said person or persons as the said Prisoner to appeare before the Justices at the next generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the same County, City, Towne or Liberty, when, if it shall appeare upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices

are impowered to administer) that the said Certificate was soe served or left forty dayes or more before the said

Sessions, and that the said Oath taken by the said Prisoner be not disproved by good Testimony of any credible person or persons upon Oath, to be administred by the said Justices by vertue of this Act, then the said Justices being satisfyed therein shall direct their Warrant under their Hands and Seales commanding the said Sheriffe, Goaler or Keeper of the Prison to sett at Liberty, and discharge the said Prisoner if imprisoned for the causes aforesaid and noe other, without paying any thing for Fee or Chamber-Rent, which Warrant shall be a sufficient Discharge to the same Sheriffe, Goaler or Keeper of Prison, and noe Action of Escape, or other Action shall be brought against them or any of them for the same in any wise.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That when such prisoner or prisoners for debt shall have legally taken the said oath in this act proposed to be taken, and shall have duely summoned his or [herl] Creditor or Creditors, and after the said forty dayes time if the said Creditor or Creditors shall make noe discovery of his, her or their Estates, nor disprove or detect the said prisoner or prisoners of forsweareing themselves, that then if such Creditor or Creditors will not be satisfyed therewith (that the said prisoner or prisoners may be sett at liberty) or will insist to have the said prisoner continued in Goale that then the said Creditor or Creditors shall at his and their owne proper costs and charges allow and pay weekely a reasonable Maintenance to the said prisoner or prisoners such as the said Commissioners of the Peace or any three of them in their respective Divisions shall order and appoint not exceeding eighteene pence a weeke, And upon non-payment of the same weekely, the said prisoner or prisoners shall be sett at liberty according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That upon any Action of Escape or other Suite brought

or to be brought against any Sheriffe, Goaler or Keeper of any such Prison, or other officer or person for any

thing done in obedience to this Act, it shall and may be lawfull [to and*] for such Sheriffe, Goaler or Keeper of

Prison or other Officer or person to pleade the generall Issue, and give this Act in Evidence, which shall be a

good and sufficient discharge, and shall save harmlesse every such Sheriffe, Goaler or Keeper of Prison pleading the same, And if the Plaintiffe in any such Action shall be nonsuited or Verdict passe against him the Defendant shall have double Costs to be taxed by the Court where such Action shall be brought.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That notwithstanding the discharge of the person of such prisoner as aforesaid upon takeing the Oath aforesaid, all and every Judgement had, and taken against him or her shall be and stand good and effectuall in the Law to all intents and purposes against the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods and Chattells onely of the said prisoner soe discharged as aforesaid. And it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Creditor of such prisoner or prisoners soe discharged as

aforesaid, his Executors Administrators or Assignes to take out any new Execution against the Lands Tenements,

Hereditaments Goods and Chattells of such prisoner or prisoners, (his or her weareing Apparell, Beding for him

and his or her Family, and Tooles necessary for his or her Trade and Occupation onely excepted) for the

satisfaction of his or their said Debt in such sort, manner, and forme as he or they might have done, if the person or persons of such prisoner or prisoners had never beene taken in Execution, Any Act Statute or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if at any time after the takeing of the said Oath the said prisoner or prisoners shall upon any Indictment or lndidments, or by his or their owne Confession or Verdict of twelve men be convicted of false swearing in any point or Article contained in the said Oath, as he or they shall or may be by force of this Act, then such prisoner or prisoners soe convicted as

Cause of Imprisonment to be certified.

Form of Oath by Prisooer.

Prisoner to be remanded, and Certificate thereof to Prisooer.

Notice to be left with Plaintiff to appear at the next Quarter Sessions.

In what case Prisoner to be discharged without Fee or Chamber Rent.

II.

If Creditor wilfully insist on Prisoner continuing in Gaol, then he is to pay a weekly Sum to Prisoner.

On Non-payment thereof Prisoner discharged.

m.

On Action against Sheriff, &c. General Issue may be pleaded.

Double Costs.

IV.

Judgments against Prisoner to stand good notwithstanding the Discharge.

New Execution against Real and ftrsonal Estate, except Wearing Apparel, &c.

V.

Prisoner taking a false Oath conw&ed of Perjury.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 20.

A.D. 1670 6116?1.

5 Eliz. c. 9.

A new Execution to be awarded against him, upon winch he may be remanded.

VI.

Officer delaying to bring Prisoner before a Justice, or to discharge him; Penalty 4&100.

VII.

No Sheriff, &c. to carry any Person to Tavern, Alehouse, See. without his free Consent;

nor demand or receive any greater Sum than by Law ought to be taken for Arrest, waiting, See.

nor take

unreasonable Sum for Lodging, &c. nor procure such Prisoner to pay for other Wine, &c. than he shall freely call for.

VIII. Sheriffs, Gaolers, &c. to permit their Prisoners to send for necessary Food, Bedding, &c. where they please;

and not to demand greater Fee for Commitment, &c. than is allowable, until the same be settled as herein mentioned.

aforesaid shall suffer all such paines and forfeitures, as [by1] the Statute of Quinto of Queene Elizabeth are to be inflicted upon any person convicted of wilfull Perjury, And alsoe the Court by Processe out of which the prisoner was imprisoned shall award a Capias ad sadsfadendu infinite or other Processe directed to any Sheriff* or Sheriffs for the apprehending of the said prisoner and upon retume of Cepi Corpus, shall remand the said prisoner into the prison whence he or she was dismissed, there to remaine in Execution in such manner and condition as he or she was before his or her said Enlargement. And then and from thenceforth he or she shall be adjudged to be in Execution fully, as if he or she had never beene discharged thereof, And the Execution and Executions upon his or her Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods and Chattells if any such happen to be after his or her said discharge out of Prison, and before he or she shall be remanded shall stand alsoe good and effectuall in Law, Any Act, Statute or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided, and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That in case any Sheriffe, Goaler or Keeper of Prison shall refuse or delay to bring or discharge or sett at Liberty any Prisoner according to the order of the Justice or Justices to be made in manner as aforesaid, every such Sheriffe Goaler or Keeper of Prison shall forfeite and pay to such Prisoner detained contrary to such Order the summe of one hundred pounds to be recovered by Aftian of Debt in any Court of Record, and shall be alsoe subject to any Fine and Punishment as the said Justices shall order or award.

And whereas it is found by common experience That such person or persons that are under Arrests, or committed to the Custodie of Sheriffes, Bayliffes, Goalers Keepers of Prisons or Goales are much abused and wronged by extorting of great Fees, Rewards and other Exactions, and putt to great Expences under pretences of favour or otherwise, whereby they are greatly oppressed and many times ruined in their Estates. For remedy thereof Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Under Sheriffe, Bayliffe Sergeant at Mace or other Officer or Minister whatsoever shall at any time or times hereafter have in his or their Custody any person or persons by vertue or colour of any Writt, Processe or other Warrant whatsoever, it shall not be lawfull for such Officer or Officers to convey or carry, or cause to bee conveyed or carryed the said person or persons to any Taverne Alehouse or other publique Victualling or Drinking House without the free and voluntary consent of the said person or persons soe as to charge such Prisoner with any Summe of Money for any Wine, Beere, Ale, Victualls, Tobacco or any other things whatsoever, but what the said person or persons shall call for, of his, her or their owne accord, and shall not demand, take or receive, or cause to be demanded taken or received directly or indirectly any other or greater Summe or Summes then what by Law ought to be taken or demanded for such Arrest, rakring or waiteing (untill such person or persons shall have procured an appearance, found Baile, agreed with his or their Adversaries, or be sent to the proper Goale belonging to the County, City, Towne or place where such Arrest or takeing shall be) [nor take and exact any other reward or gratuity for soe keeping the said person or persons out of the Goale or Prison, then what he, she or they shall or will of his, her or their owne accord voluntarily and freely give, *] Nor take nor receive any other or greater summe or summes for each nights lodgeing or other expences then what is reasonable and fitting in such cases, or shall be soe adjudged by the next Justice of the Peace or at the next Quarter Sessions, and shall not cause or procure the said person or persons to pay for any [other1] Wine, Beere, Ale, Victualls, Tobacco or other things then what the said person or persons «h*H voluntarily, perticularly and freefy call for.

And that every Under Sheriffe, Goaler, Keeper of Prison or Goale, and every person or persons whatsoever to whose custody any person or persons shall be delivered or committed by vertue of any Writt of Processe or any pretence whatsoever shall permitt and suffer the said person or persons at his and their will and pleasure to seod for, and have any Beere, Ale, Vidlualls and other necessary foode where and from whence they please, as alsoe to have and use such Beding, Linen and other things as the said person or persons shall thinke fitt, without any purloyning, detaineing or paying for the same or any part thereof, nor shall demand, take or receive of the said person or persons any other or greater Fee or Fees whatsoever for his [her *] or their commitment, release or discharge, or for his, her or their Chamber-rent then what is allowable by Law, untill the same shall be setled by three Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quoru of each perticular County, City and Towne Corporate in their severall Precincts, and for the City of London and Countyes of Midlesex and Surrey the two Lord Cheife Justices of the Kings Bench and Common Pleas and the Lord Cheife Baron or any two of them, and the Justices of the Peace of the same in their severall Jurisdictions.

IX. And likewise that the said Lord Cheife Justices, Lord Cheife Baron and Justices of the Peace in their severall

by^Lor/chief113 * Jurisdictions and all Commissioners for charitable Uses doe use their best endeavours and diligence to examine and ^U^harit ^bl" lJt0 Ihide out the severall Legacies, Gifts and Bequests bestowed and given for the benefitt and advantage of the poore

given for the Benefit Prisoners for Debt in the severall Goales and Prisons in this Kingdome, and to send for any Deeds, Wills,

of poor Prisoner*. Writeings and Bookes of Accounts whatsoever and any person or persons concerned therein, and to examine them

upon Oath to make true discovery thereof (which they have full power and authority hereby to doe) and the

same soe found out and ascertained, to order and setle in some manner and way that the Prisoners hereafter may not be defrauded, but receive the full benefitt thereof according to the true intent of the Donors.

X.

Accounts of such And that these Accounts of the severall Legacies, Gifts and Bequests given and bestowed upon the severall

Mdl^vemmentCCof Prisoners for Debt within this Kingdome, and the severall Rates of Fees and the future Government of Prisons

Prisonstobe signed, signed and confirmed by the Lord Cheife Justices and Lord Cheife Baron or any two of them for the time &c. by the Lord 0 1 1

22° & 23° Car. II. c.20, 21.

737

being, and the Justices of the Peace in London, Midlesex, and Surrey, and by the Judges for the severall Circuits Chief Justice!, kc. and Justices of the Peace for the time being in their severall Predn&s, and fairely written, and hung up in ^r^Gi^ftirly a Table in every Goale and Prison before the first day of November One thousand six hundred seaventy and written; one, and likewise be registred by each and every Clerke of the Peace within his or their particular Jurisdiction, and registered by And after such Establishment noe other greater Fee or Fees then shall be soe established shall be demanded or Clerk o{ tke Petcc* received.

And whereas it is become the common practice of [the '] Goalers and Keepers of Newgate, the Gatehouse at Reciul^t Fdon# Westminster and sundry other Goales and Prisons to lodge together in one Roome, or Chamber and Bed Prisoners and Prisooers for for Debt and Felons, whereby many times honest Gentlemen, Tradesmen and others Prisoners for Debt are disturbed, lodgtd

and hindred in the night time from their naturall rest by reason of their Fetters and Irons, and otherwise much offended and troubled by their lewd and prophane language and discourses, with most horrid curseing and swearing (much accustomed to such persons) Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall not be lawfull hereafter Sheriff,Gaoler, for any Sheriffe, Goaler or Keeper of Goale or Prison to putt, keepe or lodge Prisoners for Debt and Felons together in one Roome or Chamber, but that they shall be putt, kepte and lodged seperate and apart one from another in distinct Roomes upon paine that he, she or they which shall offend against this Act, or the true intent and meaning thereof or any part thereof shall forfeite and lose his or her Office, Place or Imployment, and shall Penalty, forfeite treble dammages to the party grieved to be recovered by vertue of this Act. Any Law, Statute, Usage or Custome to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XXL

An Act for takeing the Accompts of Sixty thousand pounds and other Moneys given to the loyall and indigent Rot. Parl. 22 & 23

Officers. C.II.p.2. «.9.

WHEREAS by an Act of this present Parlyament made in the fowerteenth yeare of the Raigne of our most Recital of

gratious Soveraigne Lord King Charles the Second Entituled An Act for distribution of Threescore thousand & C,11‘

pounds amongst the truely loyall and indigent Commission Officers and for assessing of Offices and distributing the Moneys thereby raised for their further Supply. It was enacted That the summe of Threescore thousand pounds should with the most convenient speede be distributed amongst such truely loyall and indigent Officers, who have had reall Command of Souldiers according to their severall Commissions, and who had never deserted his Majestyes nor his blessed Fathers Service, dureing the late times of Rebellion and Usurpation, and who have not a sufficient Livelyhood of their owne, nor have since his Majestyes Returae obtained any Reward Office or Imployment sufficient for a Livelyhood by such wayes, meanes and proportions as by the said Act is appointed;

And by the said Act the said Threescore thousand pounds was to be paid to such Treasurer as should be nominated

and appointed according to the true meaneing of the said Act; And whereas the said Commissioners by the said and that

Ad were to assesse all and every Office and Offices within the Realme of England, Principality of Wales and

Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede of the yearely value of five pounds or more, and forasmuch as severall persons OIBceiof

were appointed Treasurers, Collectors, and Receivers for the receipt of the said Threescore thousand pounds, and mentioned;

for the receipt of the sumraes of money to be raised by the Assessment of Offices. And forasmuch as severall and that Complaint

summes of money have beene paid to the said Treasurers, Collectors and Receivers in pursuance of the said Acts, ^Acrount^had*1

whereof complaint hath beene made that some of them have given noe Accompt, Bee it therefore enacted, and been given of certain

it is enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall

and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same That Commissioner! to

the persons hereafter to be named by his Majestie under his Great Seale or any three or more of them shall be

Commissioners for the takeing of the respective Accompts of the said Treasurers, Collectors and Receivers, upon

the respective Oathes of the said Treasurers, Collectors and Receivers, and alsoe to examine Witnesses and to take

Depositions upon Oath concerning the chargeing or dischargeing of the said Treasurers, Collectors or Receivers,

which Oathes the said Commissioners or any three or more of them are hereby authorized to administer, and by Power to administer

all other wayes and meanes to examine what moneys have beene bona fide received or paid in pursuance of the Oath,#

former Act for distribution of Threescore thousand pounds by any person or persons whatsoever.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Comissers or any three or more of them II.

may from time to time issue their Warrants under their Hands and Seales, to the said Treasurers, Collectors and Receivers respectively, commanding thereby the said Treasurers, Collectors and Receivers to appeare before them or any three or more of them at such time and place as by the said Warrants shall be appointed, soe as the Proviso at to place in which the said Treasurers, Collectors, and Receivers be appointed to appeare, be within three miles of the Cityes of London and Westminster.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Cdmislers soe as aforesaid to be appointed A of

by his Majestie or any three or more of them shall upon the takeing the Accompts of the said Treasurers, Receivers the Account* to

and Collectors make and transmitt into his Majestyes Court of Exchequer a Duplicate of the same Accompt faire trtnimhfed^by

written in Parchment and signed by the said C5mis5ers or any three or more of them, Which said Accompt Commlmoner* into

the Exchequer.

9b

T38

22° & 23° Car. II. c.21.

A.D. 1670 ftp 1671.

Quietus est or Process thereupon.

IV.

Monies levied to be issued and paid without Fee.

How and to whom such Monies to be distributed.

V.

Commissioners Warrant a sufficient Discharge to Treasurer.

Treasurer to obey Commissioners Warrant, and to be accountable to Commissioners.

Accounts certified proceeded upon.

VI.

Any Certificate counterfeit or unduly granted to postpone the Payment till cleared.

VII. Commissioners to levy all Monies formerly assessed and not paid, and to assess such Offices as had not been assessed according to 14 (13 & 14) C.1I. c.8.

To administer Oath as to Value of Offices.

VIII. Commissioners to appoint Collectora and a Register.

Duty of Register.

Power to Collectors to levy.

soe signed and transmitted, is by the authority aforesaid declared and adjudged to be, and shall to all intents and purposes be received and taken by all and every the Officers and Ministers of his Majestyes said Court of Exchequer as an Accompt declared before the Lord Treasurer Chauncellor or Barons of the said Exchequer according to the usuall course of the said Court, and shall have the same effect and be accordingly proceeded upon either for passing a Quietus est to the severall and respective Accomptants, or for issueing of Processe where the case requires, All which the said Court of Exchequer and the severall and respective Officers and Ministers thereof, to whome it shall or may appertaine, are hereby authorized and required to performe and doe accordingly.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That after the said summe and summes of money shall be leavyed and paid into his Majestyes Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, That then the said summe or summes of money or soe much thereof as shall be leavyed and paid as aforesaid shall be issued forth and paid without any Fee unto such Treasurer as his Majestie shall appoint, or unto his Deputy, to be appointed under his hand and seale, for whome he is to be responsable, to which Treasurer shall be from time to time paid all money due, ariseing or leavyed by vertue of the said first recited Act, or this present Act, which said CdmisSers or any three or more of them shall by their Warrants under Hand and Seale to the said Treasurer or his Deputy as aforesaid cause to be paid out the said moneys to such truely, loyall, indigent Commission Officers as aforesaid, as have not already received their full Share, haveing relation [and resped1] to the methods and directions of the said former Act or Acts and proceedings thereupon; and alsoe to the methods already proceeded in by Lots, as the Countyes stand in the rule of Lotts, had and made by the former Commissioners for this purpose sitting in the Starr chamber. And therefore the said former Treasurers, Receivers and Collectors, as alsoe the former Registers and Clerks and every of them for distribution of the said threescore thousand pounds are hereby required to deliver to the said Comissers all such Bookes and Papers, relateing to this affaire, as came to their or any of their hands or custodie.

And further bee it enacted That the said Warrants of the said Comissers and the Acquittances of the respective Comission officers thereupon shall be vouchers and sufficient [dischargers*] to the said Treasurer for such moneys as he shall accordingly pay, [And such Treasurer shall give obedience to every such Warrant and make ready payment accordingly if any such moneys remaine in his hand, and he shall pay noe such money without such Warrant,3] and for all such money as he shall soe receive, and pay as aforesaid he is hereby made accomptable to the said Comissers, and his Accompts soe taken by them or the major part of them shall be certifyed under their hands and seales unto the Exchequer, which Accompts soe certifyed by the said Comissers or any three or

more of them is hereby declared and adjudged, and shall be taken by all the Officers and Ministers of the

said Exchequer as an Accompt declared in manner as is before in this Act expressed, and shall accordingly be proceeded upon.

And bee it enacted That if it shall appeare upon Oath before the said Comislers or any three or more of them that any Certificate is false or counterfeite or corruptly or not duely procured or granted according to the former Acts made for that purpose That then it shall and may be lawfuil for such ComisSers to postpone the payment of the moneys due upon such Certificate untill the party concerned therein shall upon Oath prove the contrary or cleare himselfe, or his said Certificate from all such Objections. All which Oathes aforesaid the said Comissers are hereby impowered to administer.

And bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Comissers or any three or more of them are hereby authorized and required by Warrant as aforesaid to leavy or cause to be leavyed according to the powers of the said Acts or any of them all such moneys formerly assessed as shall appeare to them not to have beene

accordingly paid, and to assesse all and every Officer and Officers for their respective Offices within the Realme

of England, Principality of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede as hath not beene formerly assessed according to the true intent of the said first mentioned A&, intituled, An Act for the distribution of Threescore thousand pounds amongst the truely loyall and indigent Commission officers and for assessing of Offices and distributing the moneys thereby raised for their future Supply. And they are hereby impowered and directed by Oath (other then of the Officer himselfe) if they finde cause, and by all other lawfuil meanes to finde out with convenient speede the full value of all Offices aforesaid, to the intent all Officer and Officers may be truely assessed for their respective Offices according to the rates and proportions hereafter mentioned j that is to say To rate every Officer and Officers as hath not already beene assessed, and to rate and assesse every of them

soe much as he or they ought to have beene assessed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of

the said Act.

And the said Comissers or any three or more of them are hereby enabled to nominate such Collector or Collectors for the Countyes, Cityes and Corporations within the Kingdome of England, Principality of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede for the collecting receiving and gathering every sume and summes. of money imposed (4) or taxed upon every Officer and Officers as aforesaid for their respective Offices, and alsoe to appoint a Register, which said Register is hereby appointed to enter all Rates and Assesments soe made by the said

Comissers or any three or more of them into a Booke fairely writt, and to deliver Duplicates to the said Collector

and Collectors under the hands and seales of the said Comissers or any three or more of them. And the said Collectors and every of them are hereby impowered to demand and leavy respectively according to the powers of the said Act the severall summes of money therein contained in the said Duplicates.

739

And bee it enacted That if any such Officer shall not pay his Taxe or Proportion soe rated or assessed, sometime within ten dayes after notice thereof in writeing left at his Office, or at the utuall place of his abode, and after demand thereof made at such place by some Collector, That then it shall and may be lawfull for such Collector or Collectors to distraine upon any of the Goods and Chattells of such Officer, and the same to sell, and restore the Overplus, deducting his owne reasonable Charges in takeing the Distresse.

And bee it further enacted That the Collector or Collectors herein appointed for the better leavying and receiveing the severall Rates and Taxes that are, or shall be imposed according to this Act, are hereby impowered to make use of all other Powers and Authorities as are given to any Collector or Sub collectors by the late AS, entituled, An Act for granting a Royall Ayde unto the Kings Majestie of Twenty sower hundred threescore and seaventeene thousand and five hundred pounds to be raised, levyed and paid in the space of three yeares.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That all payments of Money made by Sir John Bennet Knight, of the Honourable Order of the Bath, late Treasurer or his Deputy according to the direSion of the said AS, which shall appeare upon Oath before the said ComisSers to be really paid, shall be allowed to the said Treasurer, notwithstanding the said payments or any of them were made upon false and surrepddous Certificates or Letters of Attourney, unlesse upon examinadon there shall appeare any privity thereof, deceit or collusion in the said Treasurer or his Deputy, and the said ComisSers are hereby impowered to administer all or any the Oathes aforesaid.

[Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That all Warrants and Orders signed by the former ComisSers for the payment of Officers according to the rules and directions of the former Acts being transferred and made over to the present Treasurer, shall be ratifyed, confirmed and allowed by the C5mis§ers to be appointed as aforesaid, and payments made thereupon accordingly; Any thing in this A & to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes, and bee it further enacted That all such Receivers as have accompted in the Exchequer for any summe or summes of money that were received and paid by vertue of the said Act or any other A&, and have their Quietus est shall not be accomptable for the said summe or summes already accounted for by this Act; Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. *]

IX.

Non-payment of Tax within Ten Days after Notice.

Distress.

X.

Collectors may uie the Powers given by j6& i7 C. II. c. x.

XI.

Proviso for Payments made by Sir John Bennet, although paid upon false Certificates.

XII. Orders signed by former Commissioners confirmed.

XIII. Proviso for Receivers who have their Quietus.

CHAPTER XXIL

An Act for the better and more certaine Recovery of lines and Forfeitures due to his Majestie.

WHEREAS by diverse Statutes in old time made, it was provided That the Estreats of Fines, Issues, Amerciaments and other Forfeitures should be certified and delivered into the Exchequer yearely, and that from thence the Estreates of the Summons should goe forth through all Shires for leavying thereof. Since the makeing of which Lawes many are [the *] abuses and mischeifes arisen and pra&ised, not onely by the not timely certifying and estreating the said Fines and Forfeitures, but alsoe by the sinister practice amongst Officers in spareing, dischargeing and not certifying at all, or if they doe certifie, yet by miscertifying and estreating the said Fines and Forfeitures, in, and into the said Court of Exchequer. For remedy whereof, and mischeifes of like kinde Bee it enacted and ordained by the Kings most excellent Majesde, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in Parly ament assembled, and by the authoride of the same That from henceforth all Fines, Post Fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited. Recognizances, Summe and Summes of Money paid, or to be paid in liew or satisfaction of them or any of them, and all other Forfeitures whatsoever which already are, or hereafter shall be sett, imposed, lost or forfeited in his Majestyes Courts of Kings Bench, Common Bench or Exchequer, shall be cerrifyed and estreated in, and into the said Court of Exchequer twice in every yeare yearely (that is to say) All Fines, Post-Fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited, Recognizances, Summe and Summes of money paid, or to be paid in liew or satisfaction of them or any of them, and all other Forfeitures whatsoever ariseing in any of the said Courts from the begining of every Hillary Ter me in every yeare to the begining of every Trinity Terme in every yeare, shall be, and are hereby ordained to be certyfyed and estreated in, and into the said Court of Exchequer the last day of every Trinity Terme in every yeare. And all Fines, Post Fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited, Recognizances, Summe and Summes of Money paid and to be paid in liew or satisfaction of them or any of them and all other Forfeitures whatsoever ariseing in any of the said Courts from the begining of every Trinity Terme in every yeare to the begining of every Hillary Terme in every yeare shall be in like manner certifyed and estreated in and into the said Court of Exchequer the said last day of every Hillary Terme in every yeare on paine that every Officer and Minister, of, or belonging to the said Courts or any of them, to whome it doth, ought, or shall belong or appertaine, to make Certificate, or Estreate of any of the said Fines or Forfeitures, makeing defaulte, or offending [therein,3] to forfeite and pay fifty pounds for every such defaulte or sailer that shall be made in certifying and estreating as

Rot. Pari 22 & 2j C. II p*i. nu. 1 o.

Recital of ancient Statutes as to Estreats of Fines, and that Abuses had arisen in respect thereof.

All Fines, Post Fines, Issues, and other Sums of Money forfeited in the K. B., C. P., or Exchequer, to be certified twice every Year into the Exchequer;

from the beginning of Hilary Term to the beginning of Trinity Term;

from the beginning of Trinity Term to the beginning of Hilary Term.

Penalty £$o.

22° & 23° Cab. II. c.22.

A.D. 1670 8*1671.

n.

Proviso for the Course now used in certifying, &c. Issues from C. P., &c.

III.

All Fines, See. before Judges of Assize, See. from Michaelmas to Easter, to be in like Manner certified.

before Trinity Term.

From Easter to Michaelmas,

before Hilary Term. Penalty

IV.

Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks to deliver to Sheriff a Schedule of Fines, &c.

And return a Duplicate of such Schedules into the Exchequer.

Penalty ^50.

V.

Officers not to withhold or conceal Fines, &c.

nor miscertify, 5cc. Fines, &c. into the Exchequer;

Penalty.

aforesaid; The one moyety to the use of his Majesty his Heires and Successors, and the other moyety to such person or persons that shall or will sue for the same in any Court of Record by Action of Debt, BQl or Information wherein noe Wager of Law, Essoine or Protection shall be allowed.

Provided alwayes That noe thing in this A & contained shall alter or change the course now used in the certifying and estreating of Issues from the said Court of Common Bench, nor of Fines Pro licentia concordandi, cSmonly called Post Fines, being Termly certifyed and estreated into the said Court of Exchequer, nor the Termly estreating of Issues certifyed out of the Office of Pleas belonging to the said Court of Exchequer to the Clerke of the Estreats there.

And bee it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid That all Fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited. Recognizances, Summe and Summes of Money paid or to be paid in liew or satisfaction of them or any of them, and all other Forfeitures whatsoever which already are or hereafter shall be sett, imposed, lost or forfeited by or before any Judge or Judges of Assize, Clerke of the Market, or Comissers of Sewers throughout the Kingdome of England, shall be, and are hereby ordained to be certifyed and estreated into the said Court of Exchequer twice in every yeare yearely (that is to say) all Fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited, Recognizances, Summe and Summes of Money paid or to be paid in liew or satisfaction of them, or any of them, ariseing or happening in any of the said Courts last mentioned, or before any Judge or Judges of the same from the Feast of Saint Michaell the Arch Angell in every yeare, to the Feast of Easter in every yeare shall be certifyed and estreated in, and into the said Court of Exchequer, before the first day of Trinity Terme in every yeare. And all Fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited, Recognizances, Summe and Summes of Money paid, or to be paid in liew or satisfaction of them or any of them, ariseing or happening in any of the said Courts last mentioned, from the said Feast of Easter in every yeare to the said Feast of Saint Michaell the Arch Angell in every yeare shall be certifyed and estreated into the said Court of Exchequer before the first day of Hillary Terme in every yeare, on paine that every such person and persons; to whome it doth, ought, or shall belong or appertaine, to make Certificate, or Estreates of the said Fines or Forfeitures makeing defaulte herein, to forfeite and pay fifty pounds for every such default or sailer, that shall be made in certifying and estreating as aforesaid, the one moyety to the use of his Majestie his Heires and Successors, and the other moyety to such person or persons that shall or will sue for the same in any Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill or InformaCbn wherein noe Wager of Law, Essoine or Protection shall be allowed.

And bee it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid That all and every the Clerke and Clerkes

of the Peace and all Towne Clerks and every of them within the Kingdome of England doe, and shall make and

deliver to the Sheriffe or Sheriffes of the County, City or Towne-Corporate where the Sessions of the Peace is or shall be kept within twenty dayes after the nine and twentyeth day of September in every yeare yearely, a true or perfeCf Estreate or Shedule of all Fines, Issues, Amerciaments forfeited. Recognizances, Summe and Summes of Money, and other Forfeitures whatsoever that are, or shall happen to be imposed, sett, lost or forfeited in any of the said Sessions of the Peace respectively, which shall be held before Michaelmas by or upon any person or persons whatsoever due to his Majesty. And also doe and shall [yearely and every1] yeare on or before the second Monday after the morrow of All Souls make and deliver into the said Court of Exchequer a true and perfect Duplicate Certificate and Estreate of all such Estreats and Schedules soe delivered to the respective Sheriffes [as1 ] aforesaid, that soe the respective Sheriffes on their Apposalls in the said Court of Exchequer may be charged with the moneys leavyed and received by him

or them respectively, upon such Schedules delivered as aforesaid, on paine that every such person and persons

offending herein for every such defaulte or sailer made to forfeite and pay fifty pounds, the one moyety to the use of his Majesty his Heires and Successors, and the other moyety to such person or persons that shall or will sue for the same, to be recovered in any Court of Record by Action of Debt, Bill, or Information, wherein noe Essoyne, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

And bee it further enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid That noe Officer or Minister of or belonging to any of his Majesties Courts of Kings Bench, Common Bench, or Exchequer, nor any Clerke of Assize, Clerke of the Peace, Towne-Clerke, nor any Officer or Minister under them or any of them, nor other person or persons whatsoever doe, or shall spare, take of, discharge, or wittingly or willingly conceale any Indictment, Fine, Post fine, Issue, Amerciament forfeited. Recognizance, or other Forfeiture whatsoever exhibited, sett, imposed, lost or forfeited, [or to be exhibited sett imposed lost or forfeited'] in any of the said Courts before mentioned or before any Judge or Judges of or belonging to the same, or any Summe or Summes of money paid or to be paid to any Officer or Officers in liew or satisfaction of any Fine or Forfeiture, unlesse it be by Rule or Order in Court where such Indictment, Fine, Post fine, Issue, Amerciament forfeited, Recognizance or other Forfeiture is or shall be exhibited, sett, imposed, lost or forfeited ; Nor shall any of the said Officers or Ministers aforesaid or any of them, [ora] any other wittingly or willingly miscertifie or estreate in, or into the said Court of Exchequer any Fine, Post fine, Issue, Amerciament forfeited, Recognizance or other Forfeiture whatsoever whereby the Processe of the said Court of Exchequer for the leavying of the same may be made invalid and of none effeCl; but every such Officer and Officers and all and every other person and persons offending herein, shall for every such Offence forfeite and pay treble the value of such Fine, Post fine, Issue, Amerciament forfeited, Recognizance, Summe and Summes of money and other Forfeiture soe spared, taken of, discharged, concealed, not certifyed or estreated, or miscertifyed or estreated as aforesaid; the one moyety thereof to the use and behoofe of his Majestie his Heires and Successors,

741

and the other moyety to such person or persons as shall or will sue for the same in any Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill or Information wherein noe Wager of Law, Essoigne or Protection shall be allowed. And alsoe shall lose his and their Office and Place and be for ever incapeable to be imployed in any Office or Place where any part of his Majestyes Revenue is to be managed or paid.

And lastly Bee it enacted and ordained by the authority aforesaid That where any Fine or Fines Summe or Surames of money or other Forfeitures due to his Majestie his Heires or Successors shall from henceforth at any time or times be paid to any Sheriffe, Clerke of Assize, Clerke of the Peace or other Officer or Minister whatsoever, belonging to any Court or Courts, and be according to the intent and directions of this Act certified and estreated, in or into the said Court of Exchequer, there and in such case the Summons or Processe of the Greene wax shall goe forth, and be awarded to the respective Sherifies against such Officer and Officers and other persons, to whome such Fine or Fines, Summe or Summes of Money or other Forfeiture is or shall be soe paid for the leavying and receiveing of the same. That soe it may appeare, when, to whome, and how such moneys are received, answered and paid to his Majestie his Heires and Successors, Any Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That nothing in this Act contained shall in any sort extend, or be construed to extend to the prejudiceing of the Rights and Priviledges of any Bodyes Politique or Corporate or their Successors, or of any Lord or Lords of any Mannour, Liberty, or Franchise whatsoever, Any thing herein to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to, or be any wayes prejudiciall to the Rights, Customes, Priviledges, Liberties, Charter or Charters of the City of London, But that the said City may enjoy the same accordingly as they formerly have enjoyed the same in all respects and to all intents and purposes whatsoever in the same manner and forme as they before this Act had enjoyed the same, Any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.1]

And bee it further enacted by the autho: :ty aforesaid That this Act shall continue for three yeares, and from thence untill the end of the next Session of Parlyament, and noe longer.

vr.

Upon ill Certificates, &c. of Finet. &c. into the Exchequer, the Summons of Green Wax to go forth for the levying of the same.

VII.

Proviso for Rights and Liberties.

VIII. Proviso for the City of London.

IX.

Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER XXIH.

An Act to revive an Act, Entituled An Act to prevent the disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the p^L 22 & 23 Stores belonging to his Majestyes Navy Royall, with some Alterations and Additions. C.II.p. 1. n*. n.

WHEREAS at a Session of this present Parlyament holden at Westminster the eighteenth day of September One Recital of

thousand six hundred sixty and six An Act of Parlyament was made Entituled, An Act to prevent the (f^c.9Ih c^!) disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majestyes Navy Royall; which was to continue two yeares from the first of February One thousand six hundred sixty and six, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament, which is already past, and the time for the continuance of the said Act expired.

And whereas the said Act is by experience found to be of necessary use and fitt to be revived and continued, in all the matters therein contained, except as is hereafter excepted. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Comons in Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the said Act of Parlyament and all and every the Clauses, Sentences The ^ and Articles therein contained, (excepting one Clause in the said Act contained, whereby it is enacted That noe Ordinary, Register, or other Officer belonging to any Ecclesiasticall Court or Court of Orphans, or any Jurisdiction whatsoever within the Kingdome of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede shall take or receive of the Executor or Administrator, Executors or Administrators of any Mariner or Souldier dyeing in the Pay of his Majestyes Navy dureing this present Warr, above the Summe of Twelve Pence for the Probate of any Will, registring the same, granting Letters of Administrations, exhibiting any Inventory, or for any other matter or thing relateing thereunto •, together with such Forfeitures and Penaltyes as is therein expressed, for the Defaults and Transgressions therein mentioned) shall by vertue of this Act be revived and continued, and have the full force and vertue of a Law dureing the continuance of this Act.

And whereas diverse ill disposed persons upon pretence of carrying his Majestyes Navall Goods, Provisions Victualls Stores and Ammunition from his Majestyes Yards, Wharfes, Storehouses or other places to his Majestyes embezzle*

Ship or Ships, or to such Shipp or Shipps as are employed in his Majestyes Services, or such persons as are His Majesty'* imployed to recarry or remove from the said Ship or Ships such Navall Goods, Provisions, Victualls, Stores and be convicted by Ammunition to [such1] his Majestyes Yards, Wharfes, Storehouses or other places doe frequently imbezill, take, and carry them away where they cannot be found, and remove themselves to places unknowns before they can be Witnesses, convicted by due processe of Law, by reason that those Witnesses that should prove the said Fafts are bound

cept $5, intmueo.

exi

contim

n.

' annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

' interlined on the Roll.

*9 C

t^.

22"& 23° Cab. II. c.23.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

Where the Value of the Stores embezzled is under aos. Treasurer, &c. of the Navy may convict, and impose Penalty;

which may be levied by Distress.

If not sufficient

Distress,

Imprisonment.

III.

Power toTreasurer, &c. to grant Warrant to enter any Ship in the Day-time, and search for stolen Goods.

Contents of W arrant.

I n case of Resistance the Persons deputed may enter and break open Hatches, and take the Goods.

Proviso respecting undue Seizures.

IV.

Personating Seamen, &c. in the Presence of Commissioners or Paymaster, in order to receive Money due to Seamen, &c.

Punishment.

V.

Counterfeiting the Hands of the Treasurer, &c. of the Navy;

or producing a counterfeit Ticket;

committed, or to find Surety.

VI.

Power toTreasurer, &c. of the Navy to administer an Oath.

forth to Sea, or otherwise imployed elsewhere. And it is found necessary that Justice be more speedily done in such cases then by ordinary course of Law it can be, Bee it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid That die Treasurer, Comptroller, Surveyour, Clerke of the Acts and ComisSers of the Navy for the time being, or any one or more of them where the value of the Goods soe imbezelled, taken or carryed away shall be under the value of Twenty shillings, shall have foil power and authority upon the Oath of two or more Witnesses (which they or any of .them have hereby power to administer) or confession of such party soe offending as aforesaid, or other Iegall proofe thereof, to convict the party or partyes soe offending, by writeing under his or any of their Hands and Seales, and to impose such Fine or Fines upon all or every such person or persons soe offending and convicted as aforesaid, as to the said Treasurer, Comptroller, Surveyour, Clerke of the Acts, and the Comissers of the Navy for the time being, or any one or more of them shall in his or their discretion seeme meete; The said Fine or Fines not exceeding double the value of the Navall Goods soe imbezelled, or carryed away. Which Fine or Fines shall be leavyed by distresse and sale of the Goods of such Offender, by vertue of the Warrant of such Officer or Officers who shall soe convict the said Offender directed in manner aforesaid to the person or persons aforesaid, or in case noe sufficient distresse can be found, as aforesaid, the party or partyes soe offending shall by vertue of the Warrant of such person before whome such person or persons shall be convicted, be imprisoned in the next Goale for any space of time not exceeding three Moneths without Baile or Mainprize.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Treasurer, Comptroller, Surveyour Clerke of the Acts and Cdmissers of the Navy for the time being or any one or more of them, upon Oath of two or more credible Witnesses (which he and they have hereby power to administer) testifying that his Majestyes Navall Goods, Stores and Navall Provisions or any part thereof are conveyed into any Shipp or Vessell whatsoever, and mentioning the name of such Shipp or Vessell being at Anchor, and not ready to saile that Tyde, within any of the Rodes, Harbours, Creekes or Rivers within his Majestyes Dominions, or any person or persons by their or one of their Warrant or Warrants, in which Warrant or Warrants the quantity or quality of such Goods shall be specifyed, thereunto authorized and appointed in the day time in the presence of any knowne Officer or Officers of the Admiralty shall have full power and authority to goe on board any such Ship or Vessell whatsoever being within any of the places aforesaid, and in case resistance or refusall be made, upon demand to enter and breake open the Hatches and Cabines or other places of the said Shipp, and search therein for any such Stores, Ammunition, Provisions or any other Navall Goods belonging to his Majestyes Navy, which' have beene imbezelled, purloyned and taken away, and the same to seize, take and carry away to his Majestyes [Storehouse, to be applyed to the Kings use, unlesse the said Officers and Comissers upon heareing the matter shall finde they were unduely seized, and thereupon restore them to the party claimeing the same, which they are hereby impowered to doe, with liberty hereby reserved to the said Party, finding himselfe agrieved with the Judgement of the said Officers or Comissers to take his remedy for his said Goods soe seized by course of Law.1 ]

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That whatsoever person or persons shall be discovered fraudulently to personate any Seaman Soldier, Artificer, Workeman or Labourer aforesaid, in the presence of any of his Majestyes said Officers or Cdmissers, or in the presence of the Paymaster or Cashier of his Majestyes Navy in order to his or their receiveing of any money due from his Majestie to the Seaman, Soldier, Artificer, Workeman or Labourer aforesaid, the person or persons soe offending [may be imediately arrested and committed to prison, by any of the said principall Officers or Comissers untill he or they shall finde Baile to answere the said Offence at the next Assizes, or Quarter Sessions for the County or place where he or they shall be soe arrested, and being there convicted of the said Offence,1] shall for every such Offence forfeite double the Summe he would by such fraude have gained, to the Govemours of the Chest at Chatham for the use of the poore and maimed Seamen belonging thereto, and shall moreover suffer Imprisonment by any space of time, not exceeding one whole yeare without Baile, at the discretion of the Court where he or they shall be soe convicted.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every person or persons who shall counterfeite the Hands of the Treasurer, Comptroller Surveyour Clerke of the Acts, or of the Comissers of the Navy, or of any of them, or the Hand or Hands of the Signeing or Vouching Officers of his Majestyes Navy, Ships, or Yards, or the Hand or Hands of any one or more of them, to any Bill, Ticket or other Papers, by vertue whereof his Majestyes Navall Treasure is or may be paid or disposed of, or shall knowingly produce any such counterfeite Ticket, Bill or other Paper, every such person or persons soe offending shall or may be lawfully c5mitted to prison, by the said Officers or Comissers or any one of them, untill he shall finde Surety at the next generall Assizes, or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Towne or place where such Offender shall be soe edmitted to prison to be there proceeded against according to Law.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfoll to and for the said Treasurer, Comptroller, Surveyour, Clerke of the Acts, and the ComisSers of His Majestyes Navy for the time being or [for *] any one or more of them to administer an Oath or Oathes in any case or cases relateing to the receiveing, keeping, issueing and accompting for any part of his Majestyes Treasure, Victualls Stores or Provisions of his Majestyes Navy, or for the preservation of due Order and Discipline therein in all matters cognizable by the said Officers and Comissioners.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

• interlined on the Roll.

743

And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the authorise aforesaid That the said Treasurer, Comptroller, Surveyour, Clerke of the Acts'and the Comissers of the Navy for the time being or any one or more of them may execute all and every the Powers hereby given them or any of them on all and every the Offenders aforesaid in all places aswell within Liberties as without. Any Law, Statute, Ordinance, Charter or Priviledge to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That noe Ordinary, Register or other Officer or Officers belonging to any Ecclesiasticall Court or Court of Orphans, or any Jurisdiction whatsoever within the Kingdome of England, Ireland or Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, shall take or receive of the Executor or Administrator Executors or Administrators (being the Wife Chiilde or Children or next of Kindred) of any Martiner, Souldier, Seaman or before named Artificer or Workeman (except where the deceased shall leave an Estate of twenty pounds or more) dyeing in the pay of His Majestyes Navy above the summe of five shillings for the whole Charges of the Probate of any Will and registring the same, and granting Letters of Administration, and exhibiting an Inventory, or in doeing any other matter or thing relateing thereunto, Every Officer performeing his Duty in the said Probate to have his proportion of the said Summe according as the Judge of the said Court shall direct, And if any such Officer or Officers shall presume to take more then the said summe of Five shillings for the whole Probate of the said Will, or shall wilfully delay the doeing, granting or executeing the Premisses, the person or persons soe offending shall forfeite to the party grieved the summe of ten pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record or elsewhere, wherein noe Essoyne, Priviledge, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed. Any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That noe clause, sentence or other matter in this Act contained shall repeale, alter, change or be interpreted to make void any of the clauses, matters or things spedfyed or contained in one Act of Parliament made in the two and twentyeth yeare of his [now'] Majestyes Raigne entituled An Act for takeing away the Benefit of Clergy from such as steale Cloth from the Racke, and from such as shall steale or imbezile his Majesties Amunicbn and Stores. But that the same Ad shall remaine in full force and vertue for and notwithstanding any thing herein contained.

Provided alsoe and bee it further enacted That all and every the Powers hereby given to any Officer or Comisser of the Navy may be exercised by the Lord High Admirall of England for the time being.

Provided alsoe and bee it further enacted That noe person or persons who shall be punished by vertue of this Act, shall be punished by force of any other Law for the same Offence.

[Provided lastly and bee it further enacted That this Act shall continue in force duremg the space of seaven yeares from the first day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and one, and from thence to the end of the Session of Parlyament then next ensueing, and noe longer.’]

VII.

A general Liberty given to the aid Treasurer, &c. to execute their Power.

VIII.

Only Five Shilling* to be paid for the Probate of any Will, or granting Letter* of Administration of the Estate of any Person dying in the Pay of His Majesty's Navy, except the Estate be of the Value of *020 and upwards.

Penalty j£io.

IX.

The Ad of 32 Car. II. c. 5. confirmed.

X.

Powers given by this Act may be executed by Lord High Admiral.

XL

No Double Punishment.

XII.

Continuance of Ad.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Act for vesting certaine Fee-Farme Rents and other small Rents in Trustees.

WHEREAS his Majestie in pursuance of a late Ad entituled, An Act for advanccing the Sale of Fee-Farme Rents and other Rents, hath by severall Letters Patents, one beareing date the thirteenth day of June in the two and twentyeth yeare of his Raigne, and the other beareing date the eleaventh day of November in the two and twentyeth yeare of his Raigne) granted and conveyed diverse Fee-Farme Rents and other Rents unto Francis Lord Hawley, Sir Charles Harbord Knight, Sir William Haward Knight, Sir John Talbot Knight, Sir Robert Stewart Knight and William Harbord Esquire and their Heires as Trustees for Sale thereof, most of which Rents are of the yearely value of forty shillings per annu and upwards. And whereas there are yet remaining very many small Rents left out of the said Letters Patents, which were intended by the said A & to be sold and conveyed away, the collection of which small Rents is very chargeable to his Majesty, and very troublesome to the Subject by meanes of Under Sheriffes, Bayliffes and Messengers necessarily imployed therein. And yet if the said small Rents should be conveyed by Letters Patents to Trustees for sale thereof, the said Letters Patents would be of extraordinary length, and require a multitude of recitalls of many small summes, which besides the charge in Writeing, would alsoe be an occasion of great hindrance and delay to his Majestyes Service, Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoritie thereof That all Fee-Farme Rents, Rents service, Rents seeke, or Dry rents, Chauntry Rents, Guild Rents, Castle-guard

Rot. Parl. 12 fit 23 C. II. p. 2. ft*. 12.

Recital that in pursuance of 22 Car. II. c. 6. by Letters Patent 13th June, and nth November,

22 C. II. certain Renta had been granted to Lord Hawley and other*;

and that many small Renta had been left out of the said Letter* Patents* which were meant to be conveyed by the said Act, and that the Collection thereof waa very chargeable.

All Rents (Exception) within the Survey

1 interlined on the Roll.

7 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 24.

4.V.1670 & 1671.

of the Exchequer and Duchy of Lancaster vetted in the said Lord Hawley and others, at Trustees, at herein mentioned.

II.

All Purchasers of Fee-Farm Rents to be kept harmless from all Incumbrances made by the Trustees.

III.

The Receivers General may receive the said Rents till Sale made.

IV.

Advantages of former Act allowed to Purchasers.

Printed Copies of this and the former Act, and of the Deed enrolled, to be Evidence.

V.

No Tenant in Tail of the said Rents hereby enabled to bar the Remainder.

VI.

The Trustees duly executing their Authority, discharged against His Majesty, &c.

VII. Purchasers may make a general Avowry, &c. by alleging that the Trustees were seized in Fee, &c. and so granted the same Rents.

a

Rents and other Rente within the Survey of the Exchequer 'or Dutchy of Lancaster, due and payable to his Majesde his Heires and Successors in Possession, Reversion or Remainder (other then such Rente and Summes of Money as are specially saved [and excepted1] out of the said Act) be and are hereby vested and setled in the said Francis Lord Hawley, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir William Haward, Sir John Talbot, Sir Robert [Steward1] and William Harbord and their Heires as fully and absolutely to all intents and purposes whatsoever as if the same had beene perdcularfy granted unto them by Letters Patents by vertue of the said Act, and in such manner as is hereby directed in that behalfe, and the said Rents hereby vested in the said Trustees shall be by them conveyed and disposed according to the Directions and Instructions mentioned in the said Act to any person or persons Bodyes Politique or Corporate who shall desire to purchase the same Rents, or any of them upon a particular or certificate thereof made by the Auditor or other Officer of Record, before whome the same doe or shall stand in charge respectively; which Conveyance of the said Trustees and the Survivours and Survivour of them shall be as good and effectuall in Law to all intents and purposes as if the Rents soe conveyed had beene particularly, Imediately and well and sufficiently granted by his Majesty under the Great Seale of England, or the Seale of the Dutchy or County Palatine of Lancaster.

And for the better security and satisfaction of the Purchasers of any the said Rents Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every person or persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate their Heires, Successors and Assignes, who have already beene, or hereafter shall become Purchaser or Purchasers of any of the said Rente granted by the said (*) Letters Patents, or mentioned or intended to be vested in or conveyed by these Presents, to the said Trustees; shall quietly hold and enjoy the same according to their severall and respective Purchases, and shall be and are hereby saved and indempnifyed and kept harmelesse of and from all and all manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, heretofore had, made or done, or hereafter to be had, made or done by the said Trustees or any of them to charge or incumber the said Rents with any Incumbrances whatsoever.

Provided alwayes, and it is the true intent and meaneing of these Presents That untill Sale shall be made of the [said1] severall Rents by the Trustees afore mentioned, or the Survivours or Survivour of them their Heires, Executors or Administrators that the Receiver or Receivers Generali of his Majestyes Revenue shall and may receive, collect and gather the same and every part thereof as fully to all intents and purposes as if the said Letters Patents or this present Act had not beene made.

And lastly bee it enacted That all such persons as shall purchase any of the said Rents by vertue of this Act shall have and enjoy all the Benefitts and Advantages given or allowed to Purchasers by the said former Act; and the shewing of the printed Copyes of this and the said former Act, and of the Conveyance made by the said Trustees and enrolled according to the direction of the said former Act shall be sufficient Evidence in any Court of Justice, to entitle the Purchaser and Purchasers their Heires and Assignes to any Rent by him, her or them purchased and contained in such Conveyance without any further Proofe or Evidence in that behalfe.

Provided That noe Tenant in Taile of any the said Rents shall be enabled [by this Ad1] to suffer any Recovery, or doe any other Act or Deed to barr the Remainder hereby vested in the said Trustees and their Heires, nor shall such Tennant in Taile have any other or greater power over the said Rent then he had before die passing of this Act. Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted That the said Trustees and the Survivours and Survivour of them, conveying and disposeing of the said Rents according to such contracts and agreements as shall be signed by the Lord Treasurer of England and Chauncellour of the Exchequer or the Lords Cdmissers of His Ma.1*"* Treasury for the time being pursuant to the said former or this present Act, and the Heires, Executors or Administrators of the said Trustees shall be, for soe doeing, and are hereby freed and discharged against his Majesty his Heires and Successors for ever.

And bee it further enacted by authority aforesaid That every Purchaser of any of the Rente and Premisses by the intent of this or any former Act sold or appointed to be sold their Heires and Assignes, and all person and persons their Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes claimeing by, from, or under such Purchaser or Purchasers may sue for, make Avowry, Justification or Conuzance as the case shall require for such Rent or Rents and Premisses and Arreares thereof, without setting forth how his Majesde or his Progenitors became endtuled to such Rents or other the Premisses, or setting forth or producing in Court any Letters Patents, or other matter whereby such Rents or Premisses had commencement, or the said Letters Patents whereby the Premisses were granted, or intended to be granted to the said Francis Lord Hawley, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir William Haward, Sir John Talbot, Sir Robert Stewart and William Harbord; But it shall be sufficient in every such Suite Avowry, Conuzance, or Justification where occasion shall be to sett forth the Title of such Purchaser to declare or alledge that the said Francis Lord Hawley Sir Charles Harbord, Sir William Haward Sir John Talbot, Sir Robert Stewart and William Harbord were seised in Fee or in Demesne, as of Fee of such Rent or Premisses in Possession or Reversion, as the case requires, and soe seised, granted the same.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* Stewart 0.

9 recited 0.

A.D. 1670 if 1671.

22° & 23° Cab. II. c. 24, 25.

745

[Whereas many of the Rents, vested in the said Trustees by the two Patents herein before mentioned, are either misredted or not soe fully and particularly expressed, as may be reasonably desired by some Purchasers* Bee it therefore further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the said Trustees and the Survivour and Survivours of them, and the Heiree of such Survivour shall and may convey the said Rents or any of them to the respective Purchasers, either by the words expressed in the said Letters Patents, or by Particulars to be made out by the respective Auditors, or by the originall Grants from the Crowne, whereon those Rents are reserved, as the said Trustees shall finde most convenient for the satisfaction of the said Purchasers;'] [Saveing unto the Queens Majestie all such Right, Title, Interest, Possession or Estate as her Majestie had, should or might have, or of right ought to have had in or unto the Rents hereby vested, or any of them as fully and amply as her Majestie should or might have had before this present . Ad, and as if this Act had never beene had or made. Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.1]

CHAPTER XXV.

An Act for the better preservation of the Game, and for secureing Warrens not inclosed, and the severall Fishings

of this Realme.

"XX THERE AS diverse disorderly persons laying aside their lawfull Trades and Imployments doe betake themselves Vv to the stealing, takeing and killing of Conies, Hares, Pheasants, Partridges and other Game, intended to be preserved by former Lawes, with Guns, Dogs, Tramells, Lowbells, Hayes, and other Netts, Snares, Hare-pipes and other Engines, to the great dammage of this Realme, and prejudice of Noblemen, Gentlemen and Lords of Mannours and others Owners of Warrens; For remedy thereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Pariyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That all Lords of Mannours or other Royaltyes not under the degree of an Esquire may from henceforth by Writeing under their Hands and Seales authorize one or more Game-keeper or Game-keepers within their respective Mannours or Royalties, who being thereunto soe authorized may take and seize all such Gunns, Bowes, Grayhounds, Setting-dogs, Lurchers or other Dogs to kill Hares or Conies, Ferretts, Tramells, Lowbells, Hayes or other Netts, Harepipes, Snares or other Engines for the takeing and killing of Conyes, Hares, Pheasants Partridges or other Game as within the precincts of such respective Mannours shall be used by any person or persons, who by this Act are prohibited to keepe or use the same. And moreover That the said Game-keeper or Game-keepers or any other person or persons (being thereunto authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of any Justice of the Peace of the same County Division or Place) may in the day time search the Houses Outhouses or other places of any such person or persons by this Act prohibited to keepe or use the same, as upon good ground shall be suspected to have or keepe in his or their Custody any Guns, Bowes, Grey hounds Setting-dogs, Ferretts, Cony dogs or other Dogs to destroy Hares or Conyes, Hayes, Tramells or other Netts, Lowbells, [Hare pipes1 ] Snares or other Engines aforesaid, and the same and every or any of them to seize, detaine and keepe, to and for the use of the Lord of the Mannour or Royalty where the same shall be soe found or taken, or otherwise to cutt in pieces or destroy

as things by this Act prohibited to be kept by persons of their degree.

And it is hereby enacted and declared That all and every person and persons, not haveing Lands and Tenements or some other Estate of Inheritance in his owne or his Wifes right of the cleare yearely value of one hundred pounds per annu or for terme of life, or haveing Lease or Leases of ninety nine yeares or for any longer terme, of the cleare yearely value of one hundred and fifty pounds, other then the Sonne and Heire apparent of an Esquire, or other person of higher degree, and the Owners and Keepers of Forrests, Parks, Chases or Warrens, being stocked with Deere or Conies for their necessary use in respect of the said Forrests, Parks, Chases or Warrens, are hereby declared to be persons by the Lawes of this Realme, not allowed to have or keepe for themselves or any other person or persons any Guns, Bowes, Grey hounds, Setting-dogs, Ferretts, Cony-doggs, Lurchers, Hayes, Netts, Lowbells, Hare-pipes, Ginns, Snares or other Engines aforesaid, But shall be, and are hereby prohibited to have, keepe or use the same.

And forasmuch as diverse Warrens and Grounds not inclosed are used for the breeding and keepeing of Conyes in severall parts of this Kingdome, and that sundry desolute and disorderly persons have beene much incouraged to kill and destroy the Conies in such Warrens and Grounds not enclosed, in the night time, for that the same is not prohibited or punishable by the Statutes in that behalfe made and provided, which extend onely

to the stealing and killing of Conies in Warrens or Grounds enclosed, For remedy thereof Bee it enacted and

declared That if any person or persons shall at any time enter wrongfully into any Warren or Ground lawfully used or kept for the breeding or keeping of Conyes (although the same be not enclosed) and there shall chase, take or kill any Conyes against the will of the Owner or Occupier thereof, not haveing lawfull Title or Authority soe to doe, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted in manner hereafter following, the parties soe offending shall yeild to the party grieved treble damages and costs, and suffer Imprisonment by the space of three moneths, and after till they shall finde Suretyes for their good abeareing.

And forasmuch as diverse idle and disorderly persons liveing neere unto Warrens have of late time used to kill and take the Conies upon the borders of the same, and under colour thereof doe oft time enter into the said Warrens and there take and kill Conyes in the night time when they cannot easily be discovered. It is further

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* interlined on the Roll.

9d

viii.

Liberty to Trustees to convey by the Words expressed in the Letters Patent, or by Particulars made out by the Auditors, or by Grants from the Crown.

Proviso for Rights of the Queen.

Rot. Parl. 22 & 23 C. II, p. 2. m. 13.

Recital that disorderly Persons steal Game, &c.

Lords of Manors not under the Degree of Esquires may appoint Gamekeepers. What such Game-keepers may seize.

Power to Game-keepers to search Houses, See. for Guns, &c.

and the same to seize and detain.

II.

What Persons are prohibited the keepingof Guns, Bows, Dogs, &c.

11T.

Recital that Warrens and Grounds not inclosed are used for breeding Conics, and that disorderly Persons destroy such Conies. Entering wrongfully into such Warrens or Grounds;

Penalty and Punishment.

IV.

746

22° & 23° Car. II. c.25.

A.D. 1670 & 1671.

Persons lulling Conies in the Night on the Borders of Warrens, except the Owner of the Ground. Satisfaction and Penalty;

and on Nonpayment of Penalty, and not making Satisfaction, Imprisonment.

V.

Setting, &c. Snares for Hares, Jcc.

Penalty.

VI.

Fishing in the Pond of any Person without his Consent with Nets or other Engines.

Limitation of Prosecution.

Satisfaction and Penalty.

to be levied by Distress.

If no Distress, Imprisonment, or Security not to offend again.

VII.

Justice of the Peace convicting Offender may cut the Nets, See.

VIII. Appeal to Quarter Sessionsj

Judgment thereon final, unless Title to Land, &c. concerned.

IX.

Proviso for Royalties and Prerogatives to His Majesty; and for the Forest Laws.

provided and enacted That noe person or persons shall at any time hereafter kill or take in the night time any Conyes upon the borders of any Warrens or other Grounds lawfully used for the breeding or keeping of Conies excepting onely such person or persons as shall be Owner of the Soile, or lawful! Occupier or Possessor of the Ground, or any person or persons imployed by him, her or them, whereupon such Conyes shall be soe killed or taken, upon paine that every person soe offending and being thereof lawfully convicted in manner hereafter following, shall give the party or partyes injured such recompence or satisfaction for his or their damages, and within such time as shall be appointed by the Justice, before whome such Offender shall be convicted, and over and above pay downe presently [ un *]to the Overseers for the use of the Poore of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed such summe of money not exceeding ten shillings as the said Justice shall thinke meete. And if such offender or offenders doe not make recompence or satisfaction to the said party or partyes injured, and alsoe pay the said summe to the Poore in manner and forme aforesaid, then the said Justice shall committ the said offender or offenders to the house of Correction for such time as the said Justice shall thinke fitt, not exceeding [one'] moneth.

And whereas diverse idle and disorderly persons have of late time taken up a practice to take and kill Hares and Conyes with Snares, Harepipes (*) and other Engines in or neere Woods, Warrens and other places. It is hereby further enacted, and declared by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons from and after the

first day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord (3) One thousand six hundred seaventy and one shall

be found or apprehended setting or useing any Snares, Harepipes or other like Engines, and shall be thereof

convicted in manner following, The person or persons soe offending shall be lyable to the penalties in the

immediate foregoeing Clause of this Act in manner as aforesaid.

And whereas diverse idle, disorderly and meane persons doe from time to time betake themselves to the stealing, takeing and killing of Fish out of Ponds, Pooles, Motes Stewes and other severall Waters and Rivers to the great damage of the Owners thereof, Bee it therefore further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons from and after the first day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred seaventy and one shall at any time use any Casting nett, Theife nett, Dragg nett, Tramell, Shove-nett or other Nett whatsoever, or any Angle, Haire, Noose, Troll or Speare, or shall lay any Waers, Potts, Nets, Fish-hookes or other Engines, or shall take any Fish by any meanes or devise whatsoever in any River, Stew, Pond, Mote, or other Water as aforesaid, or shall be aiding or assisting thereunto without the Licence or Consent of the Lord or Owner of the said Water, and be thereof, or of any other the Offence or Offences mentioned in this Act convict, by Confession of the Offender, or by Oath of one sufficient Witnesse, within one moneth after the Offence committed before any Justice of the Peace of such County, Rideing, Division or Place wherein such Offence as aforesaid, shall be committed $ which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby impowered to administer. Every such Offender or Offenders in stealing, takeing or killing Fish, shall for every such Offence give to the party or partyes injured such recompence or satisfaction for his or their damages and within such time as the said Justice shall appoint, not exceeding treble dammages, and over and above pay downe presently unto the Overseers for the use of the Poore, where the said Offence shall be comitted such summe of money not exceeding ten shillings as the said Justice shall thinke meete. And in default of payment as aforesaid the same to be leavyed by Distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goods, by Warrant under Hand and Seale of such Justice, before whome the Offender shall be convicted, rendring the Overplus if any be, And for want of Distresse the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction for such time as the Justice shall thinke fitt, not exceeding one moneth, unlesse the party offending shall enter into Bond with one competent Surety or Suretyes to the party injured, not exceeding the summe of ten pounds never to offend in like manner.

And bee it further enacted That it shall and may be lawfull for every Justice of Peace, before whome such Offender as aforesaid shall be convict, to take, cutt in pieces, and destroy all and every such Angles, Speares, Hares, Nooses, Trolls, Wears, Potts, Fish-hookes, Netts or other Engines whatsoever, wherewith such Offender as aforesaid shall be taken or apprehended.

[Provided alwayes and bee it [further1] enabled by the authority aforesaid That if any [any4] person or persons shall finde him or themselves agrieved by any Judgement, which shall happen to be given by any Justice of the Peace by vertue of this Act, it shall and may be lawfull for such person or persons soe agrieved to appeale unto the Justices of Peace in their Generali Quarter-Sessions which shall happen to be held next after such Judgement given, Who, or the greater number of them are hereby authorized and impowered to give such Releife, and make such Order therein as shall be agreable to the Tenor of this Act; And such Judgement, Order or Determination, as by the said Justices shall be made upon the said Appeale shall be finall to all intents and purposes whatsoever, if noe Title to any Land, Royalty or Fishery be therein concerned.J]

[Provided alwayes [and be it further enacted'] That neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to the takeing away or abridgeing of any Royalty or Prerogative Royall of his Majestie, nor to abridge, change or alter any part of the Forrest Lawes of this Realme, but all and every such Lawes, Rights, Powers, Royaltyes and Prerogatives Royall shall remaine and be in as full and ample force and vertue as the same ought to have beene in, if this Act had not beene made. Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.3]

1 interlined on the Roll. * Harepipes O. 9 God 0.

4 O omits. 9 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Sehedole.

22° & 23° Car. II. c. 26.

747

CHAPTER XXVI.

An Act to pVent the planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulateing the Plantation Trade. Rot. Parl. 23

C. II, p. 2. AM. 14.

WHEREAS the sowing, setting, planting and cureing of Tobacco within diverse parts of the Kingdome of Recital that the FT England doth continue and increase to the apparent Losse of his Majesty es Customer and the discouragement ^obacco°contmue« of his Majestyes Plantations in America, and great prejudice of the Trade and Navigation of this Realme, and the notwithstanding vent of its Commodityes thither notwithstanding an Act of Parlyament made in the twelfth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne that now is for the prevention thereof entituled An Act for prohibiting the planting, setting or sowing of i a Car. II. c.34.

Tobacco in England and Ireland. And alsoe one other Act of this present Parlyament made in the fifteenth yeare

of his said Majestyes Raigne intituled An Act for the incouragement of Trade. And forasmuch as the remedies 15 Car. II. 0.7. and provisions by those Lawes are found not large enough to obviate and prevent the planting thereof, Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoride of the same That from justices of the and after the first day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seaventy and to

one all Justices of the Peace within their severall Limitts and Jurisdictions, shall and doe a moneth before every Constables, &c. to Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden for their respective Countyes, issue forth their Warrants to all High- o^what* Constables, Petty Constables and Tythingmen within their severall Limitts thereby requireing the said High Tobacco is planted, constables, Petty-constables and Tythingmen and every of them, to make diligent search and inquiry what Tobacco upo^w^Land; is then sowne, sett, planted, growing, cureing, cured or made within their severall and respective Limitts and

Jurisdidions and by whome; And to make a true and lawfull presentment in Writeing upon Oath at the next and to make a

Generali Quarter Sessions to be holden for such County, of the names of all such persons as have sowne, sett, v^ng^upon* planted, cured or made any Tobacco, and what the full quantity of Land is, or was sowne, sett or planted Oath to the next therewith, and who are the immediate Tennant or Tennants, or present Occupiers of the Land soe sowne, sett Quarter Seswons. or planted, who are and shall be deemed planters thereof to all intents and purposes. Which said presentment Such Presentment upon oath shall be received and filed by the Clerke of the Peace of the said County in open Sessions, and after such receipt and fileing shall be a sufficient Conviction in Law to all intents and purposes of all such persons as a sufficient shall be soe presented for the sowing, setting, planting, improveing to grow, makeing or cureing Tobacco, either Convict,on» in Seede, Plant, Lease or otherwise, contrary to the said recited Acts or either of them, unlesse such person or except upon Notice persons, soe presented (haveing notice given to him or them of such presentment made, by the delivery of a 11 slullbc traversed. Copy of such presentment to him or them, or by leaveing a Copy of such presentment at his or their Dwelling House or Houses, or usuall place of aboade in the presence of one or more credible [ Witnesse,1 ] ten dayes at the least before the next Quarter Sessions) shall at the Quarter Sessions next after such notice shall be given to him or them, traverse such presentment, and finde sufficient Sureties for the prosecuteing and trying such Traverse at the Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County next after such Traverse shall be entred or made.

And it is hereby further enacted That all Constables, Tythingmen, Bayliffes and other publique Officers shall and doe within their respective Jurisdictions from time to time as often as occasion shall require within fowerteene dayes after Warrant from two or more of the Justices of the Peace within such County, Towne, Citty or place to them, calling to their assistance such person or persons as they and every [one1] of them shall finde convenient and necessary, plucke up, burne, consume teare in pieces, and utterly destroy all Tobacco seede, Plant, Lease, planted, sowed or growing in any Field, Earth or Ground. And if any such Tobacco shall be suffered or permitted to grow or be unconsumed in Seede, Plant or Lease in any Towneship, Tything, Parish, Hamlet or place by the space of fowerteene dayes after the receipt of such Warrant or Warrants by the said Constables, Tythingmen^ Bayliffes or other publique Officers of the respective Towneshipps, Tythings, Parishes or Hambletts as aforesaid. That then such Constables, Tythingmen, Bayliffes, or other publique Officers respectively shall for every such offence forfeite and pay the summe of five shillings for every Rod, Perch or Pole of Ground soe sett, planted or sowed with Tobacco, and soe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity of Ground, the one moyety thereof to the Kings Majestie, and the other moyety thereof to him or them that shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster.

II.

Power to Officers, &c. to pull up, &c. and destroy all the Plants, &c.

Officers not doing their Duty in destroying of it;

Penalty.

And it is hereby further enacted That in case any person or persons [or persons5] shall refuse or negcled to ayde or assist (being thereunto required) any Constable, Bayliffe or other publique Officer in the due execution of this Act, That every such person or persons, for every such offence, upon conviction thereof, made before two Justices of the Peace of the said County, where such offence shall be committed, shall forfeite and pay the summe of five shillings to be leavyed by Warrant from the said Justices by distresse and sale of the offenders Goods, And in case noe distresse can be found then every such offender shall be committed to the common Goale of the said County, there to remaine for the space of one weeke without Baile or Mainprize. And if any person or persons whatsoever shall forceably resist any Constable, Bayliffe or other publique Officer or other person or persons whatsoever in the due execution of this Act, That then every such person for every such offence, upon conviction thereof made before two Justices of the Peace of the said County, where such offence shall be

III.

Refusing, &c. to Officers;

Pentlty 58.

Distress or Imprisonment.

Resisting Officers ; Penalty £$.

22° & 23° Cab. II. c. 26

A.D. 1670 SP1671.

If no Distress, Imprisonment.

committed, shall forfeite and pay the summe of five pounds to be leavyed by Warrant from the said Justices by distresse and sale of the offenders Goods, And in case noe distresse can be found, then every such offender shall be committed to the common Goale of the said County there to remaine for the space of three monethes without Baile or Mainprize.

IV.

In Action brought for executing this and the former AAs, General Issue may he pleaded.

Costs.

V.

Proviso forTobicco planted in Physic Gardens.

VI.

Recital of 1JC.II. c. 7* $4-

and that Advantage had been taken of the Omission of repealing the Word Ireland in 12 C. II. c.18. §19.

The Word Ireland to be left out of all Bonds taken for Ships setting sail out of or from England, Ireland, Wale^ &c. for any English Plantation in America, &c.

The Governors of the English Plantation! to take Bond as herein directed before Ship is permitted to load.

Ship loading before such Bond given, or Certificate that Bond hath been given in England.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any Action, Plaint, Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or execution of this AS or either of the recited Acts, such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may pleade the Generali Issue, Not Guilty, and upon any Issue joyned, may give this AS, or the said recited Acts or either of them, and the speciall matter in Evidence, and if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite, or forbeare further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a VerdiS shall passe against him, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover their Costs, for which they shall have the like remedy as in case where Costs are given by the Law to the Defendants.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enacted That this AS nor any thing therein contained shall extend to the hind ring of the planting of Tobacco in any Phisicke Garden of either University, or in any other private Garden for Phisicke or Chirurgery onely, soe as the quantity soe planted exceede not one halfe of one Pole in any one place or Garden.

And whereas by one AS of Parlyament in the fifteenth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for the encouragement of Trade. It is declared That inasmuch as his Majestyes Plantations beyond the Seas are inhabited with his Subjects of England for the maintaining a better correspondency betwixt them, and keeping them in -a firmer dependence upon it, and rendering them yet more beneficiall and advantagious unto it, in the further imployment and increase of English Shipping and Seamen, vent of Woollen and other manufactures, rendering the Navigation to and from the same more safe and cheape, and makeing this Kingdome a Staple not onely of the Commodityes of those Plantations, but alsoe of the Commodities of other Countryes for the supplying them (it being the usage of other Nations to keepe their Plantation trades to themselves) It was therefore enacted That noe Goods or Commodityes of Europe shall be carryed into any the Plantations of Aria, Africa or America, but what shall bona fide be laden and shipped in England and in English built Shipps, or Shipps made free and navigated with English according to an Act of Parlyament on that behalfe; And that noe Officer of the Customes in England or Wales shall give any Warrant, or suffer any Sugar, Tobacco and other Plantation goods therein perticularly named to be carryed into any other Country or place whatsoever untill they have beene first bona fide unladen in England, as by the said AS doth more at large appeare. Notwithstanding which, some persons takeing advantage of the not mentioning the repealeing of the word Ireland in one Clause in an Act of Parlyament made in the twelfth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for the encourageing and encrease of Shiping and Navigation, where Bonds are direSed to be taken for all Shipps that shall lade any Sugar or other Comodities therein particularly mentioned in any of the said Plantations, That the same Comodities shall be by the said Shipp brought to some Port of England, Ireland, Wales or Towne or Port of Berwicke, and shall there unlode, and putt the same on shore, the said persons having either refused to give Bond for the returne of their Shipps in such case to England, Wales or Towne or Port of Berwicke onely, or haveing given such Bonds have neverthelesse gone with their Shipps to Ireland, By which meanes (although this Kingdome hath and doth dayly suffer a great prejudice by the transporting great numbers of the people thereof to the said Plantations for the peopleing of them) yet that the Trade of them would thereby in a great measure be diverted from hence, and carryed elsewhere, his Majestyes Customes and other Revenues much lessened, and this Kingdome not continue a Staple of the said Comodities of the said Plantations, nor that vent for the future of the Victuall and other native Commodities of this Kingdome; Bee it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid That the word Ireland shall from and after the twenty fowerth day of May in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seaventy one be left out of all such Bonds, which shall be taken for any Shipp or Vessel 1 which shall sett saile out of, or from England, Ireland, Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede for any English Plantation in America, Asia or Africa; And that in case the said Shipp or Vessell shall lode any of the said Commodities at any of the said English Plantations, That the said Commodities shall be by the said Shipp or Vessell brought to some Port of England or Wales, or to the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, and shall there unlode and putt on shore the same (the danger of the Seas onely excepted) and in like manner for all Shipps comeing from any other port or place to any of the aforesaid Plantations, who by the aforesaid AS for encouraging and encrease of Shipping are permitted to trade there; That from and after the nine and twentyeth day of September in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seaventy and one the Govemour of such English Plantations shall before such Shipp or Vessell be permitted to lode on board any of the said Commodities take Bond in manner,

and to the value mentioned and direSed in the above mentioned AS for the encourageing and encrease of

Shipping and Navigation for each respective Shipp or Vessell, That such Shipp or Vessell shall carry all the aforesaid Goods that be laden on board in the said Shipp to some other of his Majestyes English Plantations, or to England, Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, And that every such Shipp or Vessell which from and after the said nine and twentyeth day of September in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seaventy

and one shall lode, or take on board any of the said Commodities, untill such Bond given to such Govemour,

or Certificate produced from the Officers of some Custome house of England, Wales or of the Towne of Berwicke that such Bond hath beene there duely given, or which contrary to the Tenour of such Bond shall carry the

749

said Goods to any Land, Island, Territory, Dominion, Port or Place whatsoever, other then to such other English Plantations as doe belong to his Majestie his Heires and Successors, or to the Kingdome of England, Principality of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, and there lay the same on shore, That every such Shipp or P«»lty. Vessell shall be forfeited with all her Guns, Tackle, Apparell, Ammunition, Furniture and Ladeing, the one moyety to the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors, and the other moyety to him or them that shall seize and sue for the same in any of the said Plantations, in the Court of the High Admirall of England, or of any of his Vice-admiralls, or in any Court of Record in England, wherein noe Essoyne, Protection or Wager at Law shall be allowed.

And whereas many complaints have beene made of shipping and Vessells belonging to some of his Majestyes Collonies in America that contrary to the intent and meaneing of this and other aforementioned Lawes they have brought and transported the said Commodities to diverse parts of Europe and there unloded the same, Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Govemours or other Commanders in Cheife of his Majestyes respective Plantations doe once a yeare at least make a Retume to his Majestyes Officers of his Customes in the Port of London, or to such other person or persons as his Majestie shall appoint to receive the same a List of all such Shipps or Vessells as shall lade any of the said Chmodities in such Plantations respectively; as alsoe a List of all the Bonds taken by them; And in case any Shipp or Vessell belonging to any of his Majestyes Plantations, which shall have on board her any Sugars, Tobacco, Cotten Woole, Indicoes, Ginger Fusticke or other dying wood shall be found to have unladed in any port or place of Europe other then England, Wales, or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, That such Shipp or Vessell shall be forfeited with all her Guns, Tackell, Apparell, Ammunition, Furniture and ladeing to be recovered and divided as aforesaid. And that it shall and may be lawfull for any person or persons to prosecute such Shipp or Vessell in any Court of Admiralty in England, the one moyety of the forfeiture in case of condemnation to be to his Majestie his heires and successors, and the other moyety to such prosecutor or prosecutors thereof.

And lastly it is hereby enacted, and bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That Tangier shall not be deemed or taken to be a Plantation to his Majestie belonging in Asia, Africa or America within the intent or meaneing of this Act, or any of the aforementioned Acts soe as to enjoy any right, priviledge or benefitt of tradeing to, or from the said Plantations or any of them. Any Law, Ad, Usage or Declaration to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That this Act shall continue in force for nine yeares, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament and noe longer.

Governor* of American Plantations to return yearly to Custom-nouse in London a List of all Ships lading any Commodities therein, and also a List of Bonds taken.

Ships unlading Sugar, &c. in any Port except in England, to be forfeited.

VIII. Tangier not a Plantation within the Meaning of this Act.

IX.

Continuance of A

CHAPTER XXVEL (')

An Act for explaining of a Proviso conteyned in an Act, entituled An Act for setling the Profitts of ye Post-Office and Power of granteing Wine-Licences on His Royall Highnes ye Duke of Yorke and the Heyres Males of his Body.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the fifteenth yeare of His Majesties Raigne entituled, An Act for settling the Profitts of the Post Office, and Power of granting Wine Licences on His Royall Highnesse the Duke of Yorke, and the Heyres Males of his Body: It is amongst other things enacted, That all the Yearely Rents, Sume or Sumes of Money, Revenues, Issues, and Profitts whatsoever, that shall grow due, accrew, or be payable unto His Majesty his Heyres or Successors, for, or by reason of the Generali Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster Generali or annexed, incident, or belonging to the said Post-Office, or Generali Letter-Office, or Office of Postmaster Generali, or issueing out [of1] the same, or accrewing or growing due for, or by reason of the same, should be, and thereby were vested and settled upon James Duke of Yorke, and the Heyres Males of his Body begotten, or to be begotten, Neverthelesse with, and under this Provisoe, That it should and might be lawfull, for the Kings Majesty, his Heyres and Successors, at any time or times dureing the said Estate-Taile, by Warrant under his Privy Seale, to charge any Sume or severall Sumes of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sume of Five thousand, three hundred fourscore and two Pounds ten shillings, to be paid out of the Profitts of the Office of Postmaster Generali, to the which said Sume of Five thousand three hundred [fourescore*] and two Pounds ten shillings, the severall Sumes and Payments then already charged thereupon, did in the whole amount (The Grant of which Sumes were not to be avoided by the said Act) and which said Sumes of Money, not exceeding the said Sume of Five thousand three hundred fourescore and two Pounds ten shillings, to be granted by His Majesty, as aforesaid, were and should be by Authority of the said Act confirmed, and made in full force, as in and by the said Act more at large appeares. And whereas it was intended, that the Sumes of Money soe as aforesaid to be charged, should be annually paid though not soe expressed in the said Act, and the Sumes of Money charged upon the Profitts of the said Office, at the time of the making the said Act, were made payable yearly, and have been ever since accordingly answered, and yet neverthelesse some doubt is made, whither the said Sume of Five thousand three hundred fourscore and two Pounds ten Shillings can, or may be charged upon the Profitts of the said Office of Postmaster-Generall, as a continuing yearly payment.

0.«i.44.

Recital of

15 c. II. c. 14.$ 4.

f 9*

and that it was intended that the Sums therein mentioned should be paid yearly, and had been accordingly answered;

and yet Doubt was made whether the same could be charged as a continuing yearly Payment;

1 From the Original Act in the Parliament Office.

9 interlined.

9e

22° & 23° Car. II. c.27.

A.D. 1670 # 16?1.

ind whether any Grant thereof by the King could oe good during the Estate Tail.

The said Power declared to be a Power of charging the Profits of the Post Office with the said annual Payment, and that all former Grants thereof should be good against the Duke, &c.

II.

The said Profits not to be charged doubly.

and whither any Disposition Grant, or Assignement thereof, or of any part thereof heretofore made by IDs Majesty, can or may be good, and effectuall in Law, against the said James Duke of Yorke, and the Heyres Males of his Body, dureing the said Estate-Tayle by reason of the doubtfull penning of the said Act, Bee it therefore declared, and enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice, and Consent of the Lords Spiritual^ and Temporall and of the Comons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Sume of Five thousand three hundred fourescore and two Pounds ten Shillings in, and by the said AS allowed, to be charged upon the Profitts of the said Office, and the Power thereby given His Majesde, for charging the same is, and at the time of the said AS was intended, and soe for ever hereafter shalbe construed, and taken to be a Power of charging the Profitts of the said Office, with the annuall and perpetuall paym*. of Five thousand three hundred fourscore and two Pounds ten Shillings a yeare, And that all former Grants, Dispositions, or Assignments thereof, or of any part thereof, shalbe good and effectuall in Law, against the said James Duke of Yorke, and the Heyres Males of his Body begotten, and against all and every other person and persons, claiming by, from or under him them, or any of them, And such Grants Dispositions or Assignements thereof, or of any part thereof shalbe held, and enjoyed according to the Tenor, Effect, and Purport of the same. Any Doubt, or Question made, or to be made upon the penning of the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies, that nothing in this Act, or in any former Grant, Disposition, or Assignem1 of the said Sume of Five thousand three hundred fourescore and two Pounds ten Shillings, or any part thereof contained, shall extend to charge the Profitts of the said Office doubly, or with any other or greater Sumes, then the annuall and perpetuall payment of Five thousand three hundred fourescore and two Pounds ten Shillings, Any thing herein, or in any former Grant, made by His Majesty, to the contrary notwithstanding.

ITEM quseda Pedtiones, privatas personas concementes (in se forma Actus condnentes) exhibite fuerunt p*disto

Dmo Regi in Parliament predifto, quarii tituli subscribuntur.

i. An Act to enable Christopher Duke of Albemarle to reconvey severall Mannours and Lands mortgaged to George late Duke of Albemarle his father.

2. An Act to enable the Guardians of Charles Earle of Shrewsbury and John Talbot Esquire Infants to dispose of certaine Mannours Lands and Tenements for the benefitt of the said Infants.

3. An Act for confirmeing Agreements betweene the Lord Viscount of Stafford and his Lady, and their customary Tenants and Copy-holders.

4. An Act to enable the makeing Conveyances of part of the Estate of James Lord Norreys dureing his Minority.

5. An Act to enable Robert Lord Bishop of Bangor, and Isaac Lord Bishop of Saint Asaph, and their respective successors for ever, to lett for one and twenty yeares all Leade-Mines in their soyle.

6. An Act for impowering the executors and trustees of Henry late Lord Ingram, Viscount Irwin in the Kingdome of Scotland deceased to sell certaine Lands for the payment of debts and legacies.

7. An Act for granting to Sir Philip Howard and Francis Watson Esquire the sole use of a manufacture, art or invention for the benefit of shipping.

8. An Act to enable Francis Courtney Esquire to joyne with Sir William Courtney his father in a conveyance for setleing their estate.

9. An Act for the better payment of the debts of Sir Clifford Clifton Knight deceased, and raiseing portions for his daughters.

10. An Act for setleing an Agreement betweene Sir William Smith and Sir Thomas Hooke Baronets, German Poole and others.

11. An Act to enable the Daughters and Co-heires of Sir John Fitz-James to joyne in a sale of Lambs for payment of his debts.

12. An Act for the better explanation of an Act made in this present Parlyament, endtuled An Act for the makeing of the Church erected at Falmouth a Parish-Church, and noe part of the parish of Gluvias, or Chapefry of S' Budocke.

13. An Act to enable Elizabeth, Mary and Letitia Hammond to sell certaine Lands in the Bill mentioned.

14. An Act for the rectifying a mistake of Dates of Deeds mentioned in an Act [of Parliamentf] endtuled. An Act to enable John Bill Esquire to sell certaine Lands in Kent, and Surrey.

22° & 23° Car. II.

751

15. An Act for an exchange and sale of Lands for payment of the debts of Benedict Hall Esquire.

16. An Act for [the*] setleing the Mannour of Portswood and other Lands late of John Knight Gen? in the county, and towne and county of Southampton, in John Parker Sergeant at law, Mr William Morgan, and William Blennerhasset of London Gen?, to be sold for payment of debts.

17. An Act for vesting and setleing the fee simple of certaine Lands of his Majestie his heires and successors, which have beene taken into, and spoiled, by makeing new fortifications about the towne of Portsmouth.

18. An Act for explaining [of1] aprovisoe contained in an Act, entituled An Act for setleing the proffitts of the Post-Office, and power of granting Wine-Licences on his Royall Highnesse the Duke of Yorke, and the heires males of his body.

19. An Act for building Arundell-House, and the Tenements thereunto belonging.

ao. An Act to enable Charles Howard Esquire and Mary his wife to leavy a fine, and suffer a recovery of their estate in the Mannour of Darkeing.

a 1. An Act to enable Henry Booth Esquire to leavy Fines, and suffer Recoveries.

22. An Act to enable Sir Andrew Hacket Knight to setle a portion of money on Mary Hacket his daughter.

23. An Act for setleing the Mannour of Shabbington for payment of the debts of Sir William Clarke Baronet.

24. An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Mannours, Lands and Leases of Sir Thomas Ogle Knight, deceased, for raiseing a portion, and present maintenance for his daughter and heire, and payment of his debts.

25. An Act for improveing the Navigation betweene the Towne of Boston, and the River of Trent.

26. An Act for setleing and preserveing the Navigation of the River Wey in the County of Surrey.

27. An Act for uniteing the Vicarage and Parsonage of Rosse in the county of Hereford.

28. An Act for makeing the Mannour of Farisgarden a Parish and to enable the parishioners of Saint Saviours Southwarke to raise a maintenance for Ministers, and for repaire of theire Church.

29. An Act for sale of part of the Estate of Thomas Herlackenden Esquire, for satisfaction of a debt due to his Majestie.

30. An Act for setleing Lands, intended by John Sams for charitable uses.

1 interlined on the Roll.

( 752 )

Anno 25° CAROLI, II. A.D. 16T2.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by divers Prorogations and Adjournments Continued until the Twentieth Day of October,

In the TWENTY-FIFTH Year of the same King,

In the Tenth Session of the same Parliament.

€x i&otulo $arUamentf fte anno i&egni ftegts Carol! dccunDt,

fflieegimo quinto.

Jn PARLLAMENTO inchoal et tent apud Westm Octavo Die Maij Anno Dnii Millessimo Sezcentessimo sexagessimo primo Annoq^ Regni Serenissimi Dmi nri Caroli Secundi Dei Gra Anglie S€6e Francie et Hibinie Regis Fidei Defensor &c tertio-decimo et per diversas Prorogationes et Adjoumamenta usq> ad Vicesimu Die OSobris Anno di&i Dmi Regis Vicessimo quinto continual videlt in Dedma ejusdem Parliamenti Sessione. C5muni omniu Dominoru ta Spualiu qua Temporaliu et Comunitatis Consensu et Regie Majestatis Assensu (inter alia) sancita, ina&itata et stabilita fuerunt hec sequentia Statuta vi2t An Act for raising the Summe of Twelve hundred thirty eight thousand seaven hundred and fifty Pounds for supply of his Majesties extraordinary occasions Cujus quide tenor sequitur in hijs verbis

Hot. Pari. 25 C. //. nv. I*

CHAPTER L

Reasons for passing thisAa.

Grant of j£i,238,750.

to be raised within 18 Months, at the times, in manner, and on the Counties, &c. herein mentioned.

"TTTTEE Tour Majestyes most dutyfull and loyall Subjects the Comons assembled in Parliament acknowledging vv with all humility and thankfiilnes your Majesties abundant care for our preservation and being deepely sensible of that extraordinary charge and expence with which your Majesties present occasions are to be supported have chearfiilly and unanimously given and granted, and doe hereby give and grant unto your Most Excellent Majestie, the summe of Twelve hundred thirty eight thousand seaven hundred and fifty pounds, to be raised and leavyed in manner following. And doe humbly beseech your Majestie That it may be enacted and bee it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lord Spirituall and Temporall and of the Cdmons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the summe of twelve hundred thirty eight thousand seaven hundred and fifty pounds shall be raised leavyed and paid unto your Majestie within the space of eighteene moneths in manner following that is to say the summe of threescore and eight thousand eight hundred and nineteene pounds and nine shillings by the moneth for eighteene moneths begining from the fourth day of February One thousand six hundred seaventy and two shall bee assessed taxed collected leavyed and paid by six quarterly payments in the severall Counties Cittyes Burroughs Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the severall rates and proportions and in such manner as is hereafter expressed, that is to say For every moneth of the said eighteene moneths.

For the County of Bedford the summe of Eight hundred ninety six pounds seaventeene shillings and nine pence.

For the County of Berks the summe of One thousand one hundred thirty two pounds six shillings and seaven pence.

For the County of Bucks the summe of One thousand three hundred and fifteene pounds six shillings and five pence.

A.D. 16Y2.

25° Car. II. c. 1.

753

The County of Cambridge the summe of One thousand and twenty pounds

The Isle of Ely the summe of Three hundred forty nine pounds seaventeene shillings and eleaven pence.

The County of Chester with the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester the sume of eight hundred and one pounds five shillings and six pence.

The County of Cornwall the summe of One thousand five hundred and forty pounds eighteene shillings and three pence.

The County of Cumberland the sume of One hundred sixty eight pounds six shillings and one penny.

The County of Derby the summe of Eight hundred sixty two pounds eight shillings and sower pence.

The County of Devon the summe of Three thousand two hundred twenty nine pounds nineteene shillings and two pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Exon the sume of One hundred and sixteene pounds seaven shillings and sower pence.

The County of Dorsett the summe of One thousand three hundred forty sower pounds ten shillings and five pence.

The Towne and County of Poole the sume of ten pounds nineteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Durham the summe of three hundred twenty three pounds sixteene shillings and nine pence.

The County of Yorke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke and Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull the summe of Three thousand sower hundred sixty nine pounds five shillings and two pence.

The County of Essex the summe of Three thousand ninety eight pounds eight shillings and ten pence.

The County of Gloucester the summe of One thousand eight hundred and eight pounds ten shillings and

three pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester the summe of thirty nine pounds and eight shillings.

The County of Hereford the summe of One thousand one hundred thirty one pounds thirteene shillings and sower pence.

The County of Hertford the summe of One thousand three hundred forty five pounds sixteene shillings [and1] three pence.

The County of Huntington the summe of six hundred thirty three pounds fowerteene shillings and two pence.

The County of Kent with the Citty and County of the Citty of Canterbury the summe of three thousand three hundred twenty six pounds eighteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Lancaster the summe of One thousand and six pounds thirteene shillings and six pence.

The County of Leicester the summe of One thousand eighty sower pounds fowerteene shillings and three

pence.

The County of Lincolne with the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne the summe of Two thousand five hundred seaventy five pounds two shillings.

The Citty of London with the Liberty of Saint Martins le Grand the summe of Five thousand ninety one pounds eleaven shillings and sower pence.

The County of Midlesex with the Citty and Liberty of Westminster the summe of two thousand two hundred and forty pounds ten shillings.

The County of Monmouth the summe of Three hundred and ninety pounds.

The County of Northampton the summe of One thousand sower hundred and thirteene pounds eighteene shillings and two pence.

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the summe of eight hundred seaventy three pounds and eight shillings.

The County of Norffolke the summe of three thousand three hundred seaventy pounds and twelve shillings.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Norwich the summe of One hundred and eighty pounds.

The County of Northumberland with the Townes of Newcastle and Berwicke upon Tweede the summe of Three hundred seaventy two pounds fifteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Oxon the summe of Eleaven hundred thirty five pounds ten shillings and eight pence.

The County of Rutland the summe of Two hundred and forty pounds eight shillings and eleaven pence.

The County of Salop the summe of One thousand two hundred and three pounds fowerteene shillings and

two pence.

The County of Stafford the summe of Eight hundred fifty two pounds eleaven shillings and eight pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Litchfeild the summe of thirteene pounds.

The County of Somersett the summe of Two thousand seaven hundred seaventy one pounds ten shillings and

eight pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll the summe of One hundred ninety nine pounds eight shillings and sower pence.

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and the Isle of Weight the summe of Two thousand one hundred eighty nine pounds eight shillings and eight pence.

The County of Suffolke the summe of Three thousand two hundred ninety eight pounds ten shillings and eight pence.

The County of Surrey with the Burrough of Southwarke the summe of One thousand five hundred ninety seaven pounds and two pence.

The County of Sussex the summe of One thousand eight hundred twenty one pounds seaven shillings and nine pence.

1 0. omits.

9f

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1672.

H.

Commissioners

named.

The County of Warwicke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Corentry the tumme of One thousand one hundred ninety two pounds eight shillings and nine pence.

The County of Worcester the summe of One thousand fifty three pounds and nineteene shillings.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester the summe of fifty five pounds nine shillings and six pence.

The County of Wilts the summe of One thousand nine hundred sixty six pounds seaventeene shillings and seaven pence.

The County of Westmerland the summe of One hundred and sixteene pounds.

The Isle of Anglesey the summe of One hundred twenty five pounds thirteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Brecknocke the summe of Two hundred eighty two pounds ten shillings and five pence halfe penny.

The County of Cardigan the summe of One hundred and five pounds fifteene shillings and nine pence halfe penny.

The County of Carmarthan the summe of Two hundred seaventy two pounds six shillings and eight pence.

The County of Carnarvan the summe of One hundred forty six pounds twelve shillings and two pence.

The County of Denbigh the summe of Two hundred twenty three pounds ten shillings and seaven pence.

The County of Flint the summe of One hundred and eighteene pounds seaventeene shillings and sower pence.

The County of Glamorgan the summe of Three hundred seaventy eight pounds seaventeene shillings and ten pence.

The County of Merioneth the summe of One hundred pounds sixteene shillings and one penny.

The County of Mountgomery the summe of Two hundred seaventy six pounds twelve shillings and two pence.

The County of Pembrooke the summe of Three hundred twenty six pounds and ten shillings.

The County of Radnor the summe of One hundred seaventy sower pounds six shillings and eight pence.

The Towne of Haverford-West the summe of Fifteene pounds three shillings and five pence.

And bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That all and every the persons hereafter named shall be Chmissers of and for the severall and respective Countyes, Cittyes, Burroughes, Townes and Places hereafter named, that is to say.

[Bedford1]

For the County of Bedford William Russell Esquire Sir George Carteret Vice-Chamberlaine Sir John Duncombe Chauncellour of his Majestyes Exchequer, Charles Leigh Esquire, Sir John Cotton Sir John Nappier Sir Roger Burgoyne Sir Thomas Alston Sir Anthony Chester Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Humphrey Monox Sir Saint John Charnocke Sir Stephen Anderson Sir William Gostwicke Baronets, Sir William Fleetewood Sir William Palmer Sir John Huxley Sir William Beecher Sir George Blundell Sir Clement Arminger Sir Francis Wingate Knights, Pawlet S' John Oliver Luke John de la Fountaine Francis Crawley Witt Duncombe Witt Palmer Thomas Palmer Thomas Browne William Dyer John Osborne Humphrey Monox Villars Charnocke Richard Stone S* John Thompson William Boteler Thomas Snag John Keeling John Vaux William Spencer John Alston John Copin Francis Wingate William Gerey William Francklin Francis Dive Walter Carey George Wyan Gaius Squire James Mountague Humphrey Fish John Neele John Cockayne John Ventris Robert Crompton Robert Awdley Samuell Bedford Mathew Denton Mathew Dennis Richard Orliber Jasper Edwards Esquiers.

[For the Towne of Bedford1]

The Maior of Bedford for the time being William Russell Esquire Sir John Napier Sir Humphrey Winch Sir William Beecher Pawlet Saint John (*) John Gardiner William Foster Esquiers Thomas Christy Simon Becket Robert Beverley John Beaumont William Scott Thomas Fitzhugh Crawley Richard Elmes John Cobb John

Spencer Francis Becket and John Becket Gentlemen.

[Berks*]

For the County of Berks Henry Earle of Sterling of the Kingdome of Scotland Charles Earle of Ancram of the Kingdome of Scotland Henry Viscount Cornbury Sir George Carteret Knight Vice-Chamberlaine to his Majestie Thomas Howard Esquire Sir Humphrey Forrester Sir George Stonehouse Sir Henry Henn Sir George Pratt Sir Francis Wenman Sir Richard Braham Sir Thomas Draper Sir Anthony Craven Sir William Rich Sir Cecile Bishop Sir Thomas Clerges Sir Edward Fettiplace Sir Edward Hobby Baronets Sir Richard Powle Knight of the Bath Sir Edmond Sawyer Sir Robert Pye Sir William Armorer Sir William Craven Sir Thomas Dolman Sir John Davis Sir John Elwes Sir Richard Bishop Sir Richard Harrison Knights Humphrey Hyde senior Richard Nevill Edward Manfeild William Barker Peregrine Hobby Robert Packer William Chiffinch Richard Aldworth Edmund Fetdplace James Bridgman Thomas Vachell Thomas Fettiplace George Fettyplace John Harrison William Wilmott Francis Piggot Edward Keate Henry Barker Henry Murray John Biagrave John Kingsmill John Stonehouse Hungerford Dunch Edmond Fettyplace Edmond Wiseman William Lovelace William Trumball Henry Proctor William Nelson Humphry Hyde junior John Finch Paul Calton William Barker of Hurst Major Dunch William Ball Roger Draper William Hussey Charles Garret John Southby John Powney senior William Kendrick Phillip Jemmot Phillip Weston Thomas Holt Thomas Staples Richard Lightfoote Esquiers William Offley Charles Perrot Doctors of Law Hugh Parker Francis Hungerford Doctors of Phisicke John Whitwick Robert Leigh Michaell Mallet Hartgill Baron John Hersey William Tailor William Smith James Smith Simon Smith Francis Ridley Charles Whitacre

1 0. omits.

* Esq 0.

A.D. 1672.

25° Car. II. c. 1.

755

Richard Brickenden William Hamersly Richard Southby Francis Peacocke George Blagrave John Peacocke Nicholas Hyde Thomas Southby William Langton John Due James Heron Captaine Charles Gerrard Captaine Henry Barker John Powney junior Richard Lovelace Roger Knight Nathan Knight Charles Perce Richard Palmer Bartholimew Tate Esquiers The Maior of Reading for the time being The Maior of Abingdon for the time being The Maior of Windsor for the time being The Maior of Wallingford for the time being The Maior of Newbury for the time being.

[Bucks*]

For the County of Bucks Charles Earle of Ancram in the Kingdome of Scotland Phillip Lord Wenman Viscount Tuam in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Thomas Tyrrell Sir John Burlace Sir Anthony Chester Sir Thomas Proby Sir William Bowyer Sir William Smith Sir Ralph Varney Sir William Drake Sir Henry Andrews Sir John Croke Sir Humphry Winch Sir Thomas Leigh Sir Edmond Pye Knights and Barronets Sir Richard Temple Sir William Terringham Sir Richard Ingoldesby Sir Robert Gayer Knights of the Bath Sir Francis Wainman Sir Richard Napier Sir Richard Piggot Sir Henry Herbert Sii John Dormer Sir Thomas Clayton Sir Robert Croke Sir Thomas Clerges Sir Peter Tyrrell Sir [Burbecke *] Temple Sir John Trevor Knights James Herbert Daniell Finch Edward Manfeild Charles Cheney Esquires Thomas Waller Edward Baldwin Edmund Waller senior Edmund Waller junior William Penn Edmund West Brett Norton Thomas Hackett John Duncombe of Great Brick William Lane Robert Lovett Richard Barringer Thomas Butler William Sergeant junior Edward Nicholas Thomas Ferrer senior Cesar Wood late Cranmer John Risley Knigtley Purefoy Roger Price Thomas Napier Edmund Hampden John Whiterong Thomas Saunders of Hadnum Francis Ingoldesby Edmund Darrell George Russell Richard Winwood Richard Grinvile Sir Roger Hill Sir Dennis Hampson Baronet Bud Wayes Richard Hambden Bazill Brent William Hill Thomas Farrer junior James Lowe Thomas Stafford Edward Backwell Robert Tompson Bernard Tourney Christopher Eyeton Francis Tyrringham Robert Dormer John Loggings George Wyan William Clever William Abraham Nicholas Salter junior Henry Seamore Captaine Robert Stiles John Grub John Greene Henry Alnot William Bowyer George Gosnell Thomas Owen Andrew Duffeild Edmund Medlicot Marmaduke Dorrell Edmond Varney Esq* Edmond Dorrell [Esq*] William Coleing [Esq1] Dudley Reuse John Dormer Esquier John Burlace.

[Towne of Buckingham']

The Towne of Buckingham The Bayliffe for the time being Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir William Smith Baronet John Risley [Esq3] Edmond Varney Esquier Edward Andrews Gentleman John Turner Edmond Dorrell Esquiers Hugh Ethersay George Dancer John Rogers Pelham Sandwell Walter Araott John Grove.

[Towne of Wickombe']

For the Towne of Wickombe Richard Lucas Maior Edward Bedder senior Samuell Wells Edward Humphrey Jonathan Randall Alexander Parnham Henry Bigg Edward Beddar junior Thomas Davis Aldermen William Hawkins William Kempe Gentlemen.

[Cambridge']

For the County of Cambridge Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Charles North [KrSt3] Sir Thomas Chichley Knight Sir Thomas Hatton Sir Robert Cotton John Cotton Sir Thomas Willis Sir Lovinus Bennet Sir George Downing Baronets Sir Thomas Wendy Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Cotton [Kftts] Sir Francis Dayrell Knight John Millecent Samuell Fortrey Gerrard Russell Geoffrey Nightingale Humphry Gardner William Layer Thomas Duckat Roger Pepys Mildmay Dowman Tyrrell Dalton William Ayloffe George Pike Thomas Buck Devereux Martin Edward Pickering Roger Jenyns Henry Slingsby [Esq3] Humphry Weld Esquier

[University and Towne of Cambridge*]

For the University and Towne of Cambridge The Vicechauncellour of the University of Cambridge for the time being, The Maior of the Towne of Cambridge for the time William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Thomas Chichley Knight one of his Majesties most Honourable Privy Councell James Duport James Fleetewood Theophilus Dillingham Doctors of Divinity Robert King Doctor of Lawes Thomas Crouch Clement Nevill Thomas Page Robert Pepys Esquiers John Herring Nathaniell Crabb Edward Lawe Phillip Williams George Farwell and John Hunt Aldermen of Cambridge Samuell Moody Sir Thomas Slater Baronet Thomas Stephens Doctor of Divinity Edward Stoyt Doctor of Phisicke Nicholas Jacob Esq

[Isle of Ely *]

For the Isle of Ely Robert Mapletoft Doctor of Divinity and Deane of Ely Edward Partridge Esq Lawrence Woomocke Doctor of Divinity Henry Hitch Doctor of Lawes Thomas Steward Charles Wren William March Thomas Towers John Childe [Sir3] John Norton Thomas Dockwray Henry Brunsell Doctor of Lawes Thomas Wrenn Archdeacon of Ely William Holder Richard Marryot Esquiers Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Lyonell Walden [Kilt3] Sir Robert Sewster Knight William Colvile Peter Diamond Robert Balaam Thomas Edwards Michaell Holman Anthony Fisher Anthony Buckworth Roger Jenings Mathias Taylor Richard Reede John Fincham Hugh Underwood Anthony Hammond Peter Dyamond Gentlemen George Farewell [Esq*] William Wrenn Esquier

756

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D.\6*12.

[Chester *]

For the County of Chester Robert Lord [Chalmoundley *] William Lord Brereton Thomas Needham [Esq*1] Henry Booth Esquier Sir Thomas Wilbraham (4) Sir Thomas [Deles5] Sir Willoughby Ashton (6) Sir Thomas Powell (6) Sir ThomaB Smith (6) Sir George Warburton (6) Sir Thomas Mainwaring (6) Sir Peter Leicester (6) Sir Richard Brooke (6) Sir William Standley (6) Sir Peter Standley (6) Sir John Bellolt (6) Sir Peter Pindar (6) Sir Robert Duckenfeild [Baronets6] Sir Robert Cotton (7) Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley (7) Sir Peter Brooke (7) Sir John Booth (7) Sir Foulke Lucy (7) Sir John Ardern (7) Sir Phillip Egerton (7) Sir John Trevour [Knights7] Peter Venables Baron of Kinderton John Crew of Crew Esq* Collonell Thomas Leigh (8) Henry Leigh (•) Richard Leigh (•) Nathaniell Booth (•) Thomas [Cholmondsey9] John Crew (*) Roger Wilbraham (*) Somerford 01dfeild(8) William Marbury (*) Robert Venables (*) William Venables (8) Thomas Daniell (8) John Daniell (8) George Vernon (#) Thomas Leigh the Younger of Adlington (8) Thomas I-eigh of Lime (§) Randall Dod (8) Roger Wilbraham of Townsend (8) William Davenport of Woodford (8) Ralph Wilbraham (8) Richard Walthall (8) Edward Glegg(8) John Starkey (8) Thomas Moston (8) Henry Bunbury (*) Jonathan Braen (8) Thomas Leigh (*) Henry Brooke (8) John Leech (8) Thomas Dutton of Hatton (8) John Hurlston (8) William Brocke (8) Edward Swettenham (8) Thomas Tatton (*) Henry Mainwaring (*) Edward Leigh (8) Thomas Minshall (*) Peter Wilbraham (*) Thomas Smethwicke (8) Edmund Jawdrell (8) Thomas Aldersey (8) Anthony Eyre [Esquiers.8]

[Citty of Chester1]

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester The Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Smith Baronet William Williams Esq* Recorder William Ince [Alderman5] Richard Taylor Alderman William Street Alderman Richard Bird Alderman George Booth Esq, John Brerewood (8) Ralph Whitly (8) James Bradshaw [Esquiers8] Collonell Werden Edward Hubwicke (8) Nathaniell Williamson (8) Kendricke Gaton [Esquiers*] Mr Alderman Lloyd Mr Gowen Hudson Mr Alderman Maddocke Mr Alderman Simpson Mr Alderman Murrey Mr Robert Gregg.

[Cornwallf]

For the County of Cornwall Robert Roberts John Arundell (8) Hender Roberts [Esquiers8] Sir Boucher Wrey Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir Jonathan Trelawney (6) Sir John Carew (6) Sir Violl Viveon (6) Sir John Coryton (6) Sir William Godolphin [Baronets6] Sir Richard Edgecombe (7) Sir John Aubin [Knights7] Sir Nicholas Slaning Knight of the Bath Sir Peter Killigrew (7) Sir John Arundell (7) Sir James Smith (7) Sir Walter Moyle [Knights7] Sir William Morris Baronet Sir Joseph Tredinham Knight Hugh Buscowen (8) Bernard Green vile (8) William Courtney (8) Charles Trevanian (8) Francis Buller (8) John Buller (8) John Speccot (8) John Tanner (8) Jonathan Raishley (8) senior Jonathan Raishley junior (8) John Trelawney senior (8) John Trelawney junior (8) John Elliot (8) Edmond Predeux [Esquiers*] John Predeux Gentleman ofPadslowe John Tregagle Esq* Nathaniell Moyle Gen! John Harris (8) William Scawen (8) John Coriton (8) William Bond (8) Walter Langden senior (8) Walter Langden junior (8) Edward Buscowen (8) Edward Herle (8) Thomas Cooke (8) Nicholas Glinn (8) Thomas Herle (8) James Pride (8) John Connocke (8) John S' Aubin (8) John Nichols (8) of Trewane Thomas Dorrell [Esquiers1] John Nicholas of Litlewood Gentleman Arthur Fortescue (8) John Vivean (8) Thomas Vivean (8) Joseph Saule (8) William Mohun senior (8) William Mohun junior [Esquie rs ] Hanniball Buggin (,0) Lewis Tremayne (’°) Colan Blewet (lo) John Blight [Gentlemen10] Francis Basset Esq* John Rashley (,0) Robert Hoblin (,0) Thomas Robinson (lo) Richard Erisey (,0) Christopher Harris [Gentlemen10] John Molesworth (8) Humphry Courteny (*) Charles Buscowen (8) Robert Scawen (*) Thomas Waddon (*) William Ascott (8) Edward Noseworthy [Esquiers*] John Polewheele Gent John Penrose (M) Edmond Prideaux (8) William Godolphin (*) Sydney Godolphin [Esquiers*] Sir John Godolphin Knight Arthur Spry (8) Edward Elliot [Esquiers8] Thomas Piper (,0) John Kelly (IO) Thomas Kelly of Trewint (,c) Richard Pendrees (lo) Hugh Trewanian (lo) George Spry (,0) Nathaniell Trewaneon ('°) John Howell (*°) Ezekiell Arundell Gent Walter Kendall (8) Hugh Smith [Esquiers8] JohnBattersby (lo) Charles Grills (IO) Francis Grills (,0) Francis Calmady [Gentlemen10] Humphry Noy (8) Edward Harris (*) Nicholas Courtney [Esquiers8] Renold Hawley Gen! Thomas Achim (8) William Panter [Esquiers8] Michaell Hill of Wendron Gen! John Camsew (8) Samuell Ennis (8) Thomas Trifrey [Esquiers8] Anthony Chenoweth (,0) Francis Burges (IO) John Silly (,0) Richard Tippat (,0) Thomas Carew [Gentlemen10] Christopher Billet (8) Humphrey Burlace [Esquiers8] Samuell Langford (,0) Walter Vincent (lo) John Verman (*°) Humphry Lower (,0) James Robbins Gent Francis Lutterell (8) James Erisey Esq* The Maior of Truro for the time being The Maior of Leskeard for the time being The Maior of Bodmin for the time being. John Arundell of Dewlow Gen! Mr Phillip Mayow of Bray senior Mf Phillip Mayow juuior Thomas Benhallow Esqs Nicholas Sprey Gent John Barret of Killegreene Richard Williams Gen! John Williams Gen! Able French Gen! John Peirce of Dewstow Gen! Joseph Hawke Geni John Newman Gen! John Tamlin Gen! William Beall Gen! Thomas Hicks of Paule Gent Richard Martin of Sl Nyot Mr Martin of Tallond Mr Martin of S' Gennes John Kendall Esq* Ambrose Mannerton Gen! Humphrey Lansford Gen! Samuell Roll Esq* Charles Trevanean of Tregoes Esq*.

[Cumberland']

For the County of Cumberland Edward Lord Morpeth sonne and heire apparent to Charles Earle of Carlisle Sir Phillip Musgrave Baronet Sir Richard Greyham Baronet Sir William Dalston Baronet Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther senior Sir John Lowther junior Sir Edward Musgrave Baronets Sir Thomas Dacre Sir Wilfrid Lawson Sir Phillip Howard Sir George Dalston Sir John Dalston Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir Joseph Williamson Knights John Lamplugh Esq* Daniell Fleming Esq* William Layton Esq* Christopher Blencow Esq* William Musgrave Esq* John Alyonby Esq* Thomas Denton Esq* Richard Tolson Esq* Andrew Hubleston Esq* Robert Cobly Esq* Richard

1 O. omits. * Cholmondley. »interlined on the Roll. 4 Bamt 0. 5 Delves Barron1 O.

8 Barron1 0. ? Kn* 0. 8 Esq 0. ® Cholmondsley Esq 0. 10 Gen! 0.

25° Car. II. c. I.

757

Musgrave Esq^ Thomas Warwicke Esq* Richard Patrickson Esqs Fardinando Hudleston Esq* Richard Lamplugh Esq* John Clarke Esq* Christopher Richmond Esq* William PEnington Esqs Bernard Kerkbride Esq* Edward Stanley Esqs Miles Pennington Esqs William Fenwicke Esquire Leonard Dykes Esq* Nicholas Foster Esq* The Maior of Carlisle for the time being William Feilding Esq* [Wilfrod *] Lawson Esq* John Leubons Esq* Henry Fletcher Esqs.

[Derby 4]

For the County of Derby Henry Earle of Ogle sonne and heire apparent to William Duke of Newcastle, William Lord Cavendish sonne and heire apparent to William Earle of Devonshire, Sir John Gell Baronet High Sheriffe of the County of Derby. Anchetill Grey Esq* Sir Francis Lee Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Sherley Sir Francis Rhodes Sir Thomas Greisley Sir Francis Burdet Sir John Harpur Sir John Curson Sir Robert Coke Sir Henry Ivery Sir William Boothsby Baronets Sir John Harpur Sir Samuell Sleigh Sir Gilbert Clarke Sir Simeon Degge Sir John Shore Knights John Ferrers German Poole John Coke Charles Agard George Vernon Henry Cavendish Robert Coke John Munday Henry Milward William Fitzherbert Charles Cotton William Sacheverell Henry Gilbert Walter Horton Gilbert Thacker Francis Leeke Robert Eyre William Eyre of Holme Nicholas Wilmot John Shalcrosse Ravell Ashenhurst Francis Mennell Thomas Milward Henry Kendall Edward Abney Henry Wigfall James Abney Adrian Munday John Low of Accasley John Low of Denby Cornelius Clerke Edward Pegg Francis Barker William Wright George Savill John Moorewood William Bage John Spateman junior Esquiers Lawrence Sleigh William Hopkinson John Smithson John Wigley Robert Heywood Robert Mower Gervas Reynor Gens MT Hugh Bateman Mr William Allestry Mr Henry Meller Mr Edward Osborne The Maior of Derby for the time being Mr Humphrey Yates Mr John Brackhouse Mr Edward Walker Aldermen Mr Edward Walker Mr Samuell Goodwin Mr Joseph Parker Policarpus Dakin Doctor in Phisicke Mr James Ward The Maior of Chesterfeild for the time being Richard Clerke Thomas Britland James Milns Aldermen Mr George Backwell John Dalton Esq* Robert Wandall Alderman Mr Andrew Clayton John Every Esq* John Stanhope Alexander Stanhope of [Elveston1] Henry Keyes Francis Revell William Milward junior Walter Wolsley Esquiers Samuell Holden Thomas Eyre Councellours at Law.

[Devon1]

For the County of Devon Edward Seymour Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons Arthur Earle of Dunnigall Sir George Cartwright Vice-Chamberlaine of his Majestyes Household Sir William Morrice one of his Majestyes Privy Councell Sir Edward Seymour Sir Peter Predeaux Sir Henry Hele Sir George Chidleigh Sir Ames Pollard Sir Francis Drake Sir Courtney Poole Sir Coplestone Bampfeild Sir John Northcott Sir John Davye Sir William Courtney Sir Hugh Acland Sir Edmond Fowell Sir John Drake Sir William Morrice Sir Thomas Carew Sir Nicholas Slaning Baronets Sir John Rolle Sir Richard Edgecombe Sir Edward Wise Sir Henry Vane Knights of the Bath Sir Peter Fortescue Barronet Sir Henry Carew Sir William Strode [Sir4] Robert Cary Sir John Mainard Sir Peter Ball Sir James Smith Sir John Mallet Sir Thomas Carew Sir William Waldron Sir Thomas Bury Sir Henry Ford Knights Peter Predeaux John Poole John Fowell Arthur Northcott Samuell Rolle John Rolle Francis Drew Robert Fortescue Richard Strode Arthur Harris John Harris Nicholas Dennis Richard Duke Edmond Waldron William Bragg Josias [Galmady5] John Tanner John Chichester of Hall John Frye Egidion Hey don John Crocker William Savery Mathew Halse John Gifford of Brightley Esquier Edward Yard John Kelland Henry Northley Samuell Sentall John Tuckfeild Richard Hillersdon Samuell Tanner Thomas Were Richard Lee John Cuichester of Woodwortley John Reymond Elias Bartlet senior Leonard Yeo John Drake of Ivye Bridge Edmond Prideaux of Ford Jonathan Prideaux Henry Stevens James Clifford William Bastard John Bere of Berescomb Roger Pomeroy William Bruton Bartholomew Gidley John Blewet Arthur Bury John Hale John Giffard Roger Wallocombe Sebastian Isaac James Huish Edward Yard of Tresbery Edward Lovett Lewis Ingleton John Courtney Aaron Baker John Hore Sir Thomas Higgon James Rode Nicholas Heydon Peter Holwell Bamfeild Rode Mathew Hele John Vaughan William Bogan Thomas Reynoll Henry Frye John Arscot Arthur Tremeane Henry Walter William Kelley Phillip Champernon Shelston Calmady Walter Elford Thomas Pine Jonathan Sparke William Jenings Thomas Poyntington Phillip Shapcott Henry Carew Thomas Hele Anthony Salter James Calwoodley Esquiers, The High Sherilfe of the said County for the time being. The Maiors of Totnes Bamestaple Plymouth Dartmouth and Tiverton for the time being John Davy of Cannontin Rawlin Mallock Henry Worth Thomas Bere John Coish Esquiers George Southcout of Dulcehays Gens Phillip Harris of Torrington Esq* John Harris of Wortham Esq* Phillip Harris of Sto'/ford Gens Richard Coffin John Quick Edward Greenwood of Bredsborn

[Exon4]

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Exon The Maior for the time being Sir Peter Ball Recorder Sir James Smith Knight Robert Walker Esq* Sir Thomas Carew Knight Sir John Mallet Knight The Sheriffe for the time being Alderman Butler Major Thomas Walker Alderman Isaac Alderman Samford John Bidgood Doctor of Phisick John Fowell Esq* Edmond Davye Doctor of Phisicke Major Hadyedote Isaac Maudit Captaine Glyde Samuell Issaac Towne Clerke.

9G

758

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1672

[Dorset1]

For the County of Dorset John Lord Digby sonne and heire apparent to George Earle of Bristoll Anthony Lord Ashley sonne and heire apparent to Anthony Earle of Shaftsbury Lord High Chauncellour Sir Hugh Wyndham Knight one of his Majestyes Justices of the Common Pleas Michaell Harvey Esq^ High Sheriffe Sir Francis Holies Baronet Sir John Moreton Baronet Sir William Portman Baronet Sir Gerrard Napper Baronet Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir Ralph Banks Knight Giles Strangwayes Esq> Sir John Strode Knight Sir Nathaniell Napper Knight Sir Winston Churchill Knight Sir Roger Cuttens Knight Thomas Freake Esq> John Strangwayes Esq> John Tregonwell of Milton Esqs John Tregonwell of Anderston Esqs Thomas Browne Esqs Edward Miller Esqs Samuell Hobbs Esq> James Long Esqs William Strode Esqs Humphrey Bishop Esqv Humphrey Welde Esq> George Fulford Es% Collonell Francis Wyndham Robert Napper Esqs William Uvedall Esq> Robert Culleford Esq^ John Ryves Esc^ William Okeden Robert Coker Thomas Baynard George Browne Henry Eynes Mathew Davyes Henry Whittaker William Thomas John Hoskins Robert Williams John Bennet Thomas Turbervill John Churchill George Rives Richard Fowens John Michell Henry Butler George Savage Robert Browne John Lawrence Audley Grey Robert Teymbur Maximilian Mohun Francis Mohun George Trenchard John Still William Boules John Trenchard John Gould John Ironside Hugh Hodges John Harden Anthony Ettricke Henry Henley of Coleway William Floyer Nathaniell Heymour Thomas Chafe John Jeffris Charles Brewen Thomas Hussey of Edmonsham Georg Strangwayes Bonham Strangwayes Hubert Arnole George Stile Thomas Gallop John Gallop Seymour Bowman Nathaniell Bond John Hardey Richard Greene Robert Lewer William Churchill William Collier Esquiers.

[Poole1]

For the Towne and County of Poole Anthony Lord Ashley Sir John Moreton Baronet Thomas Strangways Esqs Nicholas Efford Maior Anthony Ettrich Esq^ Recorder Robert Lewen Gen! Moses Durell Robert Clewes Edward Mann William Orchard John Curtis Henry Jubbar Isaac Hart Merchants.

[Palatine of Durham. *]

For the County Palatine of Durham The Right Honourable Charles Lord S‘ John of Basing Sir Francis Goodrick Temporall Chauncellour Doctor Burwell Chauncellour of the Diocesse of Durham Sir Christopher Conyers Sir Ralph Cole Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir James Clavering Sir James Pennyman Sir Robert Eden Baronets Sir George Vane Sir Francis Anderson Sir Francis Bowes Sir Ralph Delavall Knights James Darcey Henry Lambton John Tempest Collonell William Blakeston Thomas Craddock William Bellases Richard Neile Nicholas Conyers Humphrey Wharton Ralph Carre Cuthbart Carre Robert Wharton Ralph Davison John Jefferson William Davison Lieutenant Collonell Bellises Major Baker Isaac Basire John Morland Thomas Foster George Morland Daniell Collingwood Collonell Stother [Esqrs1] Miles Stapilton Thomas Wright Thomas Carnaby Esquiers [Major Christian *] The Maior of the Citty of Durham for the time betag Mr Alderman Hall Mr Alderman Hodson Captatae Henry Barnes Mr Anthony Wharton M1 William Deacon Mr Robert Roper Mr George Mires Mr Thomas Ellyot Walter Etherick [Gent *] Robert Jackson of Stockton Cooke of Stockton William Atkinson of Stockton Gentlemen.

[Essex1]

For the County of Essex Sir Harbotle Grimstone Baronet Master of the Rolls Sir Edward Turner Lord Cheife Baron of the Exchequer Robert Berty Charles Mildmay Richard Barret Banistre Mainard Esquiers Sir John Bartagton Knight and Baronet Sir John Bendish Sir Henry Apleton Sir William Ayloffe Sir William Hicks Sir Andrew Jenour Sir William Wiseman Sir Richard Everard Sir Martin Lumley Sir Thomas Nightingale Baronets Sir Capell Luckin Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Abdy Knight and Baronet Sir John Abdy Baronet Sir William Wiseman Knt & Bart [Sir Edward Smith1] Baronet Sir James Altham Sir John Brampston Knights of the Bath Sir John Tyrrell Knight Sir Thomas Bowes Knight Sir Cranmer Herris Knight Sir Henry Clerke Knight Sir Anthony Browne Knight Sir Richard Wiseman Knight Sir Mondeford Brampston Knight one of the Masters in Chauncery Sir John Shaw Knight Sir Richard Everard Knight Sir Francis Leeke Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Litleton Baronet Sir William Glascocke Knight one of the Masters in Chauncery Sir Thomas Fanshaw Knight Sir William Hicks Knight Francis Bramston Sergeant at Law Richard Summer Thomas Meade Peter Seame Esquiers Sir Robert Smith Sir John Tyrrell Baronets Thomas Argoll Oliver Reymond John Symonds William Glascocke John Tyndall Tristram Conyers Thomas Luther Esquiers Sir Eliah Harvey Knight William Maynard Esqs Sir John James Knight Sir William Holecroft Knight Sir James Rushout Baronet John Wroth Thomas Turner William Umphrevill Thomas Roberts William Appleton John Berners Robert Clerke John Turner Richard Kirkby Thomas Cheeke Edward Bullocke Carew Harvey Mildmay Stephen Smith Robert Mildmay Henry Whight Samuell Hare Francis Osbiston William Palmer Esquiers Sir James Norffolke Knight Sergeant at Arms Cuthbert Martin Esqs Thomas Talcott Henry Ayloffe Zachariah Gee Esquiers George James Thomas King William Harris Gentlemen Giles Dent Esqs Sir Phillip Mathews Baronet Sir Thomas Garret Baronet Sir Edward Turner junior Knight Sir Edward Farmer Knight Richard Staines William Gore Samuell Grim8ton Charles Hancocke Anthony Knightbridge Esquiers Jeremiah Lacey William Wade Samuell Reynolds Richard Collins Gentlemen Edward Pascall William Coney John Rotheram George Scot Nicholas Rotheram Richard Lightfbote Thomas Bland Esquiers Richard Rudge Thomas Cullam Robert Cole Gentlemen John Lemot Honeywood Thomas Bowes Richard Luther Henry Dawtree John Marshall George Walton James Milboum William Ltagwood Francis Gardner Henry Southcott Esquiers.

25° Car. II. c. 1.

759

[Colchester1]

Tor the Towne of Colchester The Maior for the time being Sir Harbotle Grimstone Baronet Master of the Rolls Sir John Shaw Knight Recorder of the said Towne Sir Mondeford Brampstone Knight John Shaw Esq* Thomas Talcott Henry Lambe Esquiers Aldermen of the said Towne William More Gen? Samuell Reynolds Esqs Joseph Thurston Gent.

[Maldon *]

For the Towne of Maldon Ihe Bayliffes for the time being Francis Goumey Anthony Gradano Mr Simcfnds Gen? Aldermen of the said Towne,

[Harwich1]

For the Towne of Harwich The Maior for the time being Sir Capell Luckin Baronet Samuell Newton Thomas King Thomas Langley Daniell Smith John Rosse Gen?

[Gloucester*]

For the County of Gloucester Charles Lord Herbert of Ragland, John Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland John Viscount Tracy of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Mathew Hale Knight Lord Cheife Justice Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath one of the Justices of the Court of Comon Pleas George Mountague Esq* [Sir1] Charles Berkley Sir Henry Capell Knights of the Bath Sir John Tracy Baronet Sir Baynham Throckmorton Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Ashfeild Sir William Ducy Sir Henry Fredericke Thynne Sir Edward Bathurst Sir Richard Howe Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir Richard Francklin Sir William Juxon Sir William Keyte Sir John Guise Sir John Newton Sir Edward [Husse*] Sir Richard Cocks Sir Robert Cann Baronets Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir William Catchmaid Sir Edmond Bray Sir Thomas Stephens Sir Thomas Overbury Sir Gabrieli Lowe Sir Humphrey Hooke Sir Thomas Howe Sir John Poyntz Sir Scroope Howe Sir Robert Atkins junior Evan Seyes Sergeant at Law John Grubham Howe Henry Norwood Thomas Thynne William Cooke Thomas Master William Dutton John Winter Thomas Escourt Reginald Bray Giles Fettiplace Robert Coddrington William Trye Miles Sands John Higford Henry Dennis John Chamberlaine William Bouchier Thomas Chester Richard Atkins Richard Stephens John Stephens Fleetewood Dormer Robert Pleydall William Leigh William Stratford Thomas Horton George Pitt John Sackvile John Delabere Thomas Barrow Edward Rich Anthony Sanbach Benjamin Barret Edmund Chamberlaine Thomas Jennins Esq, Samuell Homer Esqs Thomas Veele of Symonds Hall William Stratford William Cope John George William Morgan David Williams Robert Bromage Thomas Marriet John Browneing William Selwin John Smith, Miles Rutter Henry Browne Thomas Rich Andrew Barker James Stephens Silvanus Wood Richard Dowdeswell, John Guise of Abbods Court Esquiers Robert Logan Ducombe Colchester Henry Powle John Meredeth Richard Baugh Thomas Smith Phillip Sheppard Richard Norwood Robert Oldsworth and William Oldsworth Thomas Carpender John Robbins Edward Smith Henry Guise Robert Gowning [William1] Woorley Henry Sims John Dowle Christopher Cole John Holmes Paul Foley James Hawkins William Player John Langley Henry Heylin John Coles John Stafford Edward Selwin William Dowdswell Nicholas Veele Richard Browne Thomas Browne of Corn Fawn Roger Lingen William Hancock Paul Castleman Hanger of Griffeild Samuell Astry Hugh Browne

Richard Jones of Hanham Richard Hart Paul Dodweil Thomas Wise John Driver Edward Nott William Banister Waiman Winniat William Gough Edmond Madocke Richard Machen Christopher Woodward Thomas Pyrke George Bead of Redbrook Conway Whittorn Roger Haward The Bayliffes of Tewksbury for the time being.

[Citty of Gloucester1]

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester Collonell Henry Norwood Maior of the said Citty and the Maior for the time being Sir Edward Massey Knight Evan Seyes Esq^ Sergeant at Law William Cooke (4) John Stanion (4) John Guise (4) William Selwin [Esquiers4] Robert Feilding Doctor of Phisicke William Russell Thomas Price John Wagstaffe Henry Fowler Thomas Aram John Gethings John Rogers Aldermen James Stephens Lawrence Singleton John Marston William Jordan Toby Jordan William Lambe John Webbe Nicholas Webbe William Scudamore William Hodges Citizens Thomas Viner Doctor in Divinity Deane of the Cathedrall Church of Gloucester Thomas Washborne Doctor in Divinity Prebend of the same Church, Abraham Gregory Clerke Prebend of the same Church.

[Hereford']

For the County of Hereford John Lord Viscount Scudamore Sir James Bridges Sir John Kirle Sir William

Powell Sir Thomas Morgan Sir John Scudamore Sir John Holman Sir Herbert Croft Baronets Sir Edward Harley

Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Tomkins Sir Thomas Hambury Sir Job Charleton Sir John Barnaby Sir Herbert Perrot Sir John Payne Knights Thomas Cornwall Collonell Somerset Fox of Stapleton Thomas Price Humphrey

Cornwall Collonell John Birch Herbert Westfailing Reginold Graham Wallop Brabazon Thomas Whitney Walter

Pye Robert Pye John Scudamore Edward Cornwall Herbert Aubery Richard Reed William Gregory Bennet Hoskins Thomas Cox John Skipp Edward Freeman James Pitt Thomas Harley Richard Hopton Thomas Geeres senior Thomas Geeres junior Thomas Carpender Humphrey Baskerville Humphrey Howorth Francis Unett John Barnaby

760

25° Cab. II. c. 1.

A.D. 16T2.

of Brockampton John Booth of Hereford Rudhall Guillim William Lambe Paul Foley, Doctor Thomas Williams John Nourse Bridstocke Harford Robert Rodd Marshall Bridges John Hoskins Francis Pember of Elsdon John Hoskins of Harwood Henry Williams of Cabalea Ambrose Elton Thomas Duppa Robert Blany Esquiers John Damall junior Anthony Rowden Nicholas Walwyn Richard Walwyn of Hellens Thomas Rodd Martin Sandys of Cradley Gen! John Pansy William Dansy George Bamer of Buttus Edward Beresford John Booth of Brainton William Westfailing Herbert Masters Edward Williams of Oldfeild Thomas Wigmoore William Broome John Guylim of Wellington John Kirle of Rosse Humphrey Taylor of Wythington Thomas Carpenter of Ullington John Kyely of Bromley John James Thomas Gomond of Kilpecke Higgens James George Kline of Wormebridge Edward Lloyd of the Batch Henry Hyett John Cornwall Francis Geeres of Garnons Gentlemen The Bayliffe of the Burrough of Lemster for the time being John Tomkins Gen! For Lemster Michaell Broughton of Knighton.

[The Citty of Hereford']

For the Citty of Hereford The Maior for the time being John Lord Viscount Scudamore Herbert Westfailing Thomas Price William Gregory Esquiers Richard Philpotts Thomas Holmes Thomas Clerke Thomas Piaynard Thomas Bond Hugh Rodd [William Edwin Edward Rodd1] Nicholas Philpotts Thomas Smith Thomas Symonds Richard Williams Mercer Roger Boulcott John Cooke William Mayton John Barnes.

[County of Hertford']

For the County of Hertford Thomas Lord Viscount Fanshaw Sir Harbotle Grimston Master of the Rolls Algernon Cedll Esq* Sir Richard Francklyn Sir John Mounson Sir Thomas Leventhorp Sir Richard Spencer Sir John Whitwrongle Sir Jonathan Keate Sir John Austin Sir Richard Anderson Sir Richard Atkins Sir Robert Jocelyn Sir William Lemon Sir Edward Alston Baronets Sir Phillip Boteler Sir John Mounson Knights of the Bath Sir Rowland Lytton Sir John Gore Sir Francis Boteler Sir William Glascocke Sir Henry Blunt Sir Charles Cesar Sir John Watta Sir Humphrey Gore Sir Richard Combe Sir Thomas Bide Sir Charles Clever Sir Robert Viner Sir William Bucknell Sir Benjamin Titchbourne Sir Ralph Radcliffe Sir Walter Wa[l*]ker Sir Robert Dacres Knights Samuell Grimston William Lytton William Hale John Garrard Thomas Dockwra Richard Harrison Thomas Priestley Ralph Freeman Thomas Pope Blunt Mathew Blucke Richard [Gouston3] Nicholas Miller Henry Guy George Cooper [Silus Titus4] Edward Atkins Francis Shalcrosse Arthur Pulter Henry Baldwin Thomas [Stanby5] Edward Wingate Thomas Carpenter Thomas Atkins Richard Blackwell Edmond Feild George Nodes Edward Watts Richard Crofts James Willymot Edward Briscoe William Greenhill Arthur Sparks William Cotton Edward Crosby Henry Childe John Ecdeston Edmond Smith John Briscoe Ralph Gore Robert Robotham John Fotherly Thomas Nicholl of Bushy Sanders Henry Chauncey Anthony Farrington George Throckmorton Francis Wethered Marmaduke Rawden senior Henry Dunstar William Nuce Richard Reeves John Ellis Marmaduke Rawden junior Francis* King Henry Becker Peter Calvert George Needham John Dyos Humphry Hall Alexander Welde Esquiers Thomas Arras Doffcor in Phisicke Thomas Burgesse Gen! Robert Deane Doctor in Phisicke Maior of Hertford for the time being.

[Saint Albans']

For the Burrough of Saint Albans Sir Harbotle Grimston Doctor Arris Samuell Grimston The Maior for the time being John Simpson Recorder Robert Robotham Major Crosby William Cotton Anthony Farrington Edmond Smith Thomas Cowley William Marston Thomas Oxton John New John Gape Robert New John Doggat William Oxton William Kause William Rugg Haward Pollard Edward [Crasby6] Thomas Ecdeston.

[County of Huntington.']

For the County of Huntington Richard Earle of Arran in the Kingdome of Ireland George Mountague Esq* Sir Francis Compton Knight Sir John Cotton Baronet Sir John Hewet (7) Sir Thomas Proby Sir John Barnard Baronets Sir Nicholas Pedley Sir Lyonell Walden Knights Henry Williams John Stone Robert Apreece Anthony Hamond Lawrence Torkington John Heron Richard Naylour John Dryden Jasper Trice John Ferrar Nicholas Johnson Saint John Hare Esquiers John Trice Gen!

[Towne of Huntington1]

For the Towne of Huntington Sir John Cotton (7) Sir John Bernard [Baronets7] The Maior for the time being Sir Nicholas Pedley Sir Lionell Walden Knights Lawrence Torkington Esq* Samuel Pout Phillip Castell Gentlemen Thomas Walwyn James Fairside William Dowse Aldermen.

[Kent1]

For the County of Kent Phillip Viscount Strangford Charles Lord Buckhurst Sir Vere Fane Knight of the Bath James Herbert(*) John Tufton (*) Richard Tufton(* 9) Sackvile Tufton [Esquiers9] Sir Thomas Twisden one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir William Wilde one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Heneage Finch Baronet his Msyestyes Attourney Generali Sir Phillip Howard Knight Sir Thomas Peyton Sir William Twisden Sir Edward Hales Sir Henry Palmer Sir John Rivers Sir William Merideth Sir Edward Deering Sir Thomas Stiles Sir Oliver Botder Sir Norton Knatchbull Sir John Tufton Sir John Rayney Sir Robert Hales Sir William Ducy Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir

3 Goulston 0. 1 Esq 0.

4 Silas Tithus 0. 4 Stanley 0.

9 Esquire 0.

25° Car. II. c. 1.

761

Stephen Lennard Sir Humphrey Miller Sir John Marsham Sir John Banks Sir Robert Bamham Sir Thomas Peirce Sir Nathaniell Powell [Knights *] Sir John Austin Sir Thomas Selliard Sir Jonathan [ Leete *] Baronets Sir George Sonde Knight of the Honourable Order of the Bath Sir Anthony Aucher Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Godfrey Sir Araald Braems Sir Henry Oxenden Sir Thomas Engham junior Sir Richard Powle Knight of the Hononrable Order of the Bath Sir Phillip Warwicke Sir William Broadnax Sir John Darell senior Sir John Darell junior Sir Thomas Scott Sir Francis Clerke Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir Theophilus Bidolph Knight and Baronet Sir William Leech Sir William Boreman Sir Bernard Hyde Sir William Swan Knight and Baronet Sir Walter Vane Sir John Heath Attoumey of the Dutchy of Lancaster Sir Thomas Lee Sir William Hugesson Sir James Oxenden Thomas Broome Sergeant at Law Thomas Hardresse Sergeant at Law Edward Hales of Tonstall Esquire John Strode Esq* John Boys of Fredvile Esqs Thomas Hales of Becksborne Esq, Thomas Peke Thomas Crisp of Quex Thomas Hardresse junior Walter Braems James Masters of Langdon James Masters of Yoakes Thomas Tumor William Rooke John Cason Henry Oxenden of Brookes Richard Aldworth Herbert Randolfe Nicholas Toke of Godington Henry Thornhill of Mandgh John Knatchbull James Brockman Henry Deering Edward Hales Richard Hulse John Naylor Robert Leuknor Peter Heyman John Moyle Zouch Brockman (3) Phillip Warwicke [Esquiers4] Thomas [Hoodd5] William Cage Francis Bamham Sir Demetrius James Ferdinando Marsham Esq* Sir George Curtis Thomas Knatchbull Richard Wilkinson Thomas Munn Ralph Buskin Walter Francklin Richard Marsh Thomas English Thomas Harlakendon Henry Howton Alabaster Fludd Francis Twisden Captaine John Clerke Richard Duke William Maddox The Maior of Rochester for the time George Newman Richard Manley Richard Head Esquiers Sir Charles Bickerstaffe Knight Robert Fowle Francis Barrell Thomas Manley Thomas Brewer Samuell Boyes William Boys Thomas Culpeper of Bedgbury Edward Finch Esquiers Sir John [Bunch6] Knight Thomas Lambert Phillip Packer George Polhill Henry Gilborne Marke Cotie John Hyde Esquiers Sir William Hooker Knight Norton Curtis Edward Curtis Robert Heath Francis Heath John Evelin Sir Eliah Harvey Knight Thomas Papillon of Aucris William Swan Thomas Seyliard James Fortrey William Boothby Christopher Allison Ralph Petley John Bridger Francis Famaby Edward Badby John Sydley James Thurbome George Boreman Esquiers Sir John Hendon Knight William Hammond of Saint Albans William Campion Esquiers Thomas Andrews Edward Gulston Reginald Peckham Edward Short Thomas Stace Maior of Tenterdenne for the time Robert Austin Maior of Sandwich for the time Phineas Ellwood John Verier Valentine Jekin Jeoffrey Wells Jeoffrey Sacket Edward Elsted John Pauntry Maior of Dover for the time John Watson Richard Jacob Walter Breme Esq* Doctor Golder George West Edward Wivell John Bullocke Nathaniell Denew Sir Henry Boswell Knight Mf Henry Sands Sir Peircivill Hart Mr Edward Manning Edmond Tooke Esq* Sir John Shaw Knight and Baronet Maior of Hyth for the time Robinson Beane William Knight Elias Basset John Basset George Thourborne Maior of Feversham for the time John Troates Robert Watson Esq* Thomas Southern Bayliffe of Lydd for the time John Bateman William Sudell Thomas Bedingfeild Michaell Chidwicke Maior of Folkestone for the time John Preagle Gen? Clement Preagle (Gen?7) Maior of Fordwitch for the time Thomas Norton John Luckyn Michaell Chidwicke Piercy Goreing William Kingsley Roger Payne Esquiers Sir Robert Faunce Sir Nicholas Strode Sir Richard Ford Archibald Clyncard John Henley Edward Deering Edwin Wyat George Duke Esquiers William Outrun Samuell Plummer John Cooke Sir Francis Leeke Sir Francis Lee Sir Leoline Jenkins Thomas Fane Esq* Anthony Nowers Julius Deedes Edward Master Esq, Charles Wheeler Joseph Finch Mr Marsham Esq* Mr Thomas Gombledon Richard Merideth Esq* Sir George Moore Baronet William Trumbull Doctor of Lawes Francis Head (4) Henry Frere [Esquiers4] Christopher Wade (§) Richard Mathews [Gen?*] George Pickes of Hawkehurst Crossed Draper (4) Edward Deering [Esquiers4] Sir John Cutler James Codd (4) Robert Fane(4) Thomas Hooper [Esquiers4] Edmond Steed of Bidenden Mr Ash Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Graves Baronet Peter Godfrey Esq* The Bayliffe of Rumney Marsh for the time being, The Expenditers of Rumney Marsh for the time being John Buggin Esq* Sir John Fagge Baronet George Cowper Esq* Maior of New Rumney for the time William Lancaster John Bryant Peter Lancaster John Shoosmith James Payne John Hunt John Murall Gentlemen Roger Twisden Sir John Griffith Francis Wythen Sir Phillip Honywood.

[Canterbury9]

For the Citty and County of Canterbury The Maior for the time being Sir Edward Master Knight Thomas Hardresse Sergeant at Law Recorder William Mann (4) Edward Master (4) EdwardNutt (4) William Kingsly [Esquiers4] William Stanley (,0) Thomas Ockman Alderman Squire Peverton Alderman Avery Hilles Alderman.

[Lancaster9]

For the County of Lancaster Sir Robert Carr Knight and Baronet Chauncellour of the County Palatine of Lancaster Charles of Ancram Lord Gorge William Spencer Henry Booth Esquiers Sir Richard Houghton Sir Robert Binlos Sir Ralph Ashton of Whaley Sir Ralph Ashton of Midleton Baronets Sir Gilbert Ireland Sir Roger Bradshaigh Sir Peter Brookes Sir Henry Slater Sir Jeoffrey Shakerley Sir John Heath Sir Edward [Chrisnwall "]Sir William Bucknell Sir Jervis Elwayes Knights John Mollineux Esq* Thomas Hesketh Richard Kirkby Richard Harrison Roger Nowell Edward Fleetwood Christopher Banister Henry Farrington Robert Hoult Thomas Preston senior Lawrence Rawstome Richard Standish Nicholas Townley John Parker ofExtwisley Daniell Fleming C.urwin Rawlinson Thomas Bradill Alexander Rigby of Midleton Edward Rigby Thomas Norris Christopher Parker Richard Leigh Richard Fleetwood of Roshall Henry Slater Alexander Nowell Thomas Butler Edward Hearle John Halsted of Bankhouse [Esq*3] Major John Byrom Robert Heywood Robert Hesketh James Duckinfeild John Entwisley John Risley Thomas Latham Jeoffrey Holcroft Edward Ogle Henry Houghton Miles Dodding John [ Atway ,2] Thomas Ashton William Hulton

1 Knight 0. • Keete 0. * Esquires 0. 4 Esquire 0. * Hudd 0. • Dunce 0.

1 interlined on the Holl. »GenH 0. v 0. omits. Alderman 0. " Chisnwall 0. 11 Otway 0

26° Car. II. c. 1

A.D. 1672.

Thomas Greenhalgh William Hulme William Kirkby William Banks William Daniell Ambrose Pudsey Thomas Ashhurst Alexander Rigby of Layton Alexander Rigby of Aspell Edward [Dodson'] Alen Pricket John Hartley Thomas Bispham George Leigh of Barton John Crosse of Crosse-hall John Shalcrosse Josuah Radcliffe Alexander Butterworth Collonell John Birch of Ordsall Stephen Radley Peter Addington Esquiers Thomas Preston junior Thomas Holt junior James Chetham William Worthington William Leigh John Kirkby Thomas Leigh Roger Kenyon Ralph Livesay Nicholas Fezakerley Captaine Longworth Gentlemen Edward Moore Esq Nicholas Penington William Leigh of Grange Thomas Turner Luke Hodkinson John Greenwood Francis Medcalfe William Waller Thomas Winkley George Addison John Chaundler William Langton James Sorocold John Widdowes Thomas Patten Jonathan Blackbourne James Peake John Tetlocke William Blackbourne Richard Parcivall Silvester Richmond Oliver Lyme Arthur Burren Robert Birley Gabrieli Garside Thomas Forster (1) George Sharpies of Freckleton (s) Thomas Wittingham [Gentlemen*] John Stursaker Doctor Keurden Captaine Newton The Maior of Lancaster for the time being The Maior of Preston for the time being The Maior of Wiggon for the time being The Maior of Leverpoole for the time being.

[Leicester4]

For the County of Leicester Thomas Lord Beaumont John Lord Rosse Bennet Lord Sherrard John Grey Esq* Sir George Villiers(3) Sir Thomas Halford (5) Sir Woolstan Dixie (6) Sir Lewis Palmer (7) Sir William Noell (*) Sir Henry Hudson [Baronets8] Sir WilKam Hartopp (9) Sir Thomas Doleman [Knights9] Sir Clement Clarke Baronet Phillip Sherrard (IO) George Faunt(10) Richard Varney (,0) William Villiers (n) Richard Lister (lo) John Fountaine (*°) Thomas Merry senior (IO) Henry Beaumont (IO) Thomas Boothby (IO) Thomas Babington (*°) Silus Titus (,0) S*John Bennet (lo) William Boothby (10) William Halford(IO) Samuell Jervis(,0) Thomas Caldecott (*°) Samuell Cotton (,0) John Hackett (IO) Neale Hewett(,c) Richard Brudenall (*°) Walter Rudeing(10) John Crew (lo) William Whalley (IO)George Hewet(,c) Richard Bradgate(10) Roger Roe (IO) Roger Smith (w) Edward NeedhamC®) Richard Orton (,0) John Needham (n) William Trimnali (") Robert Bernard (") William Bent(u) William Belgrave (M) Henry Vernon(") George Faunte [Esquiers4] Sir William Wale Knight Edward Abney (w) William Skeiffinton (lo) Henry Hastings (*°) Francis Chamberlaine (IO) Jeremy Dove [Esquiers10] Sir John Heath Knight Thomas Staveley (M) Henry Farnham [Esquiers.10]

[Burrough of Leicester4]

For the Burrough of Leicester The Maior for the time being Walter Rudeing Esq* John Herricke Gent Terringham Stephens Esq* George Reasons (3) Daniell Deacon (*) William Alsopp (*) Thomas Overing (*) William Deane (s) William Stubbins(3) William Maior (*) Edward Browne (*) Richard Palmer (*) Alexander Baker (*) Andrew Freeman [Gentlemen.3]

[Lincolne4]

For the County of Lincolne and Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne George Lord Viscount Castleton Thomas Lord Viscount Fanshaw John Lord Rosse William Mountague William Pierpoint Esquiers Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Henry Masangboard Sir Dreynard Massingboard Sir Christopher Wray Sir Carr Scroope Baronets Sir John Bennet Sir Francis Goodricke Sir John Moreton Knights Rutland Sanderson William Marwood George Sanderson Edward Merbury Esq* Sir John Mounson senior Sir John Booles (") Sir William Hickman Sir Edward Lake Baronets William Godfrey Esq* Sir John Mounson junior Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Meeres Knight Sir William Ellis Baronet Cicill Turwhit George Healy Robert Sanderson John Farmery of Northrop Edward Toumy Esquiers Sir Edmund Wyn Baronet Sir Edward Ayscough Knight William Darwyn (10) Charles Pelham [Esquiers,0] Jervas Holies Master of Requests Charles Sanderson Esq* Sir William Wentworth Baronet William Broxholme (lo) Marmaduke Dorrell William Bard Alexander Emerson Edward Nelthorpp John Boswell Charles Newcomen William Fitzwilliams Esquiers Sir John Hanby Knight George Knight Charles Radley William Ballet junior Thomas Elly John Elly Dymocke Walpoole George Neveile George Osney George Midlemoore Charles Woolley George Langton John Ludington Christopher Pym George Willoughby Henry Masterman Thomas Hall of Ketlethorpe Henry Andrews Esquiers William Pople Christopher Clayton John Smith of Grimsby Francis Grantham Edward Berisford Bevercotes Cornwallis Esquiers Richard Crackroft William Hooton (3) Francis Manby Gens Mr Thomas Coventry James Harrington Samuell Ludington Gens Charles Anderson Esq* Sir Gilbert Gerrard Knight Robert Long of Kirkby Esq* Henry Wornis of Hundleby (*) William Hall of Lincolne [Gentlemen3] Nicholas Smith of Thetlethorpe Esq* Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Peregrine Barty Sir William Ellis Knight one of the Justices of the Common Bench Sir Thomas Hussy Sir William Thorold Sir John Newton Sir Richard Rothwell Baronets Charles Dymocke Esq* Sir Lewis Palmer Baronet Sir John Brownlow Sir Robert Markham Sir William Trollop Baronets Sir Thomas Orby Sir Christopher Clapham Knights Moulineux Disney Christopher Nevill Esquiers Sir Edmund Turner Knight John Hatcher William Lister Richard Cust John Hobson Richard Ryley [Esquiers10] Henry Stone Anthony Williams Robert Laming John Colehurst Gentlemen Thomas Hatcher Erasmus De ligne Thomas Harrington John Saunders William Saville Francis Wingfeild Esquiers Stephen Rothwell Henry Hall Francis Charleton Thomas Skipwith William Hyde Anthony Tredway Esquiers Peregrine Bucke Gens William Trollop William Welby Lister Teigh Richard Berde Mountague Cholmeley John Newton Francis Stringer Richard Pell Edmond Syler [Esquiers,0] William Yorke junior Miles Long (3) Austin Caudron Gens Redman Burrell Esq Edward Browne of Horblynne William Perkins Thomas Grant Anthony Palmer James Trollop Gens Mr Goodwell of Holliwell Mr Wilson of the Sheep wash Mr Woodroffe of Cerby Sir Robert Carr Knight and Baronet Chauncellour of the Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster Sir Henry Heron Knight of the Bath Sir Phillip Harcourt Sir Anthony Irby Knight Sir William Humble Baronet Anthony Irby Esq Charles Skipwith John Empson Joseph Whiteing (,J) Anthony Hall Adlard Welby (IO) David

1 DoUon O. • Gentlemen 0. 6 Barron* 0. 9 Knight 0.

3 Gentleman 0. 10 Esquire 0.

5 Baronet 0. 6 Barr*1 0. 7 Barron* 0.

lt Barronets 0. 13 Esquires 0.

A.D. 1672.

25° Car. II. c. 1

7 63

Bonnell [Esquiers1] Slater Perkins Henry Burrell Israel Jackson Thomas Markhall Gentlemen Richard Milliner The Maior of the Citty of Lincolne for the time being The sower senior Aldermen Lawrence Stamford William Couthropp John Ayscough Christopher Ayscough Esquiers Andrew Slee John Bolt John Bamaby William Wilson The Maior of Stamford and Great Grimsby and the Aldermen of Grantham for the time being Daniell Througood Daniell Wigmore John Shaw Gen! John Humphris Charles Bawds Stephen Mason (l) Daniell Rhodes [Esquiers1] William Byfirild Samuell Browne William Dickinson Gentlemen Anthony Butler Peter Pallar of Sutton John Butler [Esquiers'] Francis Johnson of Spalding Gen! Moore Doctor of Phisicke.

[London3]

For the Citty of London The Right honourable Sir Robert Hanson Knight Lord Maior and the Lord Maior for the time being Sir William Wilde Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Chiverton Knight Sir Thomas Allen Knight and Baronet Sir John Fredericke Knight Sir John Robinson Knight and Baronet Sir John Lawrence (4) Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir William Peake(4) Sir William Turner (4) Sir Richard Ford (4) Sir Samuell Sterling (5) Sir George Waterman [Knights4] Sir John Howell Knight Recorder and the Recorder for the time being Sir William Hooker Knight Sir Robert Viner Knight and Baronet Sir Joseph Sheldon (5) Sir Dennis Gauden (4) Sir Thomas Davis [Knights5] Alderman John For the Sir Francis Chaplin (4) Sir John Smith [Knights5] Sir James Edwards Knight Alderman Dannett Forth Alderman Patience Ward Sir Robert Clayton (*) Sir John Moore (4) Sir William Pritchard (5) Sir James Smith (4) Sir William Thompson (5) Sir Theophilus Biddolph (5) Sir Thomas Player (4) Sir William Bucknall [Knights5] John Jolliffe (*) Henry Dunstar (6) William Love (*) John Jones (*) Edward Waldoe (*) John Bence (') George Jeoffryes(') William Lluellyn [Esquiers1] Mr Jasper Churchill Sir Phillip Mathewes Baronet Richard Mills Treasurer of Saint Bartholimews Hospitall Erasmus Smith Edward Arris (') James Hayes [Esquiers1] William Gibbons Gen! Edward Dudson Esq* Mr George Nicholas Sir Arthur Ingram Sir Andrew King Mr John Short.

[Midlesex3]

For the County of Midlesex Edward Seymour Esq* Speaker of the House of Commons Sir George Carteret Knight and Baronet Vice Chamberlaine of his Majestyes Household Henry Coventry one of the Principall Secretaryes of State Sir John Duncombe Knight Sir Robert Carr Knight and Baronet Chauncellour of the Dutchy of Lancaster Sir Thomas Osborne Baronet Treasurer of his Majestyes Navy Sir Mathew Hale Lord Cheife Justice of the Kings Bench Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet Master of the Rolls Sir John Vaughan Lord Cheife Justice of the Common Pleas Sir Edward Turner Knight Lord Cheife Baron Sir Thomas Twisden Baronet one of the Justices of the [Kings7] Bench Sir Christopher Tumor Knight one of the Barons of the Exchequer Sir Richard Rainsford Knight one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir William Wilde Knight and Baronet one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Timothy Litleton Knight one of the Barons of the Exchequer Sir Hugh Windham Knight one of the Justices of the Common Pleas Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath one of the Justices of the Common Pleas Sir William Ellis Knight one of the Justices of the C5mon Pleas George Mountague Henry Brunkard Edward Grave Thomas Killigrew Edward Progers Esquiers Sir William Hicks Baronet Sir Francis Gerrard Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Litleton Baronet Sir John Mainard Knight one of his Majestyes [Sergeants8] at Law Sir Heneage Finch Knight and Baronet [Sir9] Majestyes Attoumey Generali Sir Francis North Knight his Majestyes Sollicitor Generali William Mountague Esq* one of his Majestyes Councill and Attoumey Generali to the Queenes Majesty Sir William Boyer Baronet Sir John Robinson Knight and Baronet Lieutenant of the Tower of London Sir Jeremy Whitchcott Baronet Sir John Lowther Baronet Sir Joseph Ash Baronet Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet Sir George Viner Knight and Baronet Sir Reginald Foster Baronet Sir William Roberts Baronet Sir Thomas Wolstonholme Baronet Sir Phillip Mathews Baronet Sir John Bramston Knight of the Bath Sir John Bennet Knight of the Bath Sir Edmond Windham Knight Marshall of his Majestyes Household Sir Thomas Beverley Knight Master of Request to his Majesty Sir Charles Harbord Knight his Majestyes Surveyour Generali Sir Edward Walker Knight Sir Anthony S* Leger Sir Charles Lee (4) Sir William Palmer (4) Sir Thomas Allen (4) Sir Allen Apsley (4) Sir Henry Herbert (4) Sir John Talbot [Knights4] Sir Fredericke Hyde Knight and Sergeant at Law to her Majestie Sir Phillip Warwicke Knight Sir John Howell Knight Sergeant at Law Recorder of the Citty of London Sir Lancelott Lake (4) Sir William Poultney(4) Sir John Baber (4) Sir William Peeke (4) Sir Phillip Howard (4) Sir James Smith (4) Sir Thomas Player (4) Sir Allen Brodericke (4) Sir Thomas Byde [Knights4] Sir Thomas Escourt Knight one of the Masters of Chauncery Sir Robert Hanson (4) Sir Gilbert Gerrard of Harrow Sir James Norffolke (4) Sir Paul Whitchcott (4) Sir James Griffith (4) Sir George Chumucke (4) Sir Christopher Eyres (4) Sir Robert Southwell (4) Sir Phillip Froud (4) Sir Thomas Foster (4) Sir Thomas Offley (4) Sir Jeremy Smith Sir John Emly Sir Edwin Rich Sir Robert Peyton Sir Edmond Godfrey Sir William Bowles (4) Sir Thomas Stringer Sir John James Sir John Churchill Sir Thomas Lake Sir Edward Rich Sir Joseph Williamson Sir James Butler Knights Christopher Wrenn Doctor of [Lawes ,0] Surveyour of his Majestyes Workes Sir William Bucknell Knight Daniell Finch Humphrey Weld William Ashbumham George Pitt Francis Lucy Charles Cheney George Marsh Charles Bennet Francis Crawley Henry Barker Clerke of the Crowne John Phillip one of his Majestyes Auditors of the Exchequer John Tippet George Walsh Mathew Bluck William Barker Roger Jenning John Bill Thomas Midleton Samuell Pepes William Peacock Nicholas Townley William Wordour Joseph Ayliffe Thomas Bayles Nicholas Raynton Ralph Hawtrey Thomas Roe Thomas Robinson Humphrey Worley Thomas Collet John [Carew11 ] Thomas Povey Robert Filmore James Clithero Richard Dunton Thomas Rosse John Hawtrey Edward Walcop Richard Adams Charles Pitfeild Henry Hawley James Smith Henry Elwayes William Goldsburrough Thomas Thomlins John Harvey John Ball William Glascocke Martin Clifford Henry Revell Richard Lightfoote Richard Mountney

1 Esquire 0. 1 Esquires 0. 9 0. omits. 4 Knight 0. * Kn* 0. Esq 0.

1 King 0. 6 Serjant 0. 9 his 0. 1C Law 0. 11 Carey 0.

764

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1672.

George Hill John Baker Lawrence Squib William Wood Henry Hodges Leonard Hammond Christopher Blake Peter Sabbs John Swanley Richard Bayly Josias Ricroft John Jones Richard Morley Charles Cornwallis Esquiers Sir Cerill Witch Sir Edward Massey junior Knight Sir John Barnard Baronet Sir Richard Francklin Knight and Baronet Pawlet S* Johnf1) John Wolstenholme [Esquiers1] Francis Bramston Sergeant at Law Sir William Smith Baronet Thomas Owen (*) William Wogan (') Daniell Waldoe(‘) Edward Waldoe(') John Thorpe [Esquiers*] Sir Richard Napier Knight Thomas Napier Esqs Sir William Bolton Knight Richard Harrison Esq> Symon Smith (') George Day John Paulford Erasmus Smith John Pawlet John Jolliffe John Lloyd Richard Cheney William Fenn Jasper Churchill Charles Hencocke Anthony Collins (*) Henry Collins (*) William Northy (*) Edward Peeke [Esquiers1] John Walker Geni Roger Gardiner (') Roger Stoughton [Esquiers1] Lord Combury Sir John Berkenhead Thomas Aram John Watts Richard Morley Henry Slingsby [Esquiers1] Sir Theodore De Vaux Sir Gilbert Talbot Sir Edward Low Robert Blaney (*] Edward Leigh [Esquiers1] Josua Beal.

[Westminster3]

For the Citty and Liberty of Westminster Lord Clifford Lord Combury George Mountague Esq^ Sir Heneage Finch Sir Kingsmill Lucy Sir John Nicholas Sir Allen Apsley Peregrine Barty Esqs Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Robert Long Sir Edward Massey Sir Thomas Osborne Sir John Bennett Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Phillip Warwicke Sir Richard Everard Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Michaell Heneage Sir Phillip Howard Sir Edmond Windham Sir Edmond Pye Sir Edward Carteret Sir Edward Greaves Sir Phillip Mathews Sir John Duncombe Sir [Robert4] Carr Sir Theodore de Vaux Sir Edward Brett Sir Phillip Meadowes Sir John Griffith Sir Francis Holies Sir Charles Harboard Sir John Copleston Sir Phillip Froude Sir George Downing Sir William Doyley senior Sir John Talbot Sir William Doyley junior Sir Henry Herbert Sir Robert Pye Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Anthony Irby Sir John Cotton Doctor (3) Shalmer Sir James Smith Sir Cerill Wich Sir John Cutler Sir John Baber Sir Richard Mason Sir John Birkenhead Sir Thomas Woodcocke Sir William Poultney Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronet Sir Ralph Banks Dofior Thomas Sydenham David Walter (*) Henry Brunkard William Ashburnham (*) Charles Cornwallis Daniell Finch Phillip Packer Edmond Waller George Nicholas Daniell Sheldon William Harboard John Tregonwell Reynald Graham Thomas Thinne Thomas Morrice Charles Bennet Edmond Warcup Richard Stevens Thomas Owen Mathew Locke John Browne John Ferres Justinion Paget Richard Cateline William Dolbin Lawrence Squibb Richard Newman Phillip Lloyd Francis Lucy Thomas Bailes Edward Griffin John Currance William Glascocke Robert Filmer Adlard Welby Richard Sherwin Job Williams George Farwell [Esquiers1] DoSor Samuell Barrow Doctor Christopher Wrenn Hugh May Walter Brydall Bevis Lloyd Symon Smith John Mann Richard Pagett Thomas Morris Michaell Brighouse Lancelot Thornton Captaine Boheye Hugh Squire John Baynes Henry Peeke Anthony Samwell Emery Hill Humphrey Wirley George Hill Roger Higgs John Russell Thomas Hawood William Wardour Richard Morley Doctor (5) Shalmer Edward Clarke Thomas Bayly Robert Harcourt John Walker Thomas Russell Doctor Barwicke William Lloyd William Morgan Doctor Benjamin Worsley Butler Kinkead David Lloyd John Clutterbuck Nicholas Baxter Thomas Crumpe John Ball Doctor John Clarke Esquiers William Blake Jasper Churchill John Chase William Gape George Cowper Phillip Hanbury Ambrose Scudamore John Jeffs Richard Bull John Minchen John Leeson Bryan Bamaby Michaell Arnold 'George Plucknet John Sibley Nicholas Edlin Norris Hunt Thomas Halfepenny Richard Mill Thomas Tyndall Humphrey Grinsall John Greene Nehemiah Arnold William Brewer Ralph Halsey John Tyson of the Citty of Westminster Miles Mitchell Richard Farthing Christopher Sheene John Francis William Wheeler Peter [Griffits6] Charles Rampaine William Austin John Fisher Samuell Baker Morrice Kingswell William Hargrave Thomas Butler Edmond Doyley Henry Mountague John [Kockier7] Gens John Watts [Esq/] Bartholomew Vermeuden Sir Gilbert Tolbott Robert Blaney (1) Henry Slingsby [Esquiers1] Robert Harcourt Sir Robert Peyton Mr Thomas Crump.

[Tower Division.5]

For the Tower Division in the County of Midlesex Sir Edward Massey junior Sir Thomas Marsh Richard Cheney Joseph Cowden Richard Winckle Nathaniell Hancocke Robert Holden Richard Bolt John Friend John Sharpe Edward Alsop John Foster Richard Bayly Esquiers John Forth Dannet Forth Aldermen Richard Powell Robert Staneere Joshua Beale Esquiers.

[Monmouth3]

For Monmouth Charles Lord Herbert of Ragland James Herbert Gentleman Sir Baynham Throckmorton (*) Sir EdwardMorgan (9) Sir Charles Kemeys (9)Sir Trevor Williams (9) Sir Thomas Morgan [Baronets9] Sir George Probert Knight William Morgan Esq^ Edward Lewis Edmond Thomas Trevor Williams Henry Probert Edward Progers Thomas Lewis Charles Van James Herbert John Arnold Thomas Morgan of Lammuny Thomas Folio Collonell Progers William Kemeys Edmond Morgan of Penloynsarth Thomas Morgan of Penrose Herbert Evans David Lewis Charles Price Charles Hughes William Herbert Henry Milbourne Edmond Gamege Edmond Jones Henry Baker William Jones Richard Lister George Kemis of Lanvare Esquiers Roger Oates Nicholas Kemeis Collonell William Morgan John Mathewes Walter Rumsey Thomas Pritchard Charles Milbourne John Walter of Peirsfeild Edward Williams Roger Williams Thomas Herbert Capell Hanbury Thomas Jones of Hurst William Blethin Thomas Isaacke James Morgan John Rumsey Phillip Cicill William Herbert Barrister at Law Esquiers Trevor Morgan of Bedwelty Gent Edward Kemeys of Berthley Henry Chambers John Lewis of Upton Hill David Morgan of Llanwenarth Walter Evans ofLlangottocke(,°)Lewis Morgan Robert Gunter John Walter of Howick John Grenoph John Katchmey John Rumsey of Wollesnewton Walter Jones of Megar Charles Morgan of Llangattocke Linwed Gent George Kemeis Rowland

1 Esq 0. 9 Esquire 0.

f* Griffiths 0. i Lockier 0.

» 0. omits. 4 Rober O. s Blank in Original.

• interlined on the Roll. * Baronett 0. ,1‘ Gentlemen 0.

i^-

25° Car. II. c. 1

765

Williams William Williams of Carlion John Bird John Flere William Lewis of Llanellyn Walter Adley Rodericke Guin Henry Rumsey Ezra Waters Thomas Powell Robert Jones Nicholas Parker Thomas Morgan of Riscah Andrew Probert Herbert Jones George Harris Thomas Jones of Treathin William Evans Gentlemen The Maior of Monmouth for the time befog The Maior of Newport for the time befog Phillip Jones James [Jones'] James Prichard Frands Spalding John Curr Thomas Springet Thomas Wroth Daniell Price Charles Williams Giles Morgan Theophilus Reynolds Gentlemen.

[County of Northampton* 1 *]

For the County of Northampton Obryan Viscount Cullen of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Lord Obryan Baron of Ibrican of the same Kingdome. William Lord Fitzwilliams of the same Kingdome Sir Francis Compton George Mountague Esq^ Sir Thomas Crew Knight Robert Spencer Esq^ Sir Richard Rafosford Knight one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Justinian Isham Sir Roger Norwich Sir Samuell Danvers Sir William Farmour Baronets Sir Edward Nicholas Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Griffin Sir John Robinson Sir William Wake Sir John Holman Baronets Sir William Fleetwood Sir John Bernard Sir William Haslewood Knights Sir James Langham Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Alston John Beaumont Miles Fleetewood Edward Griffin Francis Lane Henry Stafford George Clerke William Alston John [Parkhurst3] William [Harbord1] Goddard Pemberton John Browne Edward Hales Thomas Chubnall [Esquiers4] George Wake DoSor of Lawes Lawrence Manley William Chestes William Saunders Thomas Trist Thomas Elmes Toby Cheney Thomas Catisby Richard Rafosford Samuell Trist William Washbourne [Esquiers4] Sir William Craven Knight Sir Heneage Finch Knight and Baronet His Majestyes Attoumey Generali and Sir Francis North Knight His Majestyes Sollicitor Generali Sir Vere Fane Knight Devereux Knightley Esqs Sir William Langham Knight Sir John Cartwright William Tate George Tresham Edward Harbey junior William Adams John Colly Henry Benson Richard Saltenstall Maximilian Emersley Edward Palmer John Creswell Henry Edmund Robert Clerke William Buckby Esqs Sir William Pargister Sir Samuell Clerke [Kilts3] Tanfeild MulshoEsq* Sir John Pickering Baronet Bryon [Johnson6] Anthony Shugburgh Walter Kirkham Michaell Woodhall John Thornton John Willoughby John Bagshaw William Warner of Lubnam William Lisle Christopher Thursby Andrew Lane Francis Morgan Alexander Eakens Thomas Rhoane Thomas Jennisan William Ward John Lluyn George Delavall William Leavins Thomas Neale Nicholas Steuart John Gardiner John Wiseman Esq> The Maior of Northampton for the time befog John Braffeild Richard Massingburgh Francis Pickmer Joseph Sergant William Vaughan Hatton Farmer Joseph Hensman John Howes Robert Ives Henry Flaxon The Maior of Higham for the time being The Bayliffe of Daventree for the time befog The Maior of Brackley for the time befog Henry Lucas Thomas Dove John Bourne Richard Butler Edmond Sawyer Jeremiah Dove Salathiell Lovell John Bridges William Thursby John Hanbury Richard Rives Francis Crane Thomas Cole William Puge Georges Quarles Esqs Edward Mountague William Mountague Esq^ Her Majestyes Attourney Generali Henry Edmonds Esq> Joseph Hanes Phillip Lord Viscount Wenman of the Kingdome of Ireland.

[Nottingham *]

For the County of Nottingham and the Towne and County of the same Henry Earle of Ogle Patridus Viscount Chaworth of the Kingdome of Ireland Anchitell Gray William Pierpoint Arthur Stanhop William Byron Esquiers Sir Francis Mullfoeux Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Leeke Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Williamson Sir William Hickman Sir Edward Nevill Knights Francis Leeke Robert Pierpoint Cecill Cooper Francis Sandis John Grubham How William Palmes Thomas Perkins William Cartwright John Thornaugh William Leeke William Sacheverell William Stanhop Charles Hutchingson Thomas Marshall William Skevington Peniston Whalley Frands Stringer George Nevill Arthur Warren senior Arthur Warren junior Thomas Charlton senior Rason Mellish Anthony Gilby Thomas Wowen John Millington John [Rouston7] Samuell Sandys senior John Yarborough Doctor of Phisicke James Lane John Nevill Gentlemen, The High Sheriffe for the County of Nottingham for the time being, The Maior of Nottingham for the time befog The Bayliffes of East-Redford for the time being John Thynne Thomas Shipman [Gentlemen*] The Maior of Newarke for the time being Edward Ward Mathew Jennison Samuell Ellis Anthony Collfogwood John Douglasse William Welby [Godard ’] Dye John Gerton senior Gen? Daniell Earle Thomas Lewis Jarvis Piggot Esquiers Sir Scroope Grubham How Knight William Cartwright of Normanton Richard Slater John Digby Rowland Dand John Dand William Cartwright junior John Hacker of Flintham John Hacker of Trowell Henry Plumtree Richard Mansfeild Harvey Staunton Thomas Charlton junior George Gregory Thomas Rossell Lfodley of Skegby Esquiers Robert Thoroton Doctor in Phisick Peter Broughton William Newton Garvas Holland Anthony Tate Charles Lacock George Chamberlaine Gentlemen Ralph Edge Christopher Hall William Greaves John Parker Aldermen.

[County of Norffolke1]

For the County of Norffolke Sir Edward Turner Knight Lord Cheife Baron of His Majestyes Exchequer Thomas Lord Richardson Baron Cramond of the Kingdome of Scotland Lord Fitzwilliams of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Edmond Bacon Sir John Hobart Sir Phillip Woodhouse Sir Edward Barkham Sir John Hollond Sir Robert Paston Sir Augustine Palgrave Sir John Potts Sir Robert Kempe Sir Jacob Astley Sir Edward Ward Sir Henry Deerham Sir William Cooke Sir William Doyley Sir Peter Gleene Sir Francis Bickley Sir Thomas Garrett Sir John Pettus Sir William Adams Baronets Edward Progers Sir John Knivet Sir John Bennet Sir Christopher Calthorp Knights of the Bath Sir Charles Herbord Sir Allen Apsley Sir William Doyley junior Sir Nevill Catlin

5 Packhurst 0. 4 Esq O. * Knight 0.

1 Gentleman 0. 9 Gothard 0.

9 I

766

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1672.

Sir Thomas Meadow Sir John Bladwell Sir Robert Baldock Sir William Rant Knights Herbert Astley Deane of Norwich Robert Cooke Sir John Davis Knight Robert Walpoole John Potts William Windham Thomas Hollond William Cooke Roger Potts Thomas Townshend Lestrange Calthropp Philip Harbord John Hubbard Robert Long Roger Spilman Edward Barber Esquiers William de Gray Robert Suckling Francis Guybon William Rant Francis Baton Thomas Bacon Robert London Oliver Neve Thomas Gaudy of Claxton Robert Day Edmund Doyly John Herbert Suckling Jay Francis Lane Jacob Preston Phillip Bedingfeild Humphrey Bedingfeild Robert Gawsell Anthony Fisher Robert Houghton Robert Coney Francis Bell Charles Wrenn Laurence Oxburrough Richard Godfrey Nicholas Rookwood Edmond Bridffe [Simon Brittiffe1] Thomas Bemey of Swarson John Anguish John Fisher Robert Tyrrell of Wilton Christopher Crow Munford Spilman Clement Spilman Leonard Shapes Edward Ward Lemuel Shouldam Edward de Grey Anthony [Duarya] Nicholas Wilton Hatton Berners Thomas Thursby Francis Thursby George Townshend Gascoyne Wild of Bracon Leonard Googe John Warner Anthony Freestoa Francis Cory Christopher Jay Clemeilt Sterne John Cocke Thomas Browne of Elsing Thomas Corey Thomas Talbott Robert Buxton Thomas Wright of Ovington William Brantwaighte William Cropley William Armiger of North-Crake Nicholas Hamond John Le-Strange Edmond Wood house Thomas Richmond William Mar sham Esquiers Dofior Owen Hughes Peter Dyamond Mr John Harby Richard Marriet John Richmond of Hedingham Esq*.

[Kings Lynne3]

For the Towne of Kings Lynne The Maior for the time being Henry Ferrour Esquire Seth [Howley4] Thomas Greene Benjamin Holly Henry Bell Thomas Robinson Edmond Abbot Daniell Goodwin Mathias Twelves John Hamond Symon Taylor Edward Bromley Arthur Evelyn Aldermen.

[ Great Yarmouth 3 ]

For Great Yarmouth Sir Thomas Meadow Sir James Johnson Sir George England Knights Thomas Pufflet John Cubit Richard Jarmin John Hall Abraham Castell Thomas Gooch Nathaniel Ashley John Rowe John Woodroffe Edmond Thaxter Arthur Bacon William Huntington Peter Caulier Thomas Cooper Mitchell Mew Aldermen.

[Thetford3]

For Thetford The Maior for the time being Sir John Hollond Baronet Sir Phillip Woodhouse Baronet Sir Allen Apsley Knight Sir Joseph Williamson Knight William Cropley Esqs Burrey Martin Robert Tyrrell John Grine Hatterset.

[City of Norwich3]

For the Citty of Norwich The Maior for the time being Thomas Lord Richardson Sir John Hobart Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Browne Knight Francis Cory Esq* Recorder Francis Bacon Christopher Jay Herbert Astley Deane of Norwich Henry Watts John Rayley Bernard Church John Man John Salter Richard Wenman John Osborne John Croshold The two Sheriffes for the time being Augustine Briggs Thomas Wisse Robert Bendish Richard Coldham John Lawrence Henry Heme Francis Norris Mathew Markham John Manser Henry Wood Henry Watts junior Richard Wenman junior Thomas Thaxer Thomas Chickering Aldermen John Hobart Francis Norris Thomas Bacon Esq*

[Northumberland3]

For the County of Northumberland Henry Earle of Ogle Edward Lord Morpeth Ralph Grey of Chillingham Collonell Edward Grey Sir William Fenwicke Sir Ralph Delavall (5) Sir Cuthbert Heron [Baronets5] Sir William Forster Sir George Dowing Sir Richard Stote Collonell Edward Villiers Ralph Jennison Daniell Collingwood Thomas Forster William Strother Ralph Heabron William Widdrington John Clarke John Salkeild Thomas Bewick William Delavall of Dissington John Ridley of Hardriding Nicholas Whitehead William Warren Robert Widdrington of Haxley John Fenwicke Robert Delavall Humphrey Mitford Robert Mitford John Grey Thomas Burrell of Browne Parke The Bayliffe of Morpeth for the time being Thomas Collingwood of Rile.

[Berwicke upon Tweede3]

For the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweed Sir Richard Stote Recorder Elias Pratt The Maior for the time being Edward Grey Daniell Collingwood Thomas Watson Ralph Hebron Marke Scott Mr Winloe MT Edmiston James Cotterell Mr Counton Joseph Jackson Edward Nelson Roger Weddell Stephen Jackson.

[Towne of Newcastle3]

For the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne The Maior for the time being Sir John Marley Sir Francis Anderson Sir Robert Shaftoe Recorder Sir Richard Stote Marke Milbanke Anthony Isaackson John Emerson William Blacket Henry Maddison Henry Brabant Thomas Davison William Carr Ralph Grey John Clerke Robert Morley Esq* John Blackston Edward Villiers and the Sheriffe for the time being.

A.D. 1672.

25° Car. II. c. 1.

767

[Oxon']

For the County of Oxon Phillip Lord Wenman Viscount Tuam Henry Lord Combury Phillip Lord Wenman James Herbert Esq Sir William Coventry Sir Anthony Cope Sir Thomas Spencer Sir Thomas Penniston Sir William Walter Sir Compton Reede Sir William Glynn Sir Edmond Fettiplace Sir Francis Wenman Sir Litleton Osbaldston Sir Anthony Craven Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir Thomas Chamberlaine Sir John Robinson Barronet Sir Thomas Clayton Warden of Mertin Colledge Sir John Holman Barronet Sir William Fleetwood Sir Tymothy Terrell Sir Edmond Bray Sir Thomas Typping Sir Edward Norris Sir Henry Jones Sir Allen Apsley Sir George Croke Sir Phillip Harcourt Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Temple Sir John Doyley Sir Thomas Cobb Baronet Sir Llewellin Jenkins Sir William Coventry Broome Whorwood Esq* Richard Croke William Cope James Hyde Doctor of Phisicke Anthony Libb Vincent Barrey Henry Alnutt John Stone Francis Martin John Clarke William Lenthall William Dormer John Cartwright Henry Heylin Esq George Chamberlaine William Cartwright Arthur Jones Henry Alworth Doctor of Law William Walter David Walter one of the Groomes of His Majestyes Bedchamber Richard Halloway Councellour at Law Robert Dormer Reynald Bray William Bayley Thomas Hoard John Croke Samuell Sandys junior Esq, Charles Holloway Sergeant at Law George Cole Esqs Charles Holloway Thomas Coventry Doctor Mathew Skinner Robert Wither Steward of New Colledge William Gannocke George Woodward Mr Sheppard of Roleright Robert Perrott junior Edward Vernon John West William Oakley Esq William Wright John Wickham Mr(*) Blague of Coggs John Gore Esq James Perrot junior of Northly John Gunne Esq Barthoiimew Harris (3) Richard Stevens Gen! Edward Warcup (4) Thomas Worwood (4) Richard Powell [Esquiers5] Mr William Lenthall George Pudsey (4) William Whitlocke (4) Barthoiimew Hall [Esquiers4] Henry Hall Gent Robert Knolles (5) Thomas Coghill [Esquiers4] Puton Crocke Gent Robert Parsons (3) Gilbert Jackson [Gentlemen3] The Maior of Woodstocke for the time being, The Maior of Banbury, The Warden of Henley, The Bayliffes ofBurford and Chipping Norton, and the Cheife Magistrates to ad in their severall Corporations onely.

[University of Oxford1]

For the University of Oxford The Vice [ Chauncellours6] and Prodors for the time being Sir Thomas Clayton Knight Doctor Thomas Yates Doctor Thomas Barlow Doctor Robert Say Doctor John Fell Doctor Thomas James Doctor Tully Doctor John Wallis Doctor Ralph Bathurst Doctor James Hyde Doctor Clarke Doctor John Lamphere Doctor Lyddall Richard Holloway Esq Thomas Tudor Mathew Loveday Richard Plydall John Hopkins Thomas Rowney Gen! Mr Richard Withers.

[Citty of Oxford1]

For the Citty of Oxford The Maior of the said Citty for the time being Broome Whorwood Esq Francis Wenman Richard Croke Esq Recorder Sir Anthony Cope George Lowe Esq Sir Sampson White Knight William Wright (3) Roger Griffin (s) William Bayly (*) John Harris Gen! Aldermen John Lamb John Townsend Francis Greenaway William Cornish Francis [Heywood7] John Zouch William Walker and Anthony Hall Gentlemen, John Paynton Gentleman Towne-Clerke Robert Whorwood and Peter Langston Gentlemen.

[Rutland']

For the County of Rutland Bennet Lord Sherrard Henry Noell and Phillip Sherrard Esquiers Sir Thomas Mackworth and Sir Abell Barker Baronets Sir Thomas Fanshaw George Benion Esq Richard Wingfeild of Tickingcote Samuell Browne Christopher Browne Edward Paulkner and Andrew Noell Esquiers William Colby Gen! Anthony Palmer Robert Mackworth Esq

[Salop *]

For the County of Salop William Pierpoint Richard Newport and Andrew Newport Esquiers Sir Henry Litleton Sir Henry Fredericke Thynne Sir Humphrey Briggs Sir William Whitmore Sir John Corbet Sir Francis Lawley Sir Vincent Corbet Sir Richard Corbet Sir Francis Edwards Sir Edward Acton Sir Henry Vernon Sir Thomas Litleton and Sir Clement Clarke Baronets Sir Thomas Whitmore Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Herbert Sir John Weld Sir Job Charlton Sir Tymothy Litleton Sir William Childe Sir Timothy Tumor Sir John Trevor Sir Richard Mason Sir Thomas Jones and Sir Samuell Baldwin Knights Leveson Gore Richard Screven Richard Fowler Francis Charlton Charles Man waring Francis Thornes Francis Forrester Richard Lister Edward Kineston of Oatley Edward Kineston of Aberclee Roger Kineston Thomas Baldwin Charles Baldwin ^Phillip Prince Thomas Owen of Londover John Wolrich Thomas Thornes Richard Herbert John Walcott Thomas Whitmore Thomas Thynne George Weld George Ludlow Thomas Rocke William Owen Somerset Fox Robert Corbett of the Hall of Hussey John Coates William Oakley Edmund Wareing of Owldbury Robert Leighton Adam Oatley Thomas Walcott Robert Cressett Robert Owen Roger Pope Thomas Lloyd Richard Creswell John Lacon William Williams Vincent Edwards Thomas Oateley Litleton Powis Thomas Crumpe George Whitmore Richard More John Newton Thomas Kinersley of Badger William Cotton Thomas AAon William Jones of Sandford Thomas Hill Thomas Ireland Henry Griffiths Edward Vernon Henry Davenport Henry Mitton of Shipton Rowland Nicholls Edward Luttige Esq Corbett of Stanerdine

Richard Cowling Thomas Smalman James Becke Esq Owen Barton Roger Evans Richard Pope Lingen Toppe

k O. omits. « Blank in Original.

Gtntleman 0.

' Esquire 0.

EqO.

1 Chancellor 0. 7 Heyward O.

768

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 16?2.

Rockley Prince Thomas Owen of Dinthurst Thomas Latchard Richard Charlton Henry Spratt Thomas Lochier John Wood Thomas Jobber Henry Langley Richard Corbett The Maior of Salopp for the time being The Bayliffes of Ludlow Bridgenorth Wenlocke and Bishops-Castle for the time being Thomas Cornwall Esq> Bevis Lloyd Daniell Wicherley Francis Smith Robert Smith Herbert of Wootton John Tayler John Whitacre Richard Clarke

Samuell Lloyd Richard Tayler Arthur Hinkes Alexander Midleton George Hosier Roger Gough Edward Owen Roger Griffiths Gosnall Edward Wollaston Richard Davis of Ludlow Thomas Jones of Sheete Thomas

Mason of Rockley Richard Wareing Andrew Hill Richard Pritchard Roger Harris Robert Vernon Richard Davis of Whitchurch William Gravenor Richard Jenkins John Stannier Henry Powell Rowland Midleton William Owen of Whitle Edward Pooley John Bright.

[Stafford *]

For the County of Stafford Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Edward Bagott Sir Edward Lideton Sir Charles Woolsey Sir Walter Wrotesley Sir Francis Lawley Baronet Sir Bryan Broughton Sir Theophiius Biddolph Knights and Baronets Sir John Wirley Sir Thomas Whitgreve Sir Rowland Oliver Sir Henry Archbole Knights Randolph Egerton Henry Grey Walter Chetwind Edward Lideton William Snead Robert Milward George Digby Edward Mainwaring Brome Whorwood Robert Levison Thomas Lane Richard Dyott Walter Lideton William Chetwind Charles Cotton Richard Congreave Edward VeiW&n Thomas Kinnersley John Swinfin Ralph Sneid Edwyn Skrinshier Henry Vernon Rowland Cotton Daniell Watson Charles Agard Francis Wightwicke Jonathan Woodnoth John Pyott Thomas Rudiard Edward Arablaster George Parker Henry Gough Edward Birch William Whitby John Noble Nicholas Hurte Edward Mooreton John Whiteall William Parker Ferrers Fulke Esquiers The Maior of Stafford and Newcastle under Lyne for the time being The Bayliffes of Tam worth for the time being William Tr afford Walter Fowler Zachariah Babington Thomas Palmer Thomas Bagnald Thomas Scott Richard Bracegirdle Thomas Rugeley Thomas Villers Leicester Barber Sampson Birch Timothy Edge John Felton Sir John Bowyer Knight William Ward Esquire George Legg.

[lichfeild']

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Lichfeild [Sir2] Simon Martin Bayliffe The Bayliffe and Sheriffe for the time being Sir Theophiius Bydulph Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Archbold Knight Richard Dyott Walter Lideton Daniell Watson Thomas Minors Esquiers William Wythey James Allen John Rawlins Thomas Caterbanke and William Jesson Gentlemen.

[Somersett *]

For the County of Somersett Edward Seymour Esqs Speaker of the honourable House of Commons Sir Francis Roll Knight High Sheriffe of the County Maurice Viscount Fitzharding Francis Lord Hawley John Lord Digby Francis Pawlet Esq> Sir Edmond Windham Knight Marshall [Sir3]* John Sydenham Baronet Sir William Porteman Sir Hugh Smith Knights of the Bath and Baronets Sir William Windham Knight and Baronet Sir John Wroth Baronet Sir John Coventry Sir Edward Hungerford Sir Francis Popham Knights of the Bath Sir Geoige Homer Sir Thomas Bridges Sir William Bassett Sir Thomas Gore Sir Edward Phillips Sir John Mallet Sir Stephen Foxe Sir George Norton Sir James Hayes Sir John Churchill Sir John Coppleston Knights Edward Phillips George Speake Ralph Stawell Peregrine Palmer Francis Windham Edward Gorges William Hellyar Edward Nevill Edward Berkley Maurice Berkley de Yarlington Thomas Windham de Witham Esquiers Thomas Windham William Bull Henry Bull John Dodington John Strachey Henry Bull of Midsummer-Norton John Buckland Thomas Wan* Robert Hunt Thomas Piggott Henry Waldron John Harrington Halswell Tynt William Lacy Warwicke Bampfeild Edward Bampfield William Strode Edward Strode Thomas Strode de Maxerton Edward Clarke Henry Henley George Homer Edward Court Richard Jones Henry Car rant John Fox Robert Hawley John Hunt Anthony Pawlet William Speake John Sl Albans Henry Light Peter Roynon William Haxboard George Stedman John Prawse William Coward William Thynne Richard Morgan William Clerke Esquiers Richard Musgrove Copleston Horton Humphrey Sydenham Edward Fripp Richard Crosse William Orange Richard Launsdowne Charles Staynings and Joseph Langton.

[Citty of Wells1]

For the Citty of Wells The Maior for the time being, The Recorder Nicholas Niblet John Day John Davidge John Davis Francis Simmons James Clutterbucke Maurice Berkley Gen!

[Towne of Bridgewater1]

For the Towne of Bridgewater The Maior for the time being.

[Citty of Bath*]

For the Citty of Bath The Maior for the time being, The Recorder Walter Gibbs Henry Chapman Robert Pearce Doctor of Phisicke John Masters Gen!

A.D. 1672.

25° Car. II. c. J.

769

[Citty of Bristoll*]

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll The Maior and Sheriffes for the time being Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath and one of the Justices of the Common Pleas Sir John Knight Sir Robert Cam Knight and Baronet Sir Humphrey Hooke (*) Sir Thomas Langton [Knights*] John Lauford EsqN Thomas Stephens Alderman Sir Robert Yeamans Knight and Baronet John Knight (3) John Hicks [Esquiers3] Richard Streamour Aldermen Ralph Ayliffe William Crabb Richard Crump John Lloyd Joseph Creswicke Richard Harte Robert Aldworth Thomas Jennins William Colson Esquiers.

[Southampton *]

For the County of Southampton Charles Lord Sl John of Basing William Russell Edward Noell Esquiers Sir Robert Howard Knight Sir George Carteret Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Worsley Sir Kingsmill Lucy Sir John Norton Sir Hugh Stewkley Sir William Lewis Sir Robert Dillington Sir William Meux Sir Thomas Bad Sir Nicholas Steward Sir Andrew Henley Sir Mundeford Brampston Sir John Oglander Sir Tamworth Reresby Baronets Sir Robert Holmes Sir Thomas Higgons Sir Robert Henley Sir Richard Knight Sir Stephen Fox Sir Francis Rolle Sir James Woresly Sir Edward Woresly Sir John Clobery Sir Charles Windham Knights William Smith Esqs High Sheriffe Richard Norton Thomas Neale Lawrence Hyde Henry Wallop Thomas Knowlis Richard Lucy John Leigh Esquiers James Halsell Charles West Thomas Jervis John Richards Captaine George Legg Henry Whitehead George Pitt Leonard Bilson Richard Cobbe John Hooke Thomas Cole of Lisle Phillip Leigh James May Richard Compton Lodowicke Lewis John Woolveridge Benjamin Rudyard Roger Gallop Francis Tilney Henry Bromfield Arthur Bold Edward Norton William Wither Edward Hooper of Hume Court Francis Dickins John Stewkley White Tichbome Bartholimew Price Daniell Kingsmill John Kingsmill Henry Tulse Thomas Edmonds Robert Oxenbridge Robert GofFe Richard Love Peter Bettersworth William Stephens Henry Doyley Edward Cooke John Fawlkenor John Man Esquiers Richard Bishop Arthur Tayler Henry Perrin William Stanley John Pawlin Gabrieli Whistler John Deane William Wall Henry Kelsey Henry Goddard Richard Ayliffe Edward Hyde John Dingley John Mathew Thomas Knight Thomas Urrey of Gatcombe David Urrey of Freshwater John Smith John Rives Edward Pile William Stanley William Tulse (3) Robert Richbell [Esquiers3] The Maior of Portsmouth for the time being Hugh Salisbury Phillip James Aldermen of the same William Hussey and William Goddard Esquiers.

[Winchester *]

For the Citty of Winchester The Maior of the said Citty for the time being Thomas Wavell Thomas Muspratt Nicholas Purdue Edmond Fifield William Tayler William Cradocke Aldermen of the said Citty.

[Southampton']

For the Towne and County of Southampton The Maior for the time being William Stanley Robert Richbell Thomas Cornelius James dungeon Henry Pitt Richard White Aldermen of the said Towne and County John Speede of the same Doctor in Phisicke The Maior of Newport The Maior of Yarmouth The Maior of Basingstoke and The Bayiiffes of Andover for the time being.

[Suffolke*J

For the County of Suffolke Lionel! Lord Huntingtower Sir John Duncombe Knight Chauncellour of the Exchequer Walter Devereux Esquire Sir Charles North Sir Edmond Bacon Sir Henry Felton Sir Robert Kempe Sir Henry Bacon Sir William Spring Sir John Castleton Sir Thomas Cullum Sir [Sir "] service Elwice Sir [Robert4] Darcie Sir Robert Cordall Sir William Doyley Sir Thomas Bamadiston Sir Phillip Parker Sir Henry North Sir John Duke Sir Robert Brooke Baronets Sir Charles Gaudy Sir George Reeve Sir Thomas Allen Knights and Baronets Sir Nicholas Bacon Sir John Knivet Sir John Bennet Knights of the Bath Sir Phillip Parker Sir John Pettus Sir John Pooly Sir Thomas Harvey Sir John Winife Sir Nevill Catelin Sir John Hanmer Sir William Bloys Sir Algernoon May Sir Thomas Smith Sir Jeffery Burwell Sir Phillip Meadows Sir Thomas Meadowes Sir Francis Theobalds Knights John Harvey Treasurer to Her Majesty Edward Proger Thomas Glemham Thomas Holland Thomas Walgrave senior Thomas Walgrave junior John Cordall John Southerby William Gipps Clement Higham Benjamin Cutler of the Chauntry William Bloys John Wright Francis Warner Thomas Stewart Robert Wright Thomas Wright Joseph Brand John Playters Lionell Playters John Cole Robert Marryot John Bence of Kingsfeild William Stiles John Rouse Henry Coppinger Doctor Thomas Arris Francis Barker Thomas Dade John Scrivener Robert King John Lambe Edward North William Aston Thomas Allen Robert Butts Thomas Butts William Rivett Thomas Golding Francis Burwell William Some senior Charles Cornwallis Edward Plum Edward Mann Edward Clench Richard Kirby Thomas Turill Thomas Edger Reinold Williams Allen Cotton Thomas Vesy Charles Vesy Phillip Haward William Gouch Framlingham Gaudy Anthony Gaudy Ptolomy Talemach William Germy Henry Parker Thomas Bacon John Breame of Ash John Spencer John Bedingfield Edmond Bedingfejjd William Glover Thomas Day Richard Vesy Henry Edger Samuell Kirridge William Somes junior Edmond Sheppard William Culham Edmond Gardiner Robert Browning Henry Stebbing John Brooke Paul Buckenham John Thurston Thomas Edger junior Doctor John [Kivet ’] Doctor Owen Hughes William Duncombe Stephen Morley Baptist May Thomas Jerman (3) Samuell Alston Phillips Wallis Esquiers The

1 O. omits. 2 Knl O. * Esq O. 4 Thomas 0. ' Rivett 0.

Vul. V.

9k

770

25° Car. II. c. 1

A.D. 1672

Maior of Sudbury for the time being Sir Robert Cordall Baronet Thomas Walgrave John Cordall Doctor Butcher Joseph Woods John Cooke Daniell Cooke Catesby Towne Clerke John Warner Samuell Cabecke Gen?

The Bayliffes of Dunwich for the time being Sir John Pettus Knight William Wood Esquire John Benefice Thomas Tokely Thomas Grey Thomas Goddard Gentlemen.

[Ipswich *]

The Bayliffes of Ipswich for the time being William Bloys John Wright Thomas Edger Recorder Nicholas Phillips Miles Wallis Luke Gore Gilbert Linfeild William Cullam Charles Wright and Robert Clarke Gentlemen.

[Sl Edmonds Bury*]

For the Burrough of Saint Edmonds Bury The Aldermen for the time being John Southerby Recorder Sir Thomas Harvey Knight Thomas Holland (*) William Duncombe [Esquiers *] Richard Gipps of Homingu Thomas Goddard James Cobb Francis Browne Robert Sharpe Mathew Warren Samuell Hustler and Thomas Burrowes Gen?

[Aldburrough']

For the Burrough of Aldburrough The Bayliffes for the time being Sir John Holland Baronet John Bence Esq* Thomas Ellyot John Browne Thomas Wall Ralph Rabbitt Walter Garfoote and Alexander Osborne Gentlemen.

[Burrough of Orford1]

For the Burrough of Orford The for the time being Walter Devereux Esq* Sir Allen Brodericke

Knight Thomas Hastings Joseph Hastings Francis Mace James Coppin and Edward Ewen Gentlemen.

[Surrey ■]

For the County of Surrey and Burrough of Southwarke James Burton Esq* High Sheriffe of the County of Surrey Charles Earle of Ancram of the Kingdome of Scotland Francis Lord Aungier of the Kingdome of Ireland, Lord Huntingtowre Sir Edward Thurland one of the Barons of the Exchequer Francis Coventry Esq* Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath Sir Walter S* Johns (3) Sir Anthony Vincent (3) Sir Adam Browne (3) Sir Thomas Trevoire (3) Sir William More (3) Sir Marmaduke Gresham (3) Sir Richard Stydolfe (3) Sir Robert Long (3) Sir Edward Bromfeild^) Sir John Werden (3) Sir Phillip Mathewes [Baronets3] Sir George Freeman Knight of the Bath Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir William Terringham Knight of the Bath Sir Edmond Bowyer Sir Charles Howard Sir William Haward Sir Thomas Nott Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Robert Parkhurst Sir Richard Hatton Sir Allen Brodericke Sir Nicholas Carew Sir Edward Bish Sir William Hoskins Sir Cirill Wiche Sir Thomas Forster Sir James Austin Sir Richard Mason Sir Dawes Wymondsold Sir John Plott Sir Dennis Gawden Sir Purbecke Temple Knights Arthur Onslow Henry Hildierd Bernard Greenfield George Chute Edward Evelin William Mountague junior Roger James Christopher Buckle George Evelin [senior4] John Scott William Ellyott Anthony Thomas Thomas Dalmahoy James Zouch Vincent Randyll John Holmeden John Dawes George Browne Ambrose Browne Anthony Bowyer Edward Thurland George Evelin of Blechingley George Evelin of Wootton junior Denzill Onslow John Weston of Ockham William Muschampe George Smith John Thynne George Garth Thomas Turges Mathew Carleton Roger Duncombe George Duncombe George Woodroffe George Vernon Thomas Brend James Gresham John Thynne White Tichbume William Harvey [Stephen4] Harvey James Freeman Edward Freeman William Lenthall Samuell Rous John Highlord Samuell Howland Walter Howland Charles Good Captaine Robert Coke Thomas Lee Peter Hussey Captaine Clarke of Sheene Richard Heath Doctor John Windebanke John Wight John Byne of Camberwell Edward Gresham Sygismond Stydolfe Edward Trapps Mathew Andrewes John Parker Thomas Sidderfin George Holman George Turner Thomas Arden Rowland Jewks Henry Byne John Heather John Jordan Ellis Crispe William Angell John Jones of London Thomas Jenner James Oast James Clarke Henry Haughton Francis Gerrard Richard Dalton Samuell Wall Giles Dunstar William Haukins John Glynn Shem Bridges Anthony Covert Esquiers George Smith of Wandsworth William Brownlough Richard Mountany Richard West Mr Lloyd of Stretham John Chelsham Thomas Benson Sir Edmond Wyndham Sir James Butler Mr Pepys of Merton-Abbey Somerset Draper Richard Coldham of Downfarm George Coldham of Waverly The Maior of Guildford for the time being Richard Creswell Caleb Westbrooke Richard Symms John Spencer John Childe Francis Knight John Reave of Farnham James Reading William Castles Thomas Locke William Cannon John Wilkinson William Hkkox Richard How Peter Rich Captaine Price Peter Delanoy Edward Ball George Meggott Jacob May John Butler Tobias Solby Abraham Hubbard Richard Holman Gentlemen William Haward Esquire Stephen Moseley Edward Woodward William Branbrugh.

[Sussex *]

For the County of Sussex Charles Lord Buckhurst John Tufton Richard Tufton Thomas Tufton Esquiers Sir John Pelham Sir William Culpeper Sir Cedll Bishop Sir Adam Browne Sir James Bowyer Sir John Covert (s) Sir William Thomas Sir John Stapeley Sir John Fagg (3) Sir Denny Ashbumham Sir Anthony Shurley Sir William Wilson Baronets Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Woodcocke Sir Thomas Nutt Sir George Courthopp Sir Henry Peckham Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir James Moreton Knights George Parker Thomas Sackvile Henry Goreing senior Henry Goreing junior William Garraway Nisill Rivers Richard Bridger Edward Mitchelbourne Thomas

A.D. 167%.

25° Car. II. c. 1

771

Midleton junior Robert Fagg Anthony Feaversfeild John Eversfeild Edward Eversfeild Edward Blaker (') Henry West Miles Cooke Esquires Edward Chowne John Gratwicke William Stracy John Backshall Gent John Alford Thomas Midleton senior Simon Smith John Midleton Esquires John Mitchell John Machell Bray Chowne Gens Oliver Weekes Robert Palmer William Palmer Thomas Garroway Esquires Henry Edmonds Richard Nash Thomas Paine Francis Mose Christopher Coles Richard Mills Gentlemen William Westbrooke Ralph Mills John May Richard May Robert Anderson Thomas Betsworth Esquires Thomas Palmer Richard Cooper Thomas Young John Peckham Thomas Peckham Richard Young Gens Thomas Grey John Steward Henry Shelley John Millington Walter Dobell Peter Courthop Esquires Edward Traiton John Oliver William Lane Thomas Beard Nicholas Sellwin Gentlemen Henry Bishop William Spence William Kempe Sackvile Graves William Dyke John Baker senior John Baker junior William Morley Edward Pollhill Roger Shoiswell Walter Everden Thomas Frewen Robert Fowle Edward Shepheard Esquires John Fuller Peter Famden John Busbridge John Dyne John Dunke Thomas Bromfeild junior Gens Thomas Bromfeild senior Thomas Collins Peircy Goreing Henry West Nicholas Leicet William Peckham Henry Peckham Esquires The Maior of Arundell The Maior of Chichester John Chele senior John Chele junior Lawrence Alcock John Cooke William Hardum Joseph King Gens Christopher May Esqs Mathew Young Gens William Westbrook Gens Phillip Packer Eqs Sir Nicholas Stroud The Maior of Hasting The Maior of Rie The Maior of Winchelsea The Bayliffe of Seaford for the time being and The Bayliffe of Peversey for the time being.

[Warwicke *]

For the County of Warwicke Sir Francis Compton Knight Fulke Grevill Thomas Coventry Charles Leigh Esquiers Sir Robert Holt Sir Richard Temple Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton Sir Edward Boughton Sir Clement Fisher Sir Roger Burgoigne Sir John Knightley Sir Herbert Price Sir Thomas Norton Sir Theophilus Biddulph Sir John Hales Sir Fuller Skipwith Sir William Bromeley Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Adderley Sir Charles Lee Sir William Palmer Sir Arthur Caley Sir William Underhill Sir Richard Hopkins Sir Richard Bishop Sir John Clopton Sir William Throckmorton Knights Richard Nudigate Sergeant at Law Richard Lucy John Ferrars Thomas Archer John Bridgeman Orlando Bridgeman Richard Nudigate Esquires William Somerville Seabret Reppington Harvey Baggott John Lisle Henry Pudsey John Rouse William Purefoy Richard Boughton of Bilton Richard Verney senior of Kingston Richard Verney junior of Kingston Henry Ferrars William Combes Thomas Marryot Thomas Rawlins Charles Newsham Hastings Ingram Thomas Wagstaffe George Devereux William Bath of Witton Charles Bentley Humphrey Jennyngs Thomas Corben George Sacheverell Richard Hopkins John Newsham Thomas Temple James Prescott Henry Shugburgh Esq> Henry Parker William Loggins Henry Mathews The Maior of Warwicke for the time being The Maior of Stratford for the time being The Bayiiffes of Tamworth for the time being.

[Coventry*]

For the County of the Citty of Coventry The Maior for the time being Sir Clement Fisher Sir Thomas Norton Sir John Hales Baronets Sir Richard Hopkins Sergeant at Law Sir Robert Townesend Sir Arthur Caley Sir William Jesson Knights Richard Hopkins Henry Greene Esquires John Woolridge William Jolliffe Joseph Chambers Julius Billers James Nayler Nathaniell Harriman Aldermen Robert Beake and Thomas Wagstaffe Gentlemen.

[Worcester1]

For the County of Worcester Mr Secretary Coventry M* Coventry Sir John Packington Sir Henry Litleton Sir Francis Russell Sir Edward [Ceabrigbt3] Sir William Keyh Sir James Rushout Sir Thomas Cookes Baronet Sir Henry Herbert Sir Rowland Berkley Sir John Winford Sir John Talbot Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Hanmer (4) Sir John Bamaby Sir Francis Wynnington Knights Collonell Samuell Sandis John Packington Edward Rowse Samuell Sandys junior Sherrington Talbot Thomas Savage Thomas Savage junior of [Elmey-Castle5] James Pitts Robert Berkley Francis Finch Edward Carew Joseph Walsh Thomas Childe Henry Townshend John Nanfan Thomas Streete Edward Dingley Leonard Simpson Litleton Clent Richard Vernon Charles Cornwallis Edward Parteridge William Sheldon of Broadway Walter Savage Thomas Jolliffe Thomas Simons Thomas Foley senior Thomas Foley junior Phillip Parsons Anthony Crump Henry Evett William Wasborae William Hancocke John Charlett Thomas Watson of Bengworth Henry Spiller William Ligon Henry Jeffryes Brome Whorwood Phillip Brace senior Phillip Brace junior Thomas Bushell Thomas Haslewood of Wick Esqs Francis Sheldon Thomas Stephens John Bearcroft Bridges Nanfan Thomas Chetle of the Walhouse senior Thomas Vernon Robert Foley Henry Parker Gerrard Dannett Thomas Turvey Richard Dowdeswell Martin Sandys Humphrey Perrot junior Esq* Gar ran of Aunton

Gentlemen Higgins James Thomas Barker The Maior of Evesham for the time being The Bayiiffes of Droitwich for the time being The Bayiiffes of Bewdley for the time being Anthony Langston John Sandys Mathew Skinner Do£tor of Phisicke.

[Citty of Worcester1]

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester The Maior, Aldermen and Sheriffe for the time being Sir John Packington Baronet Collonell Samuell Sandys Sir Rowland Berkley Knight Thomas Streete Thomas Vernon Thomas Harris Robert Wilde Esquires Richard Bedowes Henry Taylor John Bearcroft William Norris Humphry Tyrer William Swift Gens.

* Esquires O. • 0. omits. 5 Seabright O. 4 Knights O. Elmely Castle 0

772

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1672.

{[Wilts'3

For the County of Wilts Edward Seymour Esq, Speaker to the honourable House of Commons Henry Lord Colraine Henry Viscount Combury Anthony Lord Ashley Edward Howard Esqs Sir Robert Howard Knight Sir Walter Sl John Sir Robert Button Sir Seymour Pile Sir Giles Escourt Sir Richard Grobham-How Sir Robert Long Sir George Grobham-How Sir Walter Erneley Sir Giles Tooker and Sir Walter Long Baronets Sir John Coventry Sir Edward Hungerford Sir John Nicholas Sir Francis Popham Sir Edward Bainton Knights of the Bath Sir John Evelin Sir John Talbott Sir Edward Poole Sir George Hungerford Sir Thomas Estcourt Sir Thomas Ivy Sir John Weld Sir Henry Cocker Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir John Ernie Sir Stephen Fox Sir Richard Harrison Phillip Howard Esq> Edmund Pile Thomas Hum Gentlemen Sir Joseph Ash Baronet Sir John Sl Law Sir Edward Lowe Knights Thomas Thynne James Mountague George Pitt Edward Ernie Richard Lewis George Cooper Francis Wroughton John Plydall William Glanville John Hall Henry Clarke William Jourdan James Long William Eyre William Brunker William Ducket Ralph Freeke George Ayliffe Thomas Estcourt Henry Hungerford Giles Hungerford Thomas Bennett George Bond Edmund Wamford Thomas Mompesson Robert Hyde Bernard Pawiet William Ash Alexander [Thistlewaite *] Maurice Beckland Oliver Calley Thomas Lambert John Harrison John Windham Esqs John Smith de Tydworth John Long Richard Aid worth Gilbert Raleigh John Collins George Lowe Jeffery Daniell Edward Goddard de Standen William Willoughby Christopher Willoughby Thomas Gore William Trenchard Richard Estcourt George Johnson Giles Eyre senior Samuell Eyre William Swanton Henry Clerke junior Giles Eyre junior Thomas Halls Thomas Chamberlaine George Ivy Nevill Masklyn Robert Drew John Bowles Robert Chaundler John Topp Thomas Pile Peter Dove Joseph Stockman Thomas Hungerford Oliver Nicholas Richard Powle Henry Wallis Edmond Webb John Danvers John Ash Michaell Ernie Samuell Ash Thomas Gerrard of Swindon Richard Davy George Parry Thomas Clerke Edward Nott John Mervin William Chaffin William Thynne William Norborne John Hawkins John Mompesson Richard Holt Francis Hill Lawrence Swanton Edward Goddard junior de Ogbome Abiotin Stokes Charles Tooker Benjamin Gifford John Fitzherbert John Bennet Gabrieli Ashley John Brooke Robert Challoner William Herst Charles Yorke Ephrim Westle Richard Geene Robert Hippesley John Young John Metwin Richard Poore John Jacob Thomas Dennet senior Walter Dowse Mathew Bennett William Hewes Giles Lybcot Thomas Dove William Chap[h3]man William Levett John Bigg George Sadler William Grinfeild Jonathan Rogers Mr Edward Nicholas Mr Hancocke with [ the1 ] Maiors of Wilton and Devizes and Marleburrough for the time being.

[Citty of Sarum']

For the Citty of Sarum Robert Jones Gent Maior and The Maior for the time being Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Stephen Fox Knights William Swanton Recorder Edward Edmunds Maurice Greene Thomas Gardiner John Joyce Thomas Williams Edmund Macks Christopher Gardiner James Bennett Giles Naish Aldermen George Low George Vennard Richard Davis Richard Holt William Hearst Gabrieli Ashley Thomas Harris Francis Hill John Stevens.

[ Westmerland 1 ]

For the County of Westmerland Thomas Tufton Esqs Sir Phillip Musgrave Sir William Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir Richard Sandford Sir John Lowther [Sir John Lowther3] Baronets Sir Thomas Strickland Knight Richard Musgrave Esq^ Sir Christopher Musgrave [KnlJ] John Dalston Esqs James Bellingham Daniell Flemming Thomas Sandford Richard Brathwaite Robert Hilton John Otway Thomas Brathwaite Edward Wilson Henry Wilson Thomas Fletcher Lancelot Matchell Christopher Dalstons Esquires Thomas Gabetis Thomas Sands John Fisher Richard Duckett Gentlemen, The Maiors of Appleby and Kendall for the time being.

[Yorke*]

Eor the West Rideing in the County of Yorke George Viscount Castleton Charles Lord Clifford Henry Lord Fairfax Lord S* John Conyers Darcy Esqs Sir Thomas Osborne Sir Henry Goodricke Sir Richard Mauleverer Sir John Reresby Sir John Hay Sir John Armitage Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir William Ingleby Sir Solomon Swaile Sir William Robeby Sir Godfrey Copley Sir Edmond Wynne Sir John Jackson Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir George Cooke Sir William Franckland Sir John Bennett Baronets Sir Thomas Wharton Sir Jervase Cutler Sir John Hewley Sir Thomas Wentworth Sir William Wentworth Sir John Dawney Sir William Lowther Sir Francis Goodricke Sir Edmond Jennings Sir Christopher Clapham Sir Ralph Knight Sir Thomas Yarbrough Knights John Ramsdon of Biram Richard Hutton Thomas Mauleverer Walter Hawkesworth Welbury Norton Ambrose Pudsey William Palmes John Vavasour Sandford Nevill Francis Nevill Walter Calverley John Bole Henry Eyre Doctor in Phisicke John Savill of Midley John Wentworth of Wolley Bradwardine Tyndall Francis Foljombe John Vincent Willoughby Rokeby Major Francis Reresby William Lowther John Bilby Richard Washington William Hamond John Boynton Thomas Yarbrough Walter Lister William Fairfax Henry Stapleton Arthur Ingram William Stockdale William Drake Inglebert Leeds Cuthbert Wade Richard Weston John Stanhope of Grimston William Ellis Charles Osborne Tobias Jenkins George Aystable Robert Harrison John Adams of Scansby John Stanhop Roger Portington John Clarke Edward

* 0. omits.

* Thistlethwaite O.

3 interlined on the Roll.

25° Car. II. c. 1.

773

Lewis John Garland Henry Atkinson Francis White Thomas Lister of Bawtree John Adams of Rokeles Thomas Haber John Otway Miles Stanley Doyley Gowre Thomas Fawkes Henry Hich Jonathan Jennyngs Henry Edmunds Robert Benson John Ashton John Lister Thomas Parker Johnson of Scatebourne Lionell Copley senior

Lionell Copley junior Henry Marsden William Drake Henry Slingsby Esquiers John Preston Robert Walter George Fothergill Christopher Drisseild Charles Richards Richard Albrough John Atkinson Henry Redshaw William Laughton John Laughton Lawrence Wharton Henry Cooke Captaine John Atkinson William Roundle Thomas Gill John Mattrum John Hatfeild George Westby William Beckwith John Slyman John Batty George Rayson Edward Shepheard The Maior of Rippon The Maior of Doncaster The Maior of Pontefradi The Maior of Leedes for the time being.

For the North Rideing in the said County of Yorke Charles Lord S* John Conyers D’Arcy (1) Marmaduke D* Arcy (1) James D*Arcy [Esquiers1] Sir Thomas Osborne Sir Christopher Wivill Sir Hugh Cholmeley Sir [Christopher1] Mauleverer Sir Metcalfe Robinson Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Solomon Swaile Sir Henry Stapleton Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir David Fowlis Sir William Frankland Sir John Lowther Sir John Napier Sir Roger Langley Sir William Caley Sir George Marwood Sir Richard [Gralime3] of Nunnington Sir Richard [Gralime3] of Norton Sir Christopher Wandesford Sir William Chator Sir James Pennyman Sir John Hotham Baronets Sir Thomas Strickland Sir John Howley Sir William Dalton Sir Edward Challenor Sir John Dawney Sir Phillip Monkton Sir Robert Layton Sir Joseph Craddocke Knights William Wivill William [Lason4] Gower William Gower Henry Marwood William Caley John How John Beverley Roger Beckwith Thomas Rokeby Brian Laton Roger [Tabott3] John Dodsworth of Wallas Hugh Cholmley Richard Peirce Barrington Bourchier Henry Calverley Edward Croft Thomas Robinson Anthony Frankland Major Norton Thomas Norton of Langthome Christopher Norton William Weddall Serjeant Turner Isaac Fairfax Humphrey Wharton Robert Wharton William Asquith John Wivill of Olgerly John Gibson Edward Hutchinson of Wickham Leonard [Gralime3] Francis Drisseild Charles Tankred Thomas Jackson William Feilding William Palmes [John6] Heblethwaite William Robinson Edward Trotter Anthony Lowther Hugh Bethell James Morley Tymothy Mauleverer Thomas Hazle William Thompson Thomas Worsley Captaine Leonard Robinson William Metcalfe Walter Lister John Colston Thomas Wayt Henry Crolland Charles Bellasis Charles Allanson John Chapman Roger Lee William Dawson William Trueman Francis Cummin Robert Bushell Thomas Lastalls Thomas Bodsworth of Barton Thomas Gill Charles Layton Tristram Fish Timothy Ford Walter Bethell Christopher Percy-Hay, The Maior of Richmond and the Bayliffes of Scarborough for the time being, John Blackston Gentleman.

East Rideing in the said County of Yorke Charles Lord Clifford Charles Lord S' John Sir John ftotham Sir Francis Boynton Sir Robert Hilyard Sir Watkenson Pailer Sir Thomas Rudston Sir Henry North Sir John Legard Sir Henry S1 Quintin Sir William Strickland Baronets Sir Phillip Monkton Sir Thomas Dangell Sir Thomas Remington Sir Hugh Bethell Sir Francis Cobb Sir William Cobb Sir Ralph Warton Sir Edward Barnard Sir Michaell Warton Sir Mathew Peirson Sir Henry Thompson Sir Jonathan Atkins Knights Tobias Jenkins Michaell Warton Robert Ruck Durand Hotham John Lister Henry Holmes Christopher Hillyard John Vavasour William Osbaldeston William Grimston Robert Southaby Richard Robinson Thomas Crompton William Gee senior William Gee junior Richard Legard William Boynton Stephen Thompson Walter Bethell William Thompson Robert Constable Richard Thompson Henry Hillyard senior John Stapilton John Heron Henry Portington Phillip Saltmarshe John Clerke William Sl Quintin James Moyser Thomas Fesbett John Aeroyde Hugh Bethell James Heblethwaite Marmaduke Constable Richard Remington Thomas Strickland Mathew Alered Esquires William Blunt William Lowings Francis Bushell John Belton Ralph Higdom Richard Graham Robert Hollis Thomas Langley Ellis Cowper Edward Grey Robert Prickett Timothy Remington Gentlemen, The Maior of Beaverley and The Maior of Headdon for the time being.

[Citty of Yorke7]

For the Citty of Yorke and the County of the same The Lord Maior The Aldermen and Sheriffes for the time being Henry Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Thomas Osborne Sir Metcalfe Robinson Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir Richard Maleverer Sir Roger Langley Sir Henry Goodricke Sir George Reeves Sir John Hewley Baronets John Tumor Sergeant at Law Doctor Burwell Henry Stapleton Joseph Scott Charles Allanson John Tompson Richard Ethrington Tobias Jenkins James Moyser William Fairfax Thomas Robinson Thomas Hutton John Swaile Phillip Prince William Raundall Thomas Hesket John Brooke George Aisliby Phillip Herbert Mr Suansdale Richard Tenant Anthony Walker Esqs Mr Robert Hillery Mr John Hillary Mr Waller Mr Thomas Fairfax Mr Henry Parsons Mr Thomas Langley.

[Kingston upon Hull3]

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull The Maior for the time being William Foxley William Ramsden Christopher Richardson George Crowle Richard Wilson William Skinner Richard Frank Anthony Lambert Humphry Duncalfe George Aiklam Daniell Hoare Aldermen Anthony Gilby (*) Andrew Murrell [ Esquires1] The Sheriffe for the time being Christopher Hildiard Esq^ The Wardens of Trinity House for the time being Edmund Popple John Lister John Rogers John Feild John Perkins Gentlemen Robert Hollis Esqs.

9l

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1672

[WALES*]

[Anglesey*]

The County of Anglesey Robert Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cassells of the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Bolkley Esquires Sir Hugh Owen Baronet Nicholas Bagenall Esq* Pierce Lloyd senior Richard Bulkley John Robinson Pierce Lloyd junior Richard Mericke John Griffith of Llanvaithly Robert Roberts Esqs William Williams Thomas Holland David Lloyd-Llidiard William Bulkley of Brinddy Conisby Williams Cornelius Weringden Esq* Owen Hughes John Owens of Penrhose Edward Wynne Rowland Whitts Howell Lewis Henry Jones Esquires Henry Davies William Williams of Treardder William Lewis Edward Price of Trevadog John Wood John Owen Hugh Williams David Williams William Roberts of Caere Owen Williams Richard Edwards John Hughes John Williams John Prichard William Griffith Richard Hughes The Maior of Bumorris for the time being.

[Brecon *]

For the County of Brecon Sir William Leuis and Sir Herbert Price Baronets Sir [Edward *] Price Edward Proger Esq* Thomas Streete Esq* Justice of Assise Sir Walter Williams Baronet William Morgan of Therrow Thomas Price and Thomas Lane Esquires Thomas Mansell Esq* of Penderry Hugh Powell Henry Proger Edward Games and John Jeoffreys Esquires Henry Williams of Cabalva William Le Hunt Esq* Lewis Morgan His Majestyes Attoumey Generali Walter Vaughan Esq* John Stedman Samuell Prichard Thomas Williams of Aberdnlayes Henry Rumsey William Morgan of Newton Esquires Doctor Thomas Williams John Williams of Condee James Watkins Henry Steadman and John Gwynn Esquires John Morgan of Llangenny David Morgan of Lawenarth and David Gwinne of the Parke Gen! Rees Price Esq* William Lloyd of Wemos Edward Williams of Waringin Jasper Mil ward and Thomas Bowen Esquires Richard Williams of Aberbrame John Powell of Brecknocke Esq* Henry Williams of Llangunnedor Lewis Gunter David Jenkins of the Therrow John Gunter John Morgan of Werno Jeffrey Jeffreys of Lliwell William Lloyd of Llangamath William Bowen junior Howell Powell Edmund Jones Recorder of Brecon William Sanders Charles Roberts Richard Jones and William Phillips of Brecknock, The Bayliffe and the two Aldermen for the time being.

[Cardigan *]

For the County of Cardigan Sir Richard Price of Gogartham Baronet Edward Vaughan of Transcoed [Esq*1] Erasmus Lloyd of Ystradtiloe (4) James Phillips of Cardigan HeAor Phillips and Thomas Lewis late of Cumaven [Esquiers3] Thomas Jenkins of Vardrey [Warkin5] Lloyd of Weme Thomas Jones of Llanvayre Walter Lloyd Nicholas Lewis and Richard Herbert late of Lanina Esquires John Vaughan of Llanlery John Price of Randyr Thomas Jones of Llingary Thomas Lewis of Cardigan and Abell Griffith Gentlemen.

[Carmarthen1]

For the County of Carmarthan John Lord Vaughan Altham Vaughan Sir Henry Vaughan Knight Sir Edward Mansell Sir Sackvill Crow Baronets Sir Rice Rudd Sir Ralph [Bank6] Sir William Russell Sir Francis Cornwallis Knight Walter Rice Walter Vaughan of Llanelly Rowland Gwinne of Glanbraen William Gwinne of Taliaris Nicholas Williams of Rhidodin John Vaughan of Dertlis Richard Vaughan of [Tacicold7] Christopher Midleton John Vaughan of Placegwin Owen Brigstock John Powell of Llanurda Thomas Lloyd of Berlandowith John Williams of Abercothy Phillip Vaughan of Frinsaran Morgan Jones of Trigib Esquires Richard Gwinne of Wempas John Evans Thomas Davis of Newton Roger Manwaring Esq* Walter Morgan Gentleman Jarvies Jones of Dulacothy Esq* Thomas Jones Gen!

[Towne of Carmarthan1]

For the Towne of Carmarthan The Maior for the time being John Lord Vaughan Altham Vaughan Sir Henry Vaughan Knight John Vaughan of Dertlis John Vaughan of Plasegwin Walter Vaughan of Kanelly Esquires Thomas Jones (R) Dawkin Gough (a) John Scurlock (*) Thomas Binon (g) George Lewis (*) John Oakley (*) William Brigstocke [Aldermen8] John Williams Esq* Robert Lewis the younger (8) Richard Thomas [Aldermen8]' Edward Jones Gen!

[Camarven1]

For the County of Camarvan Robert Lord [Viscount3] Buckley of the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Roberts (4) Thomas Buckley [ Esquires4] Sir Richard Wynne Sir Roger Mosdn Sir Robert Williams Baronets Sir Richard Lloyd Sir Thomas Jones Sergeant at Law Knights Cornelius Vermuyden Esq* Kenricke Eyton Thomas Mosdn Nicholas Bagnall William Griffith William Owen Griffith Vaughan Hugh Winne Thomas Vaughan John Wynne of Melas Thomas Wynne Robert Coytmore Hugh Williams William Buckley Griffith Bodurda Edmund Glynne John Wynne of Berthaur Thomas Madrin John Wynne of Tyhwynne Richard Anwell John Glynne Thomas Glynne Richard Gruffith Robert Hookes Owen Wynne Thomas Wynne of Glascoed Richard Kiffin William Pritherigh John Winne of Peniurth Herbert Gruffith Robert Wynne of Keselgivarch William Wynne of Pengweme Robert Wynne of Llannor William Williams Hugh Bodurda William Spicer [ 9] Thomas of Camarven Esquires William

Arthur Owen Parry Richard Edwards Gentlemen.

1 0. omits. • Banks 0.

0 Richard 0. 5 interlined on the Roll.

* Taricold 0. s Alderman 0.

4 Esquire 0. * Watkin 0.

’ William 0.

A.D. 1672.

25° Car. II. c. 1.

775

[Denbigh']

For the County of Denbigh Edward Morris High Sheriffe Sir Richard Wynne Sir John Salisbury Sir Thomas Midleton Sir Thomas Powell Sir William Meredith Sir Thomas Trevour Sir Evan Lloyd Baronetts Sir Richard Lloyd Sir John Carter Sir Robert Agburough Sir John Wynne Sir John Trevor Sir Thomas Jones Sergeant at Law and Sir William Neile Knights William Owen William Salisbury Hugh Wynne John Wynne Mutton Davis Kadwalleder Wynne Edward Thelwell William Price Kenricke Eyton Thomas Vaughon John Robinson Be vis Lloyd Johu Thelwall John Edisbury Charles Midleton John Midleton Eubile Thelwell John Jeffreys Richard Midleton of Llanselin Edward Brereton William Williams Owen Thelwell Gabrieli Goodman Humphrey Hughes of Brintanger William Parry David Morris Owen Wynne Charles Goodman Humphrey Lloyd of Berse Mathew Price Robert Power John Puleston John Lloyd of Bodidrist Francis Manley John Lloyd Llanivis Hedd Lloyd William Vaughan of Bronhilog Hugh Roberts William Jones Ellis Lloyd Placengion and John Chambers Esquires Robert Wynne of Garthewynne Howell Lloyd James Thelwall Thomas Lloyd of Berse Meredith Wynne Captaine Thomas Yale John Williams of Carwedfinidd Edward Lloyd of Placmaddock Ellis' Lloyd of Egglwisig Morris Williams of Llanverras Eubule Lloyd of [Plaheniha * *.] John Lloyd of Wickwer The two Aldermen and two Bayiiffes of Denbigh Roger Midleton Edward Davis Robert Roberts and Foulke Davies Gentlemen.

[Flint1]

For the County of Flint Sir Thomas Hanmer Sir John Salisbury Sir [Robert3] Mostin and Sir William Glynne Baronets Sir John Hanmer and Sir John Trevor Knights Thomas Mostin Thomas Ravenscroft Mutton Davis Thomas Lloyd William Price Kendricke Eyton William Humner Robert Whitley Roger Whitley Peter Griffith Thomas Griffith William Griffith John Eyton Pierce Pennant John Parry Edward Pennant Edward Ravenscroft William Mostin Ellis Young John Mostin John Brougton Thomas Humphryes John Salisbury Ellis Evans Thomas Whitley Charles Jones Edward Lloyd Thomas Cratchley Owen Barton Edward Evatt Edward Morgan and John Hughes Esquires Luke Lloyd junior Walter Clapton Peter Peirce John Lloyd Owen Wynne and John Salisbury of Erbistog Gentlemen.

[Glamorgan *]

For the County of Glamorgan Charles Lord Herbert of Ragland Robert Lord Lisle Sir Richard Lloyd Knight Thomas Streete Esquire His Majestyes Justice of the Great Sessions Sir Edward Mansell Baronet Sir Edward Stradling Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Thomas Baronet Sir John Awbery Knight and Baronet Sir Charles Kemis Baronet Sir Lionell Jenkins Knight Judge of the Admiralty and Prerogative Bussy Mansell Robert Thomas Edmund Thomas William Herbert of Swanzey Thomas Lewis Edward Lewis John Awbery Edmond Lewis Herbert Evans David Mathews Phillip Jones Thomas Mathew Richard Bassett Edward Mathew of Abramen Thomas Basset of Llanvythen Thomas Carne Humphrey Windham David Jenkins Francis Gwynne Evan Seyes Sergeant at Law [William Basset Do£tor of Law4] John Windham Richard Lougher Phillip Hobby John Greenuph William Thomas of Llanbradock David Evans Thomas Evans John Lluellyn John Carne Richard Seyes Charles Bowen Miles Button Esquires Lyson Evans Rowland Dawkins George Williams George Lucas Robert Bidder Thomas Lougher of Comely William Bassett of Llandemore Thomas Mansell of Penrice Richard Jenkins of Pantinowell Robert Popkins Roger Powell of Enys-Glin Richard Seys of Boverton Martin Button Thomas Stradling John Van Esquires Edward Jenkins of Cowbridge Gentleman Captaine Thomas Morgan Thomas Mansell (s) Edmund Gamag William Thomas of Ruperry Edward Mansell of Hentlas Thomas Stradling junior Esquires James Gwin Thomas Lewis of Roth Mansell Stradling Edward Thomas Lewis Thomas James Turbervill Iltid Nicholl Thomas Gibbon Gens William Awbery of Pencard George Morgan of Istred Edmond Thomas of Orchard [ Esquires5] Jeremiah Dawkins Thomas Rees of Llanfa George Bowen Gentlemen Cradocke Wills Arthur Yeomans Bayiiffes of Cardiffe Edward Mansell.

[Merioneth *]

For the County of Merioneth [Nathan6] Jones Esqs HighSheriffe Sir Richard Wynne Baronets Sir Richard Lloyd and Sir John Wynne Knights William Salisbury William Owen William Price Griffith Vaughan of Corsygedall Edward Vaughan Hugh Naney Lewis Anwell John Pugh Vincent Corbett John Lloyd Roger Mostyn Owen Wynne Griffith Lloyd Lewis Owen William Vaughan of Caithle John Naney Howell Vaughan of Vaner Edmund Mericke Humphry Hughes Owen Eyton Richard Anwill Ellis Edwards John Morgans Morris Williams and John Mashmore Esquires Richard Naney John Owen of Havodowyll Griffith John Lewis Evan Lloyd of Rhrwygoch and William Humphreys.

[Mountgomery *]

For the County of Mountgomery Henry Herbert Andrew Newport Esquires Sir Richard Corbett Sir Mathew Price Sir Henry Herbert Sir John Whitterong Sir Charles Lloyd Sir Thomas Jones Sir Richard Masons Richard Owen of Rusaisin Edward Vaughan of Gloydiart Edward Vaughan of Gwemygoe Richard Herbert John Pugh Edward Lloyd of Birth-Lloyd Robert Leighton William Oakeley George Devereux Esq* Roger Moystin Edmond Wareing Mathew Price of Parkes Francis [Bull7] Thomas Corbett Thomas Wynde Arthur Wenor Mathew Morgan

1 0. omits. • Placviha 0. * Roger O.

• Nathaniell 0. 7 Buller 0.

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1672.

77 6

n.

Commissioners to meet on or before the 33d April

may divide themselves.

III.

Commissioners at their Meeting to set down in Writing what Number of Commissioners shall act in each Division, &c.

IV.

Commissioners in their several Divisions to cause the Proportions charged to be equally assessed, and to appoint Assessors,

Thomas Maurice David Powell Richard Stedman Athelnstan Owen Francis Fitzherbert John Mathews Richard Mittor William Eyton Robert Leigh Charles Herbert of Aston John Whittingham John Kiffin Edward Lloyd of Mathravall Esquires David Maurice Gen? Thomas Mason William Williams Richard Griffith of Sutton Esquires John Okeley Edward Whittingham Captaine John Lloyd Thomas Hudson Gen? John Williams Esq* Edward Evans of Rhidicarrow Humphrey Nicholas Vincent Pierce Gen? Edward Price of Glarmakley Humphry Griffiths Esquires Evan Vaughan Richard Bower Evan Evans of Coomc Christopher Annell James Penrhin Hugh Davies-Trewilan Edward Herbert Lodowicke Lewis John Bright of Mellington Meredeth Lloyd of Brinellen John Lloyd of Cowney Ellis Lloyd James Banner Henry Griffiths of Benthall Morgan Evans Nicholas Wareing William Penrhin Arthur Vaughon John Edwards of Flanvarie Ellis Morgan William Biggs Gentlemen Edward Barret Esq* Richard Herbert of Kerry Gentleman Evan Glynn David Price Gentleman.

[Haverford West1]

For the Towne and County of Haverford West Sir Fredericke Hyde Robert Prust Maior for the time being Lewis Barron Alderman John Williams Alderman and William Browne Alderman John Thomas Esq* Thomas Cozens Alderman Thomas Bowen Alderman Richard Crowler Alderman William Williams (*) Richard Jones (*) John Lloyd Mercer John Bateman [Gentlemen1] Richard Williams Sadler.

[Pembrooke']

For the County of Pembrooke Sir Erasmus Phillips (*) Sir John Stepney (s) Sir Hugh Owen [Baronets3] Sir Herbert [Berrot4] Knight Sir Fredericke Hyde Arthur Owen Esq* Rowland Langhorn senior Lewis Barlow William Scouerfield Esquires Lewis Wogan of Boulstan Essex Meyricke Lewis Wogan of Wiston Hugh Bowen William Phillips Rowland Langharne junior William Mordaunt Thomas Corbett William Wogan Thomas Phillips Esquires Thomas Lloyd Thomas Bowen of Troloyne John Williams of Gumferston Isaac Lloyd Arthur Owens of Johnstone John Owens of Trocoone Griffith Davis James Bowen James Lloyd Morris Wogan Thomas Jones John Mathias William Meare Esquires William Owen of Henllys John EUyott and William Lloyd of Trowent Gentlemen Arthur Langharne John Owen of Prusully Hugh Langharne Jenkin Vaughan John Wogan of Selliham Gen? Thomas Symmins William Warren William Williams of Saint Florence Walter Cuney Esquire.

[Towne of Pembrooke1]

For the Towne of Pembrooke Sir Fredericke Hyde The Maior for the time being William Hinton (3) Walter Cuney (5) Mathew Bowen (3) Francis Dawes (s) John Hinton (3)Francis Rogers (3) George Meare (3) Robert Meus [Aldermen5] George Powell Gen? and William Cozens Alderman.

[Towne of Tenby *]

For the Towne of Tenby Sir Fredericke Hyde The Maior for the time bring David Palmer (3) Devereux Hammond (s) James Lloyd Alderman.

[ Radnor *]

For the County of Radnor Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Lloyd (6)Sir Robert Harley Knight Richard Fowler James Price John Walcot Thomas Corbett Henry Williams Thomas Harley Samuell Powell Edward Davyes Thomas Lewis of Harpton Griffith Jones Thomas Lewis of Manaughtee Henry Probert Richard Crowther Robert Cutler [Robert7] Vaughan of Pentecarac Edward Price of Presteigne Charles Lewis Herbert Weston James Beck Sergeant at Armes Henry Stedman Hugh Powell John Richards John Walsam John James Esquires John Fowler Jonas Stevans William Taylor Francis Richards Gentlemen.

And bee it further enacted and declared That the severall Commissioners aforesaid shall meete together at the most usuall and common place of meeting within each of the said Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places respectively on or before the twenty third day of Aprill now next ensueing. And the said Comissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the said first generall meeting or the major part of them are hereby authorized and required to putt this present Act in execution according to the best of their Judgements and discretions and shall then if they see cause subdivide and distribute themselves soe into lesser numbers as two or more of the said Commissioners may be appointed for the service of each Hundred or other Division and as may best conduce to the carrying on of His Majesty es Service hereby required.

And for the more effectuall performance thereof Bee it enacted and declared [Tha-] the Commissioners at their aforesaid first generall meeting or the major part of them shall agree and sett downe in writeing who and what number of the said Comissers shall act in each of the said Divisions or Hundreds to the end that there be noe sailer in any part of the due execution of the Service by this Act required.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the Commissioners within the severall Divisions or Hundreds or any two or more of them are hereby authorized and required to cause the said severall proportions charged on the respective Divisions and on every parish and place therein for the said eighteene moneths Assessment to be equally assessed and taxed and to appoint two or more Assessors in each parish or place for the perfecting thereof who are hereby required with all care and diligence to assesse the same equally

25° Car. II. c. 1.

777

by a pound rate upon all Lands Tenements Hereditaments Annuityes Rents Parks Warrens Goods Chattells Stocke Duty of such Merchandize Offices (other then Judiciall and Military Offices and Offices relateing to the Navy under the Command ‘^MCMOr#* of the Lord High Admirall and Offices within His Majestyes Household) Tolls Proffitts and all other Estates both reall and personall within the Limitts, Circuits and Bounds of their respective parishes and places.

And bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That the summe of Two hundred and six thousand seven hundred fifty eight pounds six shillings and eight pence being the first of the said six quarterly payments hereby imposed shall be assessed collected leavyed and paid into the Receiver Generali of the said severall Countyes who shall be appointed by His Majestie and who are hereby required to transmitt or cause the same to be paid into His Majestyes Receipt of his Exchequer on or before the third day of June in the yeare of our Lord One

V.

£206,458. 6#. 8d. to be paid to Receiver General 3d June 1673.

thousand six hundred seaventy and three, and the Summe of Two hundred and six thousand seven hundred fifty right pounds six shillings and right pence being the second of the said quarterly payments on or before the third day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and three, and the Summe of Two hundred and six thousand seven hundred fifty eight pounds, six shillings and right pence being the third of the said quarterly payments on or before the third day of December in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seaventy and three, and the Summe of Two hundred and six thousand seven hundred fifty right pounds six shillings and right pence being the fowerth of the said quarterly payments on or before the third day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and three, and the Summe of Two hundred and six thousand seven hundred fifty eight pounds six shillings and right pence being the fifth of the said quarterly payments on or before the third day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and fewer, and the Summe of Two hundred and six thousand seven hundred fifty eight pounds six shillings and eight pence being the sixth of the said quarterly payments on or before the third day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and fewer.

£206,4(8. 6*. 8d. Second Payment, 3d Sept 1673.

,£206,458. 6a. 8d. Third quarterly Payment, 3d Dec. 167$.

£206,458. 6« 8d. Fourth quarterly Payment, 3d March

1673.

.£206,458. 6s. 8d. Fifth quarterly Payment, 3d June

1674.

£206,458. 6s. 8d. Sixth and last quarterly Payment, 3d Sept. 1674.

And for the compleadng of the whole Summe charged upon the same and to the end the aforesaid Summes charged upon the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places may be equally and indifferently assessed according to the true intent of this Act and the money duely collected and true accompt theirof made The said Assessors are hereby required to deliver one Copy of their respective Assessments barely written and subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners and the said Commissioners or any two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to signe and seale two duplicates of the said Assesments and the one of them to deliver or cause to be delivered to one or more honest and responsible person or persons to be collector or collectors which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint for each parish or place with Warrant to the said Collector or Collectors to collect the said Assesment payable as aforesaid soe as the said severall Summes may be paid in to the said Receivers Generali, and by them into the Receipt of His Majesties Exchequer at the respective times aforesaid, and the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Schedule or note containing the particular Summes assessed upon each parish or place to the Receiver Generali of each County, Citty Towne or Place respectively to be by him the said Receiver Generali transmitted into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer, which the said Receiver Generali is required to performe accordingly.

Assessors to

deliver Copy of Assessment to the Commissioners, who are to sign and teal Two Duplicates thereof, and to deliver one to Collector, whom they are to nominate, with a Warrant for the Collection.

Commissioners to deliver a Schedule of Sums assessed to Receiver General, who is to transmit the same to the Exchequer.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authoride aforesaid That the money received by the said Collectors within the respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be duely paid to the Recriver-Generall or his Deputy or Deputyes to be appointed under his hand and seale whereof notice under the hand ^eral ^rTi^ and seale of the Receiver Generali shall be given unto the Commissioners or any two of them within the respective Deputy, who shall Divisions or Hundreds within ten dayes after the first Generali Meeting and soe from time to time within ten of

dayes after every death or removall of any Deputy if any such shall happen, and the Receipt of such Receiver $uch Payment.

Generali his Deputy or Deputyes or any one of them shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Collector General to bTa

Discharge.

And bee it further enacted and declared That the particular Collectors are hereby required to pay in all and every the Summes soe received by them unto the said Receivers-Generall aforesaid or their deputy or deputyes, for payment whereof the said Collectors shall not be oblidged to travell above ten miles from the place of their oHiU*

habitations, which said Receivers Generali are hereby required forthwith to transmitt or (1) cause to be paid the Deputy, who is Moneyes by them received into the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer, And the said Lord Treasurer is hereby Mo'nies'to^he011 authorized to allow the said Receiver-Generall of each County, Citty and Towne respectively in case he hath Exchequer,

returned up as aforesaid a duplicate of the Assesment of each parish or place in the County Citty or Towne for General°2?.^the

which he is appointed Receiver-Generall a Sallary for his paines not exceeding two pence in the pound upon the

clearing of his accompt, which duplicate soe to be returned into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer Duplicate of is intended to containe noe more then the Summes in grosse to bee collected by each Collector and the severall ,nt0

names of the said Collectors.

VIII. Collectors to pay Monies received tr

VII.

Money received by Colleaors to be

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That the Collectors of each parish or place which shall be appointed by vertue of this Act shall upon the collection of the whole summe appointed to be collected by them and payment theirof as is hereby and before appointed have and receive for their paines in collecting and paying

IX.

Collectors allowed 3d. in the Pound;

» or O.

9 M

T78

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1672.

to be detained out of the last Payment. Allowance of one

?enny in the ound to Commissioners' Clerks.

X.

Persons charged refusing, &c. to pay.

Distress.

Collectors may break open Doors in the Day-time, and upon Warrant from Commissioners may break open any Chest, &c. to call in Constables, ire. who are to aid Collectors. Questions upon such Distress to be determined by Commissioners. Persons not paying, or conveying away Goods, &c. Commissioners may imprison, except Peers. Tenants may pay the Rate and aeduCt out of Rent. Landlord to allow such Deduction.

the moneyes three pence in the pound, which the said Collectors are impowered to detaine out of the last payment of the money of their severall and respective quarterly payments And the said Receivor Generali upon the receipt of the whole Assesment of the County Citty or Towne for which he is appointed Receiver Generali in case he hath received the severall duplicates of each parish or place therein and not otherwise shall allow and pay according to such warrant as shall be in that behalfe given by the Commissioners or any three of them one penny in the pound for the Commissioners Clerkes for their paines in faire writeing the Assesments Duplicates and Copies.

And bee it further enacted and declared that if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay any summe of money whereat he shall be rated and assessed that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Collectors or any of them who are hereby authorized and required thereunto to leavy the Summe assessed by distresse and sale of the Goods of such [person1] soe refuseing or neglecting to pay deducing the Summe assessed and reasonable charges of destraining and restore the overplus to the owner thereof, and to breake open in the day time any house, and upon Warrant under the hands and seales of two or three of the said Cdmissers any Chest Trunke Box or other things where any such goods are, and to call to their assistance the Constables Tythingmen and Headburroughes within the Countyes Cittyes Townes and Places where any refusall, neglect or resistance shall be made, which said Officers are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the premisses as they will answere the contrary at their perills. And if any question or difference happen upon takeing of such distresses betweene the partyes distressed or distrained the same shall be ended and determined by the said Commissioners or any two or more of them. And if any person or persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his or their assesment, or convey his or their goods or other personall estate whereby the summes of money soe assessed cannot be leavyed according to this Act, then the respective Commissioners or any two or more of them are hereby authorized to imprison the person except a Peere or Peeres of this Realme and him and them in prison to detaine and keepe untill the moneys soe assessed and the charges for the bringing in the same be paid and satisfied and noe longer And the severall and respective tennants or tennant of all houses and lands which shall be rated by vertue of this Act are hereby required and authorized to pay such summe or summes of money as shall be rated upon such houses or lands and to deduct out of the rent soe much of the said rates as in respect of the said rents of every such house and lands the landlord should or ought to pay and beare. And the said landlords both mediate and immediate according to their respective interests are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments upon the receipt of the residue of the rents.

XI.

Tenant paying to be acquitted toAmount of Payment. Commissioners may settle Difference between Landlord and Tenant as to Rate.

Persons over-rated may complain (within Six Days after Demand) to Commissioners.

In case Proportions of Rate not fully assessed, or assessed upon Persons not of Ability, or upon Empty House

or if Assessments not paid to Receiver General or Deputy; Commissioners, Assessors, &c. are to re-assess.

Such new Assessment to be made, &c. as the former Assessment.

And it is enacted and declared That every tennant paying the said Assesment shall be acquitted and discharged for soe much Money as the said Assesments shall amount unto as if the same had beene actually paid unto such person or persons unto whome his rents should have beene due and payable And if any difference shall arise betweene Landlord and Tennant or any other concerning the said rates the said severall Commissioners or any two or more of them in their severall Divisions shall and have hereby power to setle the same as they shall thinke fitt And if any person or persons shall finde him or themselves aggreived in that the Assessors have overrated him or them and shall within six dayes after demand made of the summe of money assessed on him or them complaine to two or more Commissioners whereof one of the C5mis§ers who signed or allowed his or their Assesment to be one, the said Commissioners or any two or more of them shall have and have hereby power within twelve dayes after the demand of the Assesment as aforesaid to relieve such person or persons and to charge the same on such other person or persons as they shall see cause, and in case the proportions sett by this Act upon all and every the respective Countyes Cittyes Townes and Places shall not be fully assessed levyed and paid according to the true meaning thereof or that (*) any of the said Assesments shall be rated and imposed upon any person not being of ability to pay the same, or upon any empty or void house or land where the same cannot be collected or levyed, or that through any wilfulnes, negligence or mistake or accident the said Assesment charged upon each County, Citty Towne or Place by vertue of this Act happens not to be paid to the Receiver-generall his deputy or deputyes of the respective Countyes as in this Act is directed That then [in1] all and every such cases the severall and respective Commissioners Assessors and Collectors aforesaid and every of them respectively are hereby authorized and required to assesse or reassesse or cause to be assessed or reassessed leavyed and paid all and every such summe and summes of money upon the respective Countyes Cittyes Townes and Places or upon any the Divisions Hundreds and Parishes therein as to the said Commissioners or such number of them as by this Act are authorized to cause the first Assesment hereby required to be made shall seeme most agreeable to equity and justice, the said new Assesment to be made collected and paid in such manner and by such meanes as in this Act for this Assesment is declared and directed.

XII. Persons not executing A&, Commissioners may fine

To be levied by Distress.

and paid to Receiver General and by him into Exchequer.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid that if any person or persons shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perfbrme his or their duty in the due and speedy execution of this present Act the said respective Commissioners or any three or more of them have hereby power to impose on such person or persons soe refuseing or neglecting their dutyes such fine or fines as to them shall be thought fitt and to cause the same to be levyed by distresse and sale of his and their goods. Provided that noe fine to be imposed by any of the said Commissioners shall for any one offence exceede the summe of twenty pounds, and that all fines that shall be imposed by vertue of this Act shall be paid to the respective Receivers Generali and by them to the Receipt of His Majesty es Exchequer.

A.D. 1672.

25°Car. II. c. 1.

779

And it is further enacted and declared That if any Collector that shall by vertue of this Act be appointed for the receipt of any summe or summes of money thereby to be assessed shall neglect or refuse to pay any summe or summes of money which shall by him be received as aforesaid and to pay the same as in and by this Act is directed and shall detaine in his or their hands any money received by them or any of them and not pay the same as by this Act is directed the Commissioners of each County Citty or Towne respectively or any two or more of them in their respective Divisions are hereby authorized and impowered to imprison the person and seize and secure the estate both reall and personall of such Collector to him belonging or which shall descend or come into the hands or possession of his heires executors or administrators wherever the same can be discovered and found. And the said Commissioners who shall soe seize and secure the estate of any Collector or Collectors shall be and are hereby impowered to appoint a time for the generall meeting of the Commissioners of such County Citty or Towne and there to cause publique notice to be given at the place where such meeting shall be appointed ten dayes at least before such generall meeting; and the Commissioners present at such generall meeting or the major part of them in case the moneys detained by any Collector or Collectors be not paid or satisfyed as it ought to be according to the directions of this Act shall and are hereby impowered and required to sell and dispose of all such estates which shall be for the cause aforesaid seized and secured or any part of them, and satisfie and pay such County and place the summe that shall be soe detained in the hands of such Collector or Collectors and retume the overplus, deducting necessary charges to such collector or collectors their heires executors and administrators respectively.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared that at the expiration of the respective times in this Act prescribed for the foil payment of the said quarterly Assesments the severall and respective Commissioners or any two of them within their Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them the Collectors within each respective Division and Hundred to examine and assure themselves of the foil and whole payment of the particular summe and summes of money charged upon the same Division Hundred and every Parish and Place therein and of the due retume of the same into the hands of the Receivers-generall their deputy or deputyes of the said County Citty Towne and Place respectively and by such Receiver-generall into the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer to the end there may be noe sailer [in the payment'] of any part of the Assesment by vertue of this Act to be assessed and paid nor any arrears remaine chargeable upon any the said Countyes Citty es Townes or Places respectively and in case of any sailer in the premisses the said Commissioners or any two of them are hereby to cause the same to be forthwith leavyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And it is hereby enacted and declared That in case any controversie arise concerning the said Assesment or the dividing apportioning or payment thereof which concerns any the Commissioners by this Act appointed, that the Commissioners soe concerned in the said Controversie shall have noe voice but shall withdraw at the time of the debate of any such controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners.

And bee it hereby enacted and declared That noe priviledged place or person Body Pollitique or Corporate within the Countyes Cittyes and Townes aforesaid shall be exempted from the said Assesments and Taxes and that they and every of them and alsoe all Fee Farme Rents and all other manner of Rents payments summes of money Annuityes issueing out of any lands within Citty or County shall be lyable towards the payment of every summe by this Act to be taxed and leavyed And all the tennants of every Fee-farme Rent, other rent summes of money or annuityes aforesaid are hereby directed and authorized to pay them proportionably according to the rates and assesments by this Act appointed and directed, and all such tennants shall be hereby saved and kept harmelesse by authority of this Act from any further payment of such portion of any such rent rents summes or annuityes either to the Exchequer or to any other person or persons to whome any such rent rents summes of money or annuityes as aforesaid should or ought to be paid to all intents and purposes whatsoever as fully and as amply as if they had paid the same into the Exchequer or to any person or persons to whom the same is reserved or become due.

Provided that nothing contained in this Act shall be extended to charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the Universityes or the Colledge of Windsor, Eaton, Winton or Westminster or any Hospitalls for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colledges or Halls or Hospitalls nor any Master Fellow or Scholler of any such Colledge or Hall or in any other Free Schooles or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universityes Colledges or Schooles or of any Hospitalls or Almes-houses for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Proffitt whatsoever ariseing or growing due to them in respect of the said severall places and imployments in the said Univerucyes Colledges Schooles Hospitalls or Aimes houses nor to charge any of the houses or lands belonging to Christs-Hospitall Saint Bartholomews Bridewell Saint Thomas and Bethlehem Hospitall in the Citty of London and Burrough of Southwarke or any of them for or in respect of any rents or revenues payable to the said Hospitalls being to be received and disbursed for the immediate use and releife of the poore in the said Hospitalls. Provided that noe tennants that hold or enjoy any Lands or houses by lease or other Grant from any of the said Hospitalls doe claime and enjoy any freedome exemption or advantage by this Act but that all the houses and lands which they soe hold shall be rated and assessed for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitalls.

XIII. Collector neglecting to pay, or detaining Moniet,Proceedings by Commisakmera.

Commissioners so proceeding to appoint a general Meeting of Commissioners, Notice thereof.

Collectors not paying,Proceedings by Commissioners.

XIV.

At Expiration of Times lor quarterly Payments Commissioners are to call Collectors before them, &c.

and in case of Failure Commissioners to cause same to be levied and paid.

XV.

On Questions respecting Assessments, &c. in which Commissioners concerned, they have no Voice.

XV L Privileged Places or Persons, See, not exempt from Assessment. Fee-farm and other Rents, Annuities, &c. liable.

Tenants to pay proportionably.

Indemnified.

XVII. Proviso for the Colleges in the Two Universities the Colleges of Windsor, Eton, Winchester, and Westminster, and for Hospitals, in respect of Scites of the Colleges, Ac. and for Lands belonging to Christ’s Hospital and otherHospitals.

25° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1672.

XVIII. Person! hiving a House in one Parish, flcc. and Goods in another to be charged for such Goods, Arc. where they dwell.

XIX.

No Clause in this Act to extend to lessen the Rate.

Commissioners to account to Treasury, flic.

XX.

Proceedings in -case the assessing by Pound Rate shall be found to obstrud the speedy bringing in of the Assessment.

XXI. Proviso for Contra &s between Landlords and Tenants as to Payment of Taxes.

XXII. Places used to be assessed to pay and be assessed in such County, 8cc. as heretofore.

Provided alsoe that where any person inhabiting within the Citty of London hath his dwelling house in one of the parishes or wards therein and hath any goods wares or tnerchandices in one or more of the other parishes or wards within the same that then such person shall be charged taxed and assessed for such his goods or merchandize in the parish or ward where he dweleth and not elsewhere in the said Citty.

Provided neverthelesse That noe Clause or Provisoe in this Act shall extend to the lessening or abatement of the full summe by this Act appointed to bee taxed leavyed and paid but that the same be fully assessed taxed leavyed collected and paid in the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes and Townes aforesaid in such manner and forme and to such uses as herein before is mentioned and declared And that the severall and respective Commissioners and every of them shall from time to time give a true and peried accompt of all their doeings and proceedings in the execution of this Act to the said Lord Treasurer or to other such person as his Majestie shall appoint.

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby enacted and declared that in case the way (*) or manner of assessing by a pound rate shall prove any way prejudicial! or obstrudive to the said speedy bringing in of the Assesment or any part thereof appointed by this Act that then and in all such cases the respective Commissioners or any two of them are hereby authorized to order and direct their respective Assessors who are hereby required to proceede accordingly to assesse the respective Summs charged on the respective Countyes Cittyes and Burroughes Townes and Places mentioned in this Act according to the most just and usuall way of rates held and pradized in such Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and places respectively Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter change determine or make void any Contracts Covenants or Agreements whatsoever between the Landlord and Tennant touching the payment of Taxes and Assesments Any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and Bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That for the avoiding of all obstrudions and delayes in collecting the Summes by this Act to be rated and assessed, all places Constablewicks Divisions and Allotments which have used to be rated and assessed shall pay and be assessed in such County Hundred Rape and Wapentake as the same hath heretofore beene usually assessed in and not elsewhere.

xxm.

In Actions for executing Ad, General Issue.

Treble Costs.

XXIV. Proviso for a .Decree in Chancery respecting Suits between the Counties of Salop and Stafford, flee.

XXV. Receivers General and their Deputies to give Acquittances to Collectori.

Such Acquittance to be a Discharge.

XXVL Where Lands, flic, unoccupied and no Distress found, Collectors, Constables, flee, may enter and distrain.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Action Plainte Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall and may pleade the generall issue not guilty, and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the speciall matter in evidence, and if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become nonsuite, or forbeare further prosecution or suffer a discontinuance, or if a Verdict passe against him, the defendants shall recover their treble costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any case where costs by the Law are given to defendants.

Provided alwayes that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to invalidate a Decree lately made in the High Court of Chauncery for quieting of Suits betweene the Countyes of Salop and Stafford and for the setleing all future payments to be imposed on certaine Lands in Sheriffe-Hales with the County of Salop, and for exempting the said Lands from paying hereafter with the County of Stafford, but that the said Decree shall remaine in such (and noe other) force as it did before the makeing of this Act. Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the severall Receivers Generall which shall be appointed according to this Act their deputy or deputyes shall from time to time at every payment appointed thereby give unto the severall Collectors within their respective Precincts upon the payment of the whole summe due at such times of payment from their respective parishes Constablewicks or Places within each of their Colledions severall Acquittances under their hands without takeing any thing for the same, and that in like manner at every time of payment appointed by this Act, the Receiver Generall of each County his deputy or deputyes shall give unto the severall Collectors aforesaid upon the payment of the whole summe due for their Parish or Place respectively at each time of payment aforesaid severall Acquittances under their hands and seales without takeing any thing for the same, Which said Acquittances of the Receiver Generall his deputy or deputyes shall be a full and perfect discharge to the Collectors, And the said Acquittances of the Receiver Generall his deputy or deputyes shall be a sufficient discharge to the Collectors and to such parish or place respectively and to every person charged within the said Collectors Charge against His Majestie his heires and successors for the summe or summes of money soe acquitted.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish Place or Constablewicke shall [be*] unoccupyed and noe distresses can be found on the same by reason whereof the said Parish Place or Constablewicke are forced to pay and make good the Tax assessed upon such Land lying unoccupyed that then it shall and may be lawfull at any time after for the Collectors Constable or Tythingman

1 or 0.

* lye 0.

25° Cab. II. c.l.

781

of the said Parish, Place or Constablewicke for the time being to enter and destraine upon the said Lands or Houses when there shall be any distresse thereupon to be found, and the distresse and distresses being the proper goods of the Owner or any claiming any estate interest or proffitt under him if not redeemed within sower dayes by payment of the tax and charge of the distresse to sell rendering the overplus to the owner or owners of such distresse And the said Collector Constable or Tythingman is hereby enjoyned to distribute the money raised by the said distresse or sale theirof proportionably to the partyes who contributed to the taxe of the said unoccupyed Lands.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That where any Wood-Lands shall be assessed and noe distresse can be had that in such case it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Collector Constable Headburrough or Tythingman by warrant under the hands and 6eales of two or more of the Commissioners of that Hundred or Division at seasonable times of the yeare to cutt and sell to any person or persons soe much of the Wood growing on the Wood-lands soe assesssed as will pay the Assessment or Assessments soe behinde and unpaid and the charge incident thereunto, and that it shall and may be lawfull for the person and persons and his Assignes to whome such wood shall be soe sold, to sell, cutt downe, dispose and carry away the same to his owne use rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner, Any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted that where any Tax or Assessment shall be charged [or laid'] upon any Tythes Tolls Proffitts of Markets Faires or Fishery or other annuall Proffitts not destrainable in case the same shall not be paid within fifteene dayes after such Assessment soe charged or laid and demanded then it shall be lawfull to and for the Collector Constable or other Officer thereunto appointed by warrant under the hands and seales of any two or more of the Commissioners authorized by this Act to seise take and sell soe much of the said Tythes Tolls and other Proffitts soe charged as shall be sufficient for the leavying of the said Tax and Assessment and all charges occasioned by such non payment thereof rendering the overplus to the Owner if any be.

And whereas the County of Midlesex and Citty of Westminster are raised in the monethly Assesments by reason of the new buildings lately erected and that Offices are made chargeable towards the payment of such Assesments To the end that an equall rate may be made and imposed upon the severall Divisions Parishes and Harrietts within the said County and Citty Bee it enacted by this present Parlyament and the authority thereof That the said Comissioners appointed for the said County and Citty of Westminster or any three of them shall if they shall thinke it fitt, cause two or three of the honest and able Inhabitants in the severall and respective Parishes Towneshipps and Places within the said County and Citty to be named and appointed Assessors, who (or any two of them) are to ascertaine and rate the yearely value and proffitt of all Offices belonging to the Courts at Westminster and other Offices chargeable by this AS towards the payment of the said summe sett upon the said County and Citty and all Towneshipps Parishes and Places for which they are appointed Assessors and to returne the same to the said Commissioners or to such person or persons as shall be appointed to receive the same which said Assessors are to deliver in their severall Surveyes perfected and subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners or unto such person or persons as shall be appointed by them or any three of them to receive the same two or three dayes at the least before the second generall meeting of the said Commissioners to the end that the said Commissioners may deliver in all the severall Surveyes to be made throughout the said County at the [said1] second generall meeting at which said generall meeting the said Commissioners or the major part of them then present shall upon view and perusall of the said severall Surveyes cast up the true Revenue and yearely Proffitts of the whole County Citty and Offices aforesaid to the end that an equall pound rate may be apportioned upon every Office chargeable by this Act Division Hundred Towneshipp and Parrish according to the proportion and summe of money charged upon the said County and City by vertue of this present Act which the said Commissioners or the major part of them then and there assembled are by vertue of this Act authorized and appointed to proportion and make accordingly.

Provided alwayes That nothing herein contained shall be drawne into example to the prejudice of the auntient rights belonging to the Lords Spirituall and Temporall or Clergy of this Realme or unto either of the Universityes or unto any Colledges Schooles Almeshouses Hospitalls or Cinque Ports.

Proceedings

thereon.

XXVII. Where Woodlands assessed and no Distress had, Collectors, &c. may enter and cut Wood, Sec. growing.

Buyer may sell, rendering Overplus to Owner.

XXVIII. Proceedings where Assessment charged en Property not distrainable.

XXIX. Three Commissioners for Middlesex and Westminster may appoint Assessors;

who are to ascertain and rate the Value of Offices, and to return the same to the Commissioners, &c.

and to deliver their Surveys subscribed to the Commissioners, dec. before the Second General Meeting.

Commissioners at such Meeting to cast up the Revenue of the County, &c. and proportion Charge.

XXX. Proviso for the ancient Rights of Peers, Clergy, dec.

And to the end that all Owners of Land whereupon this Taxe principally lyeth may be the better enabled to pay the same by rendering the labours of the [husbandmen1] in raising come and graine more valuable by exportation of the same into forreigne parts which now is already at a very low rate and that the Nation in generall may have her stocke increased by the returns thereof Bee it further enacted that for the space of three yeares from the first day of this Session of Parlyament and from thenceforward to the end of the next Session of Parlyament when Mault or Barley (Winchester Measure) is or shall be at twenty sower shillings a quarter, Rye thirty two shillings a quarter and Wheate forty eight shillings a quarter or under in any Port or Ports of this Kingdome or Dominion of Wales every Merchant or other person who shall putt on Shipboard in English Shipping (the Master and two thirds of the Marriners at least being His Majestyes Subjects) any sorts of the come aforesaid from any such Ports where the rates shall not then be higher then as aforesaid with intent to export the said Come to parts beyond the Seas, every such merchant or other person shall bring a Certificate in writeing under his or their hands containing the quantity and quality of Come soe shipped to the Farmers Commissioners Collectors or other persons appointed or to be appointed by His Majesde his heires or successors to coiled the dutyes and rates

XXXI.

For Three Years, See. when Com is at the Price herein mentioned Persons •hipping for Exportation to bring a Certificate of Quantity and Quality of Com on Oath to the Commissioners, Sec.

1 interlined on the Roll.

* Husbandman 0.

•9N

782

25° Car. II. c. 1,2.

A.D. 1672.

and thereupon, and upon Bond given not to reland the tame Corn, fcc.

to receive the Bounties herein mentioned without Fee;

and upon Certificate of Corn being duly landed. Bona to be delivered up to Exporter to be cancelled without Fee;

and Commissioners, Sec. discharged.

XXXII. Receivers General certifying Arrears due where Monies have been received.

Penalty to Party.

Penalty to His M^esty.

ariseing by Customes within any such Port and upon proofe made of any such Certificate by one or more credible persons upon their oathes which oathes the said Commissioners or other persons are hereby authorized and required to administer, and* upon bond given by every such Merchant or other person in the Summe of Two hundred pounds at the least for every hundred Tunns of Come soe shipped and soe proportionably, that the said Come (danger of the Seas excepted) shall be exported into parts beyond the Seas and not be againe landed in the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede every such Merchant soe shipping off any of the aforesaid Come and giveing Certificate and bond as aforesaid shall have and receive from such Farmers Commissioners Collectors or other persons in any port respectively where the same Come shall be soe shipped for every quarter of Barley or Mault ground or unground two shillings and six pence, for every quarter of Rye ground or unground three shillings and six pence, for every quarter of Wheate ground or unground five Shillings, which Summe or Summes every such Commissioner Farmer or other persons are hereby authorized and required upon demand by such Exporter to make present payment of accordingly without takeing or requireing any thing for custome or any fee or reward for come soe loaden to be exported, or for soe much graine as shall be exported in any shipp wherein any other goods shall be shipped Any Law Statute or Usage in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding. And upon Certificate returned under the Common Seale of the Cheife Magistrate in any place or places beyond the Seas, or under the hands and seales of two knowne English Merchants upon the place that such Come was there landed, or upon proofe by credible persons that such Come was taken by Enemies or perished in the Seas, the examination and proofe thereof being left to the judgement of such Commissioners Farmers or other persons, which proofe being made or certificate delivered to such person or persons respectively as tooke bond as aforesaid the said bond shall be delivered up to such Importer or his order to be cancelled without any fee for the same, and the moneys by any such Commissioners Farmers Collector or other person soe paid in obedience to this Act shall be accepted [of1] in his or their Accompts as soe much paid to His Majestie, and he and- they is and shall be discharged thereof accordingly.

And for the better preventing of such unjust vexations as might bee occasioned by such persons as shall be appointed Receivers Generali of any of the Summes of money granted by this Act, And to the intent that the said Receivers Generali may retume a true accompt into His Majestyes Court of Exchequer of such Summes of money as shall be received by them and every of them their and every of their deputy and deputyes Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any [suchr] Receiver Generali shall retume or certifie into the said Court any Summe or Summes of money to be in arreare or unpaid after the same hath beene received either by such Receiver Generali or his deputy or deputyes or any of them, or shall cause any person or persons to be sett insuper in the said Court for any Summe or Summes of money that hath beene soe received. That then every such Receiver Generali shall forfeite to every person and persons that shall be molested vexed or dammaged by reason of such unjust Certificate retume or setting insuper treble the damages that shall be thereby occasioned, The said damages to be recovered by action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in which noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law shall be allowed nor any more then one imparlance and shall alsoe forfeite to His Majestie his heires and successors double the summe that shall be soe unjustly certified or returned or cause to be sett insuper.

CHAPTER II.

Rot.Part.isC.il. mu. 2.

Persons that bear any Offices or Places of Trust under His Majesty, &c. to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance.

When and where to appear and take Oaths

3 Jac.I. c.4. k 15.

During taking the Oaths Pleas to cease.

An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

FOR preventing dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants and quieting the minds of his Majestyes good Subjects Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual 1 and Temporal I and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same That all and every person or persons as well Peeres as Commoners that shall beare any Office or Offices Civill or Military or shall receive any Pay, Salary, Fee or Wages by reason of any Patent or Grant from his Majestie or shall have Command or Place of Trust from, or under his Majestie or from any of his Majestyes Predecessors or by his or their authority, or by authoritie derived from him or them within the Realme of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, or in his Majestyes Navy or in the severall Islands of Jersey and Guernsey or shall be of the Household or in the Service or imployment of his Majestie, or of his Royall Highnesse the Duke of Yorke who shall inhabite, reside or be within the Citty of London or Westminster or within thirty miles distant from the same on the first day of Easter Terme that shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seaventy three or at any time dureing the said Terme all and every the said person and persons shall personally appeare before the end of the said Terme or of Trinity Terme next following in his Majestyes High Court of Chancery or in his Majestyes Court of Kings Bench and there in publique and open Court betweene the houres of nine of the Clocke and twelve in the Forenoone take the severall Oathes of Supremacy and Allegiance which Oath of Allegiance is contained in [a *] Statute made in the third yeare of King James by Law established, and dureing the time of the takeing theirof by the said person and persons all Pleas and Proceedings in the said respective Courts shall cease; And that all and every of the said respective persons and Officers not haveing taken the said Oathes in the said respective Courts aforesaid shall on or before the first day of August

A.D. 1672.

25° Car. II. c. 2.

783

one thousand six hundred seaventy three at the Quarter Sessions for that County or place where he or they shall be, inhabite or reside on the twentyeth day of May take the said Oathes in open Court betweene the said boures of nine and twelve of the Clocke in the Forenoone, And the said respective Officers aforesaid shall alsoe receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England at or before the first day of August in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and seaventy three in some Parish Church upon some Lords day commonly called Sunday immediately after Divine Service and Sermon.

(') Bee it further enabled by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every person or persons that shall be admitted entered placed or taken into any Office or Offices Civill or Military or shall receive any Pay, Salary, Fee or Wages by reason of any Patent or Grant of his Majestie or shall have Command or place of Trust from or under his Majestie His Heires or Successors or by his or their authority or by authoritie derived from him or them within this Realme of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or in his Majestyes Navy, or in the severall Islands of Jersey and Gemsey, or that shall be admitted into any Service or imployment in his Majesties or Royall Highnesses Household or Family after the first day of Easter Terme aforesaid and shall inhabite, be, or reside when he or they is or are soe admitted or placed within the Cittyes of London or Westminster or within thirty miles of the same shall take the said Oathes aforesaid in the said respective Court or Courts aforesaid in the next Terme after [such1] his or their admittance or admittances into the Office or Offices Imployment or Imployments aforesaid betweene the houres aforesaid and noe other, and the proceedings to cease as aforesaid, And that all and every such person or persons to be admitted after the said first day of Easter Terme as aforesaid not haveing taken the said Oathes in the said Courts aforesaid shall at the Quarter Sessions for that County or place where he or they shall reside next after such his admittance or admittances into any of the said respective Offices or Imployments aforesaid take the said severall and respective Oathes as aforesaid and all and every such person and persons soe to be admitted as aforesaid shall alsoe receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England within three moneths after his or their admittances in, or receiving their said authority and imployment in some publique Church upon some Lords day commonly called Sunday immediately after Divine Service and Sermon, And every of the said persons in the respective Court where he takes the said Oathes shall first deliver a Certificate of such his receiving the said Sacrament as aforesaid under the Hands of the respective Minister and Churchwarden and shall then make proofe of the truth thereof by two credible Witnesses at the least upon Oath, All which shall be inquired of and putt upon Record in the respective Courts.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every the person or persons aforesaid that doe or shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oathes and Sacrament in the said Courts and places and at the respective times aforesaid shall be ipso fado adjudged uncapeable and disabled in Law to all intents and purposes whatsoever to have occupy or enjoy the said Office or Offices Imployment or Imployments or any part of them

or any matter or thing aforesaid or any proffitt or advantage appertaining to them or any of them, and every

such Office and Place Imployment and Imployments shall be void, and is hereby adjudged void.

And bee it further enacted That all and every such person or persons that shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oathes or the Sacrament as aforesaid within the times and in the places aforesaid and in the manner aforesaid, and yet after such neglect and refusal shall execute any of the said Offices or Imployments after the said times expired wherein he or they ought to have taken the same, and being thereupon lawfully convicted in or upon any Information Presentment or Indictment in any of the Kings Courts at Westminster or at the Assizes every such person and persons shall be disabled from thenceforth to sue, or use any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information in course of Law, or to prosecute any Suite in any Court of Equity or to be Guardian of any Childe or Executor or Administrator of any person, or capeable of any Legacie or Deed of Gift or to beare any Office within this Realme of England, Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and shall forfeite the Summe of five hundred pounds to be recovered by him or them that shall sue for the same to be prosecuted by any Action of Debt, Suite, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majestyes Courts at Westminster, wherein noe Essoigne, Protection or Wager of Law shall lye.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Names of all and singular such persons and Officers aforesaid that doe or shall take the Oathes aforesaid shall be in the respective Courts of Chauncery and Kings Bench and the Quarter Sessions inrolled with the day and time of their takeing the same in Rolls made

and kepte onely for that intent and purpose and for noe other. The which Rolls as for the Court of Chauncery

shall be publiquely hung up in the Office of the Pettybag, and the Roll for the Kings Bench in the Crowne Office of the said Court and in some publique place in every Quarter Sessions, and there remaine dureing the whole Terme, every Terme, and dureing the whole time of the said Sessions in every Quarter Sessions for every one to resort to and looke upon, without Fee or Reward, and likewise none of the person or persons aforesaid shall give or pay as any Fee or Reward to any Officer or Officers belonging to any of the Courts [as1] aforesaid above the Summe of twelve pence for his or their Entry of his or their takeing of the said Oathes aforesaid.

And further That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts aforesaid to give and administer the said Oathes aforesaid to the person or persons aforesaid in manner as aforesaid, and upon the due tender of any such person or persons to take the said Oathes the said Courts are hereby required and enjoyned to administer the same.

and the said Officers to receive the Sacrament according to the Usage of the Church of England.

II.

Persons admitted into any Office, &c. after the First Day of Easter Term, and residing in London, &c. or within 30 Miles, to take the said Oaths;

when and where to be taken;

Proceedings to cease;

If not taken in the Courts then at Quarter Sessions;

and to receive the Sacrament.

A Certificate, with Proof thereof, upon Oath tobedelivered into Court of his receiving the Sacrament.

III.

Persons refusing, See. to take the Oaths and Sacrament, incapable of Office.

IV.

Executing Office after Refusal to take the Oaths or Sacrament.

Incapacity to prosecute any Suit in Law or Equity, or to be Guardian of any Child, or Executor, Arc. and also Penalty <£500.

V.

Names of Persons taking the Oaths,

Sic. to be inrolled.

Rolls to be publicly hung up, and perused without Fee.

Fees on Entry of taking Oaths.

VI.

Upon Tender made to the Courts they are to administer the Oaths.

T84

25° Car. II. c.2.

A.D. 1672.

VII. Persons not bred up in the Popish Religion breeding up or suffering their Children to be bred up in the Popish ReKgion,Disability.

Children disabled until Conformity.

VIII. Persons taking the Oaths to subscribe the Declaration following.

Register of Subscription.

IX. Proviso for the Peerage;

and for Creation Money, Impost, Pensions, &c. Exception;

and for Estates of Inheritance granted by the Crown; and for Pensions granted to Persons instrumental in preserving the King at Worcester j and for Grants of certain Offices of Inheritance to Persons refusing the Oaths, &c. who are to appoint Deputies, who must take the Oaths, &c. and subscribe Declaration.

Deputies to be approved by the King, under His Privy Signet.

Proviso for Peers.

X.

Where Peers may take the Oaths, &c.

XI.

Proviso for married Women, Persons under 18, Absentees, and Persons found to be non compos mentis.

And bee it further enacted That if any person or persons not bred up by his or their Parent or Parents from their Infancy in the Popish Religion and professing themselves to be Popish Recusants shall breed up, instrud or educate his or their Childe or Children or suffer them to be instrufted or educated in the Popish Religion; every such person being thereof convicted shall be from thenceforth disabled of bearing any Office or place of Trust or Proffitt in Church or State; And all such Children as shall be soe brought up instruded or educated, are and shall be hereby disabled of bearing any such Office or place of Trust or Proffitt, undll he and they shall bee perfectly reconciled and converted to the Church of England and shall take the Oathes of Supremacy and Alleigiance aforesaid before the Justices of the Peace in the open Quarter Sessions of the County or Place where they shall inhabite, and thereupon receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper after the Usage of the Church of England, and obtaine a Certificate thereof under the Hands of two or more [of1] the said Justices of the Peace.

And bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That at the same time when the persons concerned in this Act shall take the aforesaid Oathes of Supremacy and Alleigiance, they shall likewise make and subscribe this Declaration following under the same Penalties and Forfeitures as by this Act is appointed.

J A.B. doe declare That I doe beleive that there is not any Transubstantiation in the Sacrament of the Lords

Supper, or in the Elements of Bread and Wine, at, or after the Consecration thereof by any person whatsoever.

Of which Subscription there shall be the like Register kept as of the takeing the Oathes aforesaid.

Provided alwayes That neither this Act nor any thing therein contained shall extend, be judged, or intepreted any wayes to hurt or prejudice the Peerage of any Peere of this Realme or to take away any right, power, priviledge or profit, which any person (being a Peere of this Realme) hath or ought to enjoy by reason of his Peerage either in time of Parlyament or otherwise, or to take away Creadon money or Bills of Impost nor to take away or make void any Pension or Sallary granted by his Majestie to any person for valuable and sufficient consideration for Life Lives or Yeares other then such as relate to any Office or to any place of Trust under his Majestie and other then Pensions of bounty or voluntary Pensions; nor to take away or make void any Estate of Inheritance granted by histe Majestie or any his Predecessors to any person or persons of or in any Lands, Rents, Tythes or Hereditaments not being Offices, nor to take away or make void any Pension or Sallary already granted by his Majestie to any person who was Instrumentall in the happy preservation of his Sacred Majestie after the Bade at Worster in the yeare One thousand six hundred fifty one untill his Majestyes Arrivall beyond the Seas; nor to take away or make void the grant of any Office or Offices of Inheritance, or any Fee, Sallary or Reward for executeing such Office or Offices, or thereto any way belonging, granted b‘y his Majestie or any his Predecessors to, or enjoyed, or which hereafter shall be enjoyed by any person or persons who shall refuse or neglect to take the said Oathes, or either of them, or to receive the Sacrament, or to subscribe the Declaration mentioned in this Act in manner therein expressed, Neverthelesse soe as such person or persons haveing or enjoying any such Office or Offices of Inheritance doe or shall substitute and appointe his or their sufficient Deputy or Deputyes, (which such Officer or Officers respectively are hereby impowered from time to time to make or change, any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding) to exercise the said Office or Offices untill such time as the person or persons haveing such Office or Offices shall voluntarily in the Court of Chauncery before the Lord Chauncellour or Lord Keeper for the time being, or in the Court of Kings Bench, take the said Oathes and receive the Sacrament according to Law and subscribe the said Declaration, and soe as all and every the Deputie and Deputyes soe as aforesaid to be appointed, take the said Oathes, receive the Sacrament, and subscribe the said Declaration from time to time as they shall happen to be soe appointed in manner as by this Alt such Officers whose Deputyes they be, are appointed to doe; and soe as such Deputyes be from time to time approved of by the [Kings1] Majestie under his Privy Signet; but that all and every the Peeres of this Realme shall have, hold and enjoy what is provided for as aforesaid, and all and every other person or persons before mentioned, denoted or intended within this Provisoe shall have, hold and enjoy what is provided for as aforesaid, notwithstanding any incapacitie or disability mentioned in this Act.

Provided alsoe That the said Peeres and every of them may take the said Oathes and make the said Subscription and deliver the said Certificates before the Peeres sitting in Parlyament if the Parlyament be sitting within the time limitted for doeing thereof, and in the Intervalls of Parlyament in the High Court of Chauncery, in which respective Courts all the said Proceedings are to be recorded in manner aforesaid.

Provided alwayes That noe marryed Woman or person under the age of eighteene yeares, or being beyond, or upon the Seas, or found by the lawfull Oathes of twelve Men to be non compos mentis, and soe being and remaining at the end of Trinity Terme in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy three haveing any Office shall by vertue of this Act loose or forfeite [any such1] his or her Office (other then such marryed Woman dureing the life of her Husband onely) for any neglect or refusall of takeing the Oathes and doeing the other things required by this Act to be done by persons haveing Offices, soe as such respective persons within sower monethes after the death of the Husband, comeing to the age of eighteene yeares, returning into this Kingdome, and becomeing of sound minde shall respectively take the said Oathes, and performe all other things in manner as by tins Act is appointed for persons to doe, who shall happen to have any Office or Offices to them given or fallen after the end of the said Trinity Terme.

25° Car. II. c. 2, 3.

785

Provided' alsoe That any person who by his or her neglect or refusall according to this Act shall loose or forfcite any Office may be capeable by a new Grant of the said Office, or of any other, and to have and hold the same againe, such person takeing the said Oathes and doeing all other things required by this Act, soe as such Office be not granted to, and actually enjoyed by some other person at the time of the regranting thereof

Provided alsoe That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to make any Forfeiture Disability or Incapacide m, by or upon any Non Commission Officer or Officers in his Majestyes Navy if such Officer or Officers shall onely subscribe the Declaration therein required in maimer as the same is directed.

Provided alsoe That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice George Earle of Bristoll or Anne Countesse of Bristoll his Wife in the Pension or Pensions granted to them by Patent under the Great Seale of England bearing date the sixteenth day of July in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and nine, being in liew of a just Debt due to the said Earle from his Majestie perticularly expressed in the said Patent.

Provided alsoe That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to the Office of any High Constable, Petty Constable, Tythingman, Headburrough, Overseer of the Poore, Churchwardens, Surveyour of the Highwayes or any like inferiour Civill Office, or to any Office of Forester or Keeper of any Parke, Chace, Warren or Game, or of Bayliffe of any Mannour or Lands, or to any like private Offices, or to any person or persons haveing onely any the before mentioned, or any the like Offices.

XII. Persons forfeiting Office may, upon taking the Oaths, See. be capable.

XIII. Proviso for Non-commissioned Officers in the Navy:

XIV. and for Pensions granted to the Earl and Countess of Bristol

XV.

and for Constables, Tythingmen, &c.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for enableing his Majestie to make Leases of his Lands belonging to the Dutchy of Cornwall.

WHEREAS many of the Lands belonging to the Dutchy of Cornwall have beene granted by Lease to the Tennants, some for the Terme of one, two or three Lives, and some for diverse yeares determinable upon one, two or three Lives, and others for one and thirty yeares and under, which Leases are desired to be renewed by many of the said Tennants. And whereas of late yeares diverse increased Rents have beene by Order of the late Lord Treasurer reserved upon the said leased Lands of the said Dutchy for the Improvement of that Revenue whereof the Tennants have complained to the Kings Majestie, who is gradously pleased that they may compound with his Officers for the discharge of those increased Rents, and be restored to the old Rents formerly paid for their respective Tenements and Lands. Now to the end the same may be accordingly effected, and that the said Tenants may be incouraged to renew their Leases and Estates, and thereby the better enabled to repaire their Houses and provide for their Families, and to improve their Lands holden of the said Dutchy Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authorise of the same That all Leases and Grants

made and to be made within three yeares next ensueing the end of this present Session of Parlyament by our

said Soveraigne Lord the King by Letters Patents or by Indenture under the Great Seale of England or under the Seale of the Court of Exchequer of any Offices in the disposition of the Owner of the said Dutchy as Duke of Cornwall, or of any Parks, Lands Tenements or Hereditaments now in Lease, or out of Lease, and not granted by Copy of Court-Roll, other then entire Honours Lordshipps or Mannours parcell of the possessions of, or annexed or belonging unto the said Dutchy of Cornwall shall be good and effectuall in Law according to the purport and contents of the same Leases and Grants against our said Soveraigne Lord the King his Heires and Successors and against all and every other person and persons that shall at any time hereafter have, inherite or enjoy the said Dutchy by force of any Act of Parlyament or by any other Limitation whatsoever.

Provided alwayes That every such Lease or Grant soe made or to be made be not made for more then one,

two or three Lives in Possession, or for thirty one yeares or under, or for some terme of yeares determinable

upon one two or three Lives and not above. And if such Leases and Grants be made in Reversion or Expectancy That then the same together with the Estates in Possession doe not exceede three Lives or the terme of thirty and one yeares, and not in any wise dispunishable of Waste, and soe as upon every such Lease shall be reserved the auntient or most usuall Rent or more, or such Rent as hath beene reserved, yeilded or paid for the same Lands for the greater part of twenty yeares next before the makeing of the said Leases, and shall be reserved due and payable to him or them that shall have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Dutchy, And where noe such Rent hath beene reserved or payable That then upon every such Lease there shall be reserved a reasonable Rent not being under the twentieth part of the cleare yearely value of the Parks, Lands Tenements or Hereditaments contained in such Lease, and all Leases and Grants otherwise made or to be made shall be null and void.

And bee it further ordained and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all Covenants Conditions Reservations and other Agreements contained in every Lease or Grant made or to be made as aforesaid shall be good and effectuall in Law according to the words and contents of the same aswell for and against them to whome the Reversion of the same Lands Tenements or Hereditaments shall come, as for and against them to whome the

Rot. Parl. 25 C.II.

n*.$.

Reasons for passing this Act.

What Leases may be made of Lands belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, and how.

Exception of entire Honors, Lordships, or Manors.

II.

For what Terms or Times.

Not dispunishable of Waste.

Ancient Rent, Ac. to be reserved.

Where no Rent was payable, then a reasonable Rent.

III.

Covenants in the Leases to bind Reversioners, &c.

9o

25° Car. II. c. 3—5.

A.D. 1€72.

General Sating, except the Right of the King and the Duke of Cornwall.

Rot. Parl. as C. //. *. 4.

Recital of aa fe »3 C. II. c. 19. fa.

aa & aj C. II.

c. 19. § a. repealed.

Exception.

Rot. Pari, as C. II. nu. 5.

Reasons for passing

thisAa.

A Pardon of all Crimes to all Subjects.

Interest of the said Leases or Grants shall come respectively as if our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie at die time of the makeing of such Covenants Conditions and Reservations and other Agreements were seised of an absolute Estate in Fee simple in the same Lands Tenements or Hereditaments. Saveing alwayes to all and every person and persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate their Heires and Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes other then to our said Soveraigne Lord the King and his Heires, and the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the time bong and his and their Heires, and all and every person and persons that shall hereafter have, inherite or enjoy the said Dukedome of Cornwall by force of any Act of Parlyament or other Limitation whatsoever all such [Rites, *] Titles, Estates, Customes Interests Tenures Claimes and Demands whatsoever of what nature, kinde or quality soever, of, in, to or out of the said Offices, Lands Tenements or Hereditaments or any of them as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the makeing of this Act to all intents and purposes, and in as large and ample manner and forme as if this Act had never beene had or made. This Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for repeale of a Clause in a former Act to prohibit Salesmen from selling Fatt CattelL

WHEREAS by an Act made this psent Parliament entituled An Act to prevent Fraudes in the buying and selling of Cattell in Smithfeild and elsewhere (amongst other things) It is enacted That noe Jobber Salesman or other Broker or Factor, who doe [or1] shall commonly buy or sell Cattell for others be allowed or imployed either for buying or selling any Fatt Cattell other [then*] Swine or Calves by or for any Butcher or other person or persons whatsoever within fowerscore miles of the Cittyes of London and Westminster upon paine of the Forfeiture of the vallue of the said Cattell soe bought or sould [by1] him or them as aforesaid to be paid by the

Owner of such Cattell, And upon further paine That all and every person and persons takeing upon him or them

to use or exercise the said imployment of a Jobber or Broker, or of a Salesman or Factor for the buying and

selling of Cattell contrary to the said Act, shall forfeite for every such offence the vallue of all such Cattell soe

bought or sould or exposed to sale by him or them as aforesaid. But for that the said Clause in the said Act contained is found by experience to be' very prejudicial! to the sale of the Cattell of this Realme, and a great inconvenience and discouragement to those that feede the said Cattell in their respective Countyes, who by reason thereof are forced to make Journeyes up in their owne persons to London, or to send others purposely for that imployment, which commonly taketh up and wasteth all or the greatest part of the Proffitt or Game that they make of their said Cattell, Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie and by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the said Clause and all and singular Penalty es in the said Act rdatemg thereunto, soe farr forth as the same doe or may any wayes conceme Salesmen or Faftora imployed by Feeders or Farmers, but not as the same doe conceme Salesmen or Faftore imployed by Butchers, Jobbers or Broken shall be and doe stand repealed, and be utterly null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for the Kings Majesty es most Gratious, Generali and Free Pardon.

Charles R.

TIE Kings Majestie most gratiously considering the dutyfiill affections and faithfull hearts of his most loyal!

and obeidient Subjects, and understanding that his good Subjects have many and sundry wayes by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme fallen into the danger of diverse great Penalties and Forfeitures, and that the Persons and Fortunes of his Subjects doe lye open to manifold inconveniencies and may be questioned for severall matters and things in his Majesty es Courts both Ecclesiasticall and Temporall Is of his Princely and mercyfull Disposition most gratiously inclined to extend unto them his generall and free Pardon, and that in a more bountyfull manner then hath beene accustomed. His Majestie most assuredly trusting That all his Subjects by this his Clemency and indulgent Grace and Favour to them will be the rather moved and induced from henceforth more carefully to observe his Highnesse Lawes and Statutes and to continue in their Loyall and due Obedience to his Majestie. And therefore his Majestie is well pleased and contented That it be enacted by authoritie of this present Parlyament, And bee it enacted by authoritie of the same in manner and forme following That is to say. That all and every the said Subjects aswell Spirituall as Temporall of this his Highnesse Realme of England, Dominion of Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede their Heires, Successors Executors and Administrators of them and every of them and all and singular Bodyes in any manner of wise corporated Cittyes, Burroughes, Shires, Rideings, Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Townes, Villages, Hamblets and Tythings and every of them and the Successor and Successors of every of them shall be by Authority of this present Parlyament acquitted, pardoned, released and discharged against the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors and every of them of and from all

25° Car. II. c.5.

787

tnaimpr of Treasons, Felonies, Mispreaons of Treason, Treasonable or Seditious Words or Libells, Misprisions of Felony, Seditious and unlawful! Meetings and Conventicles, and all Offences whereby any person may be charged with the penalty and danger of Premunire, And all Stampings and Coynings of Farthings, Halfe-pence, Pence, Two-pence, or such like small Moneys to be used in common payments without any lawfull authoritie derived front Ins Majestie, and all utterings thereof in ordinary payments as currant Money, And alsoe of and from all Ryotts, Routs, Offences, Contempts, Trespasses, Entry es, Wrongs, Deceites, Misdemeanors, Forfeitures, Penaltyes and Summe8 of Money, paines of Death, paines Corporall and paines Pecuniary, and generally of and from all ocher Things, Causes, Quarrells, Suites, Judgements and Executions in this present Act not hereafter excepted nor foreprized, which may be or can be by his Highnesse in any wise or by any meanes pardoned, before and unto the five and twentyeth day of March, in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy three, to any the Subjects or Bodyes Corporate aforesaid.

And alsoe the Kings Majestie is contented that it bee enacted by authoritie of this present Parlyament And bee it enacted by the authoritie of the same That this his free Pardon shall be as good and effectuall in Law to every of his said Subjects Bodyes Corporate and others before rehearsed in, for and against all things which be not hereafter in this present Act excepted and foreprized, as the same Pardon should have beene if all Offences, Contempts, Forfeitures, Causes, Matters, Suites, Quarrells, Judgements, Executions, Penalties and all other things not hereafter in this present Act excepted and foreprized, had beene particularly, singularly, specially and plainly named, rehearsed and specifyed, and alsoe pardoned by proper and expresse words and names in their kinds, natures and qualities by words and terines thereunto requisite to have beene putt in and expressed in this present Act of Free Pardon. And that his said Subjects nor any of them, nor the Heires Executors or Administrators of

any of them, nor the said Bodyes Corporate and others before named and rehearsed nor any of them, be or

shall be sued, vexed or unquieted in their Bodyes, Goods, Chattells, Lands or Tenements for any manner of Matter, Cause, Contempt, Misdemeanour, Forfeiture, Trespasse, Offence, or any other thing suffered, done or committed or ommitted before the said five and twentyeth day of March against his Majestie, his Crowne, Dignity, Prerogative, Lawes or Statutes, but onely for such Matters, Causes and Offences as be rehearsed, mentioned or in some wayes touched in the Exceptions of this present Act to be foreprized and excepted and for none other; Any Statute or Statutes, Lawes, Customes or Usages heretofore had made or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And the Kings Majestie of his bounteous Liberality by the authoritie of this present Parlyament granteth and freely giveth to every of his Subjects [and to'] every of the said Bodyes Corporate and others [before'] rehearsed and every of them all Goods, Chattells, Debts, Fines, Issues, Proffitts Amerciaments, Forfeitures and Summes of Money by any of them forfeited, which to his Majestie doe or shall belong or appertaine by reason of any Offence, Contempt, Trespasse, Entry, Misdemeanour, Matter, Cause or Quarrell suffered, done or committed by them or

any of them before the said five and twentyeth day of March which be not hereafter in this present Act foreprized

and excepted.

And bee it enacted neverthelesse That all Grants thereof or of any part thereof made by any such as have soe forfeited the same, and are hereby restored as aforesaid, and all Executions thereof or of any part thereof had against any such after such forfeiture thereof committed or made, shall be of such force and effect as if noe such forfeiture had beene had or made and of noe other. The same forfeiture or any thing before in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted That all and every the Kings Subjects, and all and singular Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed may by him or themselves or by his or their Deputie or Deputyes or by his or their Attoumey or Attoumeys according to the Lawes of this Realme pleade and minister this present Act of Free Pardon for his or their discharge, of and for any thing that is by vertue of this present Act pardoned, discharged, given or granted without any Fee or other thing paying to any person or persons for Writeing or Entry of the Judgements or other Cause concerning such Plea, Writeing or Entry, but onely sixteene pence to be paid to the Officer or Clerke that shall enter such Plea Matter or Judgement for the partyes discharge in that behalfe, Any Law, Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And furthermore the Kings Majestie is contented and pleased that it be enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That this his said Free Pardon b) the generall Words, Clauses and Sentences before rehearsed shall be reputed, deemed, adjudged, expounded, allowed and taken in all manner of Courts of his Highnesse and elsewhere most benefidall and availeable to all and singular his said Subjects Bodyes Corporate and others before rehearsed, and to every of them in all things not in this present Act excepted or foreprized without any ambiguity, question or other delay whatsoever it shall bee to be made, pleaded, objected or alleadged by the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors or his or any of their Generall Attoumey or Attoumeys or by any person or persons for his Majestie or any of his Heires or Successors.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Officer or Clerke of any of his Majestyes Courts commonly called the Chauncery, Kings Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer or any other Officer or Clerke of any other of his Majestyes Courts within this Realme at any time after the last day of this present Session

Paint of Death, &c.

not hereafter excepted before and unto 25th March 1673.

II.

The Pardon to be at good at if all thingt were particularly named

and the King’s Subieftt not to be tiled, &c. for any Matter done, &c. against the Crown before the said 25th March 1673.

Exception.

III. Grants of all Forfeitures incurred before taid 25th March, to the Subject.

Exception.

IV.

Grants or Executions upon Forfeitures how far of Force.

V.

Any Person may plead this Pardon

Fee.

VI. Pardon to be expounded most beneficially for the Subjea.

VII. Officer of the Courts making out Process for things pardoned;

25° Car. II. c. 5.

A.D. 1672.

or Sheriff taking or withholding things pardoned;

Penalty *£io. and Treble Damages and Costs, and such Process void.

of Parlyament make out or write out any manner of Writts, Processe, Summons or other Precepts whereby any of the said Subjects or of the Bodyes Corporate or others before rehearsed or any of them shall be in any wise arreasted, attached, distrained, summoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or greived in his or their Bodies, Lands, Tenements Goods or Chattells or any of them for or because of any manner of thing pardoned or discharged by vertue of this Act, or if any Sheriffe or Escheator or any of their Deputy or Deputyes or any Bayliffe or other Officer whatsoever by colour of his or their Office or otherwise after the said last day of this present Session of Parliament doe leavy, receive, take or withhold of or from any person or persons any thing pardoned or discharged by this Act, that then every such person soe offending, and thereof lawfully convicted or condemned by any sufficient Testimony, Witnesse [and Proofe shall yeild and pay for recompence thereof to the party soe greived or offended thereby his or their treble Dammages besides all Costs of the Suite, and shall alsoe forfeite and loose to the Kings Majestie for every such Offence Ten pounds; And neverthelesse all and singular such Writts, Processe and Precepts soe to be made for or upon any manner of thing pardoned or discharged by this present Act of Free Pardon shall be utterly void and of noe effect.

Exceptions.

High Treasons, &c.

Treasons out of the Realm, See.

Forging Great Seal, &c. and diminishing the Coin.

Misprisions of Treason.

Murders, Petit Treasons, &c.

Piracies, &c.

Burglaries, &c.

Buggery.

Rapes.

Taking away Women.

Perjury, Subornation, counterfeiting Deeds, &c.

Forfeitures, &c. for which Action has been brought as herein mentioned.

Informations concerning Bridges, &c.

Embezzling the King's Goods, &c.

Breach of Covenant, &c. with the King.

Incest, Simony, &c. for which Suit depending the First Day of the Session.

Excepted and alwayes foreprized out of this Generali and Free Pardon all and all manner of High Treasons and other Offences committed or done by any person or persons against the Kings Majestyes most Royall Person and all Conspiracies and Consideracies traiterously had committed or done by any person or persons against his Majestyes most Royall Person.

And alsoe excepted all and every manner of Treasons committed or done by any person or persons in the Parts beyond the Seas or in any other Place out of this Realme, and alsoe all Suites, Punishments, Executions Paines of Death, Forfeitures and Penalties for or by reason or occasion of any the Treasons and Offences before excepted.

And alsoe excepted out of this Free Pardon all Offences in forgeing and false counterfeiting the Kings Majestyes Great or Privy Seale, Signe Manuall or Privy Signet or of any the Moneys currant within this Realme, and alsoe all Offences of unlawfull diminishing any of the said Moneys by any way or meanes whatsoever contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, and all Misprisions and Concealments of the Treasons before excepted, and all abetting, aiding, comforting and procureing of the same offences or any of the said Treasons before excepted.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all manner of voluntary Murders, Petit Treasons and wilfull Poysonings done or committed by any person or persons and all and every the Accessaries to the same Offences or any of them before the said Offences committed.

And alsoe excepted and foreprized out of this Generali Pardon all Piracies and Robberies done upon the Seas, and all and every procureing or abetting any such Offenders and the comforting and receiving of them or any of them or of any Goods taken by way of Piracy or Robbery upon the Seas as aforesaid.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Burglaries committed or done in any Dwelling-house or Houses and all Accessaries to any the said Burglaryes before the same Burglary committed.

And alsoe excepted the detestable and abominable Vice of Buggery committed with Mankinde or Beast

And alsoe excepted all Rapes and Caraall Ravishments of Women.

And alsoe excepted all Ravishments and wilfull takeing away or marrying of any Maid, Widdow or Damsell against her will or without the assent or agreement of her Parents or of such as then had her in custodies and alsoe all offences of aiding, comforting, procuring or abetting any such Ravishment, wilfull takeing or marrying had, committed or done.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Offences of Perjury and the subornation of Witnesses and the offences of forging and counterfeiting any false Deeds Escripts or Writeings, and all offences of forging or counterfeiting any Examinations or Testimonies of any Witnesse or Witnesses tending to bring any person or persons into danger of his life and all procureing and counselling of any such forgemgs or counterfeitings had, made, committed or done.

And alsoe excepted all Forfeitures and other Penalties and Proffitts now due accrued and grown, or which shall or may be due accrew or grow to the Kings Majestie by reason of any Offence, Misdemeanour or Contempt or other act or deed had, suffered, committed or done contrary to any Ad, Statute or Statutes or contrary to the Common Lawes of this Realm, and whereof, or for the which any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information at any time within six yeares next before the thirteenth day of February in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy two have beene commenced or sued in any of his Majestyes Courts at Westminster and was then and there depending and remaining to be prosecuted, or whereupon any Verdict, Judgement or Decree is already given or entred, other then such [Information*] as shall be then and there depending for stamping and coyning of Farthings, Halfe-pence, Pence, and such small Money as aforesaid, or for uttering the same.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Informations and other Proceedings depending concerning any common High wayes or Bridges and all Issues returned upon any Processe concerning the same since the five and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty and three.

And alsoe excepted all Offences in takeing away, imbezilling or purloyning any of the Kings Majestyes Goods, Moneys, Chattells, Jewells, Armour, Munition, Stores, Navall Provisions, Shipping, Ordnance or other Habiliments of Warr;

And alsoe excepted all Conditions and Covenants and all Penalties, Titles and Forfeitures of Condition or Conditions, Covenant or Covenants accrued or grown to the Kings Majestie by reason of the Breach and not performing of any Covenant or Condition whatsoever.

And alsoe excepted all Offences of Incest, Simony or Dilapidations for which any Suite is or was depending upon the first day of this Session of Parliament.

1 or 0.

* Informations 0.

25° Car. II. c.5.

789

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all First-fruits and Tenths, Pensions, Procurations, Synodalls and other payments out of any Ecdesiasticall Promotion or Benefice.

And alsoe excepted out of this Free Pardon all and every the Summes of Money and Dutyes following, and the concealments or wrongfull detainments thereof (that is to say) of any Custome or Subsidy, Excise, Hearth-money, Imposition upon Wines or other Liquors, Impositions upon Proceedings at Law, Dutyes arisdng by Wine-Licences or the Post-Office or any other Taxe, Assesment, Duty or Imposition due to the Kings Majestie, or given by any Act of Parliament and all arreares thereof, and all Forfeitures ariseing thereby, or for the Non-payment thereof and all Corruptions and Misdemeanours of any Officer or Minister of, in, or concerning the same, and all Accounts

and Suites whatsoever to be had, made or prosecuted for the same, and all Concealments, Fraudes and Offences,

by which his Majestie hath beene deceived, and not truely answered of or for the same.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Debts, Dutyes, Summes of Money, Accounts, Obligations, Recognizances

and other Securityes which by a former Act, endtuled, An Act of Free and Generali Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion doe therein stand excepted, and are not yet answered and paid or otherwise discharged.

And alsoe excepted all and every manner of takeing from the Kings Majestie any Goods or Chattells forfeited unto him by reason of any Treason, Petit Treason, Murder or Felony heretofore committed or done. And alsoe all and every manner of takeing from the Kings Majestie the Issues, Rents, Revenues or Proffitts of any Mannours, Lands Tenements or Hereditaments which were of any Traitor, Murderer, Felon, Clerke or Clerks attainted or any of them. And alsoe all and every manner of takeing from the Kings Majestie the Issues, Rents, Revenues and Proffitts of any Mannours, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, parcell of the Possessions of any Bishoprick, the Temporal ties whereof upon the said five and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty three, or at any time since were or of right ought to have beene in his Majestyes hands.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Arrearages of Rent due from any Farmer of any part of his Majesties Revenue ariseing by Customes, Excise or Hearth-Money or Impositions upon Proceedings at Law, and all Arrearages of Fee-farme Rents or other Rents due to his Majestie.

And alsoe excepted all and singular Accompts of all and every ColleSor and Collectors, Commissioners Treasurers or Receivers who have received or collected any [Subsody,'] Custome, Subsidy of Tonnage or Poundage, additionall Duty, Prize-goods or other things grown due or happening since the said five and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixtie and three, and all Accompts of every other person whatsoever that ought to be accomptant to the Kings Majestie for or in respect of any Receipt or other charge which hath growne since the said five and twentyeth day of March, and the Heires, Executors, Administrators and Sureties of every such person that ought to accompt for all things touching onely the same accompts, And all and singular arrearages of accompts and untrue accompts made or rendred since the said five and twentyeth day of March, and all Impetitions, Charges, Seizures, Suites, Demands and Executions which may or can be had of or for any such accompt or accompts or any arrearages of the same.

And alsoe except all Recognizances Obligations and other Securities given or entred into by any Receiver, Reeve, Bayliffe, Collector or other Accomptant in the Court of Exchequer and their Sureties and their Accompts respectively and all other Recognizances and Obligations whatsoever conditioned for the payment of Money.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That this Act shall not extend or be construed to pardon or discharge any Recognizance or Obligation not yet forfeited, nor to pardon or discharge any forfeited Recognizance or Obligation or any other Forfeiture or Penaltie whereof the Farmers of his Majestyes Customes or Excise or the Farmers of any other part of his Majestyes Revenue ought to receive any benefitt or advantage, nor to pardon or discharge any Debt due by Recognizance, Obligation or other Specialty to any other person or persons indebted to his Majestie, and which hath beene duely seized in aid of his Majesties Debt, nor to pardon or discharge any debt due by Recognizance, Obligation, Condemnation or otherwise whereupon any Enstalment or Seizure hath beene at any time heretofore made, upon which Enstalment or Seizure any thing is, or at any time since the said five and twentyeth day of March hath beene answered and paid to his Majestyes Use, nor to pardon or discharge any Penalties, Forfeitures or Summes of Money due or accrued to his Majestie by reason of any AS, Statute or Statutes; which Forfeitures Penaltyes and Summes of Money since the said five and twentyeth day of March be converted into the nature of debt by any Judgement, Order Decree or by the Agreement of the offender or offenders; or [have*] beene estalled or any Seizure made for the same, and upon such Seizure or Estalment any thing answered or paid to his Majestyes Use since the said five and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty and three.

Neverthelesse it is hereby declared That all Obligations and Recognizances forfeited since the said five and twentyeth day of March for Non-appearance in any Court or other place whatsoever, or for not keeping the Peace, or not being of the Good behaviour shall be dearely pardoned and discharged.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Issues Fines and Amerciaments lost, imposed or assessed since the said five and twentyeth day of March one thousand six hundred sixty and three being totted, leavyed or received by any Sheriffe, Under Sheriffe, Bayliffe, Minister or other Officer to or for the Kings Majesties use or behoofe before the last day of this present Session of Parlyament.

And alsoe excepted all Issues Fines and Amerciaments lost, imposed or assessed since the said five and twentyeth day of March affeered, taxed, sett, estreated or entred severally or perticularly touching or concerning any one or more persons joyntly or severally above the summe of six pounds.

First Fruits, See.

Concealment of Duties.

Debts, See. excepted by laC. II. c. ii.

Taking away Goods, Rents, &c. forfeited to the King.

Rents, &c. of Traitors, kc. Rents, See. of Temporalties in the King's Hands.

Arrearages due from Farmers of the Revenue.

Accounts of Collectors, kc.

Recognizances of Receivers, &c.

VIII. Recognizances, &c. forfeited and not forfeited, as herein mentioned, and Specialties to the Crown, &c.

IX.

Proviso for Recognizances for Appearance, kc. forfeited, since 25th March. Further Exception. Issues, kc. lost.

9P

25° Car. II. c. 5.

A.D. 167&

Issues,&c. returned, &c. within a Year before this Parliament.

X.

Proviso for other Fines and Issues.

XI.

Estreats of Fines, &c. hereby pardoned already estreated to be delivered into the Pipe Office.

Sheriffs and other Accountants may petition for Allow* ance of Fines, &c. without Fee.

XII. Further Exception. King Charles the First's Murderers, excepted by is C.II. c. II. and the two Persons appearing upon the Sicaffold with Vizors, dec.

This Act not to heal Disabilities.

Further Exception of Persons who have accepted any Office contrary to ii Car. II. c ii.

XIII. Persons disabled from bearing Offices liable to be Sheriffs.

Persons attainted of Rebellion, dec.

Persons exiled, &c.

Persons who have desired Transportation. Persons formerly excepted out of 12 Car. II. c. II. and punished by any subsequent Ad.

Persons imprisoned by Command of His Majesty or Privy Council.

And alsoe excepted all Issues, Fines and Amerciaments returned, affeered, taxed, sett or entred severally or perticularly in any Court of Record at Westminster at any time within the space of one whole yeare before the first day of this present Session of Parlyament.

And yet neverthelesse all other Fines, as well Fines pro Licentia concordandi as other sett, taxed, estreated or entred before that time, and alsoe all Issues and Amerciaments aswell reall as others within any Liberties or without being sett, taxed, estreated or entred before the time aforesaid, and which severally and perticularly extend to or under the Summe of six pounds and not above, whether they be estreated or not estreated, or whether they be turned into debt or not turned into debt, and not being totted leavyed or received by *Sny Sheriffs Under-Sheriffe Minister or other Officer to or for the Kings Majestyes use or behoofe before the first day of this present Session of Parlyament shall be freely, clearely and plainely pardoned and discharged against the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors by force of this present Act.

And yet neverthelesse all Estreats of such Fines, Issues and Amerciaments as be now pardoned by this Act and which be already estreated forth of the Court of Exchequer, and be remaining in the hands of the Sheriff^ Under Sheriffe, or Bayliffe for cohering of the same Fines, Issues and Amerciaments shall upon the Returne of the same. Estreats be duely and orderly charged and delivered by Scrowes into the Office of the Pipe in the Court of [the1] Exchequer as heretofore hath beene accustomed, to the intent that thereupon order may be taken that his Majestie may be truely answered all such Fines, Issues and Amerciaments not by this Act pardoned and which any Sheriffe, Under Sheriffe, Bayliffe or other Officer or Minister hath received or ought to answere by force or colour of any such Estreate, Processe or Precept to him or them made for the lea vying therof. And yet that notwithstanding all and every Sheriffe and Sheriffes and other Accomptant upon his or their Petition or Petitions to be made for the allowance of any such Fines Issues and Amerciaments as by this Act are pardoned shall have all and every [such3] his and their Petition allowed in his and their Accompt and Accompts without paying any Fee or Reward to any Officer Clerke or other Minister for the makeing, entering or allowing of any such Petition or Petitions Any Usage or Custome to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That this Act shall not extend to pardon, discharge or give any benefitt whatsoever unto

any person or persons who are by Name particularly excepted out of the said former Act of Free and Generali

Pardon, Indempnity and Oblivion for their execrable Treason and horrid Murther of his Majesty es Royall Father of glorious memory, nor to those two persons or either of them who being disguised by Frocks and Vizors appeared upon the Scaffold at the time when the said Murder was committed. Nor shall this present Act give or restore any abilitie or capacitie to take any Office or imployment to such person or persons who in and by the said former Act are made incapeable to beare any Office Ecclesiastical 1, Civill or Military within this Realme of England or Dominion of Wales, or of serveing as a Member in Parlyament, But all and every such person and persons shall remaine and continue under all and every the Disabilityes and Incapacity es by the said former Act imposed, Any thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Nor shall this Act extend to pardon discharge or give any benefitt to any person or persons who if they shall after the first day of September one thousand six hundred and sixty accept or exercise any Office Ecclesiasricall, Civill or Military or any other publique imployment within England, Wales or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede are by the said former Act to stand and be as if he or they had beene totally by name excepted out

of the said former Act, but all and every such persons shall if they accept any Office or imployment contrary to

the tenour of the said former Act be out of this Act wholly excepted and foreprized.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That notwithstanding the said Disability by this or the said former Act, any of the said persons soe disabled by either of the said Acts shall and may bee lyable and chargeable with the Office of Sheriffe of any County in case it shall be his Majestyes pleasure to impose the same.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all such persons as be and remaine still attainted or condemned by Ad of Parlyament, or otherwise of or for any Rebellion or leavying of Warr [or of or for any Conspiricy of any Rebellion or leavying of Warrx] within this Realme or any other his Majestyes Dominions, and all such persons who are attainted or outlawed of, or for any other Treason, Petit Treason, Murder, wilfull poysoning or Burglary and all Executions therefore.

And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all such persons who by vertue of any former Act of this present Parlyament are by expresse name exiled or made lyable to any other paines, penaltyes or disabilities whatsoever.

And alsoe excepted all such persons who after Conviction or Attainder of, or for any manner of Felony have desired to be transported into any of his Majestyes Forreigne Plantations.

And alsoe excepted all such persons, who being excepted out of the said former Act of Generali Pardon, Indempnity and Oblivion have had any paines or penalties imposed upon them by any subsequent Ad of Parlyament.

And alsoe except out (3) of this Pardon all such persons who upon the first day of this present Session of Parlyament were in prison within the Tower of London or within the prison of the Marshalsea, or in the prison of the Fleete or in the prison of the Gatehouse, or elsewhere in any part of his Majesties Dominions, or otherwise restrained of Liberty by expresse Commandment or Direction of his Majesty or any of his Majestyes Privy CoundlL

A.D. 1672.

25° Car. II. c. 5, 6.

791

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authoride aforesaid That it shall and may be iawfull to and for all XIV. and every Clerke and all other Officers of the Kings Courts to award and make Writts of Capias utlagatum at the Suite of the party Plaindffe against such Persons outlawed as be pardoned by this Act to the intent to compell o{ the

the Defendant or Defendants to make answere to the Plaindffe or Piaintiffes at whose Suite he or they were oudawed; Th^Defendant to and that every person soe outlawed shall sue a Writt of Scire facias against the party or party es at whose Suite he sue out a Scire facias or they were outlawed, before this Pardon in that behalfe shall be allowed to him or them that were soe outlawed. dWed.^1 Pardon

XV.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted by the authoride aforesaid That this Act of Generali Pardon shall not in any wise extend to any person outlawed upon any Writt of Capias ad satisfaciendum, unrill such time as the party soe oTtU^riea^po? outlawed shall sadsfie or otherwise agree with the partie at whose Suite he was soe outlawed or condemned. CmP*ad nt*

And it is further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That every person or persons hereby pardoned may pleade XVI.

the Generali Issue without spedall pleading of this Pardon ; and give this Act of Pardon in Evidence for his discharge, and that the same shall be thereupon allowed and the advantage thereof had as fully to all intents and purposes as Evidence,

if the same had beene fully and well pleaded, and in such manner as any Justice of Peace, Constable or other

Officer questioned for matters acted by them as Officers may have advantage of the matter of their Justification

upon the Generali Issue by them pleaded by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme.

And bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That this present Pardon shall be of as good force and Good XVII^ effect to pardon and discharge all and singular the Premisses above-mentioned and intended to be pardoned and against the King's discharged as well against such person or persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate as doe or shall claime the same by or under any Letters Patents Lease or Grant made by the Kings Majestie or any his Predecessors as against the Kings Majestie himselfe.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for takeing off Aliens Duty upon Commodities of the Growth, Product and Manufacture of the Nation. R0i.Parl.2sC.II.

HU. 6.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the eleaventh yeare of King Henry the Seaventh, it is enacted That all Recital of

Merchant-Strangers and others that be made Denizons by the Kings Letters Patents or otherwise shall 11 VII. c. 14.

pay such Customes and Subsidies for their [Goods and1] Merchandize Inwards and Outwards as they should have paid if such Letters Patents had never to them beene made. And whereas by one other Statute made in the twelfth yeare of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord the King that now is Intituled A Subsidy granted to the King of 12C.II. c.4. §6.

Tonnage and Poundage and other Summes of Money payable upon Merchandices exported and imported; and 13C.II. c.7.

afterwards confirmed by an Act of Parlyament made in the thirteenth yeare of his said Majesty es Raigne It is enacted That every (*) naturall-bome Subject Denizen and Alien shall pay the Summe of Twelve pence for all manner of Goods or Merchandize to be carryed out of this Realme or to be brought into the same by way of Merchandize amounting to the value of Twenty shillings according to the Booke of Rates, whereto Reference

is made by the said Statute; and that every Merchant Alien shall pay the Summe of Twelve pence over and above

the Twelve pence aforesaid for all manner of the Native Commodities of this Realme, or Manufactures wrought of any such native Commodities of the value of Twenty shillings to be carryed out of this Realme by such Merchants Aliens.

And whereas by another Clause of the said Statute of the twelfth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne that now is It laC.II. c.4. §2. is enacted That all Strangers and Aliens shall pay Six shillings and eight pence per Piece for every short Cloath to be carryed out of this Realme by such Strangers or Aliens. And whereas by the twelfth Article of Rules,

Orders, Directions and Allowances annexed to the said Booke of Rates, it is recited, ordered and directed That Merchant Strangers should pay double Petty Custome for Leade, Tynn, Woollen Cloath and for Native Manufactures of Wooll or part of Wooll and for all other Goods aswell inwards as outwards rated to pay the Subsidy of Poundage three pence in the pound and other Dutyes payable by Charta Mercatoria besides the Subsidy, Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoride of the same That soe much and such Clauses onely of the said Statutes of the eleaventh yeare of Henry the Seaventh; and of the twelfth yeare of our Soveraigne Lord the King that now is, and of the said twelfth Article of Rules, Orders,

Directions and Allowances and of Charta Mercatoria therin mentioned, and all other Clauses contained in any other Act or Statutes of this Realme whatsoever as doe any ways conceme any Custome or Subsidie upon any of the Native Commodityes of this Kingdome (except Coales) or Manufactures wrought or made in this Kingdome, or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, to be exported out of this Realme, payable by any Merchant, Alien made Denizon, or other Stranger or Alien, over and above the Custome and Subsidie payable by his Majestyes naturall borne Subjects and noe more be hereby repealed.

And for the further explanation hereof Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the first day of May which shall be in the yeare one thousand six hundred and seaventy three every such Merchant,

Denizon, Stranger or Alien shall pay for all Merchandize consisting of any the Native Commodities of this Realme (except Coales) or Manufactures wrought or made in the Kingdome of England or Towne of Berwicke upon

Part of

11 H. VII. c.14. 12C.II. c.4. and of other Act* concerning Custom* upon Native Commodities (except Coals) repealed.

II.

Denizens and Aliens to pay no more on Exportation of NativcConimodities than natural born Subjects, except for Coals.

792

25° Cab. II. c. 6, 7.

A.D. 1672.

Tweede to be carryed out of this Realme by any such Merchant, Denizon Stranger or Alien such Customes and Subsidies onely and noe other, or greater then Merchants being the Kings naturall borne Subjects doe by yertue of the said Statute of the twelfth yeare of his Majesde that now is, pay for any Merchandize of the Native Commodityes of this Realme (except Coales) or Manufactures wrought or made in this Kingdome, or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede to be exported out of this Realme by such naturall-bome Subjects, Any Law, Custome or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.

Nor for Fish of English catching and exported in Engliah Shipping,

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the first day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seaventy and three, every Merchant, Denizen or Alien shall pay for all sorts of Fish caught by English men and exported in English Shipping, and whereof the Master and three fourths of the Marriners shall be English, such Customes and Subsidies onely and n6e greater, or other then Merchants, being Nadves of this Realme doe pay for the same.

CHAPTER Vn.

Roi.ParhsC.il. An Act for the incouragement of the Greeneland and Easdand Trades, and for the better secureing the *• 7* Plantation Trade.

Reasons for pasung this Act.

and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoride of the same That it shall and may be lawfull for all his Majestyes Subjects of this his Realme of England and Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and for every other person or persons of what Nation soever resideing and inhabiting here dureing the time of such their Residence freely to trade into and from Greenland and those Seas, and [there1] to take Whales and all other sorts of Fish, and to import in this Kingdome all sorts of Oyle, Blubber and Finns thereof and to use and exercise all other Trade to and from Greenland and those parts.

FORASMUCH as the Whale-fishing is a very considerable and profitable Trade, giveing imployments to great numbers of Seamen and Shipping; And whereas neighbouring Nations doe yearely make great advantage thereby, not onely supplying themselves with that sort of Oyle and Finns, but vending into other parts great quantities thereof and particularly into this Kingdome, where the said Trade is in a manner quite decayed and lost; For remedy thereof and encouragement of such as shall be willing to employ themselves and their Estates in this Trade Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall

II.

Natives tnd Foreigners mar trade to Greenland, and import Oil, Ac. without paying Duty for such Goods imported by English Skips; it by Shipping of the Colonies, then the several Rates herein mentioned.

And for the further encourageing of the said Trade Bee it enacted by the authoride aforesaid That it shall be lawfull for any person or persons Native or Forreigner to importe Train-oyle or Blubber of Greenland and parts adjacent, and those Seas or of Newfoundland or of any other his Majestyes Colonies and Plantations made of Fish or of any other Creature liveing in the Seas, and Whale finns caught in any Shipps or Vessel Is truely and properly belonging to England or Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and imported in such Shipps without paying any Custome or other Duty for the same;

And for the Tunn of such Oyle taken by any Shipping belonging to any of his Majestyes Colonies and Plantations and imported in such Shipping there shall be paid the summe of six shillings;

And for every Tunn of Whale-finns taken and imported in such Shipping the summe of fifty shillings.

And for the Tunn of such Oyle taken by the said shipping, but imported in shipping belonging to England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede the summe of three shillings,

And for every Tunn of Whale-fins taken and imported in such shipping the summe of five and twenty shillings. And for the Tunne of all such Oyle and Blubber of Forreigne Fishing the summe of nine pounds.

And for every Tunne of Whale-finns of Forreigne Fishing the summe of eighteene pounds and noe more.

HL

Liberty given to have one Moiety of Htrpiniert and one Moiety of English Manners in an English Vessel, without paying further Duty.

IV.

Eng

taking the ] of this Act to proceed from England to Greenland, and victualled accordingly.

And in reguard there are at present great want of Harpinieres and Seamen skilled and exercised in the Trade of Whale-fishing Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfiill for any Shipp or Vessell truely belonging to England Wales or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, and whereof the Master shall bee an English man and inhabiting within the places aforesaid from and after the first of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and three and untill the five and twentyeth [Day*] of March which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and three employed for the catching of Whales dureing such Voyage to bee navigated with one moyety of the Harpinieres, and one moyety of the rest of the Marriners onely English, and yet to pay noe further or other Custome for the Oyle^ Blubber or Finns caught and imported in such Shipp or Vessell, then if such Shipp or Vessell had beene navigated with three fourths of the Marriners English, Any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes, and it is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That noe English built Shipp or other Shipp or Vessell belonging to England, Wales or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede importing Whale oyle or Blubber or other Fish, Oyle or Whale-finns of Greenland or those Seas shall enjoy any benefitt or priviledge by this Act unlesse such Shipp or Vessell did proceede on her Voyage for Greenland and those Seas from England or Wales or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede, and was vi&ualled for the said Voyage in some of those places to be attested by the Collector of the Port where the said Shipp or Vessell was vi&ualled.

1 their 0.

• 0. omits.

25° Car. II. c. T.

793

And whereas by one A & passed in this present Parlyament in the twelfth yeare of your Majestyes Raigne endtuled An Act for (’) encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, and by severall other Lawes passed since that time it is permitted to shipp, carry, convey and transport Sugar, Tobacco, Cotton-wooli, Indicoe, Ginger, Fusticke and all other Dying wood of the Growth, Production and Manufacture of any of your Majestyes Plantations in America, Asia or Africa from the places of their Growth Production and Manufacture to any other of your Majestyes Plantations in those Parts (Tangier onely excepted) and that without paying of Custome for the same either at the ladeing or unladeing of the said Commodityes by meanes whereof the Trade and Navigation in those Commodity es from one Plantation to another is greatly increased, and the Inhabitants of diverse of those Colonies not contenting themselves with being supplyed with those Commodities for their owne use free from all Customes (while the Subjects of this your Kingdome of England have paid great Customes and Impositions for what of them hath beene spent here) but contrary to the expresse Letter of the aforesaid Lawes have brought into diverse parts of Europe great quantities thereof, and doe alsoe [dayly *] vend great quantities thereof to the shipping of other Nations who bring them into diverse parts of Europe to the great hurt and diminution of your Majestyes Customes and of the Trade and Navigation of this your Kingdome; For the prevention thereof Wee your Majestyes Commons in Parliament [assembled1] doe pray that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by authoride of the same That from and after the first day of September which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and three If any Shipp or Vessell which by Law may trade in any of your Majesties Plantations shall come to any of them to shipp and take on board any of the aforesaid Commodities, and that Bond shall not be first given with one sufficient Surety to bring the same to England or Wales or the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and to noe other place, and there to unloade and putt the same on shoare (the danger of the Seas onely excepted) that there shall be answered and paid to your Majestie your Heires and Successors for soe much of the said Commodities as shall be laded and putt on board such Shipp or Vessell these following Rates and Dutyes, That is to say

For Sugar White the hundred Weight containing one hundred and twelve pounds five shillings;

And Browne Sugar and Muscavadoes the hundred weight containing one hundred and twelve pounds one shilling [and1] six pence;

For Tobacco the pound one penny;

For Cotton-wooli the pound one halfe-penny;

For Indicoe the pound, two pence;

For Ginger the hundred weight containing one hundred and twelve pounds one shilling;

For Logwood the hundred Weight containing one hundred and twelve pounds, five pounds;

For Fusticke and all other Dying-wood the hundred Weight containing one hundred and twelve pounds six pence;

And alsoe for every pound of Cacao-nutts one penny, to be leavyed, collected and paid at such places, and to such Collectors and other Officers as shall be appointed in the respective Plantations to collect, leavy and receive the same before the ladeing thereof, and under such Penalties both to the Officers and upon the Goods as for non-payment of, or defrauding his Majestie of his Customes in England.

And for the better coUe&ion of the severall Rates and Dutyes aforesaid imposed by this Act, Bee it enacted and it is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That this whole busines shall bee ordered and mannaged, and the severall Dutyes hereby imposed shall be caused to be leavyed by the Commissioners of the Customes in England, now and for the time being by and under the authoritie and directions of the Lord Treasurer of England or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being.

And in case any person or persons lyable by this Law to pay any of the Duties aforementioned, shall not have moneyes wherewith to answere and pay the same Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That die Officers appointed to coiled the same shall accept instead of such moneyes such a proportion of the Commodities to be shipped as shall amount to the Value thereof according to the currant Rate of the said Commodities in such Plantation respectively.

(J) For encouragement of the Eastland Trade Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same That it shall and may be lawfull to and for every person and persons Native or Forreigner from and after the first day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and three at all times to have free liberty to trade into and from Sweden, Denmark? and Norway; Any thing in the Charter of the Governour, Assistants and Fellowship of Merchants of Eastland, or any other Charter, Grant, Act or any thing else heretofore made or done, or hereafter to be done to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That whatsoever person or persons Subjects of this Realme shall desire to be admitted into the said Fellowshipp of Merchants of Eastland, That every such person shall bee admitted into the said Fellowshipp paying for his Admission the summe of forty shillings and noe more.

V.

Recital of is C.II. c.18. §t8.

ai k 23 Car. II. c.a6 §8.

If Bond shall not be given to bring Plantation Good* to England;

there shall be paid the following Duties.

Penalty.

VI.

Duty to be levied by Commissioners of the Customs in England.

VII.

If Party have not ready Money, Commissioners may take a Proportion of the Commodities.

VIII.

Free Trade to Sweden, Denmark, and Norway.

IX.

Natives may be admitted into the Eastland Company, paying 40s.

•9Q

794

25° Car. II. c. 8.

A.D. 1GVi.

Rot• Path ij C //• mi. 8.

Recital of the Advantages of 18 (18 & I9)C.II. c* 5*

The said Act continued for Seven Years, &c.

II.

Recital of 18(18 k 19) C. II.

C.«. 46. and of the Inconvenience thereof.

Regulation as to what Officers the Monies levied under this Act are to be paid.

Certificate from Comptroller General of the Customs.

Quietus.

Further like Regulations where the Customs farmed.

Certificate.

Quietus.

III.

Duties to be paid at the Importation of the Commodities.

Penalty.

IV.

Money to be kept distinct, and paid monthly in London, and quarterly in the Out Ports to Receiver General;

to whom to be paid where no Receiver General.

Duty of

Receiver General, or such other Person.

V.

Salaries to Officers.

CHAPTER VIIL An Act for continuing a former Act concerning Coynage.

FORASMUCH as great advantage hath accrewed to this Kingdome by one Act of this' present Parlyament passed in the eighteenth yeare of your Majestyes Raigne endtuled An Act for Encouragement of Coynage. for that very great quantities of Gold and Silver have beene brought into this Realme, and converted into the current Coynes thereof by reason of the encouragement given thereto by the said Act ; And whereas the said Act was to continue untill the twentyeth of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and one, and untill the end of the first Session of Parlyament then next following and noe longer, soe as that unlesse the said Act be now renewed, the encouragement given thereby to Coynage will cease, and this Kingdome be deprived for the future of soe great a good as it hath thereby for these yeares last past enjoyed; Wee therefore your Majestyes Dutyfull and Loyall Subjects doe humbly pray that it may be enacted and bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons now in Parlyament assembled and by the authoride of the same That the said Act shall continue and be in force for the space of seaven yeares to commence from and after the determination of this present Session of this Parlyament, and untill the end of the first Session of Parlyament then next following and noe longer.

Provided alwayes that whereas by the said Act it is enacted That the moneys leavyed, collected and paid by vertue thereof should be leavyed, collected and paid at the respective Custome-houses to the Collectors and other Officers of the Customes for the time being, and be by them respectively paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, whereby each of the said Collectors are oblidged to passe a distinct accompt in the Exchequer for the moneyes received by them by vertue of the said Acts, although the summes received by many of them are very small and inconsiderable, and yet noe allowance to bee made unto them for the doeing thereof; For the avoiding of this unnecessary trouble and inconvenience to the said Collectors bee it enacted and it is hereby enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That dureing such time as the Customes shall be in Collection under the mannagement of Commissioners, the moneys collected, leavyed and paid by vertue of this Act shall be leavyed, collected and paid to such Officers, as doe or shall from time to time collect and receive the Customes in the respective Ports upon the Commodities charged by this Act, and shall be by them respectively answered and paid to the Receiver Generali of the Customes now and for the time being, whose acquittance shall be to them and every of them a sufficient discharge for the moneys by them paid to him and a Certificate by them obtained yearely or oftner from the Comptroller Generali of the Accompts of the customes now and for the time being with the allowance of the Commissioners of the Customes or any three or more of them of their haveing soe paid all the moneys by them received shall be to them and every of them a Quietus and free them from all other accompts or trouble

for the same. And in case the Customes shall be farmed that the moneys leavyed, collected and paid by vertue

of this Act dureing such time schall be collected leavyed and paid in the respective Ports to such [person *] as shall be appointed [to1] the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being to leavy, collect and receive the same and be by them paid to such person as shall be in like manner appointed to receive the said

moneys from them, whose acquittance shall be to them and every of them a sufficient discharge for the moneys

by them paid to him, and a certificate by them obtained yearely or oftner from such person or persons as shall be in like manner appointed to give such Certificate of their haveing soe paid all the moneys by them received shall be to them and every of them a Quietus, and free them from all other accompts or trouble for the said moneys, Any thing in the said Act for the encouragement of Coynage, or any other Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid That the moneys to be leavyed, collected and paid by vertue of this Act, shall be leavyed collected and paid at the Importation of the Commodities charged thereby, and that over and above all other Dutyes and Summes of Moneys charged and payable upon the same and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures as for non payment of, or defrauding his Majestie of his Customes upon the said Commodities.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the moneys collected in the respective Ports by vertue of this Act shall be by the respective Officers who shall collect the same distinguished and kept apart from all other moneys by them collected upon the same Comodities, or upon any other Commodity or Merchandize whatsoever, and shall be by them respectively soe answered and paid monethly at least from the Officers of the Port of London, and quarterly at (3) least from the Officers of the Outports to the Receiver-Generall of the Customes for the time being; And when there shall be noe such Receiver Generali to such other person as shall be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same from them; and that such Receiver Generali or other person who shall receive the said moneys from the Officers of the respective Ports shall alsoe keepe the same distinct from all other moneys whatsoever, and soe pay the same once in every moneth at least into the Receipt of the Exchequer, there alsoe to be kept distinct and apart from all other moneys ariseing by the Customes, or by any other way or Revenue whatsoever.

And lastly Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That for the encouragement of the respective Officers before mentioned it shall bee lawfull for the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to allow unto them out of the moneys ariseing by this Act for the Services above-mentioned such Sallaries and Allowances as to them shall seeme meete and reasonable; soe as that the said Sallaries and Allowances doe not exceede in the whole the summe of twelve pence in the pound of the moneys collected by this Act.

1 Persons 0. 0 by O. 3 the O.

25° Car. II. c. 9, 10,

795

CHAPTER IX.

An Act to enable the County Palatine of Durham to send Knights and Burgesses toa serve in Parlyament.

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the County Palatine of Durham have not hitherto had the liberty and priviledge of electing and sending any Knights and Burgesses to the High Court of Parlyament, although the Inhabitants of the said County Palatine are lyable to all Payments, Rates and Subsidies granted by Parlyament equally with the Inhabitants of other Counties Cities and Burroughes in this Kingdome, who have their Knights and Burgesses in the Parlyament, and are therefore concerned equally with others the Inhabitants of this Kingdome to have Knights and Burgesses in the said High Court of Parlyament of their owne election to represent the Condition of their County as the Inhabitants of other Countryes, Cittyes and Burroughes of this Kingdome have, Wherefore may it please your Majestie that it may be enacted and bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and [consenti] of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal! and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same That from time to time and at all times from and after the end of this present Session of Parlyament, the said County Palatine of Durham may have two Knights for the same County, and the City of Durham two Citizens to be Burgesses for the same Citty, for ever hereafter to serve in the High Court of Parlyament to be elected and chosen by vertue of your Majestyes Writt, to be awarded by the Lord Chauncellour or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being, in that behalfe to the Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Temporall Chauncellor of the [said *] County of Durham and a Precept to be thereupon grounded and made by the Lord Bishop of Durham, or his Temporall Chauncellor for the time being, to the Sheriffe of the said County for the time being, and the same Election from time to time be made in manner and forme following, that is to say, the Elections of the Knights to serve for the said County Palatine from time to time hereafter to be made by the greater number of Freeholders of the said County Palatine of Durham which from time shall be present at such Elections accordingly as is used in other County es in this your Majesties Kingdome, and that the Election of the said Burgesses from time to time to serve in the High Court of Parlyament for the City of Durham to be made from time to time by the major part of the Maior, Aldermen and Freemen of the said City of Durham which from time to time shall be present at such Elections j which said Knights and Burgesses and every of them soe elected and chosen shall be returned by the said Sheriffe into the Chauncery of England in due forme and upon the like paines as be ordained for the Sheriffe or Sheriffes of any other County of this Kingdome, to make his or their Returns in the like cases, and that the said Knights and Burgesses and every of them soe elected and returned, shall be by authoritie of this present Act, Knights and Burgesses of the High Court of Parlyament to all intents and purposes, and have and use the like Voice, Authority and Places therein to all intents and purposes, as any other, the Knights and Burgesses of the said High Court of Parlyament have, use and enjoy, and likewise shall and may by vertue of this present Act take, have, use and enjoy all such and the like Liberties, Advantages, Dignities and Priviledges concerning the said Court of Parlyament to all intents, constructions and purposes, as any other the Knights and Burgesses of the said High Court of Parlyament have taken, had, used or enjoyed, or shall, may or ought hereafter to have, take or enjoy.

Rot. Pari, 25 C. //. *, 9.

Recital that C. P. of Durham hath not hitherto sent Members to Parliament.

The C. P. of Durham to send Two Knights, and the City of Durham to send Two Burgesses, to Parliament.

How the Elections are to be made, and by whom.

Members to be returned by the Sheriff.

Privileges of the Knights and Burgesses so returned.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for revivemg the Judicature for determination of Differences touching Houses burnt downe and demolished by reason of the late Fire, which happened in London, and for rebuilding of the Navy Office.

WHEREAS an Act lately passed in the nineteenth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne entituled An Act for erecting a Judicature for determination of Differences touching Houses burnt downe and demolished by reason of the late Fire which happened in London; which said Act expired upon the last day of December in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred sixty eight. And by another Act made in the two and twentyeth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne entituled An additionall Act for rebuilding the City of London, uniteing the Parishes, and rebuilding of the Cathedrall and Parochiall Churches within the said City, was revived with additionall authority to the said Judicature, which said last additionall Ad expired upon the twenty nineth of September one thousand six hundred seaventy and one. And whereas there are yet remaining nine hundred Tofts of Ground of Houses burnt downe and demolished in the said late great Conflagration, and a considerable number of others which were burnt downe and demolished by reason of a Fire which happened and begunn in his Majesties Navy-Office scituate in Seething-Lane London on the twenty nineth day of January last past, the rebuilding whereof may be much expedited by the determination of the Differences, which are or may be betweene the Landlords and Tennants of the said Houses soe burnt or demolished respectively, Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the Judicature erected by the said two severall Acts and all and every the powers and authorities thereby given to the Justices of the [Courts of2] the Kings-Bench and Common Pleas and Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the time being or any three or more of them, and all other matters

Roe. Pari. tSC. II. tm. 10.

Recital that 18 & 19C.II. c. 7. (19 c. II. c. 2.) had expired, and had been revived by 22 C. II. c. 11. which had also expired; and that many Houses remained unbuilt.

The Judicature for Determination of Differences occasioned by the Fire, continued until 25thFeb. 167 s

25° Car. II. c. 10.

A.D. 1672.

II.

The King's Surveyor to employ so much Ground near the Niry Office lately burnt, as snail be set out.

III. Satisfaction to Owners for the same Ground.

In what Cases the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen to impannel a Jury.

Verdict of the Jury, Judgment of the Mayor, See. and Payment of the Money awarded, conclusive against the Owners, &c.

IV. in case of Controversy concerning the Division of the Money for the Ground, Court of Judicature, on Petition within Six Months after the Verdidfc, to determine.

V.

Court of Judicature may determine Differences between Landlord and Tenant concerning Houses demolished in Seething Lane.

and things therein contained touching the said Judicature shall from henceforth stand and be revived undll the twenty fifth day of February one thousand six hundred seaventy five, Any clause, matter or thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And to the end that his Majestyes Navy-Office in the rebuilding thereof may be inlarged and made more commodious for his Majesty es use, and better secured from the dangers and casualties of Fire, and that some convenient distance, intervall and circuit of Ground may be left betweene the said Office and any other Houses that are or may be contiguous thereunto Bee it further enabled by the authoride aforesaid That his Majestyes Surveyor Generali shall and may and is hereby impowered to employ such places and portions of Ground of the Houses lately burnt downe and demolished adjacent to the said late Navy-Office as by and with his Majestyes approbation shall before the first day of May one thousand six hundred seaventy and three be sett out and adjudged necessary for the ornament, enlargement, security and conveniende of the said Office.

And to the intent that reasonable satisfaction may be given to the Owners and others haveing any Estate or Interest in the Grounds of the houses lately burnt downe and demolished, and places which shall be sett out to bee taken and employed for the ornament, security and conveniency of the Navy-Office aforesaid, the said Surveyour Generali and such other persons shall bee impowered and appointed by his Majestie in that behalfe shall and may treate and agree with the Owners and others interested therein; And in case of wilfull refosall or any such disability or impediment as in the aforesaid Acts are mentioned or other incapacity whatsoever as the Owners thereof or others interested therein shall delay or be disabled to treate and agree, the Lord Maior and the Court of Aldermen of the Citty of London shall and are hereby impowered, authorized and required to cause a Jury to be impannelled in such manner and forme as by the aforesaid Acts is directed and appointed; soe as noe two of the said Jurors (soe to be appointed) shall come out of the same Ward to adjudge and assesse what recompence and satisfaction in any or every of the cases aforesaid ought to be awarded and given to the respective Owners and others interressed in the Ground and Places soe sett out to be taken and imployed for the use or purpose aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, according to such their respective Estates and Interests; and the Verdict of such Jury in that behalfe to be taken and the Judgement of the said Lord Maior and Court of Aldermen of London thereupon and the payment of the money soe awarded and adjudged at or in the Office of the Chamberlaine of the City of London, there to remaine by the space of six moneths for the Owners or others interested therein as aforesaid, and after that time to be paid unto them by the said Chamberlaine upon demand, if that within that time there shall not arise any Controversie touching the payment thereof by reason of different Claimes made thereunto, shall be binding and conclusive to and against the Owners and all others haveing, (1) claimeing, or to claime any Estate, Right, Title or Interest of, in, to or out of the same, their Heires, Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assignes and every of them, and shall be a foil authoritie for his Majestie, his Heires and Successors to cause the same to be converted to and for the use and purpose aforesaid.

And in case any Controversie shall arise betweene any person or persons Bodies Pollitique or Corporate or his or their Assignes or Under-tenants or other persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title or Interest in Law or Equity, Trust, Charge or Incumbrance of or in the said places or grounds soe to be purchased or converted as aforesaid, who shall find him or themselves aggreived for or by reason that the said money soe given in satisfaction for the said places or ground is not or shall not be equally or indifferently apportioned according to the true value of his or their Interests in the said places or grounds, that then the said Justices of the Courts of the Kings-Bench and Common Pleas and Barons of the Coife of the Court of Exchequer for the time being or any three or more of them sitting together at the same time and place upon the petition of the said partie or parties greived, to be preferred to any one of them within six moneths after the said verdict soe had and given, and not after, are hereby authorized to heare and finally determine the same, and to order and award such Destribution of the money soe paid unto the Chamberlaine as aforesaid to the said person or persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate respectively, according to his and their severall and respective Interests in the same, in such manner and forme as the said Justices and Barons or any three of them may determine any Differences or Demands which have or shall arise betweene any Landlord or Tenant touching repairing or rebuilding any of the Houses burnt downe or demolisht by the late Fire aforesaid by vertue of the said Acts or either of them:

And whereas some Differences are and may arise betweene Landlords and Tenants of the severall Houses lately burnt or demolished in Seething-Lane, London aforesaid; Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Judges and Barons or any three or more of them bee, and are hereby authorized and impowered to [heare and determine all such Cases for all such Houses and Tenements as folly and amply, and in like manner to all intents and purposes as they could or might heare and determine any the like Differences by vertue of both or either of the Acts aforesaid, and all Decrees and Orders in such Cases to be made shall binde and be obeyed by all parties therein concerned accordingly.

1 or 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

A.D. 1672.

25° & 27° Car. II

797

ITEM queda Peddones privates personas concementes (in se formam Actus contmentes) exbibite fuerunt predido Domino Regi in Parliament f?di&o, quoru Tituli subscribuntur (videlicet)

i. An Act for the Setlement of the Redory of Chudleigh in the County of Devon upon Thomas Lord Clifford and others.

2. An Act to enable James Earle of Salisbury to lett Leases of certaine Lands and Tenements for any terms not exceeding forty yeares.

j. An Act to enable the Deane and Chapter of the Cathedrall Church of Bristoll to exchange their Vicaridge of Berkley in the County of Gloucester with George Lord Berkley for his Redory of Saint Michaells in Sutton Bonnington in the County of Nottingham.

4. An Act to enable the Trustees of Sir William Hanham Baronet deceased to sell Lands to pay his debts according to his owne direction in his Life rime, and for management of the estate of Sir John Hanham an infant dureing his minority.

5. An Act to confirme Articles of Agreement made upon the marriage of Sir William Rich Baronet.

6. An Act for the confirming of an Award made by Sir Orlando Bridgeman Knight and Baronet late Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the ending of all differences in the family of Sir Thomas Woolrich Knight and Baronet deceased and to enable John Woolrich Esquire and his heires to execute the powers in the said Award mentioned.

7. An Act for transferring the Interest of a terme of yeares in certaine Mannours and Lands late of Sir Robert Berkley Knight deceased and payment of Portions appointed to his Grand-children.

8. An Act for confirmeing Agreements made betweene Sir Ralph Bancks Sir John Hanham Baronet Ellis Bethell Thomas Mackrell, Richard Warland and John Edwards by their Guardians, and diverse other persons.

9. An Act for explaining and declareing the extant of an exception in a Deed therein named.

10. An Act for enabling Robert Bellamy to sell Lands for the payment of his Debts.

11. An Act for the naturalizing of Phillip Lloyd Gentleman.

Anno 27° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1675.

(')ACTS pasted on the 9th of June 1675 in the 37th Yeare of the Retgne of K’g Charles y* ad. in the Session begun the 13 of Aprill 1675. 27* Car. II. being the 13th Session of the Parliament begun the 8th of May 1661 in the 13th Yeare of his Reigne.

1. An Act for granting a licence to His Higbnes Prince Rupert Duke of Cumberland for one and thirty yeares.

3. An Act to enable Sir France Compton to make Sale of the Mannor of Hammerton in the County of Huntington.

3. An Act for the naturalization of Theodore Russell and others.

4. An Act to enable Charles Cotton Esc^ to sell Lands for payment of debts 'and raiseing Portions for Younger Children.

5. An Act for enabling Trustees to sell Lands in the Counties of Glamorgan & Monmouth, for the payment of the Debts of William Lewis Esq> deceased, and the Debts and Legacies of Edward Lewis Estfe deceased his Son. (*)

1 Taken from the Long Calendar at the Parliament Office.

* There is no Roll in Chancery for ffiis Session} and no Acts appear at the Parliament Office at Public Acts; and the above Five Ada only appear there aa Private Ada.

9 R

( 798 )

Anno 27° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1675.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations continued until the Thirteenth Day of October, In the TWENTY-SEVENTH Year of the same Kino,

In the Fourteenth Session of the same Parliament.

Reasons for passing this Act.

A Court of Record constituted.

How to proceed, and what to determine.

Differences between Landlord and Tenant.

Repairs, &c.

Defalcation, Apportioning, See, of Rent. Exception.

€x ftotulo i&arUamentt he anno i&egnt ftegts CaroU ftectinhf,

fflicestmo-septimo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoa? et ten! apud Westmonasteriu Octavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenisami Domini nostri Caroli Secundi Dei Gratia Anglie, Scotie Frande et Hibemie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Decimo-tertio, et per seperales Prorogadones usq^ ad et in decimu-tertiu Die O&obris Anno di&i Domini Regis Vicesimo-septhno continual videlicet in Decima-quarta ejusde Parliamend Sessione Communi omniu Dominoru ta Spirit ualiu qua Temporaliu et Comunitatis Consensu et Regie Majestatis Assensu sancitu ina&itatu ordinatu et stabilitu salt hoc sequens Statutu ad verbu videlicet An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding the Towne of Northampton. Cujus quids Tenor sequitur in hijs verbis.

FORASMUCH as the greatest part of the Towne of Northampton hath beene burnt downe by a suddaine and dreadfull Fire which happened in September last, and diverse Suites and Controversies by reason thereof are likely to arise betweene the severall Proprietors and others claiming under them, tending (if not prevented) to the great Vexadon and Dammage of the poore Inhabitants, and hindering the rebuilding the said Towne [For Remedy thereof, as also for the promoting the rebuilding of the said Towne *] Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in the present Parliament assembled, and by the authorise of the same That the Judges of Assize for the County of Northampton and other the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas and the Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the dme being, the Justices of Peace for the said County for the time being and the Maior of the Towne of Northampton for the rime being, and Sir John Holman Baronet, Sir Edmond Bray Knight Thomas Willoughby James Stedman Robert Heslerige Thomas Andrews Thomas Ward Charles Fleetwood Daniell Danvers Salathiell Lovell and William Kimbold Esquires or any five or more of them sitring at the same dme and place together at the Guildhall or some other place within the said Towne of Northampton shall be, and by [the*] authoride aforesaid are made and consdtuted a Court of Record, and shall or may with or without adjournment from time to time summarily and without the Formalities of Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity by Verdict, Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath, Examination of Parties interested or by all or any of the said wayes or otherwise at their discretions shall and are hereby authorized from time to time to heare and to determine all Differences and Demands whatsoever which have arisen or may any wise arise betweene Landlords, Proprietors, Tennants, Lessees, Under Tennants or late Occupiers of any the said Houses or Buildings with their Appurtenances or their Courts Yards or Grounds or any person or persons haveing or daimeing any Estate, Right, Title Interest in Law or Equity, Charge or Incumbrance of or in the same or their or any of their Heires, Executors, Administrators Successors or Assignes or any other persons for, touching or concerning the repairing, building or not building of the said Houses or Buildings Yards Courts and Grounds or for or concerning the payment defalcation, apportioning or abatement of any Rent or Rents other then Arreares of Rent onely due on or before the nine and twentyeth day of September one thousand six hundred seaventy and five, or for or touching any Covenant Condition or Penalty relateing thereunto or for touching or concerning the prefixing or

jLD.Wtf.

27° Car. II.

799

limitting of any time for such Repaires or new Building or any Rate or Contribution to be borne or paid thereunto by any person or persons Bodyes Politique or Corporate interested in the Premisses and all Incidents relateing thereunto, And that the definitive Order of the said Court as aforesaid shall be finall as well betweene the said Party es their Heires Executors Administrators Successors and Assignee and all claiming by, from or under them as touching the matter contained in such Orders from which there shall bee noe Appeale or Review otherwise then as is hereafter expressed.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Judges of Assize for the County of Northampton and other the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas and the Barrons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the time being, the Justices of the Peace for the said County for the time being and the Maior of the Towne of Northampton for the time being and Sir John Holman Baronet Sir Edmond Bray Knight, Thomas Willoughby James Stedman Robert Heslerige Thomas Andrews Thomas Ward Charles Fleetwood Daniell Danvers Salathiell Lovell and William Kimbold Esquires or any five or more of them as aforesaid shall have authority and are hereby impowered where they shall thinke it convenient to order the surrendering, increasing, abridgeing, ceaseing, determining or chargeing of any Estates in the Premisses, or to order new or longer Estates to be made of any of the Premisses by the Proprietors or Owners thereof or other persons interested therein to any Tennant or Sub Tennant or late Occupier of the same their Executors Administrators Successors or Assignes at such Rent or Fine as they shall thinke fitt unlesse in such Cases where the Lawes of this Realme doe forbid the diminishing of auntient and accustomable Rent, All which Orders according to the tenors thereof shall be obeyed by all persons concerned therein respectively and shall conclude and binde them their Heires Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes respectively notwithstanding any disability in respect of Coverture, Infancy Non sanity of memory Estate Taile or in right of Church or otherwise, And that Infants Femes covert Jdeots, persons of non sane memory or beyond the Seas, Tenants in Taile Bishops Deanes and Chapters and other Ecclesiasticall persons and their Successors Corporations and all other person or persons Bodies Naturall and Pollitique their Heires and Successors and their respective Interest shall be bound and concluded by such respective Order or Orders according to the tenor or purport thereof, Any Law, Statute or Custome or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Court shall have power and authority to make and appoint from time to time such Rules and Directions in the Formes and Orders of Building to bee observed in the rebuilding of such Houses as were demolished by or by reason of the said late Fire or any of them, and for other Buildings made or to be made since the said dreadfull Fire as they shall thinke fitt and convenient for the better Securitie and Ornament of the said Towne, And that the new Buildings of the said

demolished Houses and all such other Buildings shall be pursuant to such Rules and Directions soe given, And

alsoe that the said Court shall and may appoint and decree the enlargement or alteration of any of the Streets, Lanes, Roades and Passages and other places of publique use in the said Towne for the better use and conveniency thereof. And to the end that reasonable satisfaction may be given for all such Ground as shall be made use of and imployed to and for the uses aforesaid, the said Court shall and may treate and agree with the Owners and others interested therein. And if any person shall wilfully refuse to treate and agree as aforesaid,

or through any disability by Non-age, Coverture, especiall Entaile or other Impediment cannot accept thereof That

in such cases the said Court are hereby impowered to impannell and summon a Jury before them, which Jury upon their Oathes (to be administred by the said Court) are to assesse such Dammage and Recompence as they shall judge fitt to be awarded to the Owners and others interested in the said Ground for their respective Interests in the same, and upon payment of the said money soe awarded or tendered and refusall thereof, the Interest of all persons in the said Ground shall be for ever bound, and the same shall for ever after remaine to the uses aforesaid.

And further That the said Court for the better Regulation of the new Building of the said demolished Houses or any of them shall by the authoritie of this Act have power to order or appoint the alteration of the Foundations, or to take from one House and add to another or to order or appoint such other alterations as shall in their Judgements be expedient for the better rebuilding of the said Towne. And that the said Court shall and may award what summe of money shall be paid by the person who hath any benefitt by such alteration unto the person or persons who hath any losse or dammage thereby in satisfaction for the same. And in case the said person or persons will not, or through any such disability or other impediment as is before in this Act expressed

cannot accept thereof, in such cases the said Court are hereby impowered to impannell and summon a Jury

before them, which Jury upon their Oathes to be administred by the said Court are to assesse such Dammage and Recompence as they thinke fitt to be awarded by the person who hath benefitt by such alteration or addition to the person or persons damnified for his or their losse and dammage thereby, and upon payment of the said money soe awarded or tender and refusall thereof, the person or persons damnified shall be for ever barred and the person haveing benefitt thereby his Heires and Assignes shall for ever after hold and enjoy that which shall be soe appointed and assigned to him by the said Court as aforesaid.

Provided That the said Rules and Directions doe not extend to the takeing away of the Ground or Soile

of any person or persons Bodies Pollitique or Corporate or others otherwise then to enlarge the Passages at the Comers and Places herein after mentioned and to take away the Houses herein after expressed that is to say To inlarge the Passage at the Comer which stands in the Passage betweene the South Streetc and the Streetc

Timet for Repairs, See.

Definitive Order to be final.

II.

The said Court may make a Decree to charge, fee. Estates, or to order a new or longer Estate to be made, notwithstanding Infancy, Coverture, kc.

Exception.

Orders of Court to be obeyed, notwithstanding Infancy and other Disabilities herein mentioned.

ill.

Court may make Rules and Directions in reaped of the Forms and Order of Buildings;

and may enlaige or alter Streets, Lanes, Roads, and Passages, kc.

and may agree for Ground to be used for those Purposes.

In case of Refusal or of Disability by InfancyZ&c. then to impannel a Jury

and upon Payment, &c. the Interest of Parties bound.

IV.

Court may alter Foundations.

Satisfaction to be awarded.

A Jury to be impannelled in case of Disability.

Upon Payment, \v. Parties bound.

V.

Court not to take away any Ground but only for Enlargement of the Streets, kc. as herein'mentioned.

27° Car. II

A.D. 16J5.

Several Houses to be taken away.

If Owners do not build within Three Years, then the Court to dispose of the Ground to such Person as will build.

Satisfaction to be made to the Proprietor of the SoiL

In case of Refusal a Jury to be impannelled.

Payment of Money, 8cc. a Perpetual Bar.

VI.

Houses, &c. to be covered with Lead, Slate, or Tile.

Perilous Trades prohibited.

Undue Building j Penalty.

VII. Appeal from an Order made by less than Seven of the Judges.

A Review of the Decree.

Costs.

Time of determining Appeals.

called the Drapery, the Comer House there being late in the Tenure of Bartholimew Manning, and at the Comers which stand in the Passage betweene the said Streete called the Drapery and the Streete called the Sheepe Market on the North end of the said Streete called the Drapery, and to inlarge all the Streete or Passage betweene the North-side of All Saints Church and the Houses to be built over against it and the Streete or Passage on the South-side of the said Church and the Houses to be built over against it, and to take away all those Houses which stood betweene the Row of Buildings lying on the South side of the Markett Hill called die Mercers Row and the Row of Buildings lyeing on the North side of the said Market Hill, and to enlarge the North comer of the Passage betweene the Market place and the Streete called Abington Streete, and to inlarge the passage which went about the midle of the East side of the Drapery Streete into the Market place, And further in case the Proprietors or Owners of the Houses demolished by or by reason of the said Fire or their Assignes shall not within the space of three yeares next ensueing after the said Fire lay the Foundations of their Houses to be rebuilt and shall not within the time to be limited by the said Court rebuild and finish the same that upon such default the said Court shall have power and authority by their Order and Decree to dispose of the said Houses soe to be rebuilt and of the Soile thereof and of all Yards, Backsides, Orchards Gardens and other Appurtenances thereunto belonging to such person as will rebuild the same their Heires and Assignes, And that the said Court shall and may award what summe of money or other satisfaction the person who undertakes to be the Rebuilder shall give for the same to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Owner or Owners makeing such default as aforesaid. And in case the said person or persons makeing default will not or through any such disability or other impediment as is before in this Act expressed cannot accept thereof, in such cases the said Court are hereby impowered to impannell and summon a Jury before them, which Jury upon their Oathes (to be administred by the said Court) are to assesse such recompence and satisfaction as they shall thinke fitt to be awarded and paid unto the person or persons makeing default in rebuilding for the said Houses to be rebuilt and for the Soile thereof and for the Yards Backesides Orchards Gardens and other Appurtenances thereunto belonging by the person who undertakes to be the Rebuilder. And upon payment of the said recompence and satisfaction soe awarded, or tender and refusall thereof, the said person or persons makeing default in rebuilding his Heires and Assignes and all others shall be for ever barred and the said Houses to be rebuilt and the Soile and other the Appurtenances thereof soe assigned by the said Court unto the Undertaker to rebuild the same shall for ever after be and remaine unto the said Rebuilder his Heires and Assignes for ever in such manner as the said Court shall have assigned and appointed the same.

And for the preventing of future danger by Fire It is further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all Houses, Outhouses and other Buildings demolished by the late Fire or hereafter to be built within the said Towne shall bee covered with Leade, Slate or Tile and not otherwise, and that noe perillous Trade in respect of Fire shall hereafter be used or exercised in the prindpall publique parts or Streets of the said Towne, and that all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be built which shall bee covered contrary to this present A&, and all Houses demolished by the said Fire, built contrary to the Forme, Order and Direction of the said Court shall be adjudged and are hereby declared to be common and publique Nusances and be proceeded against and dealt with accordingly.

And bee it alsoe enacted by the authority aforesaid That where any such Order or Decree as aforesaid shall be made by a lesser number of the said Judges Justices of Peace and other the persons abovenamed and authorized then Seaven it shall be lawfull for any person agreived by such Order or Decree to present his Exceptions to the same in Writeing within twenty dayes next after such Order or Decree made to one of the Judges of Assize for the said County of Northampton for the time being or other the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench or Common Pleas or the Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the time being, and if one of them shall subscribe thereunto that hee findes probable cause of complaint then it shall be lawfull to or for any seaven or more of the Judges of Assize Justices of the Peace and other persons abovenamed (that made not the said Order or Decree) sitting at the same time together at the Guildhall or some other place within the said Towne of Northampton, to review the said former Order or Decree, and thereupon to reverse, confirme, inlarge, diminish or otherwise alter any such Order or Decree as in their Judgements they shall thinke fitt, or otherwise to award Co6ts against such Appeallants for their vexation and delay, and to leavy the same by distresse and sale of his, her or their Goods rendering the overplus if any be. Provided alwayes That such Appeales bee fully finished and determined within the space of six moneths next following after the delivering in of such Exceptions as aforesaid.

VIII. Judgments and Decrees good both in Law and Equity.

No Writ of Error or Certiorari.

A Register Book for the Judgments to be kept by the Mayor and Aldermen.

And for the better satisfaction of Builders Purchasers and other concerned It is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Judgement Order and Decree soe made as aforesaid shall be good, valid and effectuall both in Law and Equity to all intents and purposes and shall be obeyed by all persons concerned therein, and shall binde and conclude Infants, Feme coverts, Ideots, persons of non sane memory or beyond the Sea, Tennants inTaile, Bishops Deanes and [Chapters and1] all other Ecclesiasdcall Persons and Corporations and their Successors and all other persons Bodyes Naturall and Pollitique whatsoever and that noe Writt of Error or Certiorari shall be for the removeall or reversall of the same. And for the perpetuating the same to all Posterity that the said Judgements Orders and Decrees shall be faireiy entred into one or more [Booke or *] Bookes and be subscribed with the [Names3] of the persons that made the same and that the said Bookes be delivered in unto the Maior and Aldermen of the said Towne of Northampton for the time being, to the end the same may be safely disposed and kept in the Chamber of the said Towne for ever amongst their Records and Evidences and that all persons

A.D. 1675.

27° Car. II.

801

concerned may have free liberty of recourse unto the said Bookes to peruse the same from time to time as occasion shall require. The powers and authorities given and mentioned in this Act to continue for the space of ten yeares and noe longer.

And for the better encouragement of Gentlemen and others to build and reside in the said Towne Bee it enacted by (*) authority aforesaid That the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northampton from time to time being who shall be Inhabitants within the said Towne may for ever hereafter use and exercise their said Office to all intents and purposes within the said Towne and Liberties thereof, and in the Sessions of the said Towne to be held as they may or can doe in the said County at large, or in the publique Sessions thereof. And

that all other persons who from time to time shall be Justices of the Peace for the said County shall for ever

hereafter use and exercise the said Office within the said Towne and Liberties thereof dureing the time in which the Assizes and publique Sessions of the Peace for the said County shall be there kept, And that all and every such persons as are not Free of the said Towne and shall build any House or Houses in the said Towne to the value of Three hundred pounds or upwards (within seaven yeares) from the twentyeth day of September last past by and according to the Order of the said Court, such persons shall have liberty to exercise any Trade within the said Towne as any Freeman of the said Towne may doe.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enacted That all and every person and persons before they execute any of the powers or authorities in the said Act mentioned shall take this Oath following before any two Justices of Peace of the said County of Northampton for the time being which they are hereby impowered to administer That is to say

J Doe hereby sweare That I will justly and truely execute the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained

according to the best of my knowledge without favour or affection to any of the Partyes concerned

Soe helpe me God.

And lastly it is enacted That if any person or persons shall be sued or impleaded for any matter or thing

done in the execution of this Act or in pursuance thereof he or they may pleade the Generali Issue and give

the speciall matter in Evidence, and if the Plaindffe shall be Nonsuite, or a Verdict doe passe against him, such Defendant shall have and recover his double Cost.

IX.

All Justices of the County that inhabit in the Town, shall be Justices in the Town.

Any Person, not free, building a House within Seven Years worth j£too to have his Freedom.

X.

Persons executing Ad, to take an Oath.

The Oath.

XI.

In Actions for executing Ad* General Issue. Double Costs,

ITEM due Peddones privatas personas concernentes (in se formam Actus condnentes) exhibite fuerunt fPdifto Domino

Regi in Parliament p>disto quarum Tituli subscribuntur, videlicet.

An Act for the better enabling of Mary Countesse Dowager of Warwicke to perforate the last Will and Testament of he* deceased [Husband*] Charles late Earle of Warwicke.

An Act for vesting Lands of Alexander Davies Gendeman deceased in Trustees for payment of his Debts.

1 the 0,

interlined on the Roll.

9 S

Anno 29° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1677.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Broun to be holden at Westminster the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second,

And by several Prorogations Continued until the Fifteenth Day of February,

In the TWENTY-NINTH Year of the same King,

In the Fifteenth Session of the same Parliament.

<&X i&otulo i&arltamentt He anno ftegnl i&egto Carol* decuntt ffltcemmo nono.

In PARLLAMENTO inchoat et ten! apud Westmonasteriu Odavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenissimi Dfiii nfi Caroli S£fdi Dei Gra Anglie Scotie Francie et Hibemie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Decimo tertio et per seperales Prorogadones usq> ad et in Decimu quintu Die Februarij Anno dicti Dnii Regis Vicesimo-nono continual videft in Decima-quinta ejusde Parliamenti Sessione Comuni omnium Dominoru tarn Spiritualiu qua Temporaliu et Comunitatis Consensu et Regie Majestads Assensu sancita ina&itata et stabilita fuerunt hec sequenda Statuta vidett.

CHAPTER I.

Rot. Parl. 29 C. II.

p.u

An Act for raising the Summe of Five hundred eighty foure thousand nine hundred seaventy eight pounds two shillings and two pence halfe-penny for the speedy building Thirty Shipps of Warn

Reasons for passing this Act.

Grant of a Land Tax.

j&c 84*978. as. 2 jd. to be raised within Seventeen Months, on the several Counties, &c. and in the Proportions herein mentioned.

Most Gradous Soveraigne

WEE Your Majesties most loyall and duty full Subjects the Commons of England assembled in Parliament being highly sensible how necessary the Increase of Your Majesties Navall Force is at this time for the Defence of this Your Realme and for the Preservation of Your Majesties auntient and undoubted Right unto and Dominion over the Narrow Seas. For the doeing of wffich wee have therefore now granted a Taxe and Charge upon our Lands for the speedy building and furnishing Thirty Shipps of Warr, And wee doe humbly present Your most Gracious Majestie with the Rates and Assesments herein after mentioned, which wee doe beseech Your Majestie to accept as a testimony of our great Care for the Defence and Honour of Your Majestie and of Your Kingdomc, And wee doe humbly beseech your Majestie That it may be enacted and bee it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal! and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the Summe of Five hundred eighty sower thousand nine hundred seaventy eight pounds two shillings and two pence halfe peby shall be raised leavyed and paid unto your Majestie within the space of Seaventeene Moneths in manner following, that is to say The summe of Thirty sower thousand sower hundred and ten pounds nine shillings and six pence halfe peny by the moneth for Seaventeene Moneths begining from the Five and twentyeth day of March One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven shall be assessed, taxed, coileSed, levyed and paid by Five Quarterly and Two Moneths Payments in the severall Countyes Cittyes Burrough Townes and Places within England vand Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the severall Rates and Proportions and in such manner as is hereafter expressed That is to say For every Moneth of the said Seaventeene Moneths.

For the County of Bedford the summe of Foure hundred forty eight pounds eight shillings ten pence halfe-penny.

For the County of Berks the summe of Five hundred sixty six pounds three shillings three pence halfe penny. The County of Bucks the summe of Six hundred fifty seaven pounds thirteene shillings two pence halfe penny. The County of Cambridge the summe of Five hundred and ten pounds.

A.j>.i6n.

29° Car. II. c. 1

803

The Isle of Ely the summe of One hundred seaventy foure pounds eighteene shillings and eleaven pence halfe penny.

The County of Chester the summe of Three hundred seaventy three pounds eighteene shillings and seaven pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Chester the summe of Twenty six pounds fbwerteene shillings and two pence.

The County of Cornwall the summe of Seaven hundred and seaventy pounds nine shillings one penny halfe penny.

The County of Cumberland the summe of Eighty fowec pounds three shillings one halfe penny.

The County of Derby the summe of Fower hundred thirty one pounds fewer shillings and two pence.

The County of Devon the summe of One thousand six hundred and fowerteene pounds nineteene shillings and seaven pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Exon the summe of Fifty eight pounds three shillings and right pence.

The County of Dorset the summe of Six hundred seaventy two pounds five shillings two pence halfe penny.

The Towne and County of Pool the summe of Five pounds Nine shillings (*) ten pence.

The County of Durham the summe of One hundred sixty one pounds eighteene (*) ngs sower pence

halfe penny.

The County of Yorke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke and Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull the summe of One .thousand seaven hundred thirty sower pounds twelve shillings and seaven pence.

The County of Essex the summe of One thousand five hundred forty nine pounds sower shillings and five pence.

The County of Gloucester the summe of Nine hundred and sower pounds five shillings one penny halfe penny.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester the summe of Nineteene pounds fowerteene shillings.

The County of Hereford the summe of Five hundred sixty five pounds sixteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Hertford the summe of Six hundred seaventy two pounds eighteene shillings one penny halfe penny.

The County of Huntingdon the summe of Three hundred and sixteene pounds seaventeene shillings one penny.

The County of Kent with the Citty and County of the Citty of Canterbury the summe of One thousand six hundred sixty three pounds nine shillings and sower pence.

The County of Lancaster the summe of Five hundred and three pounds six shillings and nine pence.

The County of Leicester the summe of Five hundred forty two pounds seaven shillings one penny halfe penny.

The County of Lincolne with the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne One thousand two hundred eighty seaven pounds eleaven shillings.

The Citty of London with Liberty of Saint Martins Le Grand the summe of Two thousand one hundred forty five pounds fifteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Midlesex with the Citty and Liberty of Westminster the summe of One thousand five hundred and twenty pounds and five shillings.

The County of Monmouth the summe of One hundred ninety five pounds.

The County of Northampton the summe of Seaven hundred and six pounds nineteene shillings one penny.

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the summe of Fower hundred thirty six pounds fowerteene shillings.

The County of Norffolke the summe of One thousand six hundred eighty five pounds six shillings.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Norwich the summe of Ninety pounds.

The County of Northumberland with the Townes of Newcastle and Berwicke upon Tweede the summe of One hundred eighty six pounds seaven shillings and ten pence.

The County of Oxon the summe of Five hundred sixty seaven pounds fifteene shillings sower pence.

The County of Rutland the summe of One hundred and twenty pounds sower shillings five pence halfe penny.

The County of Salop the summe of Six hundred and one pound seaventeene shillings one penny.

The County of Stafford the summe of Foure hundred twenty six pounds five shillings and ten pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Litchfield the summe of Six pounds ten shillings.

The County of Somerset the summe of One thousand three hundred eighty five pounds fifteene shillings and foure pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll the summe of Ninety nine pounds fowerteene shillings and two pence.

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and the Isle of Wight the summe of One thousand ninety sower pounds fowerteene shillings and sower pence.

The County of Suffolke the summe of One thousand six hundred forty nine pounds five shillings and fewer pence.

The County of Surrey with the Burrough of Southwarke the summe of Seaven hundred ninety eight pounds ten shillings and one penny.

[The County of Sussex the sume of Nine hundred and ten pounds thirteen shillings and tenn pence halfe penny.s]

The County of Warwicke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry the summe of Five hundred ninety six pounds sower shillings sower pence halfe peny.

1 The Record tom, " and " in Original. * 'she Record tom, " Shilling#" in Original.

* interlined on the Roll.

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D.\6Tl.

n.

Commisdonert

named.

The County of Worcester the summe of Five hundred twenty six pounds nineteene shillings six pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester the summe of Twenty seaven pounds fowerteene shillings and nine pence.

The County of Wilts the summe of Nine hundred eighty three pounds eight shillings nine pence halfe peny.

The County of Westmorland the summe of Fifty eight pounds.

The County of Anglesey the summe of sixty two pounds sixteene shillings and ten pence.

The County of Brecknocke the summe of One hundred forty one pounds five shillings two pence three

farthings.

The County of Cardigan the summe of Fifty two pounds seaventeene shillings ten pence three farthings.

The County of Carmarthen the summe of One hundred thirty six pounds three shillings and fbwer pence.

The County of Camarvan the summe of Seaventy three pounds six shillings one penny.

The County of Denbigh the summe of One hundred eleaven pounds fifteene shillings three pence halfe peny. The County of Flint the summe of Fifty nine pounds eight shillings eight pence.

The County of Glamorgan the summe of One hundred eighty nine pounds eight shillings and eleaven pence. The County of Merioneth the summe of fifty pounds eight shillings and one halfe peny.

The County of Montgomery the summe of One hundred thirty eight pounds six shillings and one peny.

The County of Pembroke the summe of One hundred sixty three pounds five shillings.

The County of Radnor the summe of Eighty seaven pounds three shillings and sower pence.

The Towne and County of Haverford West the summe of Seaven pounds eleaven shillings eight pence halfe peny.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all and every the persons hereafter named shall be Comissioners of and for the several! and respective County es, Citty es, Burroughs, Townes and Places hereafter named That is to say

For the County of Bedford.

William Russell Sir George Carteret Sir John Duncombe Charles Leigh Sir John Napier Sir John Cotten Sir Roger Burgoine Sir Thomas Alston Sir Anthony Chester Sir Humphry Winch Sir Humphry Monox Sir St John Chamock Sir Stephen Anderson Sir William Gostwick Sir John Osbourne Baronets Sir William Palmer Sir William Beecher Sir George Blundell Sir Francis Wingale Sir William Francklin Knights Paulet St John Thomas Hillersdon Oliver Luke Francis Crawley William Duncombe William Palmer Thomas Browne William Dyer Thomas Palmer Villers Chemocke Richard Stone Sir John Thompson senior William Boteler John Keeling John Vaux William Spencer John Coppin William Gery Walter Cary George Wyan Gaius Squire Robert Montague Humphry Fish John Neale John Cockaine John Ventris Robert Crompton Robert Audley Samuell Bedford Mathew Denton Mathew Dennis Richard Orlibeare Jasper Edwards Richard Edwards William Foster William Daniell John Smith St John Thompson junior Rowland Alston Henry Mountague John Harvie Esquires Thomas Halfpeny senior GenL

For the Towne of Bedford.

The Maior of Bedford for the time being William Russell Sir John Napier Sir Humphry Winch Sir William Beecher Paulet St John Edmund Gardiner William Foster Thomas Crisde William Beckett John Beamont William Scott Alderman Crawley Paul Cobb John Spencer Robert Audley Simon Becket.

For the County of Berks.

Henry Earle of Sterling of the Kingdome of Scotland Charles Earle of Ancram of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir George Carteret Vice Chamberlaine to His Majestie, Thomas Howard Esq^ Sir Humphry Forrester Sir John Stonehouse Sir Henry Henn Sir Thomas Draper Sir William Rich Sir Thomas Clergis Sir Edmund Fetdplace Baronets Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Powle Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Pye Sir William Craven Sir William Jones His Majestyes Attoumey Generali Sir Thomas Dolman Sir John Elwes Sir Richard Harrison Sir Algemoon May Sir Giles Hungerford Sir William Armorer Sir Edward Norris Sir William Paule Knights Robert Packer Edward Mansfield John Nevile George Porter Peregrine Hobby William Chiffinch Richard Aldworth Edmond Fetdplace Thomas Vachell Francis Pygott Robert Sawyer John Kingsmill Edward Keat Charles Gerard William Trumball William Nelson Hungerford Dunch John Blagrave Thomas Fettiplace Samuell Brightwell William Wilmet Humphry Hyde John Finch Paul Colton William Barker of Hurst Henry Proctor Edmond Wiseman William Ball Roger Draper John Breedon John Pouny senior William Kendrick John Hippesley William Ruddier Thomas Medlicote Richard Southby John Southby junior Richard Hyde of Blagrave Phillip Jemmet Thomas Holt Richard May Thomas Staples Esquires Thomas Stamp Thomas Seymour Richard Brotherwick William Angell John Collins Henry Due Richard Fincher William Hammerley Philip Weston Gentlemen Richard Lightfoot Gent William Oftley Doctor at Law Charles Perret Doctor at Law John Whitwick Henry Barker Hugh Barker Doctor of Phisick Robert Leigh Richard Aldworth John Howse John Hersey William Smith James Smith Symon Smith Charles Whitacre William Cherry Richard Brickenden George Blagrave John Peacock Nicholas Hyde Thomas Southby John Due Bolton James John Biggs John Whitfield James Heron Captaine Henry Barker John Pouny junior Richard Lovelace Roger Knight John Topham of Windsor Charles Pierce Richard Pierce William Bowles Bartholimew Yate Nathaniell Knight Valentine Crome George Bishop of Bruy Gentlemen The Maior of Reading The Maior of Abingdon The Maior of Windsor The Maior of Wallingford, The Maior of Newberry for the time being.

A.D. 1677.

29° Car. II. c. I.

805

ijf.i aagsaaasaaaaaB

For the County of Bucks.

Charles Earle of Ancram of the Kingdome of Scotland Phillip Lord Waynman Viscount Tuem in the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir Thomas Tyrrell Sir John Burlace Sir Anthony Chester Sir Thomas Proby Sir William Bowyer Sir William Smith Sir Ralph Vemey Sir William Drake Sir Henry Andrews Sir John Crooke Sir Humphry Winch Sir Thomas Lee Sir Dennis Hampson Baronets Sir William Terringham Sir Richard Ingoldesby Sir Robert Gayer Knights of the Bath Sir Francis Wainman Sir Richard Piggot Sir Robert Cleyton Sir Robert Crooke Sir Thomas Clergis Sir Peter Terrell Sir Roger Hill Sir John Trevor Sir John Tompson Sir John Seymore Knights Daniell Finch Charles Cheyney Thomas Waller Edmond Waller senior Edmond Waller junior William Penn Robert Sawyer Edmond West George Jeffreys Brett Norton Thomas Hacket John Duncombe of Great Brickhill Robert Lovet Thomas Barrenger Edward Lee Edward Backwell Thomas Butler William Serjeant junior Edward Nicholas of Hitcham Thomas Farrer senior Thomas Farrer junior Cesar Cranmer John Risley Knightley Purefoy Roger Price Thomas Nappier Richard Hampden John Witherangle Thomas Sanders of Haddenham George Russell William Jepson Richard Winwood Richard Greenvill Bud Wayes Bazill Brent William Hill John Hamden Thomas Stafford Bernard Turney Christopher Eggleton Francis Terringham Robert Dormer John Loggins Joseph Alston Henry Bartue Thomas Doyly John Hobart George Wyan William Clever William Abraham Nicholas Salter junior Henry Seymour Robert Stiles John Grubb John Greene Henry Alnutt Joseph Mainard William Bowyer Thomas Owen Andrew Duffield Edmond Mellicot Marmaduke Darrell Edmund Vemey Edmund Dorrell William Coleing John Dormer John Borlace William Farrer junior Francis Knowles Symon Mayne William Fleetwood Thomas Eccleson William Hill senior Henry Herbert George Evelin Esqre.

For the Towne of Buckingham

The Bayliffe for the time being Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir William Smith Baronet John Risley Edmund Vemey Edmund Andrews Edmund Dorrell junior Esquires Hugh Ethersey George Danser John Rogers Pelham Sandwell Walter Alnutt John Grove William Robinson William Hartley.

For the Towne of Wickham

The Maior for time being Charles Elliot Edward Bedder Henry Bigg Samuell Wells Alexander Parmum Jonathan Randall John Wheeler Thomas Wells Robert Fayer.

For the County of Cambridge

Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland William Lord Alington of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Thomas Chichley Sir Thomas Hatton Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Willis Sir Henry Pickering Sir Thomas Slater Sir Levinus Bennet Sir George Downing Sir Robert Cotton Knights Francis Buller Thomas Steward Phillip Cotton John Millicent Gerrard Russell Jeffery Nightingale Humphry Gardner William Layer Thomas Duckett Roger Pepys Mild may Dowman Tyrrell Dalton William Ayloffe Thomas Buck senior Devereux Martyn Edward Pickering Henry Slingsby Humphry Weld Doctor John Pepys Christopher Hatton Ralph Pemberton Samuell Bedford Samuell Fortrey junior Samuell Pepys John Holdman Esquires.

For the Isle of Ely.

William Mountague Lord Cheife Baron of the Exchequer Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland William Russell Esqs Sir Thomas Chichley Sir John Norton Sir Lyonell Walden Lawrence Hewer Oxborough Charles Wren William Wren Edward Partrich William Col vile Thomas Steward Anthony Fisher Robert Hampson Esquires Henry Brunsell Henry Hitch Doctors of Law William Balam Thomas Edwards Hugh Underwood Peter Diamond George Farewell Roger Jennings John Childe Richard Marriott John Fincham Richard Reade William March Henry Goodrick Thomas Towers Ralph Pemberton Robert Swaine George Dymond Thomas Docwre Sigismond Williamson Maximilian Waltham John Bridgeman senior Edmund Williamson Samuell Fortrey junior George Farewell junior.

For the University and Towne of Cambridge.

The Vice Chauncelloi of the University for the time being, The Maior of the Towne for the time being William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Thomas Chichley Sir Thomas Page Sir Charles Wheeler Baronet James Duport Theophilus Dillingham Isaac Barrow Robert Maplet[h‘]oft Joseph Beaumont Doctors in Divinity Thomas Crouch Clement Nevile Esquires Roger Pepys Esqs Nathaniell Crabb Robert Mircell Samuell Newton Owen Mayfield Edward Miller Andrew Han Francis Jermin Aldermen of the Towne Sir Thomas Slater Thomas Stevens DoSor of Divinity Samuell Moody Edward Stoyt DoSor in Phisick, Nicholas Jacob Esqs Edward Story.

For the County of Chester.

Robert Lord Cholmondeley of the Kingdome of Ireland, William Lord Brereton of the Kingdome of Ireland Charles Gerard Henry Booth Thomas Needham Esquires Sir Thomas Grosvenour Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Thomas Delves Sir Willoughby Aston Sir Thomas Powell Sir Peter Warburton Sir Peter Leicester Sir Thomas Mainwaring Sir Richard Brookes Sir Thomas Bellott Sir Peter Pinder Sir Peter Standley Baronets Sir Robert Cotton

9T

806

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1677.

Sir Jeffery Shakerley Sir Peter Brookes Sir John Booth Sir Foulke Lucy Sir John Arderne Sir Phillip Egerton Sir John Trevor Sir John Crew Knights Peter Venables Baron of Kinderton John Crew Collonell Thomas Legh senior Collonell Thomas Legh junior Henry Legh Richard Legh Thomas Cholmondeley William Venables Nathaniell Booth Edward Legh Randall Dodd Peter Wilbraham William Marbury Edward Warren John Leach John Manwairing of Perver Edward Glegg Roger Wilbraham Edward Minshall Edward Jodrell Charles Brereton William Lawton Thomas Delves John Daniell John Manwaring Roger Whitley DoSor Peter Gerrard Thomas Legh of Lyme Edward Lutchwich Esquires John Warren William Davenport Thomas Whitley Robert Pickering Robert Cholmondeley of Holford Thomas Daniell Peter Legh of Booths Henry Mainwaring Roger Mainwaring Thomas Minshall Ralph Wilbraham Richard Walthall Anthony Eyre Collonell Werden William Cotton Henry Davis John Davis John Hurlston Thomas Dutton Thomas Bunbury Edward Downes John Ward John Davenport of Widford Leftwick Oldfield William Stopford Hugh Grotvenour Edward Wright John Starkey Thomas Hollingshed Esquires Phillip Ward Thomas Swetenham of Haveley Christopher Berron of Cloud Gentlemen Doctor Wainright Mr Greenhaugh Mr Bispham Lord Colchester.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester.

The Maior for the time being William Williams Esq Recorder Robert Werden Esqs William Ince Richard Bird John Poole Randall Oulton William Streete Robert Murry William Wilson Gawen Hudson Thomas Simpson Richard Wright Henry Lloyd John Maddox Robert Caddick William Harvey William Ince junior William Wilme George Manwairing Peter Edwards Aldermen Sir Thomas Gravener Sir Robert Williams Sir Peter Pindar Baronets Sir John Booth [Ralph Whitley Kenricke Eyton Sir Phillip Egerton Sir James Bradshaw Knights1] Edward Lutwich John Brerewood George Booth Thomas Swinton Esquires Giles Vanburgh Merchant William Wright The Sheriffes for the time being Peter Gerrard Mr Anderson Captaine Thomas Baker.

For the County of Cornwall.

Francis Trefusis Esq Viceconi Robert Roberts Esq John Arundell Esq* Hender Roberts Esq* Francis Roberts Esq* Barnard Greenville Esq* Sir Bowcer Wray Sir Jonathan Trelawny Sir John Carew Sir John Coriton Sir Violl Vivion Sir William Godolphin Sir Peter Killigrew Sir John Sintaubin Sir William Morris Baronets Sir Nicholas Slaning Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Edgecombe Knight of the Bath Sir John Arundell Sir Joseph Tredenham Sir James Smith Sir John Godolphin Knight Sir Walter Moyle Knight Sir John Malsworth Collonell Trevanion John Trelawney junior John Trelawney senior Francis Buller senior Francis Buller junior JohnSpeccot John Tanner Chamond Roscarrock Jonathan Rashleigh John Elliot John Buller John Harris John Corriton William Scawen Edmond Prideaux Walter Kendall Walter Langdon William Bond Joseph Sawle Thomas Dorrell Nicholas Glyn Edward Boscowen Thomas Herle John Vivian Thomas Vivian Edward Herle John Conocke John Sintaubin Humphrey Nicholls of Penvos William Courtney Arthur Fortescue Nicholas Courtney Edward Elliott Nathaniell Mohune William Mohune Edward Nosworthy Edmond Prideaux John Prideaux John Rashleigh Richard Trevanion of Verone Richard Scoble of Sl Austell John Kendall Charles Trevanion of Gerrancce Richard Moyle John Treffry Robert Rashleigh Francis Calmady Richard Ereley Charles Kendall Gent Ambrose Manaton Esq* Nicholas Herle Esq* Arthur Sprye Esq* James Praied senior and James Praied junior Esq* William Painter Gens Humphry Courtney Gens John Blyth Gens Charles Grills Esq* Francis Grills Gens Robert Hoblin Richard Hoblin George Robinson William Keigwin Arthur Painter John Polwheele John Penrose Esq* Collonell Godolphin Esq* Sidney Godolphin Esq* Thomas Piper Gens John Kelliowe Esq* John Pendarvis Esq* Richard Pendarvis Christopher Harris Charles Boscowen Thomas Wadden Esq Humphry Noy Esq Ezekiell Arundell Charles Smith Esq Edward Harris 'Esq Thomas Aychim Esq William Arscott Esq Lewis Tremaine John Nichols of Litlewood Humphry Hill of Guendron John Fowell Samuell Ennis Henry Erisey Esq Anthony Chenowith William Silly Humphry Burlace Esq Christopher Billet Esq Thomas Carew Esq Samuell Langsford John Verman Humphry Lower John Arundell Samuell Rouls John Arundell junior John Barret of Killegreene Thomas Penhallow Richard Williams John Williams Stephen Robins of (*) WinowHugh Tompkin of Trevownance John Murths senior John Murths junior Esquires Humphry Langsford Gens James Bond of Aerth Esq Nicholas Wills Samuell Cabell Esq Mr Handcock of Hendra Roger Porter Jonathan Trelawney of Coldrunck Esq George Spry of Brisland Nicholas Kempt Christopher Porter Francis Penrose William Jolly of Pencost Emanuell Piper Phillip Piper William Martin senior and William Martin junior William Bond of Holliwood Abell French John Cotton of Boscastle Esq John Pierce of Deustow Hugh Jones Edward Kneebone senior Edward Kneebone junior John Lampen Reinold Hawkey John Hawkey The Maiors for Truro Bod win Lanceston and Liscard for the time being Hugh Tonkin of Trevownance Thomas Kelly Edward Nosworthy junior Esq Thomas Hicks of Kerryes John Courtney Hugh Trevanion Thomas Cossens Robert Pearse Nichblas Archer Mr Martin of S1 Guinea Edward Hoblin John Waddon Walter Norris.

For the County of Cumberland

Edward Lord Morpeth sonne and heire to Charles Earle of Carlisle Sir Joseph Williamson Principal! Secretary of State Sir Phillip Musgrave Sir Richard Graham Sir William Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther senior Sir John Lowther junior Sir William PSnington Sir Richard Musgrave Baronets Sir Wilfrid Lawson Sir Phillip Howard Sir George Dalston Sir John Dalston Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Ballendne Knights Richard Musgrave Fardinando Hudleston John Lamplugh Daniell Fleming Robert Carleton Christopher Blinkow John

1 Sr Phillip Egerton Sr James Bradshaw* Knights Ralph Whitley Kenrick Eyton 0.

•S' O.

29° Car. II. c. 1

807

Aglionby William Musgrave Thomas Denton Richard Tolson Andrew Hudleston Richard Patrickson Thomas Dalston Thomas Warwick Henry Dacres Richard Lamplugh Anthony Hutton William Blenerhasset Christopher Richmond Miles Pennington Bernard Kirkbride [Wilfrid *]. Lawson Darcey Curwen Edward Stanley Henry Foster Leonard Dykes Henry Brougham William Orpheur William Feilding Henry Fletcher The Maior of Carlisle for the time being.

For the County of Derby.

William Lord Cavendish sonne and heire apparent to William Earle of Devonshire Sir Thomas Greisley Sir John Curson Sir John Gell Sir Francis Burdet Sir Robert Shirley Sir John Harpur Sir Robert Coke Sir Henry Every Sir William Boothby Baronets Sir Francis Leeke Knight and Baronet Sir Samuell Sleigh Sir John Harpur Sir Gilbert Clarke Sir Edward Abney Knights Sir Nicholas Wilmott Knight Sergeant at Law Sir Simon Degg Sir John Shore Knights Anchitell Grey John Ferrers German Pole John Coke Henry Gilbert Henry Cavendish George Vernon Robert Burdett Willoughby Gray William Fitzherbert Charles Agard Charles Cotton John Stanton Henry Milward John Mundey Robert Eyre John Low Gilbert Thacker Adrian Mundey Phillip Gell George Pole Robert Cooke William Eyre Francis Revell Robert Wilmott Cornelius Clarke Thomas Milward Francis Leeke John Curson Francis Burton of Drunfield Walter Horton Francis Parker Edward Pegg Samuell Saunders junior John Moorewood John Spademan junior John Every William Allestrey Henry Meller Nicholas Wilmott Thomas Gladwin Samuell Holden Samuell Hallowes Anthony Fitzherbert John Low of Denbeigh Henry Keyes Robert Ashton James Abney William Bage Walter Woolsley Henry Kendall John Smithson William Hopkinson Thomas Eyre Esquires Adam Eyre Henry Polgey Robert Wandall Andrew Cleyton Robert Haywood Hugh Bateman Edward Osborne Maior oi Derby for the time being Humphry Yates Policarpus Dakin James Ward John Dalton John Brookehouse Edward Walker George Blackwell Samuell Goodwin Joseph Parker Genl The Maior of Chesterfield for the time being Richard Clarke Peter Dowker Thomas Britland.

For the County of Devon;

The Right Honourable Edward Seymour Esqs Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons Sir George Carteret Vice Chamberlaine of his Majestyes Household Sir Edward Seamour Sir Peter Prideaux Sir Henry Hele Sir George Chudleigh Sir Amos Pollard Sir Francis Drake Sir Courtney Poole Sir Copleston Bar'.field Sir Arthur Northcote Sir John Davey Sir William Courtney Sir Hugh Ackland Sir Nicholas Slaning Sir Henry Ford Sir John Drake Sir William Morrice Sir Walter Young Sir Henry Carew Sir Peter Lear Sir Arthur Harris Sir Peter Fortescue Sir Thomas Putt Baronets Sir John Rolle Sir Richard Edgecombe Sir Symon Leach Sir Henry Vane Knights of the Bath Sir Henry Carew Sir John Mainard Sir Peter Ball Sir James Smith Sir Thomas Carew Sir John Mallet Sir William Waldron Sir Thomas Bury Knights Robert Lord Londonderry of the Kingdome of Ireland Arthur Earle of Dunegall of the Kingdome of Ireland Peter Prideaux George Chudleigh Francis Courtney John Pole John Rolle John Northcote of Uton Samuell Roll John Basset Richard Strode Edmond Parker John Courtney Mathew Hele Nicholas Morris Richard Coffin John Harris Richard Duke William Bragg Josias Calnjady Nicholas Denys Edmond Waldron John Tanner Henry Norsey Arthur Harris Thomas Walker John Specot Hugh Piper William Drake Joseph Drake William Bruton Arthur Berry William Eveley John Harris of Wortham Bamfield Roed Phillip Harris of Tarrington Hugh Vaughan Ambrose Mannington James Calwodleigh Henry Carew Thomas Shapcott John Worth William Cockaine Martin Rider Arthur Pine Simon Hele Michaell Brighouse Phillip Harris of Haine Warrick Pollexfen Robert Pollexfen Jonathan Rashley Gilbert Yard of Bradleigh John Chichester of Hall John Fry of Yarty Gideon Haydon John Crocker William Savery John Gifford of Brightley George Carew John Kelland Samuell Sainthill Richard Hillardson Samuell Tanner Thomas Weare Richard Lee John Chichester of Widworthy John Ashford John Blewet John Raymond Elias Bartlet senior Leonard Yeo John Drake of Ivy-Bridge William Drake Thomas Drew Edmond Prideaux of Ford Jonathan Prideaux Henry Stevens James Clifford John Beare of Bearescoombe John Upton Roger Pomery John Halle Roger Woollacoombe Sebastian Isaac James Huish Edward Yard Edward Lovett Lewes [Inchden*] Bartholimew Gidley James Clifford Aaran Baker John Hore James Rodd John Vaughan William Boggan Thomas Reynell Henry Fry John Arscott Arthur Tremaine Henry Walter William Kelly Phillip Champemoone Shilston Calmady Thomas Pine Jonathan Sparke William Jennings John Sparke William Fortescue Phillip Shapcott Anthony Salter John Willoughby John Davey of Carrow Ten John Davey of Ruxford Rawlin Mallock William Stowell Henry Worth Thomas Beare of Huntsen Samuell Foote John Quash George Southcote of Dulces Phillip Harris of Great Torrington Gilbert Burrington John Quick junior Elias Crunes John Elford James Fortescue William Trevill William Bastard George Treby Christopher Globery Hugh Stofford Esquires The High Sheriffe for the time being The Maiors of Plymouth Barnstable Tomes Tiverton Torrington and Dartmouth for the time being.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Exon

.The Right Honourable Edward Seymour Esqv Speaker of the honourable House of Commons The Maior for the time being Sir James Smith Knight Sir Thomas Carew Knight Sir John Mallet Knight Henry Gaudy Nicholas Isaack Thomas Walker George Tuthill William Sanford Isaac Maudy Christopher Brodridge John Parr Aldermen The Sheriffe for the time being The Reciever for the time being Captaine Glyde Mr John Collins Mr Andrew Quash Mr Henry Smith Mr Thomas Bale John Bidgood Doctor of Phisicke Edmond Davies Doctor of Phisicke Edward Masters Doctor of Lawes Major James Walker.

• Wilford 0.

• Incledon 0.

808

29° Car. II. c. 1

A.D. 1677.

For the Towne of Plymouth

The Maior for the time being Collonell Hugh Piper Robert Pollard Lewis Stewkley Sir Gilbert Talbott Jonathan Sparke Esq^ Mr John Sparke John Martin John Dell Aldermen Mr Isaac Tillard Mr Phillip Andrewes William Jennings William* Cotton.

For the County of Dorset.

Anthony Lord Ashley sonne and heire apparent of Anthony Earle of Shaftesbury Sir Hugh Windham Knight one of the Justices of his Majestyes Court of Common Pleas Sir Francis Holies Sir William Portman Sir John Moorton Sir Nathaniell Naper Baronet Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir John Strode Sir Winston Churchill Sir George Strode Knights Thomas Strangwayes Thomas Freke Humphry Welde Thomas Browne John Tregonwell of Milton John Tregonwell of Anderston Robert Naper George Fulford Edward Miller James Long Wadham Strangwayes Henry Butler William Uvedall William Okenden Robert Coker George Browne Henry Whitacre Mathew Daves George Rives Robert Culliford Robert Seymour Anthony Etterick John Rives James Gould Thomas Chafe Robert Williams William Strode Thomas Earle Thomas Baynard George Savage John Hoskins Michaell Harvey John Hurding Nathaniell Heymore Hugh Hodges William Floyer John Gould Henry Henley Thomas Bennet Robert Browne John [Gallop1 ] Thomas Chafin Henry Constantine George Strangewayes John Still John Lawrence John Ironside William Bowles John Hardy Richard Greene Thomas Turbervill Seymour Bowman John Cradock Joseph Seward John Churchill William Churchill Robert Oxenbridge Francis Mohun George Stile Edward St Low Robert Fry senior Richard Swaine Joseph Hussey Henry Bower Robert Larder George Dabeney William Wake John Craddock Joseph Seward Anthony Floyer junior.

For the Towne and County of Poole.

Anthony Lord Ashley sonne and heire of Anthony Earle of Shaftesbury Sir John Morton Baronet Thomas Strangwayes Anthony Etrick Esquires Mr William Orchard John Carter Nicholas Efford Robert Lewen Moses Durell Henry Jubber Isaac Hart Allen Scutt William Streete Merchants.

For the County Palatine of Durham

Nicholas Conyers Esqs High Sheriffe of the County Sir John Otway Spirituall Chauncellor Sir Christopher Conyers Sir Ralph Cole Sir Thomas Liddell Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir James Clavering Sir James Pennyman Sir Robert Eden Sir William Cheater Sir William Blacket Baronets Sir Francis Anderson Sir George Vane Sir Francis Bowes Sir Robert Shafto Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir Henry Calverley Sir Ralph Carr Sir Marke Milbanke Knights Henry Liddell John Tempest Christopher Vane Daniell Collingwood Esquires Henry Lampton James Darcey John Clavering of White house William Bellasis Ralph Davison Thomas Craddock Francis Bowes Lyonell Vane Collonell Strodder Thomas Lyddell William Blakeston [Baldwin Pitts Dr Lloyd Nath Johnson Isaac Basire Lionel Madison Cuthbert Carr Thoni. Carnaby Thoni. Sanderso Witt Lilburne John Morland John Blakeston*] William Davison John Parkburst Humphrey Wharton William Tempest Nicholas Conyers Richard Neale William Christian Robert Wharton George Morland Christopher Sanderson Miles Stapleton Collonell Foulthorpe John Foulthorpe George Baker Thomas Watson William Ord of Beele John Jefferson Thomas Fetherston Esquires Marmaduke Allanson William Garth of Headlam Cuthbert Sanderson Walter Ethericke Henry Barnes Thomas Wright Thomas Watson of Cockfield Robert Roper Robert Jackson of Stockton James Coke of the same [William Atkinson of the same The Maior of the Citty of Durham for the time being.

For the County of Yorke, The West Rideing of the said County.

Edward Lord Latimer sonne and heire apparent of Thomas Earle of Danby Lord High Treasurer of England George Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Charles Lord Clifford sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Burlington Henry Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Conyers Darcy Esqs Sir Henry Goodrick Sir Thomas Mauleverer Sir John Reresby Sir John Kay Sir Thomas Armitage Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir William Ingleby Sir William Rokeby Sir Godfrey Copley Sir Edmond Jennings Sir Edmund Winne Sir John Jackson Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir George Cooke Sir William Franckland Baronets Sir Thomas Wharton Sir Jervase Cutler Sir John Hewley Sir John Dawney Sir William Lowther Sir Mathew Wentworth Sir William Wentworth Sir Christopher Clapham Sir Henry Tomson Sir George Dalston Sir Ralph Knight Sir Thomas Yarborough Sir William Rookeby Knights Thomas Fairefax Phillip Wharton John Ramsden Richard Hutton Walter Hawkesworth Welbury Norton William Palmes John Vavasour Francis Nevill William Home Walter Calverley Henry Eyre Doctor in Phisicke John Savill John Wentworth Bradward Tindall Francis Folyombe Thomas Vincent Willoughby Robeby Major Francis Reresby William Lowther James Stockdale Christopher Tancred John Bilby Richard Washington William Hamond John Boynton Thomas Yarbrough Walter Lister [Arthur Ingram Henry StapletonJ] William Stockdale William Drake Inglebert Leeds Thomas Fairefax of Menston Cuthbert Wade Richard Weston John Stanhope George Stanhope William Ellis Charles Osborne Tobias Jennings John Adams John Goodricke Roger Portington John Clarke John Garland William Dawson Francis White John Lister George Thornhill John Adams of Rockliffe Thomas Habor Jonathan Jenings junior Ralph Lowther Miles Staveley Richard Beaumont of Whitley-hall Esqs Thomas Fawks, Henry Hich Jonathan Jenings senior William Roundale Henry Edrttonds Thomas Gill Thomas Parker John

29°Car. II. c. 1.

809

Mattrum Thomas Dodson John Hatfield William Johnson Thomas Lister of Maingham Lyonell Copeley William Farrer Esq* Henry Marsden William Beckwith William Drake Henry Slingsby John Batty Robert Walter Thomas Jackson George Fothergill Thomas Craven Christopher Driffield Thomas Dawney Charles Richards George Rayson Richard Aldbrough Esquires Cuthbert Chambers The Maior of Rippon Captaine John Atkinson The Maior of Doncaster Richard Atkinson The Maior of Pontefract William Laughton The Maior of Leeds for the time being John Loughton Anthony Fletcher Lawrence Wharton Charles Rickard Henry Cooke.

For the North Rideing in the said County of Yorke*

Edward Lord Morpeth sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Carlisle Conyers Darcy Marmaduke Darcy Sir Christopher Wivell Sir Hugh Cholmley Sir Metcalfe Robinson Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Henry Stapleton Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir David Fowlis Sir William Franckland Sir John Lowther Sir John Napier Sir Roger Langley Sir William Caley Sir George Marwood Sir Richard Graham of Numington Sir Richard Graham of Norton Sir Christopher Wandsford Sir William Chator Sir James Pennyman Sir John Hotham Baronets Sir John Brooke Sir John Hewley Sir Marmaduke Dalton Sir Gervase Elwes Sir Edward Challener Sir John Dawney Sir Phillip Huwood Sir Phillip Muncton Sir John Dalston Sir Henry Thompson Sir Henry Calverley Sir Robert Layton James Darcy Esqs Sir Joseph Craddock Knights Phillip Darcy William Wivell William Levison-Gower Thomas Dodsworth Henry Marwood Thomas Gill William Caley Thomas Laughe John Howe John Beverley John Wilson Roger Beckwith Thomas Rokeby Bryan Layton Roger Talbott John Dodsworth Richard Peares Barrington Bourcher Robert Walters of Cundell Francis Wivill Henry Guy Edward Croft Anthony Franckland Wilbury Norton Thomas Norton Christopher Norton Sergeant Turner Isaac Fairefax Thomas Wakefield William Langley Thomas [ Gowger1 ] George Metcalfe Humphry Wharton Robert Wharton William Asquish George Norton John Gibson Edward Hutchinson William Thompson Reinald Graham Francis Prisfield Charles Tankard Thomas Jackson-Couling William Fielding William-Palmes Christopher Darcy James Heblethwaite William Robinson Edward Trotter Anthony Lowther Hugh Bethell James Morley Timothy Malevorer Thomas Harle Thomas Worsley William Metcalfe Walter Lister John Colston Thomas Waite Henry Crosland Charles Bellasis William Bellarns of Alar John Chapman Roger Lee William Dawson William Trewman John Geldard Thomas Fairfax Phillip Prince Robert Bushell Thomas Lascelles Thomas Dodsworth Thomas Gill Trisham Fish Timothy Ford DoSor Smith of Esby John Knowesley Walter Bethell Christopher Percyhay The Maior of Richmond and The Bayliffe of Scarborough for the time being James Clayton Esq* Thomas Layton Gens John Blackston Gens.

For the East Rideing of the said County of Yorke.

Charles Lord Clifford sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Burlington, Sir John Hotham Sir Francis Boynton Sir Robert Hilliard Sir Watkinson Pailer Thomas Rudston Sir Henry North Sir John Legard Sir Henry S* Quindn Sir Thomas Strickland Baronets Sir Phillip Monckton Sir Thomas Daniell Sir Thomas Remington Sir Hugh Bethell Sir William Cobb Sir Ralph Wharton Sir Henry Thompson Sir Edward Bernard Sir Michaell Wharton Sir Mathew Peirson Sir Jonathan Atkins Knights Michaell Wharton Tobias Jenkins Robert Buck Durand Hotham John Lister Henry Holmes Christopher Hilliard John Vavasour William Osbaldeston William Thompson William Grimston Robert Southaby Richard Robinson Richard Robinson junior Captaine Tomlinson Thomas Crompton Francis Thompson William Gee William Gee junior Richard Legard William Boynton Henry Guy Walter Bethell Robert Constable Richard Thompson Henry Hilliard John Stapilton John Herne Phillip Saltmarsh John Clarke William S* Quin tin James Moiser Thomas Hesketh William Bethell James Heblethwaite Hugh Bethell Marmaduke Constable Richard Remington Mathew Allured Esquires Thomas Allured Thomas Langley William Blunt William Lewins Tobias Hodgson Edward Gray John Belton Ralph Higdon Richard Graham Robert Hollis Ellis Cooper Edward Gray Robert Pricket Timothy Remington The Maior of Beverley and [The*] Maior of Headon for the time being.

For the Citty of Yorke and County of the same.

The Lord Maior The Aldermen, The Sheriffes for the time being Henry Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Metcalfe Robinson Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir Henry Goodricke Sir George Reeves Baronets Sir John Brooke John Turner Sergeant at Law Doctor Watkinson George Pricket Henry Stapleton James Moyser Thomas Hutton John Swaile William Roundale Mr Snasdale Sir Stephen Thompson Knight Thomas Nesbet John Peckett George Ramsdon Andrew Parrott Robert Waller Edward Thompson Lawrence Toyle Gowen Hodgson Charles Hall John Thompson Thomas Langley Thomas Fairfax Phillip Prince Gens.

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull.

The Maior and Aldermen for the time being The Recorder for the time being Anthony Gilby Esq* Andrew Marvell Esq* The Sheriffe for the time being Christopher Hildiard Esq* Robert Hollis Esqs Thomas Thometon Esq* The Wardens of Trinity House for the time being Edmond Pople John Lister John Field Robert Mason William Hayes Gens.

1 Gowyer 0.

• they 0.

9u

810

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1677.

For the County of Essex.

Robert Bertie Banistre Mainard Henry Fanshaw Richard Barret and William Mainard Esquires Sir Haibotle Grimston Master of the Rolls Sir William Scrogs one of the Justices of the Common Fleas Sir John Barrington Knight and Baronet Sir John Cotton Sir John Bendish Sir Henry Appleton. Sir Benjamin Ayliffe Sir Francis Massam Sir William Hicks Sir Andrew Jenour Sir William Wiseman Sir Thomas Nightingall Sir Richard Everard Baranets Sir Capell Luckin Knight and Baronet Sir Martin Lumley Baronet Sir Thomas Abdy Knight and Baronet Sir Francis Lawley Baronet Sir John Abdy Baronet Sir Thomas Litleton Baronet Sir William Wiseman Knight and Baronet Sir Gervas Elwes Sir Benjamine Wright Sir James Rushout Sir Edward Smith Sir Phillip Math ewes Sir Thomas Garret Sir Robert Smith Baronets Sir Francis Leake Knight and Baronet Sir William Adams Baronet Sir Richard Browne Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Rich Baronet Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Sir Henry Clerke Sir Richard Wiseman Sir Anthony Browne Sir Mundeford Brampston Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Richard Everard Sir John Shaw Sir Thomas Fanshaw Sir William Holecroft Sir Gobart Barrington Sir Eliah Harvey Sir Edward Turner Sir Edward Farmer Sir Marke Guyen Sir Thomas Midleton Knights Sir John Peake Knight Sir James Smith Knight Francis Bramston Tristram Conyers Sergeants at Law Samuell Grimston Richard Samms Thomas Meade Robert Cheeke Thomas Cheeke Peter Soame John Wroth Robert Clerke Oliver Raymond Thomas Argoll John Symonds William Glascocke John Fanshaw John Lemott Honeywood Thomas Bowles Aurelius Percie Wiseman William Dawtree William Mainard of Waltamstow John Tyndall Thomas Luther Thomas Turner John Turner Will: Humphreville John Pennington Thomas Roberts William Appleton John Berners Robert Wood Doctor of Lawes Richard Kirby William Cummins Edward Bullocke John Higham Robert Bateman Francis Mildmay Thomas Smith Robert Mildmay senior Robert Mildmay junior Henry Wright Samuell Hare Josiah Childe Alexander Prescot William Pert John Everard Brabason Aylmer Francis Osbiston Thomas Weely William Vernon Henry Glascocke William Palmer Cuthbert Martin [Francis James Roger Bradbury1] Henry Ayloffe Giles Dent Richard Staines William Gore Mundiford Brampston Anthony Godbolt John Eldred junior Anthony Knightbridge Samuell Reynolds George Scott William Nutt John Rotheram John Marshall George Dashwood George Walton James Milbourne William Lingwood Richard Rich Richard Luther William Webb John Cooke of Chishall Robert Sheffield Charles Hancocke Edward Rudge Richard Lightfoot Tho: King Tho: Talcot Tho: Bland George Gent Edward Pascall Robert Cole Francis Leeke William Wade Haynes Barley Esquires Zacariah Gee George James William Herns Jeremiah Lacey Thomas Cullam Henry Southcott Richard Collins Richard Godbolt Charles Wale Richard Hyde Edward Thorowgood John Austin Josuah Gallard Thomas Dawtree Gen! John Greene Gamaliell Capell Samuell Vincent and John Parsons Esquires John Kirke.

For the Burrough of Maulden.

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath High Steward Sir William Wiseman Knight and Baronet Alderman Sir Richard Wiseman Knight Francis Brampston Sergeant at Law Recorder Anthony Brampston Esqv Abell Hawkes Francis Goumey Samuell Pond Robert Jenings William Vernon Aldermen Robert Page Gen!.

For the Burrough of Colchester

The Maior for the time bong Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet Steward Sir John Shaw Knight Samuell Renolds Thomas Talcott John Shaw William Mott Esquires Henry Lambe William Moore Jonathan Merry Ralph Creffield William Flanner George Hammon John Reyner Nathaniell Laurence Aldermen Joseph Thurston Thomas Ruse John Rebow Andrew Fromantell Thomas Greene Samuell Mott and Alexander Hindmers Gentlemen John Viccars Customer John Viccars Surveyour of the Customs Jeremiah Molyne and Samuell Grent Gen! Abraham Heighton Robert Moore.

For the Burrough of Harwich.

The Maior for the time being Sir Capell Luckyn Knight and Baronet Thomas King Esq> Sir Charles Litleton Sir Anthony Deane Knights John Eldred Esqs Recorder Daniell Smith Towne Clerke Captaine Langley and Samuell Newton Gen!

For the County of Gloucester Charles Lord Herbert of Ragland sonne and heire apparent to the Marquesse of Worcester John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Viscount Tracy of the Kingdome of Ireland William Viscount Downes of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath one of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas George Mountague Esqs Sir Charles Berkley Sir Henry Capell Knights of the Bath Sir John Tracy Baronet Sir Bainham Throckmorton Knight and Baronet Sir William Hicks Sir Richard Ashfeild Sir Henry Fredericke Thynne Sir Richard Howe Sir Richard Franklyn Sir William Juxon Sir William Keite Sir John Guise Sir John Newton Sir John Fusse Sir Richard Cox Sir Robert Cann Baronets Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir William Catchmaid Sir Edmond Bray Sir Thomas Stephens Sir Thomas Overbury Sir Gabrieli Lowe Sir Humphrey Hooke Sir Thomas Howe Sir John Pointz Sir Scroope Howe Sir Robert Atkins junior Sir Duncombe Colchester Knights Sir Giles Hungerford Sir Edward Bathurst Sir William Rich Baronets Evan Seyes Sergeant at Law John Grubham Howe Henry Norwood Thomas Thynne Thomas Price Richard How William Cooke Thomas Master Ralph Dutton

1 Roger James Francis Bradbury 0.

A.D. 1677

29° Car. II. c.l.

811

John Winter Thomas Escourt Reginald Bray Giles Fetdplace Robert Codrington William Trye Miles Sandis John Higford John Dennis John Bridgeman John Chamberlaine William Bourchier Thomas Chester Richard Atkins Richard Stephens John Stephens Fleetwood Dormer Robert Pleydell William Leigh William Stratford Thomas Horton George Pitt John Sackvile John Dalabere Thomas Barrow Edward Rich Anthony Sambach Benjamine Barret Thomas Jennings Thomas Veele of Symonds Hall William Strafford William Cope John George William Morgan David Williams Robert Bromage Thomas Marriott William Selwin John Smith Miles Rutter Henry Browne Thomas Rich Andrew Barker James Stephens John Guise of Ablods-Court Robert Loggan Henry Powle John Meredeth Richard Baugh Thomas Smith Phillip Sheppard Richard Norwood Robert Oldsworth William Oldsworth John Robins Edward Smith William Guyse Robert Gonning William Woozley Henry Syms John Dowle Christopher Cole John Holmes Paul Foley James Hawkins William Player Poole Pauncefoot William Wall John Langley Nicholas Veele Paul Castleman Esquires James Thynne Francis Creswick John Seymour Thomas Cutler Thomas Rawlins Joseph Creswick Henry Heylin John Coles John Stafford William Dowdeswell Charles Dowdeswell Henry Izard Richard Browne Thomas Browne of Cortslawn Roger Lingen Hanger of Driffield Samuell Astry Hugh Browne Richard

Jones of Hanham Richard Hart Paul Dowdeswell Thomas Wise John Driver Edward Nott senior Edward Nott junior William Banister William Gough Edmond Maddock John Pryor Edward [Macher1] Christopher Woodward Thomas Pyrke George Bond of Redbrooke Conway Whitteme Roger Haverd Thomas Nanfan The Bayliffes of Tewksbury for the time being.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester.

William Russell Maior of the said Citty The Maior for the time being Evan Seyes Sergeant at Law Henry Norwood Esq* Sir Duncombe Colchester Knight William Cooke William Selwin John Stanion Esquires Robert Fielding DoSor of Phisick Thomas Price John Wagstaffe Henry Fowler Thomas Aram John Gee things John Rogers John Webbe Aldermen James Stephens Laurence Singleton Nicholas Webb Daniell Lysons John Marston Thomas Pury Anthony Arnold William Scudamore William Hodges John Cromwell William Lambe Robert Payne William Jordan Richard Boseley John Lugg Benjamine Hyett Citdzens.

For the County of Hereford.

John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Kirle Sir William Powell Sir Thomas Morgan Sir John Scudamore Sir John Holman Sir Herbert Croft Sir Thomas Williams Sir Bennet Hoskins Baronets Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Hanbury Sir Job Charleton Sir John Bamaby Sir Herbert Perrott Sir John Payne Sir John Emely Sir John Hoskins Knights Sir Francis Winington His Majestyes Solicitor Generali Udall Tomkins Thomas Thynne Thomas Cornwell of Stepleton Castle Somerset Fox Thomas Price Humphrey Cornwall John Birch Herbert Westfailing Reginald Graham Thomas Conningsbey of Hampton Court Esq* John Morgan of Kinersley Wallop Brabason Walter Pye Robert Pye John Scudamore of Kenchurch Herbert Aubery Richard Reede William Gregory Thomas Cox Thomas Harley James Pitt Edward Cornwall John Skipp Edward Freeman Richard Hopton Thomas Geeres Humphrey Baskerville Humphrey Howorth Francis Unett John Arnold Esq* Henry Milbourne John Bamaby of Brockhampton John Booth of Letton Pauli Foley William Lambe John Nourse Bridgstocke Hartford Robert Rodd George Skipp Marshall Bridges Younger Cooke Thomas Baskerville of Earsley Francis Pember of Elsdon James Good Gens Edwin Skrimsher Richard Williams of Cabalva Ambrose Elton Thomas Delahay of Urrishay Francis Pemper of Nuperd Thomas Duppa Richard Bamby of Brockhampton Robert Cornwall Herbert Perrott John Damall junior Ferdinando Gorge James Lloyd of Kingston Edward Morgan John Williams John Parrey of Dulesse Thomas Delahay of Alterynis Standasse Lloyd Edward Jones Lanwame James Gregory Esquiers George Cliffe of Wormbride John Dansy William Dansy Richard Snead High Sheriffe Guyles Rawlins William Guyllim of Langston George Carver of Battus Samuell Birch of Whitbourne Anthony Rowden Nicholas Walwin Richard Walwyn of Hellens Thomas Rodd Martin Sandys of Cradley John Booth of Brainton Richard Guyllim Esq* Robert Dobbins John Arnold William Mathews William Dansey of Greet William Westfaling Herbert Masters Thomas Howorth of the Whitehouse Thomas Wigmore Thomas Berrington of Bishopston Thomas Berrington of Litle Pyon John James Higgons James John Kirle of Rosse William Broome John Goodier of Burhope Thomas Hopwood of Milton Michaell Braughton Essex Sherbourne Humphrey Tayler Thomas Carpenter of TQlington Edward Lloyd of Batch Esq* Henry Hyett John Cornwall Francis Geeres of Garmons The Bayliffe of the Burrough of Lemster John Tomkins Gent

For Lemster

Peter Daunser Gens William [Bedeler*] William Bissell of Ledbury James Winston of Blackmore John Carver of Upton Edward Ketleby John Gilbert Gentlemen Giles Bridges of Wilton Esq* Richard Marret of Pittow Thomas Bridges of Bosbery James Good of Willocbridge Phillip Parrey of Brunton Gentlemen.

For the Citty of Hereford

The Maior for the time being John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland Herbert Westfaling Thomas Price William Gregory Bridstocke Hartford Esquires Robert Symonds fThofii. Holmes ThoSi. Paynard Thoftl. Clerk Thofh. Bond Hugh Rodd Thomas Symonds1]] William Edwin Edward Rodd Richard Williams Roger Boulcott John Cooke William Maylard John Barnes Abraham Seward Richard Wadley, Thomas Mathews Gentlemen.

812

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1677

For the County of Hertford

Sir Harbotle Grimston Master of the Rolls Sir Richard Francklin Knight and Baronet Sir John Mounson Sir Thomas Leventhorpe Sir John Reede Sir Richard Spencer Sir John Witterongle Sir Richard Anderson Sir Jonathan Keate Sir John Austin Sir Robert Joslin Sir Richard Atkins Sir William Leman Baronets Sir Phillip Boteler Knight of the Bath Sir John Gore Sir Francis Boteler Sir Henry Blount Sir William Glascock Sir Edward Alston Sir Francis Leigh Sir Charles Cesar Sir John Watts Sir Humphrey Gore Sir John Boteler Sir Thomas Byde Sir Charles Cleaver Sir Robert Viner Sir Ralph Radcliife Sir Robert Dacres Sir Benjamin Tichbourne Sir George Walker Knights Henry Mounson Samuell Grimston William Lytton Thomas Lewis John Garrard Thomas Dockwra Richard Harrison Richard Francklyn Ralph Freeman Thomas Preistley Thomas Pope Blount James Witterongle Mathew Blucke Richard Goulston Henry Guy Silas Tytus Thomas Weeden James Goulston Nicholas Miller Skinner Byde Thomas Arris Doctor in Phisick George Cooper Edward Atkins Francis Shalcrosse Arthur Pulter Henry Baldwin Thomas Stanley Thomas Chatterton Edward Wingate Thomas Carpenter Daniell Sheldon Thomas Atkins Richard Blackwell Thomas Field George Nodes George Loe Edward Watts Richard Crofts Thomas Halsey James Willimot Edward Chester William Hutchinson Edward Briscoe William Green hill Arthur Sparks William Cotton Henry Childe John Ecdeston Edmund Smith John Briscoe Edmond Colies Ralph Gore Robert Robotham John Fotherley Edmund Prideaux Thomas Nicholl of Bushy Thomas Saunders Henry Chauncy Anthony Farringdon John Weatherhead George Hadley George Throckmorton Marmaduke Rawden senior Henry Dunstar Will: Nuce Richard Reeves Joshua [Lemax1] John Ellis Henry Meaux Marmaduke Rawden junior Francis King Rowland Litton Ralph Jenings George Needham Thomas Bird Thomas Arris Alexander Weld John Dios William Peeke Humphrey Hall William Crowley John Piott junior The Maior of Hertford for the time being.

For the Towne of Saint Albans

Ralph Pollard Maior of the Towne for the time being Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet Master of the Rolls Doctor Arris Samuell Grimston John Simpson Recorder Ralph Jennings Esq* Robert Robotham William Cotton Anthony Farrington Thomas Arris Lewis Montgomery junior Thomas Cowley William Mareton Thomas Oxten John New John Cape John Doggett William Oxten William Rugg Thomas Ecdeston John New junior William Marston junior John Ellis Edmund Codes George Lowe Josuah Lomax.

For the County of Huntington

Sir Francis Compton Knight George Mountague Esq, Sir John Cotton Sir John Hewet Sir Thomas Proby Sir John Bernard Baronets Sir Nicholas Pedley Sir Lyonell Walden Knights John Cotton Stephen Anderson Robert Apprice Silus Tytus John Dreydon John Heron Samuell Pepis Anthony Hammond Richard Nailer Sutton Ashfield Charles Cesar John Trice Richard Elmes John Ferrar Nicholas Pedley Lyonell Walden Castell Sherrard Lewis Ethrington William Connyers Esquires Robert Baldwin Albian Throgmorton John Bigg Robert Caveney Thomas Audley Richard Winds William Nayler Simon Mason Thomas Shepherd William Moseley Robert Clarke.

For the Towne of Huntington

The Maior for the time being Sir John Cotton Baronet Sir Nicholas Pedley Sir Lyonell Walden Knights Nicholas Pedley Lyonell Walden Esquires William Fulwood Doctor in Phisicke Richard Astry Samuell Poynt James Faireside Gendemen.

For the County of Kent

Phillip Viscount Strangford of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Vere Fane Knight of the Honourable Order of the Bath John Tufton Richard Tufton Sackvile Tufton Esquires Sir Thomas Twisden one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir William Wilde one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Phillip Howard Knight Sir Thomas Peyton Sir William Twisden Sir Edward Hales Sir Henry Palmer Sir John Rivers Sir Richard Meridith Sir Edward Deereing Sir Oliver Buder Sir Norton Knatchbull Sir John Tufton Sir John Raney Sir Robert Hales Baronets William Viscount Downe of Ireland Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Stephen Leonard Sir Humphrey Miller Sir John Marsham Sir John Bancks Sir William Honywood Sir Robert Bamham Sir Thomas Pierce Sir Nathaniell Powell Sir John Austin Sir Thomas Seylard Sir Jonathan Keete Sir Anthony Aucher Sir Henry Oxenden Sir Francis Clerke Sir Thomas Godfrey Sir Thomas Engham junior Sir Richard Powell Knight of the honourable Order of the Bath Sir Phillip Warwicke Sir John Darrell Sir Thomas Scott Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir William Wiseman Baronet Sir Theophilus Biddulph Baronet Sir William Boreman Sir Bernard Hyde Sir William Swan Baronet Sir Robert Filmer Baronet Sir John Heath Attourney of the Dutchy of Lancaster Sir Thomas Lee Sir William Boothby Baronet Sir Thomas Whitmore Sir James Oxenden Sir Thomas Hardresse His Majestyes Sergeant at Law Edward Hales of Tunstall Esqv John Stroud Esq> Lieftenant of Dover Castle Sir James Rushout John Boys of Fredvill Thomas Hales of Beaksbome Thomas Peake John Cropley Thomas Crispe of Queaks Thomas Hardresse Esquires Walter Breames Christopher Vane Esqv James Masters of Langdon James Masters of Yokes Thomas Turner William Rooke Henry Oxindin of Brooks Richard Aldworth Herbert Randolph Nicholas Tooke of Goddington Henry Thornhill of Allanty John Knatchbull James Brockman Henry Deering Edward Hales Richard Hulse John Nailer Robert Lutkner Peter Hamond John Moyle Zouch Brockman Phillip Warwick Thomas Flood William Cage Francis

1 Lomax O.

29° Car. II. c. 1.

813

Bamham Sir Demetrius James Anthony Irby Esquier Ferdinando Marsham Esq Sir George Curtis Richard Kilbourne Esq Edward Gresham Esq Thomas Knatchbull Richard Wilkenson Thomas Mun Ralph Buskin Walter Francklin Richard Marsh Thomas English Thomas Harlackendon Henry Hawdon Alabaster Flood Captaine John Clerke Richard Duke William Maddox William Stonywood The Maior of Rochester for the time being George Newman Esq Richard Manley Esq Sir Richard Head Baronet Sir Charles Bickerstaffe Knight Francis Barrell Sergeant at Law Francis Head Esqs Sir Thomas Style Baronet Thomas Manley Esq Thomas Brewer Samuell Boyce [Esqrs'] Edward Finch Esq Sir John Bunch Baronet Phillip Packer George Polhill Henry Gilbourne Marke Cottle Esquires John Hyde Sir William Hooker Knight Northon Curtis Edward Curtis Robert Heath Francis Heath John Eveling Sir Eliah Harvey Knight Thomas Papillon of Aucridge William Swan Thomas Selyard Christopher Allison Esq Ralph Petley John Bridger Francis Famaby Edward Bagby George Gifford Paul Eps Robert Clerkson Sir John Williams Humphrey Withwick Sir Anthony Maney Thomas Petley Esq John Sydney James Thurbone George Boreman Esq Sir’John Hinden Knight William Hammond of St Albanes Esqrs William Campian Thomas Andrews Edward Gulston Reynold Peckham Edward Short Robert Austin Richard Breton Sir Henry Boswell Knight Mr Henry Sandys Sir Percivall Hart Mr Edward Manning Edmond. Tooke Esq Sir John Shaw Baronet John Luckin Michaell Chidwick Piercy Goreing William Kingsley Roger Paine Esqs Sir Robert Faunce Knight Sir Nicholas Strode Sir Richard Ford Archibald Clinkard John Henley Edward Deering Edwyn Wyatt Cressell Draper George Duke Esqs Samuell Plummer John Cooke Sir Francis Leake Sir Francis Leigh Sir Leoline Jenkins Thomas Fane Esq Anthony Nowers Julius Deeds Edward Master Esq Charles Wheeler Joseph Finch John Marsham Esq Mr Thomas Gombledon Sir George Moore Baronet William Trumball Doctor of Laws John Plummer Esq Henry Frere Esq Christopher Wade Gent Cresheild Draper Thomas Gifford Edward King Richard Mathews [Heny1] Querman John Coney Phillip Bartlemew Gentlemen Francis Leake Esq James Codd Thomas Hooper Esq Edmond Steed of Bidenden William Ash Esq Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet Peter Godfrey Esq The Bayliffe of Rumney Marsh for the time being The Expenditers of Rumney Marsh for the time being Humphrey Wightwick Gen! John Buggin Esq John Bloome EsqN Christopher May GenI The Maior of Maidstone for the time being Henry Parker Esq James Cripps Gent Sir John Fagge Baronet George Cowper Esq James Paine John Hunt John Murall GenI Roger Twisden Sir John Griffith Francis Withens Sir Phillip Honywood John Smith of Chart Esq Roger Luckyn of Winderton Captaine Gratian Linch Captaine Courthop John Ady Christopher Mason Richard Hopkins Esq Paul Barrett Esq William Lambard Esq Richard Betonson Esq John Thurbourne Esq Sir Stephen Leonard Baronet William Hugeson Esq Gideon Delawne Esq Nathaniell Darrell Esq John Rusfen James Tong Nicholas Cooke Gens John Piercevall Robert Cage Mathew Tomlinson Esquires.

For the Citty and County of Canterbury.

The Maior for the time being Sir Edward Master Knight Sir Thomas Hardresse His Majestyes Sergeant at Law Recorder Thomas Hindon William Man Edward Master Edward Nutt Captaine Kingleys Captaine Hilles Esquires Squire Beverton Thomas Elwin Thomas Knowler John Lott Aldermen John Knowler Thomas Turner Esq.

For the Towne and Port of Sandwich

The Maior for the time being John Thurbume Water Bayliffe Phineas Eldwood James Thurbume John Verrier Valentine Jenkin Jeffery Wells Jeffery Sackett Edward Elsted John Pantry Peter Nowell.

For the Towne and Port of Dover

The Maior for the time being Thomas Tiddeman Captaine Edward Roberts John Matson Richard Jacobs Walter Breams Esq Doctor Goulder George West Edward Wivell William Richards Nichollas Cullen John Bullocke Nathaniell Denew Richard Breton Fredericke de Vinck Symon Yorke William Stokes Charles Valey Francis Bastinck Aaran Wellard senior.

For the Towne and Port of Rumney.

The Maior for the time being William Lancaster John Bryan Peter Lancaster John Shoesmith James Paine John Hunt John Maskell.

For the Towne and Port of Hith.

The Maior for the time being Robinson Beane William Knight Elias Bassett John Bassett George Thurbume Robert Johnson.

For the Towne of Fordwich.

The Maior for the time being Thomas Norton Samuell Short.

For the Towne of Feversham

The Maior for the time being Robert Watson Esq Marke Trouts Thomas Southerest Thomas Napleton Simon Steede Thomas Sowthon.

For the Towne of Folkeston The Maior for the time being Clement Pregle Captaine Jenkin.

9X

814

29° Car. II. c. 1

A.D. 1677•

For the Towne of Lid

The Bayliffe of Lid for the time being John Bateman John Barton William Sudell John Bateman Thomas Beddingfield Henry Potter Michaell Chidwick William Glover.

For the Towne of Tenterden.

The Maior for the time being Sir Edward Hales Robert Austin Esq* Edward Short Edward Finch.

For the County of Lancaster

Sir Rob: Carr Chauncellour of the Dutchy Charles Earle of Ancram of the Kingdome of Scotland Richard Lord Gorge of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir William Egerton Knight of the Bath William Spencer the elder Esq* Charles Gerrard Esq* Henry Booth Esq* Sir Richard Haughton Sir John Mollineux Sir Robert Bindlosse Sir Garvase Elwes Sir Ralph Ashton of Midleton Sir Richard Standish Baronets Sir Edward Moore Sir Roger Bradshaigh Sir John Arderae Sir Jeffery Shackerley Sir John Heath Sir Peter Brooke Sir Thomas Stringer Sir Edward Chisndl Sir John Otway Knights Alexander Rigby Esq* High Sheriffe Thomas Preston the elder Richard Leigh Edward Rigby Sergeant at Law Richard Kirkby Richard Atherton John Harrison Mathew Richardson John Birch Daniell Fleming Miles Dodding William Spencer the younger Thomas Preston the younger William Kirkby Curwin Rawlinson Edward Wilson junior Thomas Cole Esquires The Maior of Lancaster for the time being Christopher Carnes William Fleming Roger Fleming William Knipe Roger Towlinson Thomas Sheirson Josua Partington William Waller John Greenwood Francis Medcalfe John Kirkby Gentlemen Charles Houghton Edward Warren Richard Fleetwood John Warren Alexander Rigby at Layton Christopher Parker Thomas Butler Alexander Johnson Allen Pricket Esquires William Lemon Maior of Preston William Langton Captaine Ralph Longworth George Sharpies James Lowd Thomas Hodgkinson Thomas Winckley Doctor Cuerden William Wall John Kellet Luke Hodgkinson William Werden Gent Richard Shutleworth Roger Nowell Thomas Bradyll Thomas Parker Nicholas Townley John Parker George Halstead Richard Asheton of Cuerdall Ralph Livesay Christopher Wilkinson Thomas Lacey Thomas Holden Henry Marsden Esquires The Bayliffes of Clidderow for the time being Edward Richton William Appleton Peers Starkey William Crombock John Lister William Yates Abraham Townley Robert Hamond Nicholas Cuncliffe Ambrose Barcroft Gentlemen Henry Haughton Edward Fleetwood Henry Farrington Christopher Banistre Richard Brooke Hugh Cooper John Crosse Stephen Rodley Peter Adlington Esquires Edward Dickenson Gentlemen Mr Wilson of Tunley Peter Bold Thomas Hescath Thomas [Nones*] Henry Sclatter John Rishley Roger Bradshaigh James Dockinfield John Antwisely Edward Dobson Thomas Bishpham Edward Herle John Ashton William Daniell Jeffery Holdcroft Thomas Latham Esquires The Maior of Wiggam for the time being The Maior of Leverpoole for the time being Silvester Richmond Oliver Lyme John Chaundler Thomas Bicksteth John Bretherton Paul Moreau Robert Roper Nicholas Fazackerly Thomas Turner Alexander Radcliffe John Widdowes Richard Molineux of Hawkley Thomas Johnson Peter Lurtinge James Vernon Esq* James Holt Thomas Leigh Alexander Butterworth Lawrence Rostome Thomas Greenhalgh William Hilton Leonard Egerton John Hartley Edward Moseley James Lightbowne William Hulme of Kersley William Hulme of Davids-Hulme Oswald Moaely John Byrom Roger Kenyon Ralph Browne William Northington James Chetham of Turton James Chetham of Smedley Robert Heywood John Hopwood Richard Holt Thomas Levor Ferdinando Stanley Esquires Ralph Eddowes William Leigh John Birch Gent

For the County of Leicester

William [Sheffington*] Esq* High Sheriffe of the County Thomas Lord Beaumont of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Roos sonne and heire apparent of the Earle of Rutland Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland Anchitall Gray John Gray Esquires Sir George Villiers Sir Robert Sherley Sir Thomas Halford Sir Wolston Dixie Sir Lewis Palmer Sir Henry Hudson Sir Edward Smith Sir Henry Beaumont Sir Thomas Helebridge Baronets Sir William Hartopp Sir William Ellis Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Thomas Dolman Sir William Hatford Sir John Heath Knights Phillip Sherrard William Villiers George Faunt Jeffery Palmer Richard Lister John de-la-Fountaine Richard Veraey Thomas Boothby William Boothby Beaumont Dixie William Hartopp Thomas Babington Henry Kendall Silas Tytus Saint John Bennett Thomas Caldicott John Hartopp William Cole John Hacket Samuell Cotton Thomas Pochin John Crew William Beaumont William Streete John Stafford Thomas Stanley Walter Rudeings William Whaley Stanhop Whaley Roger Roe George Pochin Christopher Pack Henry Hastings Jeremy Dove Mathew Johnson William Francks George Hewett Richard Brudnell Edward Needham John Needham Francis Needham Richard Orton William Frimnell Robert Bernard Richard Halford Thomas Food Richard Bradgate Francis Chamberlaine Henry Faraham William Bainbrigg John Bainbrigg John Benskin John Fowler John Barwell Esquires and Gentlemen Cassibctan Burton Esq* Thomas Goddard Gen! Sir John Hartop Baronet Randall Middlecure Sir William Knight.

For the Burrough of Leicester.

Edmund Sutton Maior and the Maior for the time being Alexander Baker John Cley Francis Noble William Alsop Edmond Townsend William Southwell Thomas Overinge Andrew Freeman William Deane Robert Hartshorne and George Becket Aldermen William Francks Esquire John Herrick Edward Palmer senior Edward Browne William Mayor and Laurence Carter Gen! William Billers Gen!

1 Norres 0.

* Skeffington 0.

29° Car. II. c. 1

815

B

For the County of Lincolne.

George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Rooe sonne and hare apparent of the Earle of Rutland John Lord Burleigh sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Exeter Robert Lord Willoughby sonne and heire apparent of the Earle of Lindsey Bennet Lord Sherwood of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Lord O Bryan of the Kingdome of Ireland William Peirpoint Peregryne Bartue Richard Bartue Charles Bartue Esquires Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Carr Knight and Baronet Chauncellour of the Dutchy and County PaUadne of Lancaster William Mountague Lord Cheife Baron [Heny*] Noell Esq* Sir John Munson Sir Thomas Hussey Sir William Thorold Sir John Newton Sir John Bromlowe Sir Robert Markham Sir William Trollop Sir William Hickman Sir Richard Rothwell Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Christopher Wray Sir Carr Scroope Sir John Bolles Sir William Ellis Baronet Sir Richard Earle Baronet Sir Tliomas Meeres Knight Sir John Bennet Knight of the (TBennet Knight of the*] Bath Sir John Morton Sir William Ellis Knight Sergeant at Law Sir Edward Ascough Sir Henry Massingberd Sir Thomas Skipwith Sergeant at Law Sir Drayner Massingberd Sir Will: Yorke Sir Charles Dymmock Sir Christopher Clapham Sir Christopher Menille Sir Edmund Turner Knights Sir Henry Heron Knight of the Bath Sir William Humble Baronet Sir Anthony Irby Knight Sir Phillip Harcourt Baronet Rutland Sanderson Henry Moverson Esq* John Hatcher William Marwood senior Michaell Lister William Godfrey Cesill Tyrwhitt Charles Pelham Charles Sanderson William Broxholme Henry Fane William Lister Richard Ryley Thomas Farmer Edward Payne Thomas Hatcher John Saunders Redmayne Burrell Francis Wingfeild Anthony Tredway William Welby Lister Teigh John Newton Francis Stringer Anthony Palmer Edmund Syler Charles Bates Esquires The Maior and the six senior Aldermen of the Citty of Lincolne for the time being The Maior of Stamford for the time being The Maior of Great Grimsby for the time being The Maior of Boston for the time being The Alderman of Grantham for the time being Mountague Cholmley William Trollop Henry Hall William Saville Stephen Rothwell Peregrine Buck Richard Pell George Sanderson Edward Marbury Stephen Mason George Hearley Darcy Stanhope John Farmery of Morthorpe Edward Tourney Robert Sanderson Marmaduke Darrell William Fitzwilliams George Neville George Midlemore Charles Woolley Christopher Pym Thomas Hall of Ketlthorpe Francis Grantham Vincent Grantham William Berrisford Bever Cornwallis Esquires Anthony Eyre Esq* Henry Stone Anthony Williams Robert Laning John Colthurst Thomas Harrington Miles Long Augustin Conedron Cornelius Hall Gen! Edward Browne of Horbling Gen! Anthony Irby Esq* Samuell Browne John Bolt William Wilson John Empson Joseph Whiteing Adlard Welby David Bonnell Henry Burrell Bever Wimberley Israeli Jackson Richard Milner William Howell Doctor of Lawes Edward Sturton Doctor of Phisick Charles Bawe? John Shaw Daniell Wigmore Daniel! Thorowgood William Dickenson John Burton of Spalding Gent William Mallett Martin Forster Esq* John Oldfield Peter Balder John Butler Francis Johnson of Spalding Lawson Lawrence Stamford Christopher Aiscough John Eely Richard Curst Edward

Nelthorpe John Boswell Charles Newcomen George Knight Charles Radley George Langton Christopher Clayton William Popple John Smith William Hooten William Marwood junior Robert Sandis Thomas Coventry* George Whitchcote James Harrington John South Charles Anderson Samuell Ludington Robert Long of Kirkby William Hall of Lincolne Nicholas Smith of Thetlethorpe Francis Auscough Thomas Auscough John Freeson George Fairefax William Pirkins Thomas Grant Robert Goodall Mr Woodrofe of Corby Robert Hurst of Barrowby Gen! William Goodall Gen! John Greene of Dunsby Mr Ashton of Grantham.

For the Citty of London

The Right Honourable Sir Thomas Davies Knight Lord Maior and the Lord Maior for the time being Sir William Wilde Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Cheverton Knight Sir Thomas Allen Knight and Baronet Sir John Fredericke Knight Sir John Robinson Knight and Baronet Sir John Lawrence Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir William Turner Sir Richard Ford Sir George Waterman Sir Robert Hanson Sir William Hooker Knights Sir Robert Viner Knight Baronet Sir Joseph Sheldon Knight Sir William Dolben Knight Recorder and The Recorder for the time being Sir Francis Chaplin Sir James Edwards Sir Robert Clayton Sir Patience Ward Sir John Moore Sir William Pritchard Sir Henry Tulse Sir James Smith Sir Nathaniell Heme Sir Robert Jeffers Sir John Shorter Sir Thomas Gould Knights Aldermen Sir John Peake Sir Thomas Stampe Knights Sheriffes Sir John Lethuillieur Sir William Thompson Sir Theophilus Biddulph Sir Thomas Plaier Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Arthur Ingram Sir Andrew King Knights John Joliffe Henry Dunstar William Love John Jones John Bence Thomas Papillon George Jefferies Erasmus Smith James Hayes Esquires Richard Mills William Gibbons John Short Gen! John Nichols Esq* Henry Loads Josiah Childe Sir Samuell Bemardiston Edward Turgis John du Boys Thomas Pilkington Sir Eliah Harvey James Houblon Sir John Cope Sir Thomas Clergis Sir Phillip Mathews John Jefferis Esq* Sir Leolyne Jenkins Sir Robert Wiseman Francis Warner William Williams Humphrey Cliffe Allen Cliffe Charles Thorold Richard Lightfoote John Bathurst Mr Ralph Boxe Edward Waldoe Gervase Price Walter Lapp Lawrence Blomley John Lane Esquires Sir Francis Pemberton Knight His Majestyes Sergeant at Law Sir John King Knight Thomas Jenner Esq* Samuell Pepys Esq* Thomas Cox Doctor in Phisicke.

For the County of Midlesex

The Right Honourable Edward Seymour Esq* Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons Sir George Carteret Knight and Baronet Vice*chamberlaine of His Majestyes Household Henry Coventry and Sir Joseph Williamson Principall Secretaries of State Sir John Emeley Chauncellor of the Exchequer Sir Robert Carr Knight and Baronet Chauncellor of the Dutchy of Lancaster Sir John Duncombe Knight Sir Richard Rainsford Lord Cheife Justice

1 Henry O.

3 0. omits.

816

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D.\6n.

of the Kings Bench Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet Master of the Rolls Sir Francis North Lord Cheife Justice of the Common Pleas William Montague Lord Cheife Baron Sir Thomas Twisden Baronet one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir William Wilde Knight and Baronet one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Timothy Litleton Knight one of the Barons of the Exchequer Sir Hugh Windham Knight one of the Justices of the Common Pleas Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath one of the Justices of the Common Pleas Sir Edward Thurland one of the Barons of the Exchequer Vere Bertue one of the Barons of the Exchequer, Sir Thomas Jones one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir William Scroggs one of the Justices of the Common Pleas George Montague Daniell Finch Henry Brunkard Thomas Killigrew Edward Progers Henry Seymore Esquires Sir William Hicks Baronet Sir Francis Gerrard Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Litleton Baronet Sir John Mainard Knight one of His Majestyes Sergeants at Law Sir William Jones Knight His Majestyes Attoumey Generali Sir Francis"Winnington Knight His Majestyes Sollicitor Generali Sir James Butler Attoumey Generali to the Queenes Majesde Sir John Trevor Sir William Boyer Baronet Sir John Robinson Knight and Baronet Lieutenant of the Tower of London Sir Jeremy Whichcott Baronett Sir John Lowther Baronet Sir Joseph Ash Baronet Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet Sir Robert Viner Knight and Baronet Sir Reginald Foster Baronet Sir William Roberts Baronet Sir Thomas Wolstenholme Baronet Sir Phillip Mathews Baronet Sir John Bennet Knight of the Bath Sir John Bramston Knight of the Bath Sir Edmond Windham Knight Marshall of His Majestyes Household Sir Charles Harbord Knight His Majestyes Surveyour Generali Sir Anthony S' Legar Sir Charles Lee Sir William Palmer Sir Thomas Allen Sir Allen Apsley Sir John Talbot Knights Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Fredericke Hyde Knight and Sergeant at Law to Her Majesde Sir Phillip Warwicke Knight Sir John Howell Knight Sir Lancelott Lake Sir William Poultney Sir John Babor Sir Phillip Howard Sir James Smith Sir Thomas Player Sir Allen Broderick Sir Thomas Byde Knight Sir Thomas Escourt Knight one of the Masters of Chauncery Sir Robert Hanson Sir Gilbert Gerrard of Harrow Sir Paul Whitchcott Sir James Griffith Sir George Chamocke Sir Robert Southwell Clerke of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Thomas Foster Sir Thomas Offley Sir Jeremy Smith Sir Edmund Godfrey Sir William Bowles Sir Thomas Stringer Sir John James Sir John Churchill Attoumey Generali to the Duke of Yorke Sir Edward Rich Christopher Wren Doctor of Lawes Surveyour of His Majesties Workes Humphrey Weld William Ashbumham George Pitt Francis King Charles Cheney George Marsh Charles Bennet George Jefferies Francis Crawley Henry Barber Clerke of the Crowne John Philip one of His Majestyes Auditors of the Exchequer John Tuppett Mathew Bluck Roger Jennings John Bill Thomas Midleton Samuell Pepes Richard Peacocke Nicholas Townley William Wardow Thomas Baler John Trevor Esq* Nicholas Rainton Ralph Hawtry Thomas Roe Thomas Robinson Humphrey Worley John Carew Thomas Povey Sir Robert Filmore Baronet James C.litherow Richard Dunton Thomas Rosse John Hawtry Edward Walcop Richard Adams Sir Charles Pitfield Henry Hawley James Smith Henry Elwes William Goldsborough Thomas Thomlins John Harvey John Ball William Glascock Martin Clifford Henry Renwell Richard Lightfoote Auditor Richard Mountney George Hill John Baker William Wood Henry Hodges Leonard Hamond Christopher Blake Peter Sabbs John Swanley Richard Bayley Josian Rycroft John Jones Richard Morley Sir Cerill Wich Sir John Bernard Baronet Sir Richard Francklin Knight and Baronet Pawlet Saint-John John Wolstenholme Esquires Francis Brampston Sergeant at Law Sir William Smith Baronet Thomas Owen William Wogan Daniell Waldoe Edward Waldoe John Thoope Esquires Thomas Nappier Esq Sir William Bolton Knight Richard Harrison Esq Symon Smith George Day John Pulford Erasmus Smith John Pawlet John Jolley John Lloyd Richard Chehey William Fenn Jasper Churchill Charles Hencock Anthony Collins Henry Collins William Northey Sir Roger Langley Baronet Thomas Lewis Esqs David Walter Esq* John Bathurst Esq* Josua Beale Esq* Thomas Austin Esq Lawrence Blomley Esq* Sir Edward Deering Baronet Sir William Beversham one of the Masters of Chauncery Edmund Draper Thomas Owen Henry Devenish John Elwes Knight John Parsons Henry Parker Sir Edward Abney Knight Mathew Bluck Robert Forsett Nicholas Courtney Esq* Sir John Trevor Knight John Trevor Esquire John Walker Gentleman Roger Gardiner Roger Stoughton Esquires Sir John Burkenhead Thomas Aram Richard Morley Henry Slingsby Esquires Sir Theodore De vaux Sir Gilbert Talbott (*) Edward Law Robert Blaney Edward Lee Esquires Josua Beale Sir Edward Carteret Sir William Thompson James Cooper Richard May Justinian Pagitt John Hutchinson Esq* William Page Sir Thomas Allen Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Clergis Sir James Rushout Baronet Sir Thomas Cooke Sir Thomas Marsh Sergeant Newdigate James Houbland Robert Sawyer Simon Parry John Shalem William Prettiman Edward Byde Henry Sawyer ~Eaq*] William Meggs Josua Gallard Robert Clerkson William Richards Roger Gillingham Joseph Dawson Thomas Monck Edward Bascowen Esq* Sir William Wanon Henry Johnson Esq Captaine Isaac Woodgreene Humphrey Nicholson Esquires Richard Cheney Joseph Lowden Robert Houlden Richard Bolt Friend John Sharpe Edward Alsop Thomas Johnson Esquires Henry Till Arnold Browne Rainsford Waterhouse Thomas Lewis Esq Nicholas Osborne Esq John Swanley Esq Thomas Thomlins Roberts Esq of Brumley Sir Edmond Bowyer Baronet Anthony Row William

Rawlinson Thomas Bromhall Roger Gardiner Esquires Thomas Cox junior Esq William Wood Sir Charles Cotterell Phillip Froud Esquire Sir John Bancks Baronet Robert Forsett Abraham Nelson Esq

For the Citty of Westminster and the Liberties thereof.

Henry Lord Cavendish Sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Devonshire Charles Lord Clifford sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Burlington George Mountague Esq Edward Sackville Esq Sir Edward Carteret Sir Kingsmill Lucy Sir John Nicholas Sir Allen Apsley Sir Thomas litleton Sir Charles Cotterell Sir John Bennet Sir Phillip Warwicke Sir Richard Everard Sir Michaell Heneage Sir Robert Howard Sir Phillip Howard Sir Robert Carr Sir Phillip Mathews Sir George Carteret Sir Edmond Windham Sir William Haward Sir John Trevor Sir William Pountney Sir Peter C.olliton Sir Theodore De vaux Sir Richard Wiseman Sir John Griffith Sir Edward

A.D.X677-

29° Car. II. c. 1.

817

Brett Sir Edmund Bury Godfrey Sir Walter Clergis Sir John Cotton Sir Phillip Meadowes Sir Charles Harbord Sir Francis Hollis Sir Thomas Meeres Sir George Downing Sir William Doyley senior [Sir William Doyley junior Sir John Talbott *3 Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Anthony Irby Sir James Smith Sir Cerill Wich Sir Foulke Lucy Sir John Cutter Sir Richard Mason Sir Richard Dolbin Sir Robert Filmore Sir Robert Pye Sir Thomas Clergis Sir Richard Graham Sir John Copleston Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir Edward Graves Sir John Birkenhead Sir William Orby Sir Thomas Woodcocke Sir William Gerrard Sir William Boreman Sir Robert Southwell Clerke of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Phillip Lloyd Sir Christopher Wrenn Sir Gilbert Talbott Sir James Hayes Sir Richard Blake Lawrence Hyde Esc^ Sir Richard Langley Sir John Hinton John Harvey Esqs Doctor Sydenham Peregrine Bartue David Walter Henry Bronkard Edwin Sandys William Ashbumham Edmond Waller Phillip Picker William Harbord Bernard Greenvile John Tregonwell Samuell Pepis Christopher Vane Reynald Graham Thomas Thynne John Strod Govemour of Dover Hugh Biscowen Edmond Warcup Richard Newman Essex Strode Mathew Locke Henry Progers John Browne Edward Boscowen Richard Lucy George Legg Francis Lucy Henry Herbert Roger Higgs Edward Griffin John Currance Dofior Warner George Jefferies William Glascocke George Nicholas George Farewell Hugh May Francis Knowles James Dewye Humphrey Worley senior Michaell Mallet Thomas Bayles Doctor Samuell Barrowe Thomas Morrice Walter Brydell Butler Kinkead Bevis Lloyd John Baggeley Esq Simon Smith John Mann Richard Pagett Michaell Brighouse Lancelott Thornton Hugh Squire Charles Hinton John Baynes Captaine Boheye Emery Hill Humphrey Worley junior George Hill John Russell Thomas Haywood William Wardour Edward Clarke Thomas Bayley Robert Harcourt John Walker Thomas Russell Ambrose Scudamore Doctor Barwicke David Lloyd John Clutterbucke Richard Smith Nicholas Baxter Thomas Crumpe Abraham Harrison John Ball DoSor Clarke Bartholimew Vermuden Henry Slingsby William Blake Jasper Churchill John Chase George Cooper William Morgan Henry Shalcrosse William Bookey Ralph Marshall John Lugg Richard Wheeler Richard Bull John Minshen John Leeson Michaell Arnoll George Plucknet Nicholas Edlyn Maurice Hunt Thomas Halfepenny Richard Mill Thomas Tyndall Thomas Warner John Greene Nehemiah Arnold Ralph Halsey Henry Symonds Miles Mitchell Richard Farthing Christopher Sheene William Wheeler Peter Griffith Charles Rampayne William Austin John Fisher Samuell Baker Maurice Kingwell George Browne Thomas Butler Edmond Doyley Henry Montague John Lockier John Watts Robert Blaney Job Williams Thomas Symonds Robert Newman Arthur Pryor Robert White William Williams John Dunn John Snell Edward Younger Henry Peeke and Giles Masters Gentlemen Captaine Graham Francis Stevens John Lawrence and John Lovyng Esquires Maurice Hunt and Samuell Baker Gentlemen Nathaniell Stoughton Esq, William Hawkins Pagitt Henry Aldridge Edward Gawen Robert Nott and James Smithsby Esquires George Bennett Richard May Daniell Fmch Sir William Walter Baronet Sir William Jones his Majestyes Attoumey Generali Sir John Bankcs Baronet Sir Thomas Daniell William Thoresby Baptist May Bevis Lloyd Thomas Gilbert Henry Fanshaw and Arthur Sparke Esquires Samuell Vincent John Trevor and Francis Gwyn.

For the County of Monmouth

Charles Lord Herbert sonne and heire apparent to the Marquesse of Worcester Henry Herbert Esqs Sir Bainham Throckmorton Baronet Sir Edward Morgan Baronet Sir Charles Kernes Baronet Sir Trevor Williams Baronet Sir Thomas Morgan Barronet Sir Herbert Evans Knight William Morgan of Tredegar Esqs Richard Lewis Esq^ Edmond Thomas Esqs Edward Morgan Esqs Trevor Williams Esqs Henry Probert Esqs Thomas Lewis Esqs Charles Van Esqs William Kemys Esqs James Herbert of Colbrooke Esqs John Arnold Esqs Edward Proger Esqs Collonell Charles Proger Thomas Morgan of Llanrumney Esqs Joha Cary Esqs David Lewis Esqs Thomas Folio Esqs Charles Price Esqs Edmund Morgan of Penloynsarth Esqs Collonell William Morgan Thomas Morgan of Llansore Esqs William Herbert Esquire Richard Lester Esqs Henry Milbourne Esqs Edmund [Jone*] Esqs Henry Baker Esquire William Jones Esqs Roger Oates Nicholas Kemeis Edmund Gammage Walter Rumsey Charles Milbourne Rowland Gwynn Thomas Pritchard Roger Williams John Williams George Kemeys of Llanvaire John Morgan John Price Caple Hanbury Trevor Morgan Thomas Herbert John Walter of Persfield Thomas Jones of Uske Phillip Cecill Thomas Hughes John Rumsey James Morgan and Rowland Pritchard Esquires William Herbert Barr ester at Law Roderick Gwynn Esq Henry Chambers Gentleman William Blethin Edward Kemeys of Burtholey and John Lewis of Ifton-Hill David Morgan of Llanwenarth Walter Evans of [Llangattocke Robert Gunter Lewis Morgan John Walter of Howicke John Catchmey George Kemeys of Caldicott Charles Morgan of1] LlangattQcke-Lingod William Williams of Carlyon John Rumsey of Wolesnewton Rowland Williams of Slow John Bird John Floyre William Lewis of Llanmellin Robert Jones Walter Aldy John Mathews Ezra Watters Thomas Powell Nicholas Parker Thomas Morgan of Riskah Trevor Probert Francis Spaldin Charles Williams of Newport Isaac Tompkins Theophilus Reynolds James Jones John Curr Charles Morgan of Llansore Henry Morgan of Penrose William Jones of Uske George Harrice Rice Jones of Court Blethin John Jones of Llantrissent John Roth Henry Morgan of Bedwelty Herbert Williams Christopher Price Roger Williams James Harris Hopkin Vaughan William Powell of Bedwelty John Harris Leonard Mericke Richard Vaughan Morgan Thomas Isaac Williams Charles Baker John Watkins of Tregare William Evans Thomas Jones of Trenthin Richard Roberts Herbert Jones Francis Williams Francis Pritchard William Powell of Uske and Nathan Rogers Gentlemen The Maior of Monmouth for the time being The Maior of Newport for the time being The Portrieve of Uske for the time being and the Bayliffe of Abergavenny for the time being John Arnold John Scudamore Esquires Walter Scudamore Thomas Patricke James Williams of Llanggattogg-Lingood James Hughes of the Geliy William George of Comyoye Martin Boothby and David Thomas of Abergenny Gentlemen.

9 Y

29° Cab. II. c. 1.

A. 0.1677.

For the County of Northampton.

John Lord Burleigh sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Exeter Bryen Viscount Cullen of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Lord O Bryan Baron of Ibrachan of the same Kingdome William Lord FitzwQliams of the same Kingdome William Mountague Lord Cheife Baron of the Exchequer Sir Francis Compton George Montague Esq^ Sir Thomas Crew Knight Sir Roger Norris Sir Samuell Danvers Sir William Farmer Baronets Sir Edward Nicholls Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Griffin Sir John Robinson Sir William Wake Sir John Holman Baronets Sir William Haslewood Knight Sir James Langham Knight and Baronet Sir Edward' Alston John Beaumont Edward Griffin Francis [Laud1] Henfry Stafford Richard Rainsford William Alton John [Parkhurst*] William Harbord John Browne Sir Lewis Palmer Baronet Edward Hales Thomas Chubnalls Esquires George Wake Doctor in Lawes Lawrence Manly William Chester William Sanders Thomas Trist Thomas Elmes Toby Chauncey Thomas Catisby Samuell Trist William Washbourne Sir William Craven Knight Sir Samuell Clarke Devereux Knightley Sir William Langham William Tate Edward Harby William Adams of Welthon Richard Saltonstall Edward Palmer Maximilian Emerley John Creswell Henry Edmunds Robert Clerke William Bugby Sir William Pargiter Sir John Pickering Bryan Johnson Anthony Shugburgh Walker Kirkham Michaell Woodhall John Thornton John Willoughby John Bagshaw William Lisle William Warner Christopher Thursby Andrew Lant Francis Morgan Thomas Jenniaon Thomas Ward John Lyn George De la vail William Levins Neale Nicholas Steward John Gardiner John

Wiseman The Maior of Northampton for the time being John Braffield Richard Massingberd Francis Pickmer Joseph Sergeant William Vaughan Joseph Hinchman John Howes Edward Knighton The Maior of Higham for the time being The Bayly of Daventree for the time being The Maior of Brackley for the time being Henry Lucas John Borne Richard Butler Richard Plowman Jeremiah Dove Salathiell Lovell John Briges William Thursby John Hanbury John Combs Esquires Richard Reeve Francis Crane Francis Arundell Tryan George Quarles

Richard Willoughby Sir Robert Drydon Baronet Edward Stratford Henry Rushton Phillip Lord Wenman of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Thomas Samuell Thomas Andrews George Clerke Gerrard Gore Esquires Sir Roger Cave Sir John Egerton Baronets Goddard Pemberton Edmund Bacon Lewis Watson William Mountague Arthur Brookes Robert Mansell Thomas Freeman Bernard Walcott Esquires Edward Montague Thomas Newton William Adams of Cherwelton Francis Watson Esquire Sir Robert Shirley Sir Ralph Vane Daniell Finch Esq^ John Ekins.

For the County of Nottingham.

Patritius Viscount Chaworth of the Kingdome of Ireland Anchitell Grey William Pierpoint Arthur Stanhope William Byron Robert Pierpoint Esquires Sir Francis Leeke Knight and Baronet Sir John Mollineux Sir Edward Dearing Sir Richard Earle Sir Thomas Williamson Sir William Hickman Sir Edmund Wastinge Sir Edward Nevill Sir John Newton Baronets Sir Scroope How Sir Ralph Knight Knights Francis Leeke William Gray Charles Stanhope John Digby Francis Sandys Samuell Sandys(3) Samuell Sandys junior William Sandys John Sandys John Grubham How William Palmes William Toler William Stanhope Thomas Perkins William Cartwright John Thomegh John White Charles Hutchinson Thomas Marshall William Skeffington Penniston Whaley Frauds Stringer George Nevill Arthur Warren senior Arthur Warren junior Thomas Charleton senior Thomas Charlton junior Reason Mellish Anthony Gilby William Godfrey Thomas Wauen John Millington Francis Jessop John Yarbourgh Doctor in Phisicke William Lane John Rolston Darcy Mollineux Peter Broughton Edward Bigland The high Sheriffe for the time being The Maior of Nottingham The Bayliffes of Eastredford The Maior of Newarke Thomas Shipman William Wharton Edward Ward Mathew Jennison Samuell Ellis John [Dougloffe4] Anthony Collingfood Robert Atkinson Gervisse Piggott William Cartwright William Cartwright Norminton Richard Slater Rowland Dann John Dann John Hacker of Flintam John Hacker of Trowell Henry Plumtree Richard Mansfield Harvey Stanton George Gregory Thomas Rosfill William Pinckney William Wamundsole William Savile Henry Savile Esquires [ 5] Linley of Skegby Robert Thoroton Doctor of Phisicke Robert Newton Anthony Tate

John Musters Esq^ Charles Lawcocke George Chamberlaine Thomas Dickonson Ralph Edge Christopher Hall William Graves John Parker William Fowler Robert Westbrooke William Welby Thomas Porter Lancelott Rolleston Tempest Brighouse William Waters WHliam Clarkson John Clarkson John Baines Clifton Rodes Gent.

For the County of Northumberland.

Edward Lord Morpeth sonne and heire apparent of the Earle of Carlisle Sir John Fenwicke Baronet Sir Ralph Dalavill Sir Cuthbert Heron Sir William Blacket and Sir Thomas Loraine Baronets Sir George Downing Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Horsley Knight Utricke Whitfield Esqs Daniell Collingwood Edward Villers Ralph Jennison William Strother Ralph Hebron Thomas Bewicke Frands Blake Robert Mitford Francis Addison Thomas Collingwood John Ridley James Howard Henry Ogle William Dallavill William Widdrington Robert Jennison William Ogle John Shaftoe William Carnaby and John Forster of Cornwall Esquires William Carr John Forster of Etherston Thomas Burrell Patritius Crow Tristram Fenwicke and Edward Collingwood Gendemen John Gray John Blakiston and William Lilburne Esquires.

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Sir Ralph Carr Maior Sir James Clavering and Sir William Blackett Baronets Sir Francis Anderson Sir Robert Shaftoe and Sir Richard Scott Knights Marke Milbankes Henry Maddison Henry Brabant Ralph Jennison Timothy Davison Robert Jennison Robert Roddam and Mathew Jefferson Aldermen Michaell Blacket Sheriffe William Lilburne John

1 Lane 0. * Packhurst 0. s senior 0. 4 Douglasae 0. 4 No blank in Orig.

29° Car. II. c. 1.

819

Blakeston and Anthony Isaackson Esquires Captaine John Wetwang Robert Ellison John Watson Ambrose Barnes George Moreton Henry Jennison William Hutchinson Robert Fenwicke Abraham Drake Ralph Fell Robert Wetwang Nicholas Fenwicke John Phillipson John Squire William Huntley and Gilbert Dobson Merchants Henry Kirkhouse Edward Greene John Vary and Thomas Neale Esquire.

For the Burrough of Barwick upon Tweede.

Richard Claxon and the Maior for the time being The Lord Dumblayne of the Kingdome of Scotland Thomas Watson Elias Pratt James Cattrell and Andrew Moore Aldermen Mr Elias Pratt junior Mr Marke Scott and M* Stephen Jackson Daniell Collingwood William Strother senior and William Strother junior Esquires and Sir John Fenwick Baronet Sir Richard Stott The Bayliffes for the time being Mr John Lucke Ralph Hebron Esq* Mr Thomas Dickinson Mr Richard Winloe Mr Roger Weddall Mr Edward Nelson Mr Selby senior Mr Selby junior Mr Ferdinando Forster Mr Anthony Compton Mr Robert Watson Mr George Watson Mr Edward Ord and Mr Roddam.

For the County of Norffolke.

Lord Fitzwilliam8 of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Lord Richardson of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Joseph Williamson one of His Majestyes Principall Secretaries of State William Paston Esqs Sir William Coventry Knight Sir Edmond Bacon Sir John Hobert Sir Phillip Woodhouse Sir Edward Barkham Sir John Hollond Sir Augustine Palgrave Sir John Potts Sir Robert Kempe Sir Jacob Astley Sir Edmond Bacon of Gillingham Sir Edward Ward Sir Henry Deerham Sir William Cooke Sir William Doyley Sir Peter Gleane Sir Francis Buckley Sir Thomas Garrard Sir John Pettus Sir Henry Purefoy Sir William Adams Sir John Mordant Baronets Edward Progers Esq* Sir John Bennet Knight of the Bath Sir Christopher Colthorpe Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Harbord Knight His Majestyes Surveyour Generali Sir Allen Apsley Knight Sir John Trevor Knight Sir Lestrange Colthrope Serjeant at Law Sir William Doyley junior Knight Sir Nevill Catlin Knight Sir Thomas Allen Knight Sir Thomas Hares Sir Thomas Meadowes Sir John Bladwell Sir Robert Baldock Sir William Rant Sir John Petus Knights Sir James Johnson Sir Robert England Knights Robert Coke Esq* John Harvey Esq* Robert Walpoole William Windham Thomas Holland William Cooke Esquires Sir William Heningham Sir Roger Pratt Sir William Godbold Knights Roger Potts Christopher Layer Thomas Townesend Phillip Harberd John Hobart Robert Long Roger Spilman William de Gray Robert Suckling John Bamy John Pell Esq* Francis Guybon William Rant Francis Bacon Esq* James Hobart Thomas Bacon Robert London Oliver Neve Thomas Gaudy Robert Day Edmond Woodhouse Edmond Doyley John Harboard Suckling Jay Francis Lane Jacob Peeston Phillip Bedingfield Humphrey Bedingfield Anthony Fisher Robert Houghton Robert Cony Francis Bell Phillip Bell Charles Wren Lawrence Oxburgh Thomas Knivett Richard Godfray Nicholas Rookwood Symon Britiffe Edmond BritifF Lawrence Oxburgh junior John Anguish Christopher Crow Munford Spilman Clement Spilman Leonard Shapes Edward Ward Edmond de Gray Christopher Bedingfield Nicholas Wilton John Fisher Hatton Barnards Thomas Thoreby Francis Thorsby George Townesend Gascoine Weld Leonard Gooch John Warner Anthony Freestone Francis Cory Christopher Jay Clemen Heme John Cock Thomas Browne Tho: Cory Tho: Talbott John Buxton Tho Wright Will Brantwight William Cropley Gabrell Arminger John Thurston John Lestrange Robert Wright Thomas Richmond Esquires Peter Dyamond Richard Barney junior James Hoast Rober Pepper Doctor of Lawes John Norris William Barker Henry Farrer Samuell Pepys Edmond Osborne Francis Creamer George Ward Henry Heynes Edward Beadle Thomas Bramsby Robert Suckling junior Robert Wood Gardner Hewett John Paynell John Knivett Thomas Wood Edward Barber Richard Marriott John Richmond Doctor Owen Hughes Riches Browne John Aide Henry Marsham John Mingay Thomas Weld William Sydley John Heme Israeli Long Martin Cobb John Greene Robert Doughty John Garnish Isaac Preston Hugh Harvey James Tenant William Tubbing Edward Lestrange Edward Leigh Isaac Mootham Roger Pepyes Samuell Vincent Esq* Ralph Pierson Gen! James Ward Nicholas Stileman Esqs Roger Jenings Esqs

For the Towne of Great Yarmouth.

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir Thomas Meadows Sir James Johnson Sir George England Knights George England Esq* Thomas Gooch John Woodroffe Abraham Castle senior John Hall Edmund Thaxter Richard Huntington Peter Caulier Mitchell Mew Samuell Fenn Benjamin England Aldermen Thomas Bramsby Esq*.

For the County and Citty of Norwich.

The Maior for the time being Francis Cory Esq* [Recorder1] Francis Bacon Esquire Steward, Bernard Church Esq* John Mann Esq* Christopher Jay Esq* Thomas Wisse Esq* Richard Wenman Esq* Roger Harries Esq* John Lawrence Esq* Augustine Briggs Esq* Thomas Thacker Esq* Robert Bendish Esq* Henry Heme Esq* John Manser Esq* Henry Watts Esq* Thomas Chickring Esq* John Richers Richard Wenman John Wiggott Henry Crow John Wrench Marke Cockey Ad: Paine Peter Wiggott John Low Aldermen William Helvis William Parmiter Gentlemen.

For Kings Lynn

The Maior for the time being Henry Ferrour Esq* Recorder Benjamin Holly Henry Bell Thomas Robinson Edmund Abbott Simon Tailer Thomas Thetford Giles Bridgeman John Turner Aldermen.

1 interlined on the RolL

820

29° Cab. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1677

For Thetford

The Maior for the time being Thomas Povey Esq, Recorder Sir Joseph Williamson Knight Sir John Holland Sir Phillip Woodhouse Sir Thomas Garrard Baronets Sir Allen Apsley Knight Burage Martine John Thurston William Croples Esquires Robert Terrell Warmsley Hethersett Thomas Gooch Principall Burgesses.

For the County of Oxford

Phillip Lord Wenman Viscount Tuan of the Kingdome of Ireland Thomas Howard Esq* Brother to the Earle of Suffolke Henry Bertie Esq, Sir William Coventry Knight Sir Thomas Spencer Sir William Walter Sir Compton Reads Sir William Glynne Sir Edmond Fettyplace Sir Francis Wenman Sir Litleton Osbaldeston Sir Anthony Craven Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir Thomas Chamberlaine Sir John Robinson Sir John Holman Sir Richard Temple Sir John Doyley Sir Thomas Cobb Sir John Cape Sir Thomas Peniston Sir Phillip Harcourt Baronets Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Norreys Sir Timothy Tyrrell Sir Edmond Bray Sir Thomas Tipping Sir George Croke Sir Allen Apsley Sir James Hayes Sir Llewelline Jenkins Sir Thomas Clayton Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir Thomas Woodcocke Sir John Rowe Knights David Walter Esquire one of the Groomes of His Majestyes Bedchamber Broome Whorwood Robert Dormer Esquires Charles Holloway Serjeant at Law Richard Croke Serjeant at Law William Cope Anthony Hungerford Anthony Libbs Vincent Barris John Stone Henry Alnutt Francis Martin John Clerke William Lenthall John Lenthall William Dormer William Barber Henry Heylin George Chamberlaine Reynald Bray Thomas Hord William Bayley John Croke Samuell Sandys junior George Cole Thomas Coventry William Gannocke Robert Perrot junior John Gower Edmond Warcupp Robert Warcupp Thomas Whorwood Richard Powell George Pudsey William Whitlock Bartholimew Hall Thomas Goghill Robert Knollis Henry Hall Alexander Denton Robert Huntington Thomas Wise Esquires James Hyde Doctor of Phisicke Henry Ailworth Doctor of Law Arthur Jones Charles Holloway Richard Holloway Edward Vernon John West William Oakeley William Wright Humphrey Wickham John Gunn Samuell Trotman John White Sebastian Smith Edmond Gregory James Paul Esquires Mathew Skinner Doctor of Phisicke Mr Shiphard of Rolwright Mr Blague of Coggs Bartholimew Harris John Parsons George Woodward John Wickham Robert Withers Robert Whorwood John Cary Thomas Rowney James Perrott Bartholimew Harris Thomas Clayton Robert Parsons Henry Streete Richard Stephens Gilbert Jackson John Perrott junior of Northleigh .Gentlemen, The Mayor of Woodstocke for the time being and the Aldermen of the Towne The Maior of Banbury for the time being The Warden of Henley upon Thames for the time being The Bayliflfes of Chiping Norton for the time being The Bayliffes of Burford for the time being.

For the University of Oxford

The Vice Chauncellor and the two Proctors for the time being Lawrence Hyde Thomas Thynne Esquires Sir Thomas Clayton Knight [Werdon1] of Merton Colledge Thomas Yates Doctor in Divinity and Principall of Brazen-Nose Colledge Robert Say Doctor in Divinity and Provost of Oriell Colledge Richard Allestrey Doctor in Divinity and Cannon of Christ Church Thomas Marshall Doflor in Divinity and Rector of Lincolne Colledge John Nicholas Doctor in Divinity and Warden of New Colledge Thomas James Doctor in Divinity and Warden of All Saints Colledge Benjamin Woodruffe Doctor in Divinity and Cannon of Christ Church James Hyde Doctor in Phisicke and Principall of Magdalen Hall Jo: Lamphire Doctor in Phisicke and Principall of Hart Hall Richard Lydall Doctor in Phisicke Edward Eaton Do£lor in Phisicke and Fellow of Magdalen Colledge Doctor John Edisbury Richard Holway Esc^ Robert Withers Esqv Richard Witt [Batchlour*] of Law Benjamin Cooper Master of Arts Jo: Crosse Richard Davies Jo: Haclewood William Flexney Richard Pleydall William Hopkins GenI Doctor Haughton.

For the Citty of Oxford

The Maior of the said Citty for the time being Sir Francis Wenman Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Norreys Sir Sampson White Knights Broome Whorwood Richard Croke Serjeant at Law Recorder George Low Charles Halloway John White Esquires William Wright Roger Griffin William Baileo John Townesend Aldermen John Lambe Francis Haward Francis Greenoway Wiliiam Cornish William Walker Tobias Browne Thomas Fifield William Morrell Gentlemen John Painton Towne Clerke Robert Whorwood Charles Haynes Gentlemen.

For the County of Rutland

The Right Honourable Bennet Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable [Henry Noell Edward1] Noell Phillip Sherrard Esquires Sir Thomas Mackworth Sir Abell Barker Baronets Sir Thomas Transhaw Knight William Palmes John Wingfield Christopher Browne Richard Verney Samuell Browne Edward Fawkener Andrew Noell Cornelius Burton Charles Halford Thomas Barker Esquires William Colby Gen? George Bynyon Esq> John Lord Burleigh.

For the County of Salop

William Pierpoint Richard Newport Andrew Newport Esquires Sir Henry Litleton Sir Henry Fredericke Thynne Sir Humphrey Briggs Sir William Whitmore Sir Francis Lawley Sir John Corbett Sir Vincent Corbet Sir Richard Corbett Sir Francis Edwards Sir Edward Aston Baronets Sir Clement Clarke Sir Thomas Vernon Sir Thomas Whitmore

1 Warden 0.

* Batchelor 0.

* Edward Noel Henry O.

A.D. 1677.

29° Cab. II. c. I.

821

Knight of the Bath Sir John Weld Sir Job Charleton Sir William Childe Sir Timothy Litleton Sir John Trevor Sir Thomas Jones Sir Richard Mason Sir Samuell Baldwin Knights Thomas Thynne William Leweson Gower Richard Scriven Richard Fowler Francis Charleton Charles Man waring John Walcutt Esquires Francis Thormes Francis Forrester Robert Leighton Richard Lister Edward Kynaston of Oatly Edward Kinaston of Aberclee Roger Kinaston Thomas Baudewin Phillip Prince [Somesett'] Fox Henry Herbert William Forester Thomas Owen of Condover John Wolrich Thomas Thornes Thomas Whitmore George Weld George Ludlow Thomas Rocke William Owen Robert Corbett of Bosses-Hall John Coates William Oakeley Thomas Walcott Robert Cressett Robert Owen Roger Pope Thomas Floyd Richard Creswell John Lacon William Williams Vincent Edwards Thomas Oatly Litleton Powis Thomas Crumpe Richard More John Newton Thomas Kinnersly of Badger William Cotton Humphry Briggs Thomas Acton William Jones of Sandford Thomas Hill Thomas Ireland William Hanmer Edward Leighton Edward Kerry Edward Whitcott Henry Griffiths Edward Vernon Henry Davenport Rowland Niccolls Henry Mitton of Skipton Humphrey Cornwall Thomas Corbett of Stanardine Edward Agborough Bevis [Lloyd *] Thomas Cornwall Henry Langley Roger Evans William Herbert of Wotton Robert Clowes Thomas Vernon Richard Cowling John Seaverne Thomas Smallman James Beck Owen Baron Richard Pope Rotchly Prince Arthur Ward Thomas Owen of Duntharke John Wood Thomas Jobber John Edwards of Rorington Richard Corbett Edward Lutwich William Dansey Henry Powell of Wortham John Powell Esquires The Maior of Salop for the time being The Bayliffes of Ludlow Bridgenorth Bishops-Castell and Wenlock for the time being The Maior of Oswestry for the time being Francis Smith Robert Smith John Tayler Ralph Wareing George Hosier John Whitacre Samuell Floyd Thomas Mason Arthur Hinkes Alexander Midleton John Langley of the Amies George Gough Edward Owen Roger Griffiths Richard Wareing Edward Woolaston Roger Harris Robert Vernon John Woodhouse Adam Wareing Richard Davis of Whitchurch William Gravenor Richard Jenkins John Stanniers Edward Powell John Bright Rowland Midleton William Owen of Whitby Edward Pulley Walter Bagott Thomas Hawkes William Griffies Richard Davies Richard Bradley Richard Ridley William Brigien Samuell Boudler Gentlemen John Edwards of the Heath Edward Lloyd of Llanvorda Owen Barton Morgan Wynne Edward Jennings [ Esquires5] William Crompton William Jones George Chambers Edward Owen Christopher Braine Roger Trevor Francis Harris John Kenett Henry Griffith Daniell Wicherley and Richard Lloyd Gentlemen.

For the County of Stafford

Sir Robert Shirley Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Walter Pagott Sir Edward Litleton Sir Walter Wrotesly Sir Charles Wolsley Sir Francis Lawley Sir John Bowyer Sir Thomas Bellet Baronets Sir Bryan Broughton Sir Theophiius Biddulph Knights and Baronets Sir John Whyrley Sir Thomas Whitgreave Sir Rowland Oakeover Sir Henry Archbold Knights Randolph Egerton Henry Gray Thomas Thynne Walter Chetwin Edward Litleton William Sneyd William Ward George Legg Brome Whorwood William Leveson Gower Robert Leveson Thomas Lane Richard Dyott William Chetwynd Charles Cotton Richard Congreave Edward Vernon Thomas Kinnersley Ralph Snead John Swinfcn Edwin Skrimsier Charles Skrimsier William Wedgwood Arthur Fleetwood Henry Vernon Daniell Watson Charles Agard Francis Wightwick Jonathan Woodnoth John Pyott Walter Aston Thomas Rudiard Edward Alblaster William Parker Henry Gough Edward Birch Thomas Orine William Whitby Michaell Noble John Turton Edward Moorton John Whitehall Ferrers Fulke Thomas Whitby William Trafford Walter Fowler Zachariah Babington Mathew Kellett Mathew Flyer Esquires Thomas Palmer Thomas Scott Thomas Rugeley Thomas Villers Leicester Barbour Sampson Birch Timothy Edge John Felton John Offley William Crompton John Leigh Gentlemen The Maior of Stafford and Newcastle Underline for the time being The Bayliffes of Tamworth for the time being Nicholas Parker Charles Bainton Gentlemen.

For the Citty of Lichfield

The Bayliffes and Sheriffe for the time being Sir Theophiius Biddulph Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Archbold Knight Richard Dyott Esquire Thomas Minors Thomas Caterbanck Simon Martin senior John Rawlins Ralph Minors William Jesson Gentlemen.

For the County of Somerset

The Right Honourable Edward Seymour Esq* Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons Ralph Stawell Esq* High Sheriffe of the County Lord Viscount Fitzharding of the Kingdome of Ireland Lord Halley of the Kingdome of Ireland Francis Pawlett Sir William Portman Sir Hugh Smith Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir William Wyndham Sir John Wroth Sir Halswell Tynt Sir Thomas Windham Sir John Coventry Sir Thomas Bridges Sir Edward Hungerford Sir William Bassett Sir Edward Phillips Sir Francis Rolle Sir John Mallet Sir Stephen Fox Sir John Churchill Sir Humphrey Sidenham Sir John Coplestone Sir James Hayes Knights Thomas Thynne Edward Phillips George Speake Peregrine Palmer George Horner Edward Gorges John Carry Edmond Wyndham Edward Barkley Henry Bridges Thomas Wyndham of Witham William Helyer John Buckland Thomas Warr Robert Hunt Henry of Shapwick John Piggott William Lacy the elder John Harrington [Henr4] Waldron George Dodington of Dodington Henry Bull of Midsummer-Norton Warwicke Bampfield William Strode Edward Strode William Lacy the younger Edward Clarke Robert Halley Henry Henley Thomas Strode Edward Court Richard Jones Edmond Carrant John Hunt Peter Roynon William Speake John S* Albanes Henry Light William Harbord John Prows Thomas Lyveiiham John Bayly Chauncellor of Wells William Coward George Stedman Thomas Jennings George Long Richard Morgan William Harbin William Clarke Humphrey Sydenham of Delverton Richard Musgrave Coplestone Horton Richard Crosse William Orange John Hody Henry Bridges Joseph Langton Richard Landsdowne Charles Stennings George Dodington Anthony Stocker junior John Tooker of Norton Hall Thomas Saunders Edward Hobbs John Wynne George Clarke.

822

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1677.

For the Citty of Wells

The Maior for the time being, The Recorder Maurice Berkley Nicholas Niblett John Davis John Davage John Day Francis Symmonds William Saumon.

The Towne of Bridgewater The Maior for the time being Humphrey Steer Francis Harvey William Macy John Liney.

For the Citty of Bath

The Maior for the time being, The Recorder John Bush Walter Gibbs Henry Chapman Robert Peace Doctor of Phisicke Robert Chapman John Masters.

For the County and Citty of Bristoll.

The Maior and Sheriffe for the time bong Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath one of his Majesties Justices of the Common Pleas Sir* Humphry Hooke Knight Sir John Knight Knight John Lowford Esq Thomas Stephens Esq Sir Robert [Yeomans' ] Baronet John Knight Esqs John Hicks Esq Richard Streamour Esqs Ralph Olive Esq William Crabb Esq, Richard Crumpe Esq Aldermen John Lloyd Esquire Joseph Creswick Esq Richard Harte Esquire Thomas Earle Esq William Colston Esquire.

For the County of Southampton.

The Right Honourable Edward Seymour Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons The Honourable Edward Noell Lieutenant of the County James Lord Annesley sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Anglesey William Russell Esq Sir Robert Howard Knight Sir George Carteret Knight and Baronet Charles West Esq Sir Kinsman Lucy Baronet Sir John Norton Baronet Sir Hugh Stukely Baronet Sir William Lewis Baronet Sir Robert Dillington Baronet Sir William Meux Baronet Sir Thomas Badd Knight and Baronet Sir Nicholas Stuart Baronet Sir Mundiford Brampston Baronet Sir John Saintbarb Baronet [Sir John Oglander Baronet1] Sir Thomas Hooke Sir Robert Holmes Sir Thomas Higgons Sir Francis Rolle Sir Robert Henly Sir Richard Knight Sir Charles [Lee Sir James*] Worseley [Sir Edward Worseley2] Sir John Cloebury Sir Charles Windham Sir John Holmes Sir John Biggs Knights Edward Pile High Sheriffe of the County Francis Powlett Charles Powlett Richard Norton Thomas Neale Lawrence Hyde Thomas Knolis George Legg Governour of Portsmouth Richard Lucy Thomas Gervoice Henry Whitehead George Pitt James May Leonard Bilson John Hooke Thomas Cole Roger Gallop Francis Tilney Henry Bromfield senior Arthur Hold White Tichbume John Stewkeley Oliver Sl John Bartholomew Price Henry Tulse Richard Tulse Richard Ayliffe William Wither John Hawkoner Roger Clavell Williams Stephens Esquires Edward Norton Edward Leigh John Leigh John Richards Robert Oxenbridge John Paulin Gabrieli Whistler John Deane John Smith Edward Dillington John Butten Richard Love senior Francis Dickens John Dingley Robert Gough Peter Bettesworth William Smith Richard Cobbe Richard Love junior William Stanley Robert Richvell Daniell Kingsmill John Kingsmill Edward Hooper Henry Doyley James Rudyard James Halsell Henry Bromfield junior Ralph Hastings William Pitt Esquires George Browne Henry Perrin Henry Kelsey John Man Thomas Dawse John Kelsey John Mathew Richard Richards Benjamin Newland Richard Bishop Robert Roll Thomas Edmonds Thomas Knight Francis Guydott William Goddard John Reaves of Bramsberry Thomas Urrey of Freshwater William Bulkley of S* Ellens Bartholimew Bulkley of Limington and John Burrard of the same Gentlemen The Maior of Portsmouth for the time being Richard Morley Esq Sir John Steventon Hugh Salisbury Phillip James Thomas Mills Nicholas Hedger Nicholas Peirson Aldermen of the same The Maior of Newport The Maior of Yarmouth The Maior of Basingstoke and The Bayliffe of Andover for the time being Richard Harris.

For the Gtty of Winchester

The Maior of the said Gtty for the time being John Warner William Tailer Thomas Muspratt Nicholas Purdue Edmond Fifeild William Cradock Thomas Wavell and Godson Penton Aldermen of the said Gtty.

For the Towne and County of Southampton.

The Maior of the said Towne and County for the time being Roger Gallop Esq Recorder of the same William Standley Robert Richvell James Crosse Thomas Cornelius James Clungeon Richard White Peter Guyllam Edward Richards Arthur Fulks Aldermen of the said Towne and County John Speede of the same Doctor in Phisicke Thomas Knollys Esq William Drake Peter Blake Robert Culliford Esq.

For the County of Suffolke.

Lyonell Lord Huntingtowre of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir John Duncombe Walter Devereux Esq Sir Edmond Bacon Sir Henry Felton Sir John Holland Sir Robert Kemp Sir Henry Bacon Sir John Barker Sir William Spring Sir Willoughby Deves Sir John Casdeton Sir Thomas Cullom Sir William Doyley Sir service Elwes Sir Thomas Darcy Sir Robert [Gordell3] Sir Henry North Sir Robert Brooke Sir John Duke Sir Phillip Parker Sir Thomas Bernardiston Sir Samuell Bernardiston Baronets Sir Charles Gaudy Sir George Reeve Sir Thomas Allen Knights and Baronets Sir Nicholas Bacon Knight of the Bath Sir John Pettus Baronet Sir John Pooley Sir Thomas Harvey Sir George Winiffe

29° Car. II. c.l.

823

Sir Nevill Catlin Sir John Hanmer Sir Thomas Smith Sir Jeoffrey Burwell Sir Francis Theobalds Sir Phillip Meadowes Sir Thomas Meadows Sir Phillip Skippon Sir William Soames Sir John Coale Master of Chauncery Sir Richard Gippe Sir John Peake Sir John Shaw Knights John Harvey Treasurer to Her Majesde Robert Cooke Edward Proger John Playters Thomas Holland William Duncombe Adam Felton Thomas Jermin John Castleton junior John Cordall Robert Reeve Thomas Allen Thomas Cool Thomas Walgrave Thomas Glemham Thomas Walgrave junior John Wright of Ipswich John Bence of Rinsfield Thomas Tyrrell Anthony Gaudy Henry Parker Nathaniell Parker John Thirston Giles Bamardiston Benjamin Cutler of the Chauntry Maurice Shelton William Soames Richard Norton Francis Warner Edmond Warner Henry Warner Reginold Williams Edward Hubbard Robert Russell Joseph Brand Lyonell Playters Francis Barker Thomas Dade Robert Gourdon John Southerby John Clarke Thomas Clarke William Gipps Hamond L’Estrange John Scrivener Robert King William Alton Edward North William Rivett Clement Heigham Thomas Edgar William Gooch William Gibbs Samuell Gibbs John Cornwallis John Hodges Henry Johnson Edward Mann Thomas Blackerby Robert Maldward Robert Wright Thomas Wright Henry Edgar Barnaby Bowtell John Lane Lawrence Rouse Mathew Leman John Leman Joseph Hull William Glover Thomas Goulding Francis Burwell Thomas Bacon John Breame of Ash John Beddingfield Henry Stebbing Samuell Kerridge William Guavas Francis Homey Thomas Love Esquires Thomas Avas Doctor of Phisicke Edmond Bedingiield John Spencer Phillip Gourdon Thomas Vesey Allen Cotton Edward Plumb Richard Kirkby Thomas Steward Stephen Morley John Smith of Parkfield John Lane John Hall Charles Cock Edward Bence Thomas Roper William Brand of Polstead Richard Vesey Edmond Sheppard Edmond Gardener Robert Browning of Brandiston John Brooke Paul Buckenham William Cullum Adam Budle Nicholas Bradge Joseph Beamont John Lambe Phillip Haward William Jermye John Jermye Thomas Dye John Buxton Thomas Colvell alias Covell Thomas and Thomas Rivett Gentlemen*

For the Towne of Sudbury.

The Maior of Sudbury for the time being Sir Robert Cordell Baronet Thomas Walgrave and John Cordell Esquires Doltor Butcher Joseph Wood John Cooke Daniell Cooke John Warner John Gibbon Richard Hobart Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Dunwich

The Bayliflfes of Dunwich for the time being Sir John Pettus Knight William Wood Esquire John Benefice Thomas Tookely Gray Thomas Goddard Henry Bedingfield Samuell Driver Jonas Munnings Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Ipswich

The Bayliflfes of Ipswich for the time bring John Wright Gilbert Linfield Esquires Thomas Edgar Recorder Miles Wallis Luke Jowers William Cullam Charles Wright Henry Gosnold John Pimberton Lawrence Stistead Richard Phillipps Robert Clarke Gentlemen.

For Saint Edmondsbury.

The Aldermen of Bury for the time being Sir John Duncombe Sir Thomas Harvey William Duncombe John Southerby Recorder Thomas Holland Thomas Coell John Clarke Esquires James Cobb Francis Browne Robert Sharpe Mathew Warren Samuell Husler Thomas Burrowes Nicholas Batley and Martin Spencer Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Aldborough

The Bayliflfes for the time bring Sir John Holland Baronet John Bence Esqs John Bedingfield Recorder John Burrowes Thomas Elliott John Browne Thomas Wall Ralph Rabbitt Walter Garfort and Alexander Osbourne Gentlemen.

For the Burrough of Orford

The Maior for the time being Walter Devereux Esq, Sir Allen Brodericke Knight Henry Parker Esq Recorder Henry Parker junior Thomas Hastings Joseph Hastings Edward Edwyn Thomas Johnson Gentlemen.

For the County of Surrey.

M* Sanders High Sheriflfe for the County of Surrey Charles Earle of Ancram of the Kingdome of Scotland Francis Viscount Longford of the Kingdome of Ireland Lord Hundngtowre of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir Edward Thurland one of the Barons of the Exchequer Bernard Grenvile Esq Francis Coventry Esquire Collonell Edward Villars Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath Sir Walter Saint Johns Baronet Sir Francis Vincent Sir Adam Browne Sir William More Sir Stephen Lennard Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Edward Bromfield Sir John Werden Sir Phillip Mathews Baronets Sir William Terringham Knight of the Bath Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir Edmond Bowyer Sir George Freeman Knight of the Bath Sir William Haward Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Foster Sir Richard Mason Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir Nicholas Carew Sir Thomas Clarges Sir William Hoskins Sir Allen Brodericke Sir Edward Evelin Sir Mathew Andrews Sir Henry Tulse Sir Edward Bish Sir Dennis Gawden Sir Robert Knightley Knights William Montague Ambrose Browne junior of Bechworth-Castle Arthur Onslow George Chute Christopher Buckle William Ellyott Edward Proger Thomas Dalmahoy Francis Howard George Woodroflfe Thomas Dalmahoy George Evelin of Wootton George Evelin of Nutfield Roger James James Touch Anthony Thomas Sir

824

29° Car. II. c. 1.

.1.0.1877.

James Butler Edward Gresham [Sigimond1] Sddolph John Weston of Ockham Edward Thurland Richard Onslow George Vernon James Gresham Anthony Bowyer Esquires Morgan Randall Denzell Onslow Ambrose Muschamp Phillip Hildiyerd George Smith John Thynne Roger Duncombe William Hayward Robert Cooke Robert Hatton Edward Woodward Daniell Sheldon William Vanburgh Henry Lloyd William Harvey Stephen Harvey Samuell Rouse Thomas Lee George Chute junior James Clarke Richard Heath Peter Hussey Charles Good Samuell Howland Walter Howland Francis Brend Robert Packhurst Esq Thomas Turgis Esq Thomas Jenner Thomas Arden John Jorden Esquires John Parker Henry Byne John Heather Esq Francis Gerrard William Hawkins Gentlemen Anthony Covert John Glynne John Sandis [Esq1] Giles Dunstar Gentleman Robert Gavell Richard Dalton Samuell Wall Gentlemen John Wight Thomas Bridges Esquires Richard Coldham of Downe farme Esq The Maior of Guilford for the time being Thomas Foster Esq Captaine Perry Captaine Caleb Westbrooke Alderman Freeman James Reading Joseph Nicholson William Castles Thomas Locke Richard How Peter Rich Richard Holman Joseph Colinge Richard Simms of Guilford Nicholas Fenn John Spencer Thomas Benson Henry Hampson John Bind of Camerwell George Smith late of Wandsworth Robert Wilson Gentlemen Sir Robert Clayton Richard Garth Esqs Sir John Shorter Captaine Holdich Henry Goreing Esq Richard May Esq William Salmon Gent John Snell Gent Thomas Sydderfin [Esq3,] John Thynne junior Esq Edmond Sherman Nathaniell Reading Esq Symon Smith Gent Richard Brett Esq Francis Buller Esq William Lenthall Esq Edward Ball Gens John Covert Esq John Cresset Gens Sir Edward Winter Sir James Rushout

For the County of Sussex

Edward Sackville John Tufton Richard Tufton Thomas Tufton Esquires Sir John Pelham Sir William Culpeper Sir Cisill Bishop Sir Adam Browne Sir James Bowyer Sir John Covert Sir William Thomas Sir John Staply Sir John Fagg Sir Denny Ashbumham Sir Anthony Shirley Sir William Wilson Sir Robert Parker Sir Thomas Dyke Sir Richard Ashfeild Baronets Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir Nicholas Stroude Sir Thomas Woodcocke Sir George Courthop Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir James Morton Knights Thomas Pelham Thomas Sackvile John Lewkner Henry Gowring senior Walter Bartlett Robert Edmonds Baptist May William Board Henry Goring junior John Ashbumham Nisell Rivers Percy Goreing Robert Fagg William Morley Richard Bridger Edward Michelbourne Thomas Midleton junior Anthony Eversfield Edward Blaker John Eversfield John Alford Simon Smith John Midleton Robert Palmer William Westbrooke Ralph Mills John May Richard May Robert Anderson James Butler Thomas Smith John Steward Thomas Gray Henry Shelley John Millington Walter Double Peter Courthop Thomas Beard Nicholas Selwin Henry Bishop William Spence Sackville Graves William Dyke John Browne Edward Payne John Baker senior Edward Polhill Richard Paine Roger Shoiswell Walter Everden Robert Fowle Thomas Frewen John Busbridge Tho: Pierce Tho: Collins Nicholas Townley Will: Peckham Joseph King Christopher May Phillip Packer Timothy Burrell Esquires Nicholas Eversfield Edward Chowne John Gratwick William Serate John Blacksell Thomas Midleton senior John Michell Robert Michell Bray Chowne John Machell William Palmer Thomas Garroway Richard Nash Thomas Paine Francis Mose Richard Mills Walter Cole Thomas Betsworth Thomas Palmer Esq Richard Cooper Thomas Young George Gunter Captaine Bickley Richard Peckham John Peckham of Crockerhill Thomas Peckham* Richard Young Edward [Troyson4] William Lane John Oliver John Baker junior Edward Sheppard John Fuller Peter Farnden Peter Jott Thomas Briggs Robert Johnson William Young John Cobden William Bishop John Wicks John Dyne Thomas Mums Thomas Bromfeild senior Thomas Bromfeild junior John Cheale senior (5) John Cheale junior Lawrence Alcock John Cooke William Harden Thomas Burrell of Cookfeild Gentlemen The Maior of Chichester The Maior of Arundell The Maior of Hastings The Maior of Rye The Maior of Winchelsea for the time being The Bayliffe of Seaford and the Bayliffe of Peventey for the time being Edward Cooper of Strowde Esq, Oliver Weekes Esq Peregrine Palmer Esq William Peachey of Petworth John Peachey of Petworth John Polhill of Frenches Henry Apsley John Lanford George Elfered Thomas Ellis William Elson senior William Elson junior Gentlemen.

For the County of Warwicke.

Charles Lord Clifford sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Burlington William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland Lord Digby of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Francis Compton Knight Anchetell Grey Thomas Coventry Charles Leigh Esquires Sir Robert Shirley Sir John Mordent Sir Robert Holt Sir Richard Temple Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton Sir John Tufton Sir Edward Boughton Sir Clement Fisher Sir Francis Lawley Sir Roger Burgoyne Sir John Bridgeman Sir John Knightley Sir Herbert Price Sir Thomas Norton Sir Theophilus Biddolph Sir John Huband Sir John Hales Sir Charles Wheeler Sir Orlando Bridgeman Sir Fuller Skipwith Baronets William Bromley Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Adderley Sir Charles Lee Sir William Palmer Sir Thomas Doleman SirArthur Caley Sir William Underhill Sir Richard Hopkins Sir John Clopton Sir Andrew Hackett Knights, Richard Nudigate Serjeant at Law Thomas Thynne Richard Lucey John Ferrars Thomas Archer Richard Nudigate Rich: Hopkins Seabrett Reppington Henry Pudsey John Rouse Richard Boughton of Bilton Richard Verney senior of Kingston Richard Vemey junior of Kingston Robert Somervile Josiah Childe Walter Chetwin Aden Bagott Henry Ferrars William Combe Thomas Marriott Thomas Rawlins Charles Newsham Hastings Ingram Thomas Wagstaffe George Devereux Charles Bentley Humphrey Jennings Thomas Corkin George Secheverell John Stratford William Palmer Edward Hinton William Bishop William Colemer Nathaniell Stoughton William Perkins John Snell Richard Leds John Newsham James Prescott Henry Parker William Loggins Henry Mathews Esquires Thomas Keate Gens The Maior of Warwicke for the time being The Maior of Stratford for the time being The Bayliffes of Tamworth for the time being.

A.D. 1677•

29°Car. II. c.l.

825

For the County of the Citty of Coventry.

The Maior for the time being Sir Clement Fisher Sir Thomas Norton Sir John Hales Sir Orlando Bridgeman Baronets Sir Richard Hopkins Sergeant at Law Sir Robert Townsend Sir Arthur Caley Sir William lesson Knights Richard Hopkins Humphrey Lowe Henry Greene John Bo water John Dugdale Esquires William Jelliffe Joseph Chambers James Nailor Ralph Phillips Nathaniell Harriman John Wooldrige Aldermen Robert Beake Thomas Whagstaffe Henry Smith Gentlemen.

For the County of Worcester

Mr Secretary Coventry, The Lord Follyott of the Kingdome of Ireland Mr Other Windsor Mr John Coventry Sir John Packington Sir Henry Litleton Sir Francis Russell Sir Edward Seabright Sir Edward Rouse Sir William Keyte Sir Thomas Cookes Baronets Sir Rowland Berkley Sir John Winford Sir John Talbott Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Hanmer Sir James Rushout Sir John Bamaby Sir Francis Winnington Knights Collonell Samuell Sandys John Packington Samuell Sandys junior Thomas Savage senior Sherrington Talbott Thomas Savage junior Henry Herbert James Pitts Henry Jefferies William Bromley Robert Berkley Francis Finch Edward Carew Joseph Walsh Thomas Childe Henry Townsend senior Richard Couling Esqv William Swift John Nanfan Thomas Streete Edward Dinley Leonard Simpson Litleton Clent Richard Vernon Richard Ligon Edward Partridge William Sheldon Walter Savage Thomas Jolliffe Thomas Symonds Giles Parsons Anthony Sambage John Sandys Edmond Lechmore Henry Evett William Washbourne Henry Spiller Thomas Watson William Lygon Brome Whorwood Thomas Bushell Nicholas Bamaby Francis Sheldon Thomas Haslewood Thomas Stephens John Bearecroft Bridges Nanfan Thomas Vernon Henry Parker Gerrard Dannett Martin Sandys Richard Nash of Powicke Thomas Turvey William Dowdeswell Thomas Barker Marke Dynely Thomas Foley Richard Dowedeswell Esq^ Humphrey Patrett John Newporte John Clutton William Gerratt Robert Foley The Bayliffes of Droitwick for the time being The Maior of Evesham for the time being The Bayliffe of Bewdley for the time being.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester.

The Maior Aldermen and Sheriffe for the time being Sir John Packington Baronet Collonell Samuell Sandys Sir Francis Winnington Knight his Majestyes Sollicitor Generali Sir Rowland Berkeley Knight Thomas Streete Thomas Vernon Robert Wild Esquires Richard Beddoes Henry Tailer John Bearcroft William Norris William Swift Gentlemen.

For the County of Wilts.

The Right Honourable Edward Seymour Esqs Speaker to the Honourable House of Commons Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Lord Coleraine of the same Kingdome Anthony Lord Ashley sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Shaftsbury Edward Howard Esq^ Sir Robert Howard Knight Sir John Ernely Knight Chauncellor of the Exchequer Sir Walter St John Sir Robert Button Sir Seymour Pile Sir William Estcoiirt Sir Richard Grobham How Sir James Long Sir Walter Ernie and Sir Walter Long Baronets Sir John Coventry Sir Edward Hungerford Sir John Nicholas and Sir Edward Baynton Knights of the Bath Sir John Evelin Sir John Talbott Sir George Hungerford Sir Thomas Estcourt senior Sir Thomas Estcourt junior Sir Henry Coker Sir George Speake Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Stephen Fox Sir Richard Harrison Phillip Howard Esqs Sir Francis Chaplin Sir Giles Hungerford Knight Sir Joseph Ash Baronet Sir John S*-Loe Sir Edward Low Knights Thomas Thynne George Pitt Richard Lewis Henry Poole Henry Sl John George Cooper Francis Wroughton senior Robert Hyde Richard Howe Francis Pile John Pleydall Nevill Poole William Glanvill John Hall William Eyre William Brunker William Duckett Ralph Freake George Ayliffe Thomas Bennett George Bond [Edmond1] Waynford Edmond Nicholas of Maningford Thomas Mompassion Bernard Pawlett William Ash Alexander Thislethwayte Maurice Buckland Oliver Calley Thomas Lambert John Harrison John Windham John Smith de Tydworth Richard Aldworth Charles Ralegh John Collins George Low Jeffery .Daniell Edward Goddard de Standen William Willoughby Thomas Gore William Trenchard William Hodges George Johnson Giles Eyre senior Samuell Eyre William Swanton Henry Clarke junior Giles Eyre junior Thomas Chamberlaine Thomas Hawles Henry Eyre Giles Estcourt John Scroope Nevill Masklyne Francis Goddard Robert Drew John Bowles Thomas Penrudock Robert Chaundler Thomas Pile Peter Dove John Hungerford Oliver Nicholas Richard Bowie Henry Wallis Edmond Webb Richard Chaundler John Danvers John Ash Michaell Ernie Samuell Ash Thomas Goddard de Swindon Thomas Clerke John Deane Edward Nott John Mervin William Chaffin William Norbome John Hawkins John Mompesson Francis Hill Lawrence Swanton Edward Goddard de Ogborn Abjohn Stoakes Charles Tooker Benjamin Gifford John Fitzherbert Thomas Bennett Edmond Hungerford Gabrieli Ashley of Cheerebury John Brooke William Herst John Wallis of Westwood Charles Yorke Ephraim Westley William Bronker Richard Greene John Hippesley John Young Hope Longe Thomas Harris Thomas Harris of Coleme Richard Poore John Jacob Thomas Dennet senior Francis Stonehouse Robert Foile Richard Goddard Mathew Bennett Christopher Pitt Edward Duke George Duke of Sa-um George Duke of Lake Henry Chivers Thomas Long Giles Litcott Thomas Dove Walter Perkin of Lyshill William Levett John Bigg George Sadler William Grinfield Michaell Beach Richard Hunt William Turner Edward Hoborough James Phipps Edward Nicholas Thomas Michell Mr Hancocke with the Maiors of Wilton and the Devizes and Malborough for the time being Christopher Poticar Jonathan Rogers of Chippenham Gentlemen.

1 Edward O.

to A

826

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.&.1677.

For the Citty of New Sarum.

Giles (*) Nash Maior and The Maior for the time being William Swanton Recorder Sir Thomas Mompessan Sir Stephen Fox Knights Gyles Eyne Deputy Recorder Edward Edmonds Thomas Cutler Maurice Greene William Viner senior Thomas Williams Thomas Batter Christopher Gardiner James Bennett William Smith Thomas Keynton Aldermen John Windham Esquire Thomas Harris Esqs William Hearst Esc^ Gabrieli Ashley Esq* John Stevens Esc^ Francis Hill Esq* George Vennard Esq*

For the County of Westmorland.

John [Tusfren1] Thomas [Tusfren*] Esquires Sir Phillip Musgrave Sir William Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther Sir John Lowther junior Baronets Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Otway Knights Richard Musgrave John Dalston James Bellingham Daniell Fleming Richard Loucher Robert Hilton Edward Wilson Henry Wilson Thomas Flecher Allen Bellingham Christopher Dalston Christopher Phillipson Edward Musgrave William Sandford Lancelott Muchell Thomas Gabeds Thomas Lamplugh Allen Pricker Richard Duckett Robert Bruichwaich John Fisher Gentlemen The Maiors of Appleby and Kendall for the time being.

For the County of Anglesey.

Robert Lord Bulkley Viscount Cassells of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Hugh Owens Baronet Thomas Bulkley Nicholas Bagnall John Glynne Peirce Lloyd John Robinson William Meirick John Griffith of Llanvaithley Robert Roberts William Williams Thomas Holland David Lloyd Lloydiart William Bulkley of Brinddo Conisby Williams Owen Hughes John Owens of Penrosse Edward Wynne Rowland White Howell Lewis Esquires Henry Jones Henry Davies John Price of Trevadog John Wood John Owen of Llanvaethly Hugh Williams David Williams William Roberts of Caere Owen Williams John Hughes William Griffith Gentlemen, The Maior of Bewmaris for the time being Richard Edwards.

For the County and Towne of Brecon.

Lord Herbert of Ragland sonne and heire apparent to the Marquesse of Worcester The Judges of Assize for the time being Sir William Lewis Sir Herbert Price Sir Walter Williams Sir Thomas Williams Baronets William Morgan of Threow Edward Proger Knight of the Shire John Jefferies Thomas Lane Thomas Mansell Marmaduke Lloyd Thomas Lewis Lewis Morgan Attoumey Generali Henry Proger William Le Hunt Thomas Walker Daniell Williams Walter Vaughan Richard Williams of Cabalva William Morgan Edward Games John Williams Hugh Powell Edward Powell Thomas Williams John Gunter Hugh Powell of the Glyin John Guynne Robert Lucy Marmaduke Guynne Henry Vaughan Doctor of Phisicke Edward Williams Jasper Meller John Stydman Thomas Bowen Edward Herbert Barzilla Jones John Morgan Walter Williams Edward Gwynn Lodowick Lewis Rees Prees William Vaughan Henry Powell Edmond Jones John Powell Esquires Lewis Gunter John Walbeiff Phillip Parry Samuell Pitchard William Bowens junior Richard Williams Edward Williams Henry Williams of Llanmider William Lloyd of Llandewyrcum Lewin Jenkins John Walters Thomas Vaughan William Morgan of Llangeny William Morgan of Penderen Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Brecon

John Jefiereys Esq* Rees Penren High Sheriffe Henry Sddman Richard Jones Charles Roberts William Thomas Gentlemen The Bayliffe Recorder and Aldermen for the time being.

For the County of Cardigan.

Sir Thomas Price of the Lodge Baronet Edward Vaughan of Trowescoed Hefkor Phillips of Cardigan Morgan Herbert of Havod Thomas Price of Llanfiread Hugh Griffith of Urglawdd James Jones of Abermaid Thomas Lloyd of Ruarthan Erasmus Lloyd of Mabus Thomas Lloyd of Llewydyris Cornelius Lebrune of Nantees Watkyn Lloyd of Weme John Lewis of Gervas Thomas Jenkins of Difiryn Lynod Nicholas Lewis of Pantyr-Odin John Lloyd of Killgwynne Thomas Lloyd of Castle-Howell John Williams of Abernant Bichan Esquires Francis Vaughan of Llanlery John Herbert of Gogerthan Richard Lloyd of the Mabus John Prise of Rhandir Thomas Lewis of Coedmore Morgan Uoyd of Foes-Heligge Gentlemen The Maior for the Towne of Cardigan for the time being Arthur Batman Mathew Griffith Bartholimew Young Robert Lloyd Gentlemen.

For the County of Carmarthen.

John Lord Vaughan sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Carbery Sir Edward Mansell Sir Sackvile Crow Sir Rice Rudd Sir William Russell Baronets Sir Rice Williams Knight Althom Vaughan Richard Vaughan of Jorwood Walter Vaughan of Llanelly John Vaughan of Coderlis John Vaughan of Place Gwinn William Gwynne of Taliares Thomas Lloyd of Berllandowell Owen Pristock Christopher Midleton Morgan Jones John Powell Theophilus Lloyd Edward Vaughan of Penybanke Richard Bloome Thomas Williams James Jones of Dolethothy William Bevans of Pencoed Roger Manwairing John Phillipps of Dolehaydd John Morgans Richard Gwynne of Gwenpa Richard Brett Esquires Thomas Lloyd of Alticadno John Williams of Abercothy Walter Jones of Lloyneyforten John Lloyd of the Frood William Brickstocke of Lechtunny Arthur Gwynn of Pyode Charles Phillips of Lledgaryad John Evans of Treventy Gentlemen Thomas Gwynne of Cynghordu Francis Price of Llanedy Gentlemen.

1 Nash 0.

* Tuffren 0.

A.D. 1677.

29° Car. II. c. 1.

827

For the Towne of Carmarthen.

The Maior for the time being John Lord Vaughan Altham Vaughan Walter Vaughan John Vaughan of Coderlia John Vaughan of Place Gwynne Jonathan Ockley Esquires John Lloyd Towne Clerke Thomas Jones Daukin Gosse Richard Thomas John Scurlock Thomas Bynon John Ockley Robert Lewis William Brickstoke John Williams Richard Lee Aldermen Henry Vaughan Gens.

For the County of Camarvan.

Richard Wynne Esqs High Sheriffe of the said County Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley of the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Roberts Thomas Bulkley Esquires Sir John Wynne Sir Roger Mostin Sir Robert Williams Baronets Thomas Mostyn Nicholas BagenaM William Griffith William Owen Lewis Anwill Griffith Vaughan Robert Wynne Thomas Vaughan John Wynne of Melay Robert Coytmore Griffith Wynne Hugh Williams William Bulkley Griffith Bodurda John [Wynn1] Berthaur Thomas Madrin John Wynne Tygwin Richard Anwill John Glynne Richard Griffith Robert Hookes Owen Wynne Richard Kiffin William Pritherch Lewis Mericke Robert Wynne Keselgoferch William Wynne Llanunda Holland Williams Hugh Bodurda William Spicer William Thomas Thomas Wynne William Glynne Randall Wynne Esquires William Arthur Hugh Lewis Owen Parry Richard Edwards Evan Lloyd John Owen of Varchell Hugh Owen Gentlemen William Wynne of Glanravon Esq

For the County of Denbigh.

John Langford Esqv High Sheriffe Sir John Winne Knight and Baronet Sir John Salisbury Sir Walter Baggott Sir Thomas Powell Sir Evan Lloyd Sir Thomas Midleton Baronets Sir Roger Mostin Knight and Baronet Sir William Neale Baronet Sir Thomas Jones one of His Majestyes Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Robert Agborough Sir John Trevor and Sir Kenricke Eyton Knights William Owen Thomas Powell Thomas Cartar William Salisbury John Wynne John Trevor of Trevalin Edward Thelwall of Plas y Ward Edward Vaughan of Lloydiarth John Robinson Mutton Davies Edward Brereton Cadwallader Wynne John Thelwall Eubule Thellwall William Williams Thomas Vaughan John Jeffreys John Edisbury Robert Wynne of Berthe* William Price David Maurice of Penn y Bont Edward Maurice of Lloran Richard Midleton of Chirke Charles Midleton Francis Manley Owen Wynne William Parry Bevis Lloyd Owen Thelwall Mathew Price Robert Price of Geeler Joshua Edisbury William Lloyd of Halton John Midleton Richard Midleton of Llanselin Charles Goodman [Charles*] Lloyd of Llanynus Richard Lloyd of Segroit Roger Mostin of Brimbo Hugh Roberts John Dolbin John Maesmore Pierce Foulkes of Meriedog John Price of Vanoll Hugh Merideth John Lloyd of Bodidrist John Lloyd of Gwreck Hedd Lloyd Thomas Holland William Vaughan of Bronhilog William Jones Peter Foulkes of Erriviat Ellis Lloyd of Plas Eignion John Chambers Richard Parry Thomas Rosindole Ellis Lloyd of Ruabon Edward Lloyd of Plas Madocke and Jesper Peeke Esquires Robert Wynne of Garthewinne Howell Lloyd Eubule Lloyd Robert Turbridge Thomas Lloyd of Wrexam Meredith Wynne Edward Williams Robert Holland Ellis Sutton David Lloyd Craes Owen Henry Vaughan of Glynne John Lloyd of Rossa John Griffith John Edwards of Stansti Thomas Griffith Owen Lloyd of Wickwer John Lloyd of Brin Keyar David Lloyd of Llangollen Vawr John Madocks John Ashpoole Edward Chambers David Williams Edward of Holt Parke Robert Cawley William Mores The two Aldermen

and two Bayliffes of Denbigh for the time being Edward Davies Robert Roberts Foulke Davies Thomas Roberts Robert Edwards of Plas Yolyn Edward Lloyd of Dwyvaen Robert Wynne of Llangwyn David Lloyd of Kum and Roderick Lewis Gentlemen The Maior of the Towne of Holt for the time being.

For the County of Flint

John Royden Esqs High Sheriffe of the County Sir Thomas Hanmer Sir John Salisbury Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir Evan Lloyd Sir Roger Mostyn Sir William Glynne Baronets Sir John Hanmer Sir John Trevor Sir Kenricke Eyton Sir Richard Langley Knights Thomas Ravenscroft Thomas Hanmer of Fens John Trevor Mutton Davies Thomas Mostyne Tho: Lloyd Robert Whitley Roger Whitley Thomas Carter Edward Ravenscroft John Salisbury senior Thomas Evans William Williams Ralph Whitley John Broughton Thomas Eaton Thomas Griffith Edward Morgan William Griffith Thomas Pindar Pierce Pennante Kenricke Eyton Owen Wynne William Hanmer William Mostyne John Price Ellis Younge Thomas Humphres John Salisbury junior John Parry Thomas Whitley Charles Jones William Lloyd Luke Lloyd senior Edward Lloyd Thomas Whitley Thomas Crachley Owen Barton Edward Evatt Jesper Peeke Esquires John Lloyd of Knollton John Lloyd of Wellington Luke Lloyd junior Edward Lloyd Edward Wynne Thomas Edwards John Whitley Josiah Jones William Phillips Thomas Price Thomas Hanmer Walter Clapton John Salisbury of Erbistocke William Rutter Roger Jones of Abinbury.

For the County of Glamorgan.

Charles Lord Herbert of Ragland sonne and he»re apparent to the Marquesse of Worcester Robert Lord Lisle sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Leicester Thomas Streete Owen Wynne Esquires His Majesty es Justices of the Great Sessions Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward Stradling Sir Robert Thomas Sir Charles Kennish Baronets Sir John Awbrey Baronet Sir Leoline Jenkins Sir Herbert Evans Sir John Jones Knights William Morgan Edmond Thomas Bussey Mansell Richard Lewis David Jenkins Sergeant Seys Humphrey Windham William Herbert Martin Button Thomas Stradling John Came Thomas Mansell Button Ferrey Phillip Hobby Thomas Carne John

* interlined on the Roll.

* John 0.

828

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1677.

Windham Richard Bassett John Awbrey Edward Mathews of Aberamant Thomas Bassett of Llanvithan William Thomas of Ruperra Marmaduke Gibbs Walter Evans William Thomas of Llanbradocke Francis Gwynn Thomas Lewis Richard Sayes Richard Laugher Esquires William Thomas of Danny Gragge George Bowen Jeremy Dawkins John Van David Mathew Esq* Edward Mathews of Llandaffe Edmond Gammage Esquire James Gwyn Thomas Mansell James Turbervill John Lluellin Corr William Lewis of Criga William Edwards of Stenbridge Thomas Laugher of Comely Miles Button Edward Thomas Lewis Thomas Edward Mansell of Hentlas George Williams David Evans Rowland [Dowkins1 ] Richard Jenkins of Panty Nowell William Awbrey of Pencoedd Edward Turbervill George Lucas Roger Powell of Enar Glynn Robert Bidder Dtid Nicholl Miles Button of Miskin William Says Thomas Williams John Greene Bayliffes of Cardiffe.

For the County of Merioneth.

Griffith Vaughan Esqs High Sheriffe of the County Sir John Wynne Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Midleton William Salisbury William Owen William Price Edward Vaughan Owen Wynne of Glynne John Lloyd of Maesy Pandy Lewis An will Ellis Edwards Richard An will William Pugh Lewis Owen William Williams of Glascoed Vincent Corbet William Vaughan of Caethley John Vaughan of Caergas John Lloyd junior Humphrey Hughes Owen Anwill Richard Anwill John of Comin Nathaniell Jones John Lloyd of Rhiwedog Richard Mosdn John Naney of Llanvendegedd Hugh Tudor John Maesmore Edmond Meiricke Esquires Owen Eyton John Price Oliver Thomas William Vaughan of Caergas Anthony Thomas Evan Evans William Williams Captaine William Humphreys William Humphreys of Maerdy Griffith Vaughan of Dolymelinllin Robert Price Yskeraetha Rowland Ellis Edward Wynne Gentlemen The Maior of Bala for the time being Evan Lloyd Rhiwgrch Gentleman.

For the County of Montgomery.

Henry Herbert Andrew Newport Esquires Sir Richard Corbett Sir John Price Baronet Sir John Whitterong Sir Francis Lawley Sir Charles Lloyd Sir Thomas Jones Sir Richard Mason Henry Herbert [Richard Owen1] of Rhusacson Edward Vaughan of Lloydiarth Edward Vaughan of Gwernygo William Pugh of Mathaveme Robert Leighton Edward Lloyd of Berth-Lloyd William Okeley George Devereux Richard Mostyne of Dolicostin Edmund Wareing Mathew Price of Parke Francis Buller junior David Maurice Vice Comes Thomas Corbett Thomas Winde Arthur Weaver William Williams Mathew Morgan Esquires Edmond Lloyd of Tevenant David Powell Richard Stedman Rowland Hunt John Mathewes Esquires Richard Mitton William Eyton Robert Lee John Wynne of Dolarthen Charles Herbert of Aston Esq* John Whittingham John Kiffin Esquire Edward Lloyd of Mathravall Captaine Richard Griffiths of Sutton John Lloyd of Llanavon John Williams Edward Price of Glanmahely Edward Barrett Richard Herbert of Kerrey Evan Glynn Esquires Thomas Mason John Okely Edward Whittingham Thomas Hudson Edward Evans of Rhidicarrow Vincent Pierce Evan Vaughan Evan Evans of Coome Yr Annell James Penrhyn Hugh Davies of Colfrin Edward Herbert John Bright of Millington Meredith Lloyd of Brynellen Richardus Lloyd of Cowny John Bunner Henry Griffiths of Benthall Morgan Evans Robert Owen of Woodhouse Richard Ingram of Llainedles William Penrhin Arthur Vaughan John Edwards of Llanvaire William Biggs Edward Price Richard Owen junior of Rhusacson John Edwards of Rerington William Mathews of Gwemdee Evan Jones of Little Hem John Reade of Penrithlan Thomas Lloyd of Trouscott John Griffiths of Llanavron Humphres Jones of Poole Edmond Jones of Llanvellen William Pierce of Crew Henry Blayney Edward Lloyd of Llandrinio Thomas Maurice Nathaniell Kynaston Daniell Whittingham Nicholas Wareing George Robinson Humphrey Jones David Price Thomas Davies Griffith Rohinson Charles Jones of Leighton Roger Jones John Vaughon of Mivod Humphrey Lloyd of Goetree Roger Trevor Genl Andrew Newport Morris Lloyd of Hemblasse Richard Glynne of Gwystrid.

For the County of Pembrooke.

Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir John Stepneth Sir Hugh Owen Sir John Barlowe Baronets Sir Herbert Perrott Knight David Maurice High Sheriffe Arthur Owen senior Essex Meyricke Lewis Barlow Rowland Langhame Hugh Bowin Arthur Owen junior Hector Phillips Lewis Wogan of Bowlston William Owen Griffith Dawes Walter Midleton William Phillipps William Wogun William Mordaunt William Scourfield Lewis Wogun of Wiston John Owen of Trefoone John Cannon David Williams Thomas Howard John Elliot Arthur Langhame Thomas Lort Thomas Lloyd Nathaniell Powell Richard Phillips John Thomas Thomas Bowen John Williams James Lloyd William Owen of Cameogg David Morgan Nicholas Adams Hugh Langhame John Barlowe John Mathias George Bowen Lewis John William Warren William Meare Esquires Thomas Cosens William Forde Richard Cuney Thomas Symins Morgan Vaughan Thomas Jones William Bowen of Williamston Jenkin Jones John Jordon John Meiricke Captaine William Williams Barrett Bowen John Lewis Thomas Jones William Lloyd of Trewent Gentlemen William Skirme John Bell The Maior of Pembrooke for the time being George Powell Francis Rogers Aldermen The Maior of Tenby for the time being Henry Jones Devereux Homond Aldermen.

For the County of Radnor.

Sir Edward Harley Sir Thomas Williams Baronet Samuell Powell junior Edward Davis John Davies Esquires William Lloyd Gens Robert Sawyer John Morgan Richard Fowler John Walcott Rowland Gwynne Richard Williams Thomas Corbett Thomas Harley Samuell Powell Thomas Lewis of Haepton Griffith Jones Henry Probert Henry Bull Edward Freeman Robert Cutler High Sheriffe of the County of Radnor for the time being Thomas

A.D. 16'1'1.

29° Car. II. c. 1.

829

Lewis of Monaughtee Richard Crowther Thomas Hughes Thomas Vaughan Edward Price John Fowler Marmaduke Gwynne Nicholas Meredeth James Lloyd John Valsam Esquires Herbert Weston John James Nicholas Taylor Thomas Lewis junior Hugh Powell Esquires James Becke Serjeant at Armes Jonas Stephens William Taylor Francis Richards Gabrieli Taylor Evan Vaughan Gent Griffith Jones junior John Lewis of Gladestrie Lloyd Weston Thomas Williams Thomas Griffith.

For the Towne and County of Haverford West.

The Maior for the time being, The Sheriffe for the time being Sir Erasmus Phillipps Sir John Stepnethe Sir Hugh Owen Baronets Sir [Federicke'] Hyde Sir Herbert Perrott Knights William Phillipps John Barlowe John Thomas Esquires William Williams Thomas Cousins Gentlemen Lewis Barron Balthasar Wolford John Williams Roger Davies John Lloyd William Browne John Bateman Robert Pruste Thomas Bowen Aldermen Richard Jones William Bo win Gentlemen.

And bee it further enacted and declared That the severall Comissioners aforesaid shall meete together at the most usuall and common place of Meeting within each of the said Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places respectively on or before the Tenth day of May now next comeing and the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the [said *] first generall Meeting or the major part of them are hereby authorized and required to putt this present Act in Execution according to the best of their judgements and discretions and shall then if they see cause subdivide and distribute themselves into lesser numbers as Two or more of the said Commissioners may be appointed for the Service of each Hundred or other Division and as may best conduce to the carrying on nf his Majestyes Service hereby required.

And for the more effectuall performance thereof bee it enacted and declared That the Commissioners at their aforesaid first generall meeting or the major part of them shall agree and sett downe in writeing who and what number of the said Commissioners shall act in each of the said Divisions or Hundreds and shall deliver a true Copy of such writeing to the Receiver Generall to the end that there be noe sailer in any part of the due execution of the service by this Act required

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That every Receiver Generall from time to time within the space of one moneth next after he shall have received the full summe that shall be charged upon any Hundred or Division for each perticular payment that is to be made to such Receiver Generall by vertue of this Act shall give to the Commissioners that shall act in such Hundred or Division a Receipt under his hand and scale acknowledging his Receipt of the full summe charged upon such Hundred or Division for such perticular payment which Receipt shall be a full discharge of such Hundred or Division for such perticular payment both against his Majestie his Heires and Successors.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the Commissioners within the severall Divisions or Hundreds or any Two or more of them are hereby authorized and required to cause the said

severall proportions charged on the respective Divisions and on every Parish and Place therein for the said

seaventeene moneths Assesment to be equally assessed and taxed and to appoint Two or more Assessors in each

Parish or Place for the perfecting thereof who are hereby required with all care and diligence to assesse the same equally by a Pound Rate upon all Lands Tenements Hereditaments Annuities Rents Parks Warrens Goods Chattells Stock Merchandices Offices (other then Military Offices and Offices relateing to the Navy under the Command of the Lord High Admirall and Offices within his Majestyes Household) Tolls Proffitts and all other Estates both

reall and personall within the Limitts Circuits and Bounds of their respective Parishes and Places.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe penny being the first of the said Five quarterly and two moneths payment hereby imposed shall be assessed collected leavyed and paid unto the Receiver Generall of the said severall Countyes who shall be appointed by his Majestie on or before the Fower and twentieth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven And the summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe penny being the second of the said Five quarterly and two moneths payments on or before the twenty nineth day of September in the^'yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven, And the summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe penny being the Third of the said Five quarterly and two moneths payments on or before the Twenty fifth day of December in the yeare of our Loqd One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven, And the summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe penny being the Fourth of the said Five quarterly and Two moneths Payments on or before the Twenty fifth day of March in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight, And the summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe penny being the Fifth of the said Five quarterly and two moneths payments on or before the Twenty fourth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight And the summe of Sixty eight thousand eight hundred and twenty pounds nineteene shillings

10 B

III.

Meeting* of Commissioners to execute Ad 10th May next;

may divide themselves;

IV. to set down in Writing what Number shall act in each Division.

V.

Receiver General to give to Commissioners Receipts for Payments made to them.

VI.

Commissioners to cause Assessment to be equally made, and to appoint Assessors,

who are to assess by a Pound Rate.

VII.

*£103,131.8s. 7$d. the First Payment, to be paid to Receiver General 011 or before 24th June 1677 5 Second Payment, 29th Sept. 1677

Third Payment, 25th Dec. 1677;

Fourth Payment, 25th March 1678

Fifth Payment, 24th June 1678;

Last Payment, 24th August 1678.

29° Car. II. c. ].

A.D. 16J7.

Assessors to deliver Copy of Assessment to Commissioners who are to sign and seal Two Dupli-cates, and deliverone to Collector, whom they are to appoint, together with a Warrant to collect the Assessments.

Monies to be paid to Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer.

one penny being the said Two moneths payment and the last of the respective payments above mentioned on or before the Twenty fourth day of August in the said yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight. And for the compleating of the whole summe charged upon the same and to the end the aforesaid summes charged upon the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places may be equally and indifferently assessed according to the true intent of this Act and the money duely collected and true Accompt thereof made the said Assessors are hereby required to deliver one Copy of their respective Assesments fairely written and subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners and the said Commissioners or any two (')of them are hereby ordered and required to signe and seale Two Duplicates of the said Assesments and the one of them to deliver or cause to be delivered to one or more honest and responsible person or persons to be Collector or Collectors which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to nominate and appointe for each Parish or Place with Warrant to the said Collector or Collectors to collect the said Assesment payable as aforesaid soe as the said severall summes may be paid in to the said Receivers Generali at the respective times aforesaid. And the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Schedule or Note containing the perticular summes assessed upon each Parish or Place to the Receiver Generali of each County Citty Burrough Towne or Place respectively to be by him the said Receiver Generali transmitted into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer which the said Receiver Generali is required to performe accordingly.

VIII.

Collectors to pay Money received by them to Receiver General.

Receipt of Receiver General a Discharge.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the money received by the said Collectors within the respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be duely paid to the Receiver Generali or to his Deputy or Deputyes to be appointed under his Hand and Seale whereof Notice under the Hand and Seale of the Receiver Generali shall be given unto the Commissioners or any two of them within the respective Divisions or Hundreds within Ten dayes after the first generall meeting and soe from time to time within Ten dayes after every death or removeall of any Deputy if any such shall happen, and the Receipt of such Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes or any of them shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Collector.

IX.

Particular Collectors to pay in Money received by them to Receiver General.

Not obliged to travel more than Ten Miles to pay Money.

Salary to Receiver General 2d. in the Pound.

X.

Collectors to receive +d. in the Pound.

Commissioners Clerks id. in the Pound.

XI. Persons rated refusing to pay, Distress.

Collectors may break open Houses, Chests, See. in the Day-time, calling to their Assistance Constables, See.

Questions upon Distresses to be determined by Commissioners. Refusing to pay, or conveying Goods, &c. away. Imprisonment, (except Peers).

And bee it further enacted and declared That the particular Collectors are hereby required to pay in all and every the summes soe received by them unto the said Receivers Generall aforesaid or their Deputy or Deputyes for Payment whereof the said Collectors shall not be obliged to travell above Ten miles from the places of their habitations, which said Receivers Generall are hereby required forthwith to transmitt or cause to be paid the moneyes by them received into the Receipt of his Majesty es Exchequer, And the said Lord Treasurer is hereby authorized to allow the said Receiver Generall of each County Citty and Towne respectively in case he hath returned up as aforesaid a Duplicate of the Assesment of each Parish or Place in the County Citty or Towne for which he is appointed Receiver Generall a Salary for his paines not exceeding Two pence in the pound upon the clearing Qof1] his Accompt, which Duplicate soe to be returned into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer is intended to containe noe more then the summes in grosse to be collected by each Collector and the severall Names of the said Collectors.

And it is#hereby further enacted and declared That the Collectors of each Parish or Place which shall be appointed by vertue of this Act shall upon collection of the whole summe appointed to be collected by them and payment thereof as is hereby before appointed have and receive for their paines in collecting and paying the moneys Fower pence in the Pound which the said Collectors are impowered to detaine out of the last payment of the money of their severall and respective Five quarterly and Two monethes payments, and the said Receiver Generall upon the Receipt of the whole Assesment of the County Citty or Towne for which he is appointed

Receiver Generall in case he hath received the severall Duplicates of each Parish or Place therein and not

otherwise shall allow and pay according to such Warrant as shall be in that behalfe given by the said Commissioners or any Three of them One Penny in the Pound for the Commissioners Clerks for their paines in faire Writeing the Assesments Duplicates and Copyes.

And bee it further enacted and declared That if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay any summe of money whereat he shall be rated and assessed that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Collectors or any of them who are hereby authorized and required thereunto to leavy the summe assessed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of such person soe refiiseing or neglecting to pay deducting the summe assessed and reasonable

charges of destraining and restoreing the Overplus to the Owner thereof and to breake open in the day time

any House and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seales of Two or more of the said Commissioners any Chest Trunke Box or other things where any such Goods are and to call to their Assistance the Constables Tythingmen and Headburroughes within the Countyes Cittyes Townes and Places where any refusall neglect or resistance shall be made which said Officers are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the Premisses as they will answere the contrary at their perrills. And if any question or difference happen upon takeing of such Distresses upon the partyes distressed or destrained the same shall be ended and determined by the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them, And if any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his or their Assesment or convey his or their Goods or other personall Estate whereby the summes of money soe assessed cannot be leavyed according to this Act then the respective Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby authorized to imprison the person (except a Peere or Peers of this Realme) and him and them in Prison to detaine and keepe

A.D. 1677.

29° Car. II. c.l.

831

untill the moneyes soe assessed and the charges for the bringing in the same be paid and sadsfyed and noe longer,

and the severall and respective Tennant or Tennants of all Houses and Lands which shall be rated by vertue of Rat^n Hou2m or

this Act are hereby required and authorized to pay such summe or summes of money as shall be rated upon R^t*

such Houses or Lands and to dedud out of the Rent soe much of the said rates as in respect of the said Rents

of every such House and Lands the Landlord should or ought to pay and beare, And the said Landlords both Landlords to allow

mediate and immediate according to their respective Interests are hereby required to allow such dedudions and such Deduction»-

payments upon the receipt of the residue of their Rents.

And it is enacted and declared That every Tenant paying the said Assesment shall be acquitted and discharged for soe much money as the said Assesments shall amount unto as if the same had beene actually paid unto such person or persons unto whome his Rents should have beene due and payable. And if any differences shall arise betweene Landlord and Tenant or any other concerning the said Rates, the said severall Commissioners or any two or more of them in their severall Divisions shall and have hereby power to setle the same as they shall thinke fitt, and if any person or persons shall finde him or themselves agrieved in that the Assessors have overrated him or them and shall in six dayes after demand made of the summe of money assessed on him or them complaine to two or more Commissioners whereof one of the Comissers who signed or allowed his or their Assesments to be one, the said Commissioners or any two or more of them shall have and have hereby power within Twelve dayes after the demand of the Assesment as aforesaid to relieve such person or persons and to charge the same on such other person or persons as they shall see cause.

XII.

Tenant «o paying acquitted for Amount of Payment.

Commissioners may settle Differences between Landlords and Tenants. Persons aggrieved by Assessment may complain to Commissioners, who may relieve.

Yjir

And in case the proportions sett by this Act upon all and every the respective Countyes Cittyes Townes and A||e,smcJlt ^ Places shall not be fully assessed leavyed and paid according to the true meaning hereof or that if any of not fully paid, the said Assesments shall be rated and imposed upon any person not being of ability to pay the same or upon unable,oronempty any empty or void House or Land where the same cannot be collected or leavyed or that through any wilfulnes Houses, &c.

negligence mistake or accident the said Assesment charged on each County Citty Towne or Place by vertue of

this Act happens not to be paid to the Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes of the respective Countyes as in this Act is directed, That then in all and every such cases the severall and respective ComisSers Assessors and Commissioners, Collectors aforesaid and every of them respectively are hereby authorized and required to assesse or reassesse or c# ^ re~aMeM * cause to bee assessed or reassessed leavyed and paid all and every such summe and summes of money upon the respective Countyes Cittyes Townes and Places or upon any the Divisions Hundreds and Parishes therein as to

the said Commissioners or such number of them as by this'Ad are authorized to cause the first Assesment

hereby required to be made shall seeme most agreable to Equity and Justice, the said new Assesment to be AMowmenrtobe made collected and paid in such manner and by such meanes as in this Act for this Assesment is declared and paid accordingly, directed.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his or their duty in the due and speedy execution of this present Act, the said respective Commissioners or any three or more of them have hereby power to impose on such person or persons soe refuseing or neglecting their Dutyes such Fine or Fines as by them shall be thought fitt and to cause the

same to be leavyed by Distresse and Sale of his and their Goods. Provided that noe Fine to be imposed by any

of the said Commissioners shall for any one Offence exceede the summe of Twenty pounds, and that all Fines

that shall be imposed by vertue of this Act shall be paid to the respective Receivers Generali and by them to

the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer.

XIV. Persons refusing to execute Act j

Commissioners may line them, not exceeding £%o, for One Offence.

Fines how to be paid.

And it is further enacted and declared That if any Collector that shall by vertue of this Act be appointed for the Receipt of any summe or summes of money thereby to be assessed neglect or refuse to pay any summe or summes of money which shall by him be received as aforesaid, and to pay the same as in and by this Act is directed and shall detaine in his or their hands any .money received by them or any of them and not pay the same as by this Act is directed, the Commissioners of each County Citty or Towne respectively or any Two or more of them in their respective Divisions are hereby authorized and impowered to imprison the person and seize and secure the estate both reall and personal! of such Collector to him belonging or which shall descend or come into the hands or possession of his Heires Executors or Administrators wherever the same can be discovered and found, and the said Commissioners who shall soe seize and secure the Estate of any Collector or Collectors shall be and are hereby impowered to appoint a time for the generall meeting of the Commissioners for such County Citty Towne or Place and there to cause publique notice to be given at the place where such meeting shall bee appointed Ten dayes at least before such generall meeting, and the Commissioners present at such generall meeting or the major part of them in case the moneyes detained by any Collector or Collectors be not paid or satisfyed as it ought to be according to the directions of this Act shall and are hereby impowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates which shall be for the cause aforesaid seized and secured or any part of them and satisfie and pay such County and Place the summe that shall be soe detained in the hands of such Collector or Collectors their Heires Executors and Administrators respectively.

XV. Collectors not paying, or detaining Monies received by them, Commissioners may imprison them and seize their Estates Real and Personal;

and thereupon call a Meeting by Public Notice, and thereat may proceed to sell Estates and satisfy thereout the Monies so detained. See.

XVI.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That at the expiration of the respective times in this Act prescribed ^ Expiration for the full payment of the said Five quarterly and two moneths Assesments the severall and respective Commissioners ^u^j8^roents or any two of them within their Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to * call before them the Commissioners to

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1677.

call Collectort before them, and assure themselves of Payments of Monies charged.

In case of Failure Commissioners to Very the same.

XVIL If Controversies arise in which Commissioners interested, such Commissioners to withdraw.

XVIII. Privileged Places, Fee Farm Rents, &c. liable.

Proviso for Tenants thereof paying.

XIX. Proviso for the Universities and the Colleges of Winchester, Eton, Westminster, Free Schools i Hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Saint Thomas, and Bethlehem, &c.

But Tenants under Lease from said Hospitals to pay.

XX.

Person dwelling in London in one Parish, &c. and having Goods in other Parishes, &c. to be charged where he dwells.

XXI.

No Clause in this A €t to lessen Payment.

XXII.

If Pound Rate be found prejudicial Commissioners may assess in the manner usual in respective Counties, &c.

XXIII. Proviso for Agreements as to Taxes between Landlord and Tenant.

Collectors within each respective Division and Hundred to examine and assure themselves of the full and whole payment of the particular summe and summes of money charged upon the same Division Hundred and every Parish and Place therein and of the due retume of the same into the hands of the Receivers Generali their Deputy or Deputyes of the said County Citty Towne and Place respectively and by such Receiver Generali into the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer to the end there may be noe sailer in the payment of any part of the Assesment by vertue of this Act to be assessed and paid nor any Arreares remaine chargeable upon any the said Countyes Citty es Townes or Places respectively and in case of any sailer in the premisses the said Commissioners or any Two of them are hereby to cause the same to be forthwith leavyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And it is hereby enacted and declared That in case any Controversie arise concerning the said Assesment or the dividing apportioning or payment thereof which concerns any the Commissioners by this Act appointed that the Commissioners soe concerned in the said Controversie shall have noe voice but shall withdraw at the time of the debate of any such controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners.

And bee it hereby enacted and declared That noe priviledged place or person Body Pollitique or Corporate within the Countyes Cittyes and Townes aforesaid shall be exempted from the said Assesments and Taxes and that they and every of them and alsoe all Fee farme Rents and all other manner of Rents Payments Summes of money Annuities issueing out of any Lands within Citty or County shall be lyable towards the payment of every summe by this Act to be taxed and leavyed and all the Tenants of every Fee farme Rent, other Rent

Summes of money or Annuities aforesaid are hereby directed and authorized to pay them proportionably according

to the Rates and Assesments by this Act appointed and directed, and all such Tenants shall be hereby saved and kept harmlesse by authority of this Act from any further payment of such portion of any such Rent, Rents Summes or Annuities either to the Exchequer or to any other person or persons to whome any such Rent, Rents Summes of moneyes or Annuities as aforesaid should or ought to be paid to all intents and purposes whatsoever as fully and amply as if they had paid the same into the Exchequer or to any person or persons to whom the same is reserved or become due.

Pkovided That nothing contained in this Act be extended to charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the two Universityes or of the Colledges of Windsor Eaton Winton or Westminster or any Hospitall for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colledges Halls or Hospitalls nor any Master Fellow or Scholler of any such Colledge or Hall or in any other Free Schooles or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said Universityes Colledges or

Schooles or of any Hospitalls or Almeshouses for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Proffitts whatsoever arisemg

or growing due to them in respect of the said severall places and imployments in the said Universityes Colledges Schooles Hospitalls or Almeshouses nor to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall Saint Bartholimews Bridewell Saint Thomas and Bethlehem Hospitall in the Citty of London and Burrough of Southwarke or any of them for or in respect of any Rents or Revenews payable to the said Hospitalls being to be received and disbursed for the immediate use and reliefe of the Poore in the said Hospitalls. Provided That noe Tenant* that hold and enjoy any Lands or Houses by Lease or other Grant from any of the said Hospitalls doe claime and enjoy any freedome exemption or advantage by this Act but that all the Houses and Lands which they soe hold shall be rated and assessed for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitalls.

Provided alsoe That where any person inhabiting within the Citty of London hath his Dweling house in one of the Parishes or Wards therein and hath any Goods Wares or Merchandices in one or more of the other Parishes or Wards within the same that then such person shall be charged taxed and assessed for such his Goods or Merchandices in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth and not elsewhere within the said Citty.

Provided neverthelesse That noe Clause or Provisoe in this Act shall extend to the lessening or abatement of the full summe by this Act appointed to be taxed, leavyed collected and paid but that the same be fully assessed taxed leavyed collected and paid in the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes and Townes aforesaid in such manner and forme and to such uses as herein before is mentioned and declared.

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby enacted and declared That in case the way or manner of assessing by a Pound Rate shall prove any wayes prejudicial! or obstru&ive to the said speedy bringing in of the Assesment or any part thereof appointed by this Act that then and in all such cases the respective Commissioners or any two of them are hereby authorized to order and direct their respective Assessors who are hereby required to proceede accordingly to assesse the respective summes charged on the respective Countyes Cittyes and Burroughes Townes and places mentioned in this Act according to the most just and usual! rates held and pra&ised in such Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and places respectively Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter change determine or make void any Contracts Covenants or Agreements whatsoever betweene the Landlord and Tenant touching the payment of Taxes and Assesments Any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1671.

29° Car. II. c. 1.

833

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That for the avoiding of all obstructions and delayes in collecting the summes by this Act to be rated and assessed all Places Constablewicks Divisions and Allotments which have used to be rated and assessed shall pay and be assesed in such County Hundred Rape and Wapentake as the same have heretofore beene usually assessed in and not elsewhere.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Action, Plaint Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall and may plead the Generali Issue (Not Guilty) and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the spedall matter in evidence and if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer a Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendants shall recover their Treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to invalidate a Decree lately made in the High Court of Chauncery for the quieting of Suites betweene the Countyes of Salop and Stafford and for the setleing all future Payments to be imposed on certaine Lands in Sheriffe Hales with the County of Salop and for exempting the said Lands from paying hereafter with the County of Stafford but that the said Decree shall remaine in such (and noe other) force as it did before the makeing this Act Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the severall Receivers Generali which shall be appointed according to this Act their Deputy or Deputyes shall from time to time at every payment appointed thereby give unto the severall Collectors within their respective Precincts upon the payment of the whole summe due at such times of payment from their respective Parishes Constablewicks or places within each of their Collections severall Acquittances under their Hands without takeing any thing for the same, and that in like manner at every time of payment appointed by this Act the Receiver Generali of each County his Deputy or Deputyes shall give unto the several Collectors aforesaid upon the payment of the whole summe or any part thereof due for their Parish or Place respectively at each time of Payment aforesaid severall Acquittances under their hands and seales without takeing any thing for the same which said Acquittance of the Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes shall be a full and perfect Discharge to the Collectors. And the said Acquittances of the Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Collectors and to such Parish and Place respectively and to every person charged within the said Collectors charge against His Majestie His Heires and Successors for the summe or summes of money soe acquitted.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish, Place or Constablewick shall be unoccupyed and noe Distresses can be found on the same by reason whereof the said Parish Place or Constablewicke are forced to pay and make good the Taxe assessed upon such Land lyeing unoccupyed That then it shall and may be lawfull at any time after for the Collectors Constable or Tythingman of the said Parish place or Constablewicke for the time being to enter and destraine upon the said Lands or Houses when there shall be any Distresse thereupon to be found and the Distresse and Distresses being the proper Goods of the Owner or any claiming any Estate interest or proffitt under him if not redeemed within Fower Dayes by payment of the Tax and Charge of the Distresse to sell rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Distresse And the said Collector Constable or Tythingman is hereby enjoyned to distribute the money raised by the said Distresse or Sale thereof proportionably to the partyes who contributed to the Tax of the said unoccupyed Lands.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That where any Woodlands shall be assessed and noe Distresse can be had That in such case it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Collector Constable Headborough or Tythingman by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of two or more of the Commissioners of that Hundred or Division at seasonable times of the yeare to cutt and sell to any person or persons soe much of the Wood growing on the Woodlands soe assessed as will pay the Assesment or Assesments to be behinde and unpaid and the Charge incident therunto and that it shall and may be lawfull for the person and persons and his and their Assignes to whome such Woods shall be sold to sell cutt downe dispose and carry away the same to his owne use rendering the overplus (if any be) to the Owner, Any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted That where any Tax or Assesment shall be charged or laid upon any Tythes Tolls Proffitts of Marketts Faires or Fishery or other annuall proffitts not distrainable in case the same shall not be paid within Fifteene dayes after such Assesment soe charged or laid and demanded, then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Collector Constable or other Officer thereunto appointed by Warrant under the hands and seales of any two or more of the Commissioners authorized by this Act to seize take and sell soe much of the said Tythes Tolls and other proffitts soe charged as shall be sufficient for the leavying of the said Taxe and Assesment and all charges occasioned by such non payment thereof rendering the overplus to the owner (if any be)

And whereas the County of Midlesex and Citty of Westminster are raised in the monethly Assesments by reason of the new buildings lately erected and that Offices are made chargeable towards the payment of such Assesments, To the end that an equall Rate may be made and imposed upon the severall Divisions Parishes and Hambletts within

io C

XXIV. Placet to be assessed in such Hundreds, See. as heretofore.

XXXV.

In Actions brought for executing Act, General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

XXVI. Proviso in respect of a Decree in Chancery as to Lands in Sheriff Hales, in the County of Salop, &c.

XXVII. Receivers General to give Acquittances to Colleaors without Fee.

Such Acquittances to be a full Discharge to Collectors, and also to Place, &c. charged.

XXVIII. Remedy for Parish, &c. against Land or Houses void of Distress for which they have paid.

XXIX.

When Wood Lands assessed and no Distress, Collectors, &c. may cut and sell to pay Assessment.

Vendee may cut and sell.

XXX. Where Assessment on Tithes, and other Profits not distrainable, not paid. Collector, &c. may seize and sell.

XXXI. Commissioners for Middlesex and Westminster may

834

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1677.

appoint Attestors, who are to ascertain and rate Offices, Townships, Arc. chargeable, and to return the same to the Commissioners.

Such Assessors to deliver in their Surveys signed to Commissioners.

Commissioners at General Meeting, on Perusal of Surveys, are to cast up the true Revenue of the County, &c. and to apportion a Pound Rate.

XXXII. Proviso for Rights of Peers, Clergy, Universities, &c.

XXXIII. Receivers General making unjust Certificate or Return, or setting insuper;

Penalty to the Party.

Penalty to the King.

XXXIV.

The several Payments to be paid to Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer, within ao Days after the times herein mentioned.

XXXV. Money to be appropriated to building, rigging. See. 30 Ships of War.

XXXVI.

To be completed within Two Years from 24th June next.

XXXVII. Collectors of Parishes, &c. keeping Monies collected in their Hands unduly, or unduly paying away the same; Penalty

the said County and Citty Bee it enacted by this present Pfcrlymxnent and die authority thereof That the said Commissioners appointed for the said County and Citty of Westminster or any three of them (if they shall thinke it fitt) cause two or three of the honest and able Inhabitants in the sererall and respecthre Parishes Towneshipps and places within the said County and Citty to be named and appointed Assessors who (or any two of them) are to ascertains and rate the yearely vallue and proffitts of all Offices belonging to the Courts at Westminster and other Offices chargeable by this Act towards the payment of the said summe sett upon the said County and Citty and all Towneshipps Parishes and Places for which they are appointed Assessors and to retume the same to [y9 *] said Commissioners or to such person or persons as shall be appointed to receive the same, which said Assessors are to deliver in their severtll Surveyes perfected and subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners or unto such person or persons as «H*H be appointed by them or any three of them to receive the same two or three dayes at least before the second geoerall meeting of the said Comissioners to the end that the said Comissioners may deliver in all the severall Surveyes to be made throughout the said County at the said second generall meeting at which said generall meeting the said Commissioners or the major part of them then present shall upon view and perusall of the said severall Surveys cast up the true revenue and yearely proffitts of the whole County Citty and Offices aforesaid to the end that an equall Pound rate may be apportioned upon every Office chargeable by this Act Division Hundred Towneshipp and Parish according to the proportion and summe of money charged upon the said County and Citty by vertue of this present Act which the said Commissioners or the major part of them then and there assembled are by vertue of this Act authorized and appointed to proportion and make accordingly.

Provided alwayes That nothing herein contained shall be drawne into [Exemple*] to the prejudice of the auntient Rights belonging to the Lords Spirituall and Temporall or Clergy of this Realme or unto either of the Universityes or unto any Colledges Schooles Almeshouses Hospitalls or Cinque-ports.

And for the better preventing of such unjust vexations as might be occasioned by such persons as shall be appointed Receivers Generall of any of the summes of money granted by this Act, And to the intent that the said Receivers Generall may retume a true accompt into His Majestyes Court of Exchequer of such summes of money as shall be received by them and every of them their and every of their Deputy and Deputyes Bee it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any [such'] Receiver Generall shall retume or cerdfie into the said Court any summe or summes of [money3]] to be in arreare or unpaid after the same have beene received either by such Receiver Generall or by his Deputy or Deputyes or any of them or shall cause any person or persons to be sett insuper in the said Court for any summe or summes of money that hath beene soe received that then every [such Receiver Generall shall forfeite to every person and persons that shall be molested vexed or damaged by reason of such unjust Certificate, retume or setting insuper treble the dammages that shall be thereby occasioned, the said damages to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in which noe Essoigne Protestion or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance and shall alsoe forfeite to His Majesde His Heires and Successors double the summe that shall be soe unjustly certified or returned or caused to be sett insuper.

And bee it further enabled by the authoride aforesaid That the said Five quarterly and Two moneths payments of Thirty sower thousand sower hundred and ten pounds nine shillings and six pence halfe penny per mensem amounting in each quarter of the Five quarters to the summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings and seaven pence halfe peny and of the two remaining moneths to the summe of Sixty eight thousand eight hundred and twenty pounds nineteene shillings and one peny shall be assessed collected leavyed and paid to the Receiver Generall of the seveiall Countyes that shall be appointed by times mentioned and expressed in this Act and shall be paid by the said Receivers Generall into His Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer within Twenty dayes after the said times mentioned and expressed in this Act.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all moneyes collected leavyed and paid by vertue of this Act except the allowances therein made to the respective Collectors and Receivers Generall and the usuall Fees of the Officers of the Exchequer shall be applyed and appropriated and are hereby appropriated for the building and for the Gunns, Rigging and other Furnishing of Thirty Shipps of Warr whereof one to be of the First Rate and to containe and measure Fowerteene hundred Tunns and not under Nine to be of the Second Rate and to containe and measure each of them Eleaven hundred Tunns and not under and Twenty of them to be of the Third Rate and to containe and measure each of them Nine hundred Tunns and not under and to noe other intent use or purpose whatsoever.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Thirty Shipps of Warr hereby directed to be built as aforesaid shall bee and are hereby directed to be built and compleated with Gunns Rigging and other Furniture within the space of two yeares to be accompted from the Fower and twentyeth day of June next ensueing,

And for the more effectuall doeing thereof and that the said moneyes hereby given may be applyed to the uses aforesaid Bee it further enacted and it is enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Collector of any Parish or place shall keepe in his hands any part of the money by him collected for any longer time then is by this Act directed (other then the allowance made unto him by this Act) or shall pay any part thereof to any person or persons other then the Receiver Generall of such County or place or his Deputy that every such Collector shall forfeite for every such Offence the summe of Five pounds And in case any Receiver Generall or his Deputy shall pay any part of the

A.D. 1677.

29° Car. II. c. 1.

835

moneyes paid to him or them by any Collector by vertue of this Act to any person or persons whatsoever other Receiver General then the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer and that at or within the respective times limitted within this Act or in case such Receiver Generali shall pay any part of the said moneyes by any Warrant of the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or either of them or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or by any Tally of Pro or Tally 9

of Anticipation or other way or device whatsoever whereby to divert or hinder the aduall payment thei jof into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid that such Receiver Generali shall for every such Offence of himselfe or his Deputy forfeite the summe of Five hundred pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Court of Penalty £$oo. Record by Bill Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law is to be allowed.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any of them doe not direct any Warrant to any of the said Collectors or Receivers Generali or their Deputyes for the payment of any part of these moneyes to any person or persons other then into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid nor shall they or any of them direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for the strikeing of any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation nor doe any other matter or thing whereby to divert the aduall payment of the said moneyes into the Receipt of the Exchequer nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer strike or direct or record the strikeing of any Tally of Pro or Tally of Anticipation upon any of the said moneys upon any accompt or Warrant whatsoever nor shall the Teller throw downe a Bill whereby to charge himselfe with any of the said moneys untill he shall have actually received the same.

xxxvni.

No Warrant for" Payment of Monies to be directed to any Person other than into Receipt of Exchequer, nor for striking of any Tally of Pro or Anticipation.

Teller not to throw down any Bill, &c. till he shall have received Monies.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Officers of the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer shall keepe all the moneys which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer by vertue of this Act and the Account thereof disdnd from all other moneyes and Accounts whatsoever and shall keepe a perticular Account of the charge of the Building Gunns Rigging and other Furnishing of each of the said Thirty Shipps of Warr hereby directed to bee built as aforesaid And that the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or either of them or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being doe not signe any Warrant or Order or doe any other matter or thing for the issueing of any of the said moneys to any person or persons other then the Treasurer of the Navy Treasurer or Paymaster of the Ordnance for the time being and expressing therein that the same is for the Building or for the Gunns Rigging or other Furnishing of the Thirty Shipps of Warr above mentioned, nor shall the Auditor of the Receipt draw any Order for the issueing of any part of the said moneys to any person or persons other then the Treasurer of the Navy Treasurer or Paymaster of the Ordnance as aforesaid, nor shall he direct or the Clerke of the Pells record or the Teller make payment of any of the said moneys by vertue of any Warrant or upon any Order or other way or device whatsoever other then to the persons and to the uses aforesaid and to be soe mentioned and expressed in such Warrant and Order

XXXIX. Officers of Exchequer to keep distinct Accounts;

and Treasurer, &c. not to sign Warrants, kc. other than to Treasurer of the Navy, &c.

Auditor not to draw Order for issuing to any other than Treasurer of the Navy, &c. Clerk of the Pells or Teller not to make Payment otherwise than as mentioned in Warrant.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all Orders for issueing any of the said moneys shall Orders for'money be entred in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt in course according to their respective dates and be paid to be entered, &c. accordingly and not otherwise and that the moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same order lyable to the accordin&t0 Date1, payment of the said Orders without preference of the one before the other and not otherwise.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared That if it shall happen that severall Orders for payment of the said moneyes beare date the same day that then such of them shall be first entred and preferred in payment which shall be first delivered into the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt and it shall not be interpretted any undue preference to incurr any penalty in point of payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Tellers doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that come to demand their money and bring their Orders before such as did not come to demand their money and bring their Orders in their course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie their Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Treasurer of the Navy and the Treasurer or Paymaster XLII. of the Ordnance respectively may assigne and transferr any part of the said moneys due and payable unto them upon ^M^nry lent^ may* any Order by Indorsment upon such Order which being notified and an Entry and memoriall thereof alsoe made in * aligned by the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt (which on request he shall accordingly make without Fee or Charge) shall MemorialThereof intitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefitt of such Order or Orders or any part without Fee. thereof and payment thereon and such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties and . afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignments to make void li he*mann^a^gn. release or discharge the same or the moneys thereby due or any part thereof

XLI.

Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day. Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Treasurer of the Navy Treasurer or Paymaster of the Ordnance for the time being shall keepe all moneys paid to them respectively by vertue of this Act distinct and apart from all other moneyes and issue and pay the same by Warrant of the Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy and Principall Officers of the Ordnance respectively or any three or more of them and mentioning and expressing that it is for the Building for the Gunns Rigging or other Furnishing of the Thirty Shipps of Warr as aforesaid and to noe other intent use or purpose whatsoever

XLIII. Treasurer of Navy to keep such Monies distinct, and issue and pay the same by Warrant of Principal Officers, &c. oi the Navy. XLIV.

Commissioners, Sec.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid that the principall Officers and Commissioners of of the Navy not to the Navy and principall Officers of the Ordnance respectively or any three or more of them shall not signe any ^0the™urpoae Warrant or Navy Bill or doe any other Act or thing for the issueing and paying any of the said moneys to than as Money is any use intent or purpose whatsoever other then for the building or for the Gunns Rigging or other Furnishing tfe Urert^be"*1 of the Thirty Shipps of Warr as aforesaid and to be soe mentioned and expressed in such Warrant or Navy Bill, in Such

836

29° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1677.

XLV. Auditor of Receipt and Treasurer of Navy and Ordnance to render an Account to the Commons of Monies raised under this Act.

XLVI. Officers appointed to receive misapplying Monies;

Penalty.

XLVII.

The like Offence by any Officer of the Exchequer, Navy or Ordnance; Penalty.

XLVIII.

No Stay of Prosecution admitted in any Suit for Recovery of Penalties.

XLIX. Commissioners not ’ liable to Penalties of 29 Car. II. c. 2.

L.

How *£400 per Month, Part of the 4^1,520. cs. per Month on Middlesex and Westminster, to be assessed.

How *01,120. cs. the Residue to be assessed.

LL

Receiver General or Deputy not to a & as Commissioners for County or Place for which he is . appointed.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the time being shall transmitt to the Commons in Parlyament assembled an Account of all moneys which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer by vertue of this A d and to whome the same are issued and paid and by whose Warrant and for what uses and that the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Navy Treasurer or Treasurers Paymaster or Paymasters of the Ordnance to whome any part of these moneys shall be issued and paid shall in like manner give an account to the Commons in Parlyament assembled of soe much of the said moneys as shall be by them and every of them respectively received and to whome the same are issued and paid by them respectively and by whose Warrant and for what uses

And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any of the Officers aforesaid which are appointed by this Act to receive the moneys hereby granted shall after Receipt of the said money divert or misapply the same or any part thereof by vertue of any Warrant from the Lord Treasurer for the time being or other Superior Officer contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act that then such Officer or Officers soe diverting or misapplying the said money shall forfeite the like summe soe diverted or misapplyed which said forfeiture shall be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty es Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, the one moyety of which forfeiture soe to be recovered shall be to the Informer or him that shall sue for the same and the other moyety thereof to be distributed to the poore of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Officer or Officers mentioned in this Act of or belonging to the Exchequer Navy or Ordnance shall willingly and wilfully offend against this Law or any Clause thereof by diverting or misapplying any moneys whatsoever contrary to the true intent and meaning of this A d that for any and every such offence such Officer and Officers soe offending shall forfeite his Office and is and are hereby disabled and made incapeable to hold or execute the said Office or any other Office whatsoever for the future.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That noe stay of Prosecution upon any Command Warrant Motion Order or Direction by Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be had made admitted received or allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suite or Proceeding by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information or otherwise for the Recovery of all or any of the Paines Forfeitures or Penalties upon any person or persons by this Act inflicted or therein mentioned or for or in order to the conviction or disability of any person offending against this A3.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners or any other Officer that shall be imployed in the execution of this Act or any thing therein contained shall be lyable for or by reason of their acting or proceeding as Commissioners by vertue of this Act to any of the penalties mentioned in an Act Entituled An Act for preventing dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants for not takeing the Oathes or Declaration in the said Act expressed in case such Commissioner or Commissioners Officer or Officers have before that time taken the said Oathes and subscribed the Declaration in the recited Act mentioned.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted, That the summe of Foure hundred Pounds per mensem being part of the summe of Fifteene hundred and twenty pounds and five shillings to be assessed by vertue of this Act on the County of Midiesex with the Citty and Liberty of Westminster for every Moneth of the said Seaventeene Monethes Assesment shall be assessed and taxed on the said Citty and Liberty of Westminster and the Out-Parishes within the weekely Bills of Mortality in the said County and on the Offices and Officers hereby taxable belonging to the Courts at Westminster and other the Offices and Officers in the said County or Citty and the Liberties thereof which were not heretofore taxed and that the summe of Eleaven hundred and twenty pounds and five shillings being the residue of the said Monethly Assesment shall be assessed and taxed on the said County and the Citty and Liberties of Westminster according to the same proportions and distributions in respect to this present Assesment as they were assessed and taxed by the late Act for granting a Royall Aide to His Majestie.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enacted That noe Receiver Generali or his Deputy who shall be soe appointed according to this Act shall act or have power to act as a Commissioner for any County or place where he shall be soe appointed a Receiver or Deputy Receiver Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1677. 29° Cab. II. c. 2. 837

CHAPTER E.

An Act for an additionall Excise upon Beere, Ale and other Liquors for Three yeares.

Most Gracious Soveraigne

WHEREAS a certaine Act passed in this Parlyaraent in the Two and twentyeth and Three and twentyeth V? yeares of Tour Majestyes Raigne entituled An Act for an Addidonall Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors, which was thereby limitted to continue for the space of Six yeares from the sower and twentyeth day of June in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and one and noe longer Wee Your Majestyes most Loyall and dutyfoll Subjects the Commons of England in Parlyament assembled as a further Aide to Your most Excellent Majestie whose weighty and urgent Affaires require an extraordinary Supply at this present time have given and granted and doe hereby give and grant to Your most Excellent Majesde the severall addidonall Rates and Dudes of Excise herein after mentioned And doe most humbly beseech Your Majestie that it may be enacted and bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoride of the «amp That from and after the Fower and twentyeth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven there shall be throughout Your Majestyes Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede raised leavyed collected and paid unto Your Majesde Your Heires and Successors dureing the space and terme of Three yeares from the Fower and twentyeth day of June aforesaid and noe longer for Beere Ale Syder and other Liquors herein after expressed by way of Excise over and above all other Dutyes Charges and Impositions by any former Act or Acts sett and imposed and in manner and forme following, That is to say.



For every Barrell of Beere or Ale of above Six shillings the Barrell brewed by the Common Brewer -or any other person or persons who doe or shall sell or tap out Beere or Ale publiquely or privately to bee paid by the said Common Brewer or by such other person or persons respectively as aforesaid and soe proportionably for a greater or lesse Quantity Nine pence.

For every Barrell of Beere or Ale of Six shillings the Barrell or under brewed by the Common!

Brewer or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beere or Ale publiquely [ ,a or privately to be paid by the said Common Brewer or by such other person or persons respectively as aforesaid and soe proportionably for a greater or lesse quantity Three pence.

For all Syder and Perry made and sold by Retaile upon every Hogshead to be paid by the 1. ...

Retailer thereof and soe proportionably for a greater or lesse Measure One shilling and Three pence. V * ^ For all Metheglin or Meade sold whether by Retaile or otherwise to be paid by the Maker ? r u

thereof for every Gallon One halfe peny. - - - - - - 5 L

For every Barrell of Beere commonly called Vineger beere brewed or made to be sold Six pence, vj d For every Gallon of Strong-water or Aqua Vite made and sold to be paid by the Maker thereof) . j One peny. - - - - - - - - - j

For every Barrell of Beere or Ale imported from beyond the Seas and soe proportionably for a 1 g. # greater or lesse Qnantity to be paid by the Importers before Landing Three shillings - - J

For every Tunn of Syder or Perry imported from beyond the Seas and soe proportionably for aljvj greater or lesse Quantity to be paid by the Importer before Landing Foure pounds. - - J

For every Gallon of Low Wines of the first Extraction made of any kinde of Imported Wine) .. ^ or Syder or other Materialls imported to be paid by the Maker or Seller Two pence. - . /

For every Gallon of Coffee made and sold to be paid by the Maker thereof Two pence. - ij d For every Gallon of Chocolate Sherbet and Tea made and sold to be paid by the Makers thereof) ^j.. ^ Eight pence.

Which said severall Rates and Dutyes of Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors shall be raised leavyed collected and paid unto Your Majestie Your Heires and Successors dureing the space and terme of Three yeares as aforesaid and noe longer in the same manner and forme and by such rules meanes and wayes and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained mentioned expressed and directed in the before recited Act of Parliament made in the two and twentyeth and Three and twentyeth yeares of Your Majestyes Raigne entituled An A & for an additionall Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors.

And to the end common Brewers and other persons paying the Duty of Excise may not be overcharged Bee it further enacted That from and after the said Foure and twentyeth day of June every Gauger that shall be imployed to gauge (*) Beere Ale Mum or Worts of any person chargeable by this Act shall at the same time leave with such person or persons soe gauged or his or their servants a Note fairely written of the Gauge soe taken with the day of the moneth and how many Gallons according to the Ale Quart remaining in His Majestyes Court of Exchequer such person is by him charged with Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

' 00*1 0.

c the 0.

10 D

Rot. Pari 29 C* II. 2. nu. i.

Recital of

22 & 23 C. II. c.5.

Grant of the Duties of Excite herein mentioned.

to be raised during the Space of Three Years, as by 22 & 23 C. II. c.5.

II.

Gauger to leave Note of Gauge with Brewer.

29° Car. II. c.

A.D. 1677.

in.

22 St: 33C.II. C.13. continued for Three Year*.

IV.

Reasons for this Enadment.

Commissioners of Excise to keep apart One-fifth of the Duties paid.

Auditor and Comptroller of Excise to keep distinct Accounts thereof.

Commissioners to pay the same into the Exchequer.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That a certaine Ad of this present Parliament made in the Two and twentyeth and Three and twentyeth yeares of His now Majestyes Raigne endtuled An Act for exporting of Beere Ale and Mum and every Clause Article Power Provisoe matter and thing therein contained be and is hereby continued for the terme of Three yeares to be accounted from the end of this present Session of Parlyament and from thence to the end of the First Session of the next Parlyament and noe longer.

And to the intent that your Majesde may be enabled to raise the summe of Two hundred thousand pounds upon Credit in case Your Majesty es extraordinary Occasions shall require the same And that the said summe with the Interest thereof may be well and sufficiently secured. And forasmuch as the moneys ariseing by this(') cannot be conveniendy distinguished and sett apart from other moneys payable to Your Majesde by vertue of the former Acts of Excise Bee it enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That from and after the said Fower and twentyeth day of June dureing the continuance of this Act the Commissioners and Govemours of Excise at the Head Office in London or the major part of them doe seperate and keepe apart from the rest of the moneys received or to be received for the Duty of Excise One full Fifth part of the whole Receipt as the same shall become due and be paid into the said Office of Excise by the Farmers or Commissioners of the said Duty or any other person or persons authorized to collect and pay in the same, Of all which payments of the said Fifth part the Auditor and Comptroller of the Excise for the time being or their respective Deputyes shall keepe a perfect and distinct Account in Bookes fairely written as the same shall come in, And the said Commissioners and Govemourfc of the Excize for the time being or the major part of them are hereby required and strictly enjoyned from time to time to pay all such moneys by them soe received and sett apart as aforesaid into Your Majestyes Receipt of the Exchequer.

V.

Monies to be registered apart in Book to be kept in the Auditors Office in the Exchequer.

VI.

And a Book of Warrants for Payment of Monies lent

VII.

And a like Book of such Payments.

VIII. Persons lending Money may view the said Books:

IX.

And the Auditor and other Persons to be assistant to such Persons.

X.

Persons lending to have a Tally of Loan and Order for Repayment, with Interest at ^7 per Cent, per Ann. payable every Three Months.

XI.

Orders to be registered in course, and not to have Preference.

XII. Persons lending to be paid as Orders stand entered.

Order first entered to be first paid, and so in course.

XIII. Monies to come in liable in the same Order to satisfying Lenders.

And bee it further enacted That there shall be provided and kept in Your Majestyes Exchequer (to witt) in the Office of the Writer of the Tallyes and Counter Tallyes at the Receipt of the Exchequer commonly called the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt one Booke or Register in which all moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be entred and registred apart and distin& from all other moneys paid or payable to Your Majestie or to Your Heires or Successors upon any other account whatsoever.

And that there be one other Booke or Registry provided and kept in the said Office of all Orders and Warrants to be made by the Lord Treasurer and Under-Treasurer or by the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being for payment of all and every summe and summes of moneys to all persons for moneys lent.

And that alsoe there shall be the like Booke or Registry provided and kept by the said Writer of the Tallyes

or Auditor as aforesaid of all moneys paid out or issued by vertue of such Orders and Warrants.

And that it shall be lawfull for any person or persons willing to lend any money on the Creditt of this Act at the usuall times when the Exchequer or Head Office of the Excize at London shall be open to have accesse

unto and view and peruse all or any of the said Bookes for their Information of the state of those moneys and

all Engagements upon them for their better encouragement to lend any moneys as aforesaid.

And that the Auditor and Controller of ye Excise and the said Writer of the Tallyes or Auditor of the Receipt and their Deputyes and Clerks respectively shall be assistant to such person or persons for their better and speedier satisfaction in that behalfe.

And all and every person and persons who shall lend any moneys to Your Majestie and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediatly have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his or her repayment bearing the same date with the Tally In which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant

for payment of Interest after the Rate of Seaven pounds per Centum per Annum for his or her Consideration to

be paid every Three moneths untill the Repayment of the Principall.

And all Orders for repayment of money lent shall be registred in course according to the Date of the Tallyes respectively. And none of the said Orders for moneys shall have preference one before another but shall be entred in their course according to the Dates of their Tallyes and the times of bringing their Certificates as they are in point of time respectively before each other.

And all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred in

the said Register Booke of the Receipt soe as y* the person Native or Forreigner his or her Executors

Administrators and Assignes who shall have his or her Warrant or Order Warrants or Orders first entred in the said Booke of Registry in the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the said fifth part of the moneys to come in by vertue of this Act. And he, she or they that shall have his her or their Warrants or Orders Warrant or Order next entred shall be taken and accounted the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course.

And that the moneys to come in by this Act as aforesaid shall be in the same Order lyable to the satisfaction of the said respective party es their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise, and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever.

» aao.

A.D. 1677.

29° Car. II. c. % 3.

839

And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any of Tour Majestyes Officers or Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Bookes Registers Entryes View Search or any other thing in, for or concerning the payment of any money lent or the Interest thereof as aforesaid or by any of their Clerks or Deputyes on paine of payment Treble damages to the parde grieved by the party offending with Cost of Suite.

And if the said Commissioners of Excise shall refuse or neglect to pay in the said money in manner as they are before required and enjoyned to doe, Or if any Officer in his owne person shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward every such Commissioner or Officer soe offending shall forfeite and lose his Place and Office.

And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made in point of registring contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the partie offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the vallue of the Debt Damages and Costs to the partie grieved and shall be fore judged from his place or Office. And if such preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office.

And in case the said Writer of the Tallyes or Auditor as aforesaid shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells record or the Teller thereunto required make payment according to each persons due place and Order as afore directed then he or they respectively shall be adjudged to forfeite his or their Place and Office. And the respective Deputyes and Clerks herein offending shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid. All which said Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Commissioners or Officers as aforesaid or any their Deputyes or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of Tour Majesty es Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction Order of Restraint or stay of Prosecution by Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby declared That if it shall happen that several 1 Tallyes of Loan by Orders for payments directed by Tour Majestie as aforesaid beare Date or be brought the same day to the said Writer of the Tallyes or Auditor of the Receipt to be registred then it shall be interpreted noe undue preference which of those he enters first soe as he enters them all the same day.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any penalty in poynt of payment if the said Writer of the Tallyes or Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that come and demand their money and bring their Orders before other persons that did not come to demand their money and bring their Orders in [their1] course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie such Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loan being to cease from the time the money is soe reserved and kept in Banke for them.

And bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any money shall be due by vertue of this Act after Warrant or Order entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement upon his Order or Warrant may assigne and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Warrant or Order or any part theirof to any other, which being notified in the Office of the said Writer of the Tallyes or Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry and memoriall therof alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for Warrants (which the Officers shall on request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefitt thereof and payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignments to make void, release or discharge the same or any the moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for prevention of Frauds and Perjuryes.

FOR prevention of many fraudulent Practices which are commonly endeavoured to be upheld by Perjury and Subornation of Perjury Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authorise of the same That from and after the sower and twentyeth day of June which shall be in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven All Leases Estates Interests of Freehold or Termes of yeares or any uncertaine Interest of in to or out of any Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements or Hereditaments made or created by Livery and Seisin onely or by Parole and not putt in Writeing and signed by the parties soe makeing or creating the same or their Agents thereunto lawfully authorized by Writeing, shall have the force and effect of Leases or Estates at Will onely and shall not either in Law or Equity be deemed or taken to have any other or greater force or effect. Any consideration for makeing any such Parole Leases or Estates or any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.

No Fee for providing Books, &c.

Penalty.

XV. Commissioners of Excise refusing, &c. to pay in Monies, or OiEcer demanding Fee;

Loss of Office.

XVI.

Officer making undue Preference. Penalty and Loss of Office.

By Deputy 5 Penalty and Incapacity.

XVII. Writer of the Tallies, ike. not directing, and Clerk of the Pells, & c. not making Payment

Lou of Office. Deputies and Clerks liable to Action.

How Penalties recovered.

XVIII. Payment of any Tallies first,bearing Date the same Day, no unduePreference.

XIX. Paying subsequent Orders of Persons first claiming, no undue Preference, if Monies reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

XX. Right to Monies may be assigned.

Memorial thereof to be registered without Fee.

Assignee may assign in like manner.

Rot. Parl. 39 C.II. p. 2. mu. 2.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Parol Leases and Interests of Freehold, &c. to have the Force of Estates at Will only.

29° Car. II. c. 3.

A.D. 1677.

II.

Except Lexica not exceeding Three Yean, fcc.

III.

No Leases or Estates of Freehold or Copyhold, &c. to be granted or surrendered but by Writing signed.

IV.

No Action against Executors, See. upon a special Promise, or upon any Agreement, or Contract for Sale of Lands,

See. unless Agreement, See. be in Writing and signed.

V.

Devises of Lands

to be in Writing and signed and attested by Three or Four Witnesses.

VI. How the same Devise to be revocable.

VII. Declarations or Creations of Trusts of Lands to be in Writing signed.

VIII.

Proviso for Trusts arising, transferred or extinguished by Implication of Law.

IX.

Assignments of Trusts shall be in Writing.

X.

Lands, &c. of Cestui que Trust liable to the Judgments, &c.

and held free from the Incumbrances of the Persons seized in Trust. Trust shall be Assets by Descent.

Except nevertheless all Leases not exceeding the terme of three yeares from the makring thereof whereupon the Rent reserved to the Landlord dureing such terme shall amount unto two third parts at the least of the full improved value of the thing demised.

And moreover That noe Leases Estates or Interests either of Freehold or Terms of yeares or any uncertaine Interest not being Copyhold or Customary Interest of in to or out of any Messuages Mannours Lands Tenements or Hereditaments shall at any time after the said sower and twentyeth day of June be assigned granted or surrendred uni esse it be by Deed or Note in Writeing signed by the party soe assigning granting or surrendring the same or their Agents thereunto lawfully authorized by writeing or by a & and operation of Law.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said sower and twentyeth day of June noe Action shall be brought whereby to charge any Executor or Administrator upon any speciall promise to answere damages out of his owne Estate or whereby to charge the Defendant upon any speciall promise to answere for the debt default or miscarriages of another person or to charge any person upon any agreement made upon consideration of Marriage or upon any Contract or Sale of Lands Tenements or Hereditaments or any Interest in or concerning them or upon any Agreement that is not to be performed within the space of one yeare from the makeing thereof unlesse the Agreement upon which such Action shall be brought or some Memorandum or Note thereof shall be in Writeing and signed by the parde to be charged therewith or some other person thereunto by him lawfully authorized.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said sower and twentyeth day of June all Devises and Bequests of any Lands or Tenements deviseable either by force of the Statute of Wills or by this Statute or by force of the Custome of Kent or the Custome of any Burrough or any other perticular Custome shall be in Writeing and signed by the partie soe devisemg the same or by some other person in his presence and by his expresse directions and shall be attested and subscribed in the presence of the said Devisor by three or sower credible Witnesses or else they shall be utterly void and of none effect

And moreover rioe Devise in Writeing of Lands Tenements or Hereditaments nor any Clause thereof shall at any time after the said sower and twentyeth day of June be revocable otherwise then by some other Will or Coddicill in Writeing or other Writeing declaring the same or by burning cancelling teareing or obliterating the same by the Testator himselfe or in his presence and by his directions and consent but all Devises and Bequests of Lands and Tenements shall remaine and continue in force untill the same be burnt cancelled tome or obliterated by the Testator or his directions in manner aforesaid or unlesse the same be altered by some other Will or Codicill in Writeing or other Writeing of the Devisor signed in the presence of three or sower Witnesses

declareing the same, Any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said sower and twentyeth day of June all Declarations or Creations of Trusts or Confidences of any Lands Tenements or Hereditaments shall be manifested and proved by some Writeing signed by the partie who is by Law enabled to declare such Trust or by his last Will in Writeing or else they shall be utterly void and of none effect.

Provided alwayes That where any Conveyance shall bee made of any Lands or Tenements by which a Trust

or Confidence shall or may arise or result by the Implication or Construction of Law or bee transferred or

extinguished by an act or operation of Law then and in every such Case such Trust or Confidence shall be of the like force and effect as the same would have beene if this Statute had not beene made. Any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted That all Grants and Assignments of any Trust or Confidence shall likewise be in Writeing signed by the partie granting or assigning the same [or1] by such last Will or Devise or else shall likewise be utterly void and of none effect.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said sower and twentyeth day of June it shajl and may be lawfull for every Sheriffe or other Officer to whome any Writt or Precept is or shall be directed at the Suite of any person or persons of for and upon any Judgement Statute or Recognizance hereafter to be made or had, to doe make and deliver Execution unto the partie in that behalfe sueing of all such Lands Tenements Re&ories Tythes Rents and Hereditaments as any other person or persons be in any manner of wise seised or possessed [or hereafter shall be seised or possessed1] in Trust for him against whome Execution is soe sued like as the Sheriffe or other Officer might or ought to have done if the said partie against whome Execution hereafter shall be soe sued had beene seised of such Lands Tenements Re&ories Tythes Rents or other Hereditaments of such Estate as they be seized of in Trust for him at the time of the said Execution sued. Which Lands Tenements Re&ories Tythes Rents and other Hereditaments by force and vertue of such Execution shall accordingly be held and enjoyed freed and discharged from all Incumbrances* of such person or persons as shall be soe seised or possessed in Trust for the person against whome such Execution shall be sued. And if any Cestuy que Trust hereafter shall dye leaveing a Trust in Fee simple to descend to his Heire, there, and in every such case such

29° Car. II. c. 3.

841

Trust shall be deemed and taken and is hereby declared to be Assetts by descent and the Heire shall be lyable to and chargeable with the Obligation of his Auncestors for and by reason of such Assetts as fully and amply as he might or ought to have beene if the Estate in Law had descended to him in possession in like manner as the Trust descended, Any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That noe Heire that shall become chargeable by reason of any Estate or Trust made Assetts in his hands by this Law shall by reason of any kinde of Plea or confession of the Action or suffering Judgement by Nient dedire or any other matter bee chargeable to pay the Condemnation out of his owne Estate but Execution shall be sued of the whole Estate soe made Assetts in his hands by descent in whose hands soever it shall come after the Writt purchased in the same manner as it is to be at and by the Common Law where the Heire at Law pleading a true Plea Judgement is prayed against him thereupon. Any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the amendment of the Law in the particulars following Bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That from henceforth any Estate per auter vie shall be deviseable by a Will in writeing signed by the party soe deviseing the same or by some other person in his presence and by his expresse directions attested and subscribed in the presence of the Devisor by three or more Witnesses, and if noe such Devise thereof be made the same shall be chargeable in the hands of the Heire if it shall come to him by reason of a speciall Occupancy as Assetts by descent as in case of Lands in Fee simple And in case there be noe speciall Occupant thereof it shall goe to the Executors or Administrators of the parde that had the Estate thereof by vertue of the Grant and shall be Assetts in their hands.

And whereas it hath beene found mischievous that Judgements in the Kings Courts at Westminster doe many times relate to the first day of the Terme whereof they are entred or to the day of the Retume of the Originall or filemg the Baile and binde the Defendants Lands from that time although in trueth they were acknowledged or suffered and signed in the Vacation time after the said Terme whereby many times Purchasers finde themselves agrieved Bee it enacted by the authoride aforesaid That from and after the said foure and twentyeth day of June any Judge or Officer of any of his Majestyes Courts of Westminster that shall signe any Judgements shall at the signeing of the same without Fee for doeing the same sett downe the day of the moneth and yeare of his soe doeing upon the Paper Booke Dockett or Record which he shall signe which day of the moneth and yeare shall be alsoe entred upon the Maigent of the Roll of the Record where the said Judgement shall be entred.

And bee it enacted That such Judgements as against Purchasers bona fide for valueable consideration of Lands Tenements or Hereditaments to be charged thereby shall in consideration of Law be Judgements onely from such time as they shall be soe signed and shall not relate to the first day of the Terme whereof they are entred or the day of the Returne of the Originall or fileing the Baile Any Law, Usage or Course of any Court to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said sower and twentyeth day of June noe Writt of Fieri facias or other Writt of Execution shall binde the Property of the Goods against whome such Writt of Execution is sued forth but from the time that such Writt shall be delivered to the Sheriffe Under Sheriffe or Coroners to be executed, And for the better manifestation of the said time the Sheriffe Under Sheriffe and Coroners their Deputyes and Agents shall upon the receipt of any such Writt (without Fee for doeing the same) endorse upon the backe thereof the day of the moneth [or*] yeare whereon he or they received the same.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said sower and twentyeth day of June noe Contract for the Sale of any Goods Wares or Merchandises for the price of ten pounds Sterling

or upwards shall be allowed to be good except the Buyer shall accept part of the Goods soe sold and actually

receive the same or give some thing in earnest to bind the bargaine or in part of payment, or that some Note or Memorandum in writeing of the said bargaine be made and signed by the partyes to be charged by such Contract or their Agents thereunto lawfully authorized.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the day of the moneth and yeare of the Enrollment of the Recognizances shall be sett downe in the Margent of the Roll where the said Recognizances are enrolled, and that from and after the said sower and twentyeth day of June noe Recognizance shall binde any Lands Tenements or Hereditaments in the hands of any Purchasor bona fide and for valueable consideration but from the time of

such Enrollment, Any Law Usage or Course of any Court to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And for prevention of fraudulent Practices in setting up Nuncupative Wills which have beene the occasion of much Perjury Bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the aforesaid sower and twentyeth day of June noe Nuncupative Will shall be good where the Estate thereby bequeathed shall exceede the value of thirty pounds that is not proved by the Oathes of three Wittnesses (at the least) that were present at the makeing thereof, nor unlesse it be proved that the Testator at the time of pronounceing the same did bid the persons present or some of them beare wittnesse that such was his Will or to that effect, nor unlesse such Nuncupative

1 and 0.

io E

XI.

But Heir shall not by reason thereof become chargeable of his own Estate.

XII. Estates pur auter vie devisable; and to be Assets in the Hands of the Heir j

and where no special Occupant, to go to Executors.

XIII.

Recital of Mischiefs arising from the Relation of Judgments to the First Day of the Term, &c.

The Day of signing any Judgment to be entered on the Margin of the Roll without Fee:

XIV. And such Judgments as against Purchasers shall relate to such time only.

XV.

Writs of Execution to bind the Property of Goods but from the time of their Delivery to the Officer.

XVI.

In what Cases only Contrails for Sales of Goods for j£ro or more to be binding.

XVII.

The Day of Enrolment of Recognizances to be set down ; and Lands in the Handsof Purchasers bound from that time only.

XVIII.

No Nuncupative Will good where Estate exceed jf 30 in Value;

unless proved by Three Witnesses on Oath, and made

29° Car. II. c. 3, 4.

A.D. 1677.

in last Sickness of Testator, and where he had been resident Ten Days or more; Exception.

XIX.

No Testimony to be received after Six Months. Exception.

XX. Probates of Nuncupative Wills.

XXI.

In what Cases only Wills of Personal Estate may be revoked or altered by Parol.

XXII. Proviso for Soldiers and Mariners Wills.

XXIII. Proviso for the Jurisdiction of Courts granting Probate.

XXIV.

22 & 2$ C.II. c.10. Husbands not compellable to make Distribution of the Personal Estates of their Wives.

Rot. Parl. 29 C.II. p.2. nu. 3.

Reasons for passing

thisAa. 6

Commissioners

named.

Will were made in the time of the last sicknesse of the deceased and in the House of his or her habitation or dwelling or where he or she hath beene resident for the space of ten dayes or more next before the makeing of such Will except where such person was surprized or taken sick being from his owne home and dyed before he returned to the place of his or her dwelling.

And bee it further enacted That after six monethes passed after the speaking of the pretended Testamentary

words noe Testimony shall be received to prove any Will Nuncupative except the said Testimony or the substance

thereof were committed to writeing within six dayes after the makeing of the said Will.

And bee it further enacted That noe Letters Testamentary or Probate of any Nuncupative Will shall passe the Seale of any Court till fowerteene dayes at the least after the decease of the Testator be fully expired. Nor shall any Nuncupative Will be at any time received to be proved unlesse Processe have first issued to call in the Widow or next of kindred to the deceased to the end they may contest the same if they please.

And bee it further enacted That noe Will in writeing concerning any Goods or Chattells or Personall Estate

shall be repealed nor shall any Clause Devise or Bequest therein be altered or changed by any Words or Will

by word of mouth onely except the same be in the life of the Testator committed to writeing and after the writeing thereof read unto the Testator and allowed by him and proved to be soe done by three Wittnesses at the least.

Provided alwayes That notwithstanding this Act any Soldier being in actuall Military Service or any Marriner or Seaman being at Sea may dispose of his Moveables, Wages and Personall Estate as he or they might have done before the makeing of this Act.

And it is hereby declared That nothing in this Act shall extend to alter or change the Jurisdiction or Right of Probate of Wills concerning Personall Estates but that the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury and other Ecclesiasticall Courts and other Courts haveing Right to the Probate of such Wills shall retaine the same Right and Power as they had before in every respect subject neverthelesse to the Rules and Directions of this Act.

And for the explaining one Act of this present Parlyament entituled An Act for the better setleing of Intestates Estates Bee it declared by the authority aforesaid That neither the said Act nor any thing therein contained shall be construed to extend to the Estates of Feme-Coverts that shall dye Intestate, but that their Husbands may demand and have Administration of their Rights Credits and other Personall Estates and recover and enjoy the same as they might have done before the makeing of the said Act.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for erecting a Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses burnt and demolished by the late

dreadfull Fire in Southwarke.

FORASMUCH as great part of the Houses within the antient Burrough of Southwarke by reason of a sudden and lamentable lire therein happening on or about the six and twentyeth day of May last past were consumed and burned downe or otherwise destroyed demolished or defaced by reason whereof many Suites and Controversies are arisen and more dayly are likely to arise betweene the Proprietors Tenants Under Tenants or late Occupiers for and concerning the repairing rebuilding and payment of Rents who are not relievable therein in any ordinary course of Law insoemuch that if the same should not be speedily determined many of the late Inhabitants must be ruined and the rebuilding much obstructed. And for that it is just that every one concerned should beare a proportionable share in the losse according to their severall Interests wherein in respect of the multitude of Cases varying in their severall circumstances noe certaine general! Rule can be prescribed. And whereas many Tenants and Under Tenants late Occupyers of the said Houses for the continuance of their Trade and to encourage the rebuilding have built up and finished severall Houses of much better use and ornament then ever the same were before depending upon the Justice of the Nation for an Act of Parliament to be passed for determination of the Premisses and encouragement of Builders according to many late Examples in Cases of like Calamity. Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same That the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas and the Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the time being The Lord Maior of London and the Recorder for the time being and every ^Alderman who hath heretofore borne the State and Dignity of Lord Maior of London The Steward of Southwarke for the time being Francis Viscount Longford Sir Francis Vincent Baronet Sir Adam Browne Baronet Sir William More Baronet Sir Edmond Bowyer Knight Sir William Haward Knight Sir Nicholas Carew Knight Arthur Onslow Esquire George

29° Car. II. c.4.

843

B

Evelyn Esq* Roger James Esquire Thomas Dalmahoy Esqs George Woodroffe Esqs William Eliot Eaq* Roger

Duncombe Esqs Thomas Turges Esqs Thomas Barker James Reading Richard Howe Peter Rich John Freeman

and John Applebee Esquires or any five or more of them whereof one of the said Justices or Barons to be one

at the same time and place assembled shall be and by authority of these Presents are made and constituted a

Court of Record and shall and may with or without adjournment from time to time summarily and without the Their Power

Formalityes of Proceedings used in Courts of Law or Equity by Verdict Testimony of Wittnesses upon Oath

Examination of partyes interested or by all or any of the said wayes or otherwise at their discretions shall and

are hereby authorized from time to time to heare and determine all differences and demands whatsoever which

have arisen or may any wise arise betweene Landlords Proprietors Tenants Lessees Under tenants or late Occupiers

of any of the said Houses or Buildings with their Appurtenances or the Yards or Grounds thereunto belonging

in or of any person or persons haveing or claiming any Estate Right Title or Interest in Law or Equity, Charge

or Incumbrance of or in the same or their or any of their Heires Executors Administrators Successors or Assignes

or any other person or persons for touching or concerning the repairing building or not building of the said Houses

and Buildings Yards and Grounds or for or concerning the payment defalcation apportioning or abateing any Rent

or Rents (other then Arreares of Rent onely due on or before the five and twentyeth day of March one thousand

six hundred seaventy and six) or for or touching any Covenant Condition or Penalty relateing thereunto or for or

touching or concerning the prefixing or limitting of any time for such Repaires or new Buildings or any Rate or

Contribution to be borne or paid thereunto by any person or persons Bodyes politique or corporate interested in

the Premisses and all Incidents relateing thereunto, and that the definitive Order of the said Court as aforesaid

shall be finall as well betweene the said partyes their Heires Executors Administrators Successors and Assignes and

all claiming by from or under them as touching the matters contained in such Orders or Decrees as alsoe against

all persons claiming or hereafter to daime any Right Title or Interest in or unto the said Premisses by vertue of

any Claime or Demand precedent to the said Orders or Decrees from which there shall be noe Appeale or Review

otherwise then is hereafter expressed.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Justices and Barons and other persons abovenamed or any five or more of them as aforesaid shall have authorise and are hereby impowered where they shall judge it convenient to order the surrendring increasing abridgeing ceasing determining or chargeing of any Estates in the Premisses or to order new or longer Leases or Estates to be made of any the Premisses by the Proprietors or Owners thereof or other person or persons interested therein to any Tenant or Subtenant or late Occupyer of the same their Executors Administrators Successors or Assignes or any other person or persons who shall undertake to be the Builder in case the Tenant or Occupier shall refuse at such Rent or Fine as they shall judge fitt, all which Orders or Decrees according to the Tenors thereof shall be obeyed by all persons concerned therein respectively and shall conclude and binde them their Heires Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes respectively notwithstanding any disability in respect of Coverture Infancy Nonsanity of Memory Estates Taile in Possession Reversion or Remainder or in Right of the Church or other Corporations or otherwise and that Infants Feme Coverts Ideots Persons of non-sane memory or beyond the Seas Tenants in Taile or in Remainder Bishops Deanes and Chapters Ecclesiasticall persons or other Bodyes Naturall or any way incorporated their Heires Executors Administrators Successors or Assignes and all other person and persons whatsoever their Heires and Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes shall be bound and concluded by such respective Order or Orders according to the Tenour or Purport thereof Any Law Statute or Custome or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.

Justices, See. may increase or abridge Estates, and order new and longer Leases, kc.

Their Decrees to be binding and conclusive on Infants, Feme Coverts, &c.

And for the better enableing the said Court to proceede with effect in the said Causes Bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That upon the Petition or Complaint made to the said Court in writeing by any person or persons Bodyes pollitique or corporate any [wayes1] concerned in the Premisses That it shall and may be lawfull for any three of the said Justices and Barons and persons abovenamed whether then sitting in Court or out of Court to grant Summons in Writeing to be directed to the party or partyes therein mentioned and alsoe to any Wittnesse or Wittnesses to be and appeare before the said Court at a day therein to be prefixed the Service whereof in such manner and forme as is usually allowed to be a good Service in cases of Subpena shall be accounted to be a good Service in the Cases aforesaid, and that upon appearance or default of any person or persons Bodyes pollitique or corporate interested in any manner as aforesaid upon Oath thereof made before the said Court, the same Court shall and may notwithstanding proceede to the determination of such Controversy or Demand Saveing alwayes that when any person or persons soe to be summoned at the time of the issueing of such Summons shall be beyond the Seas or cannot be found to be summoned. that noe proceedings shall be thereupon had untill after six moneths then next following, and then (Oath tbeing made of endeavouring to serve the said Summons) the said Court shall and may proceede as if the said partie had beene actually summoned unlesse the said person or persons soe absent upon a new Summons after his or their retume or being found shall sooner appeare.

III.

Their Summons of Parties and Witnesses how to be granted

and how to be served;

upon Appearance or Default, may proceed to determine.

If Persons cannot

be found to be summoned, no Proceedings till after Six Months

Proviso.

And bee it further enacted That in case the Proprietors and Owners and other persons interested of and in Tofts of Owners

the Houses burned or demolished by or by reason of the said Fire or their Assignes shall not within the space ^y^g ]£cthin

of two yeares after the five and twentyeth day of March next ensueing lay the Foundations of their Houses to be may be disposed of

to such as will build*

way 0.

844

29° Car. II. c. 4.

A.D. 1677.

SalUfaction to the Proprietors.

Default or Disability to accept such Satisfaction j

assessed by a Jury.

Payment of Satisfaction, or if refused. Persons refusing barred.

V.

Decrees made by fewer than Seven, and excepted to within Thirty Days, may be reversed or altered by any Seven or more, &c.

VI. Appeals to be determined within Six Months.

VII.

Orders and Decrees effectual, and to conclude aliPersons.

No Writ of Error or Certiorari.

VIII. Judgments and% Decrees to be entered.

Books to be kept by Town Clerk of London.

Continuance of A&.

IX.

Oath by Judges of the Court.

Tcbuilt and shall not within the time to be limitted by the said Court rebuild and finish the same that upon such default the said Court shall have power and authority by their Order and Decree to dispose of such Tofts and of the Houses soe begunne to be rebuilt and of the Soile thereof and of all Ground belonging thereunto to such person or persons as will rebuild the same their Heires and Assignee and that the said Court shall and may award what summe and summes of money or satisfaction the person who undertakes to be the Rebuilder shall give for the same to the Proprietor or' Proprietors Owner or Owners or other person or persons Bodyes Politique or Corporate their Heires Successors or Assignes makeing such default according to his and their respective Estate and Interest in the same, and in case the person or persons Bodyes Pollitique or Corporate makeing such default will not, or through any disability by Nonage Coverture especiall Intaile or other Impediment cannot accept thereof the said Court are hereby impowered by their Warrant directed to the Cheife BaylifFe of the said Bprrough of Southwarke to impannell and summon a Jury before them which Jury upon their Oathes to be administred by the said Court shall assesse such Recompence and Satisfaction as they shall thinke fitt to be awarded and paid unto the person or persons Bodyes Pollitique and Corporate makeing default as aforesaid according to their severall Interests by the person who undertakes to be the Rebuilder and upon payment of the said Recompence soe to be awarded or in case of refusall upon tender thereof the said person or persons Bodyes Pollitick and Corporate makeing default in rebuilding as aforesaid his and their Heires Successors and Assignes and all others shall be for ever barred and the said Houses to be rebuilt and the Soile and the Ground thereunto belonging so assigned by the said Court unto the Undertaker to rebuild as aforesaid shall for ever be and remaine to the said Rebuilder his Heires and Assignes for ever in such manner as the said Court shall have assigned adjudged and decreed the same.

And bee it alsoe enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That where any such Order and Decree as aforesaid shall be made by a lesser number of the said Justices and Barons and other the persons above named and authorized then seaven it shall be lawfull for any person agrieved by such Order and Decree to present his Exceptions to the same in writeing within thirty dayes next after any such Order and Decree made to one of the Justices of the Courts of Kings Bench or Common Pleas or the Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer for the time being and if one of them shall subscribe thereunto that he finds probable cause of Complaint then it shall bee lawfull to and for any seaven or more of the said Justices and Barons and persons above named (other then such who made the same Order and Decree) sitting together at the same time and place to review the same Order and Decree and to reverse affirme inlarge diminish or otherwise alter any such Order and Decree as in their Judgements they shall thinke fitt or otherwise to award Costs against such Appellants for their unjust Complaint to be recovered as herein after is expressed.

Provided alwayes That such Appeales be fully finished and determined within the space of six moneths next following after the delivery of such Exceptions as aforesaid or otherwise the same Appeale shall stand discontinued and the first Order and Decree to remaine in force.

And for the better satisfaction of Builders Purchasers and others concerned it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every Judgement Order and Decree to be made as aforesaid shall be good and effectuall both in Law and Equity to all intents and purposes and shall be obeyed by all persons concerned therin and shall binde and conclude all persons Bodyes Corporate or Politicke notwithstanding any disability matter or thing to the contrary, And all such Builders and persons interested shall hold and enjoy their Estates Termes and Interests soe decreed according to the tenour of such Order and Decree notwithstanding any other Estate Right Title or Interest in Law or Equity Trust Charge or other Incumbrance whatsoever, and that noe Writt of Error or Certiorari shall be admitted or allowed for the reversall or removeall of the same.

And for preservation of the same Judgements Orders and Decrees for the use of this and future Ages Bee it further enacted That the said Judgements Orders and Decrees shall be fairely entred into one or more Bookes of Parchment and be subscribed with the names of the persons that made the same And that the said Booke or Bookes (after the finishing thereof) be delivered to the Towne-Clerke of the Citty of London to be safely by him kept amongst the Records and Evidences of the said Citty of London and there all persons therein concerned may have liberty to peruse the same from time to time and take Copyes thereof as occasion shall require, And that the powers and authorities given to the said Court by this A & shall continue for the space of three yeares to be accompted from the said five and twentyeth day of March and noe longer.

Provided alwayes and it is hereby enacted That all and every person and persons abovenamed hereby constituted Judges of the said Court (other then the said Justices of the one Bench and of the other and Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer) before they execute any of the powers or authorityes in this Act mentioned shall take this Oath following before the Lord Maior of London for the time being, which he is hereby impowered to administer (videlicet)

J Doe hereby sweare That I will justly and truely execute the Powers and Authorityes in this Act contained and according to the best of my knowledge without Favour or Affection to any of the Partyes concerned

Soe helpe me God.

A.D. 1677.

29° Car. II. c. 4.

845

And that the said persons soe constituted or any five or more of them after they have taken the said Oath shall and are hereby impowered to administer the same to the said Lord Maior for the time being.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all Incroachments and Purprestures upon the High Streete and most especially such as are or shall be from the Foote of London Bridge to the Lane called Compter Lane whereby the Market is or shall be straitned or the passage of the people obstruded shall be regulated reduced and reformed by the said Court as they upon deliberate heareing of the partyes concerned shall judge fitt and convenient for the purposes aforesaid Saveing alwayes to the Inhabitants of the High Streete full power to permitt and suffer their Stall Boards when their Shops or Shop windowes are sett open, to turae over and extend into the Streete one Foote and noe more for the Conveniences of their Shops.

And it is further enacted That all differences concerning Party walls or other Walls, placeing or stopping up of any Lights Wayes Windowes Passages Watercourses Gutters and such like annoyances betweene partie and partye shall be mediated ordered and decreed by the said Court in such manner and forme and such satisfaction shall and may be therein awarded to any person and persons thereby damnifyed as upon heareing both parts shall be judged reasonable.

And for the better dispatch of the Busines in the said Court bee it further enacted That the said Court shall and may by their wisedomes and discretions order such Fees and Rewards for such and soe many Officers as they shall judge necessary to be attending in the said Court which being ordered and determined shall be hung or

sett up in some publique place by the Court to be directed, to the intent that every person concerned may

have and take notice of the same.

And it is further enacted That the said Justices and Barons and other persons abovenamed or any of them as well in Court as out of Court shall and may take the Affidavits of any person or persons for or concerning the serveing of Processe which shall and may be read and filed in the said Court and that all and every person and persons committing wilfull and corrupt Perjury therein shall and may be proceeded against and punished as for any other wilfull and corrupt Perjury at the Common Law.

And bee it further enacted That in case any of the said Justices and Barons or other persons abovenamed

Judges of the said Court present at the makeing of any such Decree shall happeu to dye before the same shall

have beene by him or them signed as aforesaid that then the signing thereof by the Survivour or Survivours who were present at the makeing thereof shall be good and effectuall to all intents and purposes. Any thing in these Presents to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provid£D alwayes That this Act or any thing herein contained shall not be extended to alter abridge or avoid any Lease or other Contract or Agreement made since the said Fire betweene any Landlord Tenant Under tenant or late Occupier of any of the said Houses burned demolished defaced or disabled by reason of the said Fire but the same shall be and remaine of such and the like effect as if this Act had never beene had or made, but that any such Builder shall and may have the Decree of the said Court for the further corroborating of such Agreement if he desire the same.

Provided alsoe That noe person or persons whatsoever hereby constituted a Judge of the said Court shall have any Vote or Place in the said Court at such time as he or they shall have any Interest in or to the Premisses which shall be in debateing or determining, but that he or they soe concerned doe withdraw dureing the debate untill after the determination thereof.

And bee it further enacted That where any person or persons Bodyes Politique or Corporate shall be ordered

or decreed to build any House or other Edifice seale any Lease or give Security or to doe any other matter or

thing soe to be decreed or ordered in pursuance of this Act it shall be lawfull to and for every person and persons Bodyes Politicke and Corporate concerned in the default thereof by his Action upon his Case in any of his Majestyes Couits of Record at Westminster to recover his dammage for Non-performance thereof or at his Election to have and maintaine his Bill in Equity for the performance thereof in specie and where any person or persons shall be ordered or adjudged to abate any annoyance or purpresture and shall refuse or neglect to doe the same by such day or time as by the said Order or Decree shall be enjoyned the said person or persons soe offending shall and may be indicted for such his Obstinacy and Contempt.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That where any person or persons Bodyes Politicke or

Corporate shall be ordered or decreed by the said Court to pay any summe or summes of money it shall be

lawfull for the party or partyes concerned upon Non payment thereof to bring an Action at the Common Law for recovery thereof, and to give such Order or Decree in evidence to prove the same in which Action noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

io F

Administered to Lord Mayor.

X.

Encroachments,&c.

Proviso for Stall Boards in High Street.

XI. Differences concerning Party Walls, &c. to be determined by the said Court.

XII.

Court to order Fees for their Officers.

XIII.

How Affidavits of serving Process to be taken.

Perjury.

XIV. Decrees may be signed by the Survivors of those that made them.

XV.

Proviso for Leases, Agreements, See. since the Fire.

XVI. Judges interested not to vote.

XVII. Damages at Law

for Nonperformance of Decree, or a Bill in Equity for specific Performance.

Annoyances may be inmded.

XVIII.

In Action* at Law for Money decreed. Decree may be given in Evidence.

29° Car. II. c. 4, 5.

A.D. 1677.

XIX. In A&ionf for executing Ad, General Issue.

Double Costs.

XX.

Southwark Market to be kept where it anciently has been.

Rot. Parl. 29 C.II. p. 2i nu. 4.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Chief Justices and Lord Chief Baron may empower Persons by Commission to take Affidavits.

Judges of Assize in their Circuits may take Affidavits concerning Matters depending in the King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer.

Penalty on forswearing, as if sworn in open Court.

II.

Fee besides the King’s Duty.

And lastly it is enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Suite or Addon be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued may pleade the generall Issue and upon any Issue joyned may give the spedall matter in evidence and if the Plaindffe shall discontinue his Suite or Judgement passe against him. the Defendant shall recover his and their double Costs for his and their unjust vexation.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Market of the Towne and Burrough of Southwarke aforesaid shall continue and be kept in the same place and at the same times where it hath beene aundently and is at this present kept, and that the said Market shall not be kept in or removed to any other place or held at any other time whatsoever.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for takeing of Affidavits in the Country to be made use of in the Courts of Kings Bench Common Pleas

and Exchequer.

FOR the greater ease and benefitt of all persons whatsoever in the takeing of Affidavits to be made use of and read in his Majestyes Courts of Kings Bench Common Pleas and Exchequer at Westminster as well in matters and things relateing to his Majestie and his Revenue as in all other matters and causes whatsoever depending or to be depending in all or any of the Courts aforesaid or any wise concerning the proceedings of or in the same Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoride of the That the Cheife Justice and other the Justices of the said Court of Kings Bench for the time being or any two of them whereof the Cheife Justice for the time being to be one for the said Court of Kings Bench and the Cheife Justice of the Common Pleas and the rest of the Justices there for the time being or any two of them whereof the Cheife Justice of the same Court to be one for the said Court of Common Pleas and alsoe the Lord Treasurer Chauncellor and Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the time being or any two or more of them whereof the Lord Treasurer Chauncellor or Lord Cheife Baron for the time being to be one for the said Court of Exchequer shall and may by one or more Commission or Commissions under the severall Seales of the respective Courts from time to time as neede shall require impower what and as many persons as they shall thinke fitt and necessary in all and every the severall Shires and County es within the Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede to take and receive all and every such Affidavit and Affidavits as any person or persons shall be willing and desireous to make before any of the persons soe impowered in or concerning any Cause Matter or Thing depending [or hereafter to be dependingor any wise concerning any of the proceedings to be in the said respective Courts as Masters of Chauncery in extraordinary doe use to doe, and that it shall and may be lawfull for any Judge of Assise in his Circuit to take and receive any Affidavit or Affidavits as any person or persons shall be willing and desireous to make before him in or concerning any Cause Matter or Thing depending or hereafter to be depending or in any wise concerning any proceedings to be [had in the said Courts of Kings Bench Common Pleas and Exchequer or any of them, which said Affidavits taken as

aforesaid shall be filed in their severall and respective Offices of the said Courts the same doe conceme and

then be read and made use of in the said Courts to all intents and purposes as other Affidavits taken in the said Courts now are and that all and every Affidavit and Affidavits taken as aforesaid shall be of the same force as Affidavits taken in the said respective Courts now are, and all and every person and persons forswearing him her or themselves in such Affidavit or Affidavits shall incurr and be lyable unto the same penalties as if such Affidavit or Affidavits had beene made and taken in open Court.

Provided That for the takeing of every such Affidavit the person or persons soe impowered and takeing the

same shall for soe doeing receive onely the Summe or Fee of twelve pence and noe more besides the Duty

payable to his Majestie for the same, which said Duty to his Majestie shall not be paid to the said Commissioner but to the proper Officers in the said respective Courts before such Affidavit or Affidavits be therein filed or made use of.

1 interlined on the Roll.

29° Car. II. c. 6.

847

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for the Naturalizing of Children of his Majestyes English Subjects borne in Forreigne Countryes dureing

the late Troubles.

WHEREAS dureing the late unhappy Troubles in England which began in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty one and continued untill the time of his Majestyes most happy Restauration diverse of his Majestyes English Subjects as well of the Nobility as others did either by reason of their attendance upon his Majesde or for feare of the then Usurped Powers reside in parts beyond the Seas out of his Majestyes Dominions and [it1] may hereafter become difficult to make proofe of the occasion of such their residence, Now for preventing of all Disputes and Questions that may arise whether the Children of such his Majestyes Subjects of this Realme are Naturall borne Subjects of our Soveraigne Lord the King and to expresse a due sence of the merit of all such Loyall persons as out of their duty and fidelity to his Majesde and his Father of Blessed Memory did foregoe or were driven from their Native Country. Bee it declared and enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That Charles Gerard and Elizabeth Gerard Children of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Gerard of Brandon Trever Wheler and Dorothy Elizabeth Wheeler Children of Sir Charles Wheler Baronet [Anne Ravenscroft the Wife of Edward Ravenscroft of Bretton in the County of Flint Esquire one of the Daughters of Sir Richard Lloyd Knight deceased borne at Calice in France1] and all other persons who at any time betweene the fourteenth day of June in the said yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty one and the foure and twentyeth day of March in the yeare of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty were borne out of his Majestyes Dominions and whose Fathers or Mothers were Naturall borne Subjects of this Realme are hereby declared and shall for ever be esteemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be and to have beene the Kings Naturall borne Subjects of this Kingdome and that the said Children and all other Persons borne as aforesaid and every of them are and shall be adjudged reputed and taken to be and to have beene in every respect and degree Naturall borne Subjects and free to all intents purposes and constructions as if they and every of them had beene borne in England.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the authoritie aforesaid That the Children and all other persons as aforesaid and every of them shall be and are hereby enabled and adjudged able to all intents constructions and purposes whatsoever as well to demand as to have and enjoy any Titles of Honour Mannours Lands Tenements and Hereditaments and all other Priviledges and Immunity es belonging to the Leige People and Naturall Subjects of this Kingdome and to make his or their resort or pedigree as Heire to his their or any of their Auncestors Lyneall or Collaterall by reason of any Descent Remainder Reverter Right or other Title Conveyance Legacy or Bequest whatsoever which hath may or shall descend remaine revert accrue come or grow unto the said Children or the persons borne as aforesaid or any of them as alsoe to have and enjoy all Mannours Lands and Tenements or other Hereditaments by way of Purchase or Gift of any person or persons whatsoever as alsoe to prosecute pursue maintaine avow and justifie all and all manner of Actions Suites and Causes and all other things to doe as lawfully liberally freely and fully as if the said Children and the persons borne as aforesaid and every of them had beene and were borne of English Parents within this Kingdome or as any other person or persons borne within this Kingdome may lawfully in any wise doe, Any Law Act Statute Provision Custome or other thing whatsoever had made done promulged proclaimed or provided to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Provided alwayes That noe Person other then the persons expressely named in this Act shall have any benefit thereby except such person shall within seaven yeares next ensueing receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper and within one moneth next after such receiving the Sacrament take the Oathes of Alleigiance and Supremacy in some of his Majestyes Courts at Westminster and deliver into the Court at the same time a Certificate of such his recdveing the said Sacrament and then make proofe thereof by Witnesses to be examined viva voce upon Oath.

And bee it further enacted That noe person or persons other then the persons expressely named in this Act shall have any benefitt thereby untill he or they shall have received the Sacrament and made proofe thereof by Certificate and Witnesses and taken the said Oathes in manner aforesaid.

And for the better manifestation and proofe of such qualifications as may entitle any person to the benefitt of this Act which in processe of time may be very hard to be proved Bee it further enacted That any person haveing received the Sacrament and made proofe thereof by Certificate and Witnesses and taken the said Oathes within the time aforesaid in any of his Majestyes Courts in manner aforesaid shall and may be admitted to make proofe of such his qualification in the said Court by Witnesses viva voce to be examined upon Oath and if he shall make proofe thereof to the satisfaction of the said Court he shall thereupon have a Certificate thereof under the Seale of the said Court to be likewise enrolled in the said Court and for ever after upon shewing such Certificate or Enrollment thereof every such person shall have full benefitt of this Law as if he had beene therein expresly named.

1 interlined on the Roll.

9 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A*. Pari, 29C.IL p.2. ear. 5.

Recital that many Persons had been obliged to reside Abroad, and that it might become difficult to prove the Occasion of their Residence.

Certain Persons herein named, and all other Persons born out of the King’s Dominions, between 14th June 1641 and 24th March 1660, and whose Fathers or Mothers were natural-born Subjects, declared natural-born Subjects

II.

and enabled to take Titles of Honour, Lands, and other Rights and Privileges, as if born of English Parents within this Kingdom.

Such Persons to receive the Sacrament and take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy as herein mentioned; and have Proof thereof by Certificate and Witnesses

III.

otherwise no Benefit of this Act.

IV.

Proof of Qualification may be made by Witnesses vivi voce;

and thereupon have Certificate enrolled.

29° Car. II. c.T.

A.D. 1677•

Roi. Pari, 296*. //. p, 2. mm. 6.

Tradetmen, &c. working on Sunday,

Exception.

Penalty 5*.;

exposing to sale Wares, kc.;

Penalty.

II.

Drovers, &c. travelling, kc. Penalty 20s.

Using Boats, Barges, kc.

Penalty 5s.

Proceedings on Conviction.

Goods cryed may be seized.

Penalties how to be levied.

In case of

Insufficiency,

Stocks.

Penalties how to be disposed of.

Reward to Informer.

m.

Proviso for private Families, Inns, &c. and for crying Milk.

IV. Limitation of Prosecution.

V.

Hundred not responsible for Robberies committed on the Lords Day; But shall make fresh Suit after the Offenders. 27 Eliz. c. 13.

Penalty.

VI.

Service of Process on the Lord’s Day (Exception) void.

Persons serving the tame liable to Action.

CHAPTER VIL An Act for the better Observation of the Lords day commonly called Sunday.

FOR the better observation and keeping holy the Lords day commonly called Sunday Bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal! and of the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That all the Lawes enacted and in force concerning the observation of the Lords day and repaireing to the Church thereon be carefully putt in execution. And that all and every person and persons whatsoever shall on every Lords day apply themselves tq the observation of the same by exerdseing themselves thereon in the dutyes of Piety and true Religion publiquely and privately And that noe Tradesman, Artificer Workeman Labourer or other Person whatsoever shall doe or exercise any worldly Labour, Busines or Worke of their ordinary Callings upon the Lords day or any part thereof (Workes of Necessity and Charity onely excepted) And that every person being of the age of fourteene yeares or upwards offending in the Premisses shall for every such Offence forfeit the summe of five shillings. And that noe person or persons whatsoever shall publickly cry shew forth or expose to sale any Wares Merchandizes, Fruit, Herbs Goods or Chattells whatsoever upon the Lords day or any part thereof upon paine that every person soe offending shall forfeite the same Goods soe cryed or shewed forth or exposed to sale.

And it is further enacted That noe Drover Horsecourser Waggoner Butcher Higler their or any of their Servants shall travell or come into his or their Inne or Lodgeing upon the Lords day or any part thereof upon paine that each and every such offender shall forfeite twenty shillings for every such offence. And that noe person or persons shall use imploy or travell upon the Lords day with any Boate Wherry Lighter or Barge except it be upon extraordinary occasion to be allowed by some Justice of the Peace of the County or Head officer or some Justice of the Peace of the Citty Burrough or Towne corporate where the Fad shall be committed upon paine that every person soe offending shall forfeite and lose the summe of five shillings for every such offence. And that if any person offending in any of the premisses shall be thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace of the County or the Cheife Officer or Officers or any Justice of the Peace of or within any Citty Burrough or Towne Corporate where the said Offences shall be committed upon his or their view or confession of the party or proofe of any one or more Witnesses by Oath (which the said Justices Cheife Officer or Officers is by this A & authorized to administer) the said Justice or Cheife Officer or Officers shall give Warrant under his or their Hand and Seale to the Constables or Churchwardens of the Parish or Parishes where such Offence shall be committed to seize the said Goods cryed, shewed forth or putt to sale as aforesaid and to sell the same and to levy the said other Forfeitures or Penaltyes by way of distresse and sale of the Goods of every such Offender distrained rendering to the said Offenders the overplus of the moneys raised thereby and in default of such distresse or in case of insufficiency or inability of the said Offender to pay the said forfeitures or penalties that then the party offending be sett publickly in the Stocks by the space of two houres, And all and singular the forfeitures or penaltyes aforesaid shall be imployed and converted to the use of the Poore of the Parish where the said [Offence1] shall be committed saveing onely that it shall and may be lawfull to and for any such Justice Maior or Head Officer or Officers out of the said forfeitures or penalties to reward any person or persons that shall informe of any Offence against this Act according to their discretions soe as such Reward exceede not the third part of the Forfeitures or penalties.

Provided That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the prohibiting of dressing of Meate in Families or dressing or selling of Meat in Inns Cookeshops or Victualling Houses for such as otherwise cannot be provided nor to the crying or selling of Milke before nine of the clocke in the morning or after fbure of the clocke in the aftemoone.

Provided alsoe that noe person or persons shall be impeached prosecuted or molested for any offence before mentioned in this Act unlesse he or they be prosecuted for the same within ten dayes after the offence committed.

Provided and bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons whatsoever which shall travell upon the Lords Day shall be then robbed That noe Hundred nor the Inhabitants thereof shall be charged with or answerable for any Robbery soe committed but the person or persons soe robbed shall be barred from bringing any Action for the said Robbery, Any Law to the contrary notwithstanding. Neverthelesse the Inhabitants of the County es and Hundreds (after notice of any such Robbery to them or some of them given, or after Huy and Cry for the same to be brought) shall make or cause to be made fresh Suite and Pursuite after the Offenders with Horsemen and Footemen according to the Statute made in the twenty seventh yeare of the Raigne of Queene Elizabeth upon paine of forfeiting to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors as much money as might have beene recovered against the Hundred by the partie robbed if this Law had not beene made.

Provided alsoe That noe person or persons upon the Lords Day shall serve or execute or cause to be served or executed any Writt, Processe, Warrant, Order Judgement or Decree (except in cases of Treason Felony or breach of the Peace) but that the service of every such Writt, Processe, Warrant, Order Judgement or Decree shall be void to all intents and Purposes whatsoever And the person or persons soe serveing or executeing the same shall be as lyable to the Suite of the Partie grieved and to answere damages to him for doeing thereof as if he or they had done the same without any Writt, Processe Warrant Order Judgement or Decree at all.

1 Offences O.

29° Car. II. c. 8.

849

CHAPTER Vm.

An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiasticall Persons to small Vicarages and Rot. Pari, 29 C. II.

Curacies. 2# *• 7*

REAS diverse Arch Bishops Bishops Deanes and Chapters and other Ecclesiasticall persons in obedience his Majestyes Letters bearemg date the first day of June in the twelfth yeare of his said Majestyes Raigne and out of a pious care to improve poore Vicarages and Curacies where the endowment thereof was found too small to afford a competent maintenance to those that serve the Cure have since his Majestyes happy Retume upon their renewing of Leases of Reftories or Tythes impropriate or appropriate made or may hereafter make diverse Reservations beyond the aundent Rent to the intent the same should or might become payable to the said Vicars or Curates in augmentation of their endowments which have beene for the most part enjoyed accordingly

But in reguard that such Reservations were not made to the Vicars or Curates or if they were noe convenient

remedy could be had by such Vicars or Curates for the recovery thereof and they were not at the time thereof capeable of takeing any Interest to their owne use whereby the said Provisions will depend upon the good pleasure of the Successors and may in time be disappointed. For the establishment thereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most

excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in

this present Parlyament assembled and by the authority of the same That all and every Augmentation of what nature soever granted reserved or agreed to be made payable or intended to be granted reserved or made payable since the said first day of June in the twelfth yeare of his said Majestyes Raigne or which shall at any time hereafter be granted reserved or made payable to any Vicar or Curate or reserved by way of increase of Rent to the Lessors but intended to be to or for the use or benefitt of any Viccar or Curate by any Arch-Bishop Bishop Deane Provost Deane and Chapter Arch-Deacon Prebendary or other Ecclesiasticall Corporation person or persons whatsoever soe makeing the said Reservation out of any Rectory Impropriate or Portion of Tythes belonging to any Arch-Bishop Bishop Deane Provost Deane and Chapter or other Ecclesiasticall Corporation person or persons shall be deemed and adjudged to continue and be and shall for ever hereafter continue and remaine as well dureing the continuance of the Estate or Terme upon which the said Augmentations were granted reserved or agreed to be made payable as afterwards in whose hands soever the said Reftories or Portion of Tythes shall be or come, which Reftories or Portion of Tythes shall be chargeable therewith whether the same be reserved againe or not, and the said Vicars and Curates respectively are hereby adjudged to be in the actuall possession thereof for the use of themselves and their Successors and the same shall for ever hereafter be taken received and enjoyed by the said Vicars and Curates and their Successors as well dureing the continuance of the Terme or Estate upon which the said Augmentations were granted reserved or agreed to be made payable as afterwards, and the said Vicars and Curates shall have remedy for the same either by Distresse upon the Reftories Impropriate or Portions of Tythes charged therewith or by A£tion of Debt against that person who ought to have paid the same his Executors or Administrators, Any disability in the person or persons Bodyes Politicke or Corporate soe granting or any disability or incapacity in the Vicars or Curates to whome or to or for whose use or benefitt the same are granted or intended to be granted. The Statute of Mortmaine or any other Law, Custome or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That noe future Augmentation be confirmed by vertue of this Act which shall exceede one moyety of the deare yearely value above all Reprizes of the Redory Impropriate out of the which the same shall be granted or reserved.

And to the end the said Vicars and Curates may the better make appeare the certainty of the said Augmentations Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That every Arch-Bishop Bishop Deane and Chapter respectively on or before the nine and twentyeth Day of September next comeing shall cause every Lease or Grant whereon any such Augmentation is made to be fairely entred in a Booke of Parchment to be kept by their respective Registers for that purpose. And every Deane Arch-Deacon Prebendary or other Ecclesiasticall person respectively shall cause every Lease or Grant whereon any such Augmentation hath beene made by himselfe his Predecessor or Predecessors to be entred in the said Booke to be kept by the Register of the Bishop of the Diocesse, for the entering whereof noe Fee shall be paid nor any thing demanded save onely a reasonable Reward to the Clerke for entering the same not exceeding five shillings, which said Entry being examined by the respective Arch-Bishop Bishop or Deane and by them respectively attested in the said Booke to be a true Copy of the Originall Lease or Grant and that the Augmentation in the same was intended for such use shall be as a Record a true Copy whereof proved by Wittnesses to be a true Copy shall be deemed taken adjudged and expounded to be good and sufficient Evidence in the Law whereupon the said Vicars and Curates respectively shall and may by vertue of this Act from time to time recover the benefitt of such Augmentation.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That where any Arch-Bishop Bishop Deane and Chapter or any other Ecclesiasticall Corporation or Person whatsoever upon the renewing or granting any Lease or Estate have made any Agreement for an Augmentation for the Vicar or Curate and such Augmentation hath for any time beene accordingly paid although the said Agreement is not expressed or mentioned in the said Lease or Grant every such Ecclesiasticall Person shall cause the substance of such Agreement to be entred in the said Booke to remaine for a memoriall of it to perpetuity.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Augmentations payable since lit June, 12Car.IL and hereafter, to continue during the Estate upon which they are reserved, and afterwards.

Remedy for the same.

II.

Augmentations exceeding one Moiety of yearly Value not confirmed.

III. Augmentation Leases whereto he entered.

Fee for entering.

Such Entry how to be attested; to be a Record and Evidence at Law.

IV.

Agreements for Augmentations to he entered likewise.

10 G

k*

850

29° Car. II. c. 8—10.

A.D. 1677.

V.

Such Augmentation 90 entered to continue for the Benefit of Vicar and Curate as if reserved by the Lease.

Augmentations to be construed as charitable Uses.

VI.

New Leases without express Continuance of the Augmentations, void.

vn.

Proviso for a Lease of the Parsonage of Stourton.

VIII. And for a Lease of St. Evall in Cornwall.

Rot. Parl. 29 C.If. P-2, hi/.8.

II.

Proviso for

Ecclesiastical

Jurisdicton.

Rot. Parl. 29 C.U. p. 2. nu. 9.

Recital of 22 Car. II. c. 2.

And bee it further enacted That such Augmentation soe entred shall likewise continue and be for ever hereafter good and available in the Law for the benefitt of the Vicar or Curate for whome it was intended and their Successors as well against the Arch-Bishop Bishop or other Ecclesiasdcall Corporation or Person who agreed for the same and his and their Successors as against every other person enjoying the said Redories or Portions of Tythes intended to be charged therewith in the same manner and for which they shall have the same remedy as they should or ought to have by vertue of this Act if the same had beene mentioned and reserved in and by the Lease. And if any question shall hereafter arise concerning the validity of such Grants or any other matter or thing in this Act mentioned and contained such favourable construdions and such further remedy if need be shall be had and made for the benefitt of the Vicars and Curates as heretofore have beene had and made or may be had for other charitable Uses upon the Statutes for charitable Uses.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That if upon the Surrender Expiration or other Determination of any Lease wherein any such Augmentation as aforesaid hath beene or shall be granted any new Lease of the Premisses or any part thereof shall hereafter be made without expresse continuance of the said Augmentation every such new Lease shall be utterly void to all intents and purposes.

[Provided alwayes That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to invalidate alter or make void one Lease beareing date the nineteenth of October one thousand six hundred seaventy and six made by the Deane and Chapter of Torke of the Parsonage and Tythes of Stourton in the County of Nottingham wherein there is an Augmentation of six and thirty pounds per annum reserved and made due and payable to the

Vicar of Stourton aforesaid but that the said summe of six and thirty pounds be alwayes paid to the Vicar and

his Successors accordingly, Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.1]

[Provided That this Act or any thing therein contained shall not extend or be construed to invalidate alter or make void one Lease lately made by the Deane and Chapter of Exon unto Arthur Sprey Esquire of the Tithe-

sheafe of the Parish of Saint Evall in the County of Cornwall whereon there is an Augmentation of twenty

pounds per annum already made due and payable to die Vicar of the said Parish dureing the said Lease but that the said summe of twenty pounds be alwayes paid to the Vicar and his Successors accordingly Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.']

CHAPTER EL An Act for takemg away the Writt De Heredco cumburendo.

BEE it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoride of the same That the Writt commonly called Breve de Heredco comburendo with all Processe and Proceedings thereupon in order to the executeing such Writt or following or depending thereupon and all punishment by death in pursuance of any Ecclesiasdcall Censures be from henceforth utterly taken away and abolished. Any Law Statute Canon Constitution Custome or Usage to the contrary heretofore or now in force in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to take away or abridge the Jurisdiction of Protestant Arch-Bishops or Bishops or any other Judges of any Ecclesiasdcall Courts in cases of Atheisme Blasphemy Heresie or Schisme and other damnable Doctrines and Opinions but that they may proceede to punish the same according to his Majestyes Ecclesiasdcall Lawes by Excommunication Deprivation Degradation and other Ecclesiasdcall Censures not extending to death in such sort and noe other as they might have done before the makeing of this Act Any thing in this Law contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for the better repairing and maintaining the Pieie of Great Yarmouth.

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Parlyament entituled An Act for Repaire of the Haven and Pieres of Great Yarmouth Power was given to the Bayliffes Aldermen Burgesses and Commonalty of the said Burrough in Common Coundll assembled to leavy such summes of money as they should thinkp fitt not exceeding twelve pence upon every Chaldron of Coles (Winchester Measure) and every Last of Wheate, Rye Barley Mank or other Grain, and for every Weigh of Salt and every Tunn of any other Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever (Fish onely excepted) unladen in the said Haven with diverse Powers Limitations and Provisoes as by the said Act may appeare whereby the said Pieres then much in decay have beene repaired soe that the power of the said Act will soone determine. And whereas the like decay cannot be prevented without a constant Charge, To die end therefore that the said Haven and Pieres (in which the good and benefit not onely of the said Towne but of

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

29° Car. II. c. 10.

851

the Countyes and parts adjacent are highly concerned) may at all times hereafter be preserved maintained and kept

in good reparation Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestk by and with the advice and

consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyanient assembled and by the

authoritie of the same That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Bayliffes Aldermen Burgesses and Corporation

Commonalty in Common Covndll assembled for seaven yeares from and after the expiration and determination of SutyonCoalr,

the powers in the said former AS to leavy such summe and summes of money as they shall thinke fitt from time Corn,&c.

to time not exceeding six pence upon every Chaldron of Coles (Winchester Measure) and every Last of Wheate

Rye Barley Mault or other Graine and for every Weigh of Salt and every Tunn of any other Goods and

Merchandices whatsoever (fish onely excepted) which shall be unladen in the said Haven, Which said summe

and summes of money soe levyed shall be expended in and for the maintenance of the said Haven and Pieres and for

noe other use or purpose whatsoever, For the better observation whereof all the Powers Limitations and DireSions The Powers of

in the said former AS are hereby revived confirmed and enacted except the last Clause of the said former AS except $ 9^10.

Providing That if by the Annuall Imposition the Pieres should be repaired within lesse then ten yeares That

then the said Imposition should cease. Which said Clause is not intended to be hereby revived. Excepting likewise

such Clauses as doe direS and appoint perticular dayes and times in the said AS expressed for the meeting of

Commissioners for inakeing a contraS and for inspecting and takeing the Accompts.

Which dayes and times being now past Bee it enacted That at the Quarter Sessions to be holden for the Commiuioncn how Countyes of SufFolke and Norffolke next after the five and twentyeth day of December next ensueing and likewise by to be chosen * the Corporations of the Citty of Norwich and Towne of Yarmouth such number of Commissioners shall be chosen in such manner as in the said former AS is direSed, which said Commissioners shall meete once every* and how often yeare or oftner if occasion shall require at the said Towne of Great Yarmouth there to view the said Piere and inspeS to meet* the Accompts of all the moneys expended thereupon according to the power given in the forementioned AS.

This AS to commence and take effeS from the five and twentyeth day of March One thousand six hundred Commencement seaventy and eight, at which time the powers of the said former AS as to the charge of twelve pence therein* of Ad, &c. mentioned are to cease and determine.

ITEM queda Petidones privatas Personas concementes (in se formam ASus contmentes) exhibite fuerunt Pdi&o Domino

Regi in Parliament) p>di&o, Quarum Tituli subscribuntur videlicet.

1. An Act to enable Robert Earle of Manchester to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts and for setleing other Lands of a greater valew in lieu of those appointed to be sold.

2. An Act for reSifying a Mistake in a generall Setlement of the Lord Mainards Estate upon the Marriage of his Sonne.

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable the Lady Mary Mordant to make Sale of her Interest in the Mannour of Blechingley and diverse Lands in the County of Surrey notwithstanding her Minority.

4. An Act for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Lord Viscount Kilmorey of the Kingdome of Ireland and for raising of Portions for Byron Nedham and Charles Neciham two of his Younger Sonnes.

5. An Explanatory and Supplbmbntall Act for the better enableing Sir Francis Compton to make Sale and dispose of the Mannour of Hamerton or any part thereof in the County of Huntington.

6. An Act to enable Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath to make Leases for yeares of Hungerford House in the Strand in the Parish of Saint Martins in the fields in the County of Midlesex and of certaine Houses and Tenements thereunto adjoyning.

7. An Act to enable Herbert Awbrey and his Trustees to sell Lands for payment of his Debts.

8. An Act for setleing a Maintenance on the Vicar of Alhallowes in the Towne of Northampton.

9. An Act to enable Thomas Barkley Esquire and his Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of the said Thomas Barkley and raising Portions for his younger Children.

10. An Act for naturalizing of Alice Rushout Daughter of Sir James Rushout Baronet.

11. An Act for Naturalization of Jacob David and others.

12. An Act for the Naturalization of Peter Reneu and others.

13. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for Payment of the Debts of Edward Standish Esquire.

14. An Act to enable the Sale of certaine Lands in Winterbome Whitechurch in the County of Dorsett lately belonging to Lawrence Squibb Esquire deceased.

( 852 )

Rot. Parl. C.IJ.

Annis 29° & 30° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1677 & 1678.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And by several Prorogations continued until the Fifteenth Day of February, In the TWENTY-NINTH Year of the same King,

And from thence further continued by Adjournment and Prorogation until

The Thirteenth Day of May,

In the THIRTIETH Year of the same King,

In the Fifteenth Session of the same Parliament.

€x i&otulo ftarttamenti be Stints ftegnt flegts Carol* feecunbi,

flUtcestmonono et Xrictfftmo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoat et tent apud Westmonasteriu OSavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenisami Domini nostri Caroli Secundi Dei Gra Anglie Scode Francie et Hibemie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Decimo-tertio et per seperales Prorogadones usqs ad et in Decimu quintu Die Februarij Ano di&i Domini Regis Vkesimo-nono et abinde ulterius per Adjoumament et Prorogacbne usqs in Dedmu-terdu Die Maij Anno di&i Domini Regis Tricesimo continual (videlicet) in Decima-quinta ejusde Parliamend Sessione Comuni omniu Dominoru ta Spualiu qua Temporaliu et Communitatis Consensu et Regie Majestatis Assensu sandra inaditata et stability fuerunt hec sequenria Statuta videlicet.*

CHAPTER I.

29&30 An Act for raising Money by a Poll and otherwise to enable His Majesde to enter into an a&uall Warr against

the French King and for prohibiting severall French Commodities. (*)

Most Gratious Sovereigne

WEE Your Majestyes most obedient and loyall Subjects the Commons now in Parliament assembled being sensible that Your Majestie finds it highly necessary to make a Warr against the French King for the Defence of Your Majestyes Kingdomes and lessening the Power of the said King And that the Wealth and Treasure of this Nation hath beene much exhausted by the Importation and Consumption of the French Commodities herein after mentioned Doe most humbly present unto Your Majestie a Free Gift of severall Summes of Money for the Use and Service of a Warr against the French King to be levyed in such manner as hereafter is expressed and doe beseech Your Majestie to accept thereof and that it may be enacted And bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That all and every Person and Persons Bodyes Poliitique and Corporate Guilds or Fraternityes within this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede haveing any personall Estate either in such Debts oweing to them within this Realme or without which he or they doe not account and esteeme as desperate over and besides such just Debts as he she or they shall bona fide owe or in ready moneys shall yield and pay unto His Majestie for every Hundred pounds in such Debts and ready moneys the Summe of Twenty shillings to be assessed imposed levyed and collected in manner herein after mentioned.

1 In the Calendar at the Chapel of the Rolls this Act is entered as N°. 1but there is no Number on the Roll.

A.D. 1677 & 1678,

29° & 30° Car. II. c.l

853

And bee it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid That all and every person and persons Commissioner jj

or Commissioners haveing useing or exerciseing any Office Place or publicke Imployment whatsoever (such persons Public Officers, Ac. who are or shall be in Muster and Pay at Land or Sea for or in respect of such their Pay onely excepted) and all and every their Deputyes Agents Clerks Secondaryes Substitutes and other their inferiour Ministers and Servants ^Profitiofthdr whatsoever shall pay unto His Majestie the summe of Two shillings out of every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive in one yeare by vertue of any Salaries Fees Proffitts Perquisites or other Advantages to him or them accrewing or by reason or occasion of their severall and respective Commissions Offices Agencies and Imployments the said summe of Two shillings out of every Twenty shillings to be assessed imposed levyed and collected in such manner as herein after is mentioned.

And bee it further enabled by the Authoride aforesaid That all and every other person and persons haveing III.

or claiming to have any Pension or yearely Stipend or Annuity issueing or payable out of any part of his Majesty es Gomnment towjr Revenue exceeding Twenty pounds per Annu shall pay unto his Majestie the summe of Three shillings out of 3* in the Pound every Twenty shillings by the yeare soe given or granted as aforesaid to be assessed imposed levyed and collected in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That all Judges and other persons haveing any judidall Office or other Office or Place of proffitt. And all Serjeants at Law Councilors Attoumeys Sollidtors and Scriveners And all Advocates Prodors and Publick Notaries And all and every person and persons pra&ising the Art of Phisicke shall pay unto His Majestie the summe of Two shillings out of every Twenty shillings which he or they doe receive by his or their respective Salaries Offices Practices or Professions in one yeare, And all and every Servant which at the time of the execution of this Act shall receive Wages for his her or their Service shall pay unto His Majestie the summe of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings by the yeare which shall be due or payable to him her or them for his her or their Wages except for Board Wages. And all and every person and persons of what Age Sex or Condition soever shall pay unto His Majestie the summe of One shilling over and above the rates charged upon them by this Act except such Persons as shall receive Aimes of the Parish where they dwell and their Children being under the age of Sixteene yeares at the time of the execution of this Act, And except all Children being under the age of Sixteene yeares of all day Labourers and of all Servants in Husbandry and of all other persons who by reason of their poverty are exempted from contributing to the charge of Church and Poore, And alsoe except all Children being under the age of Sixteene yeares of such who hath sower or more Children and is not worth in Lands Goods and Chattells the summe of Fifty pounds.

And bee it further enacted and ordained That all and every person and persons who at the time of the Execution of this Act shall be of the severall Rankes and Degrees hereafter mentioned shall, to the purpose aforesaid contribute and pay the severall summes of money hereafter in this Act sett downe and appointed that is to say. Every person of the Degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the summe of Fifty pounds, Every person of the Degree of a Marquesse of any of the said three Kingdomes inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the summe of Forty pounds, Every person of the Degree of an Earle of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome the summe of Thirty pounds Every person of the Degree of a Viscount of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome the summe of Five and twenty pounds, Every person of the Degree of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome the sum of Twenty pounds, Every eldest Sonne of a Duke of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Thirty pounds, Every younger Sonne of a Duke of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Twenty [five'J pounds, Every eldest Sonne of a Marquesse of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Twenty five pounds Every younger Sonne of a Marquesse of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Twenty pounds, Every eldest Sonne of an Earle of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Twenty pounds, Every younger Sonne of an Earle of any of the said Three Kingdomes and inhabiting or resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Fifteene pounds. Every eldest sonne of a Viscount of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome being of the Age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Seaventeene pounds ten shillings Every younger sonne of a Viscount of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Thirteene pounds six shillings and eight pence. Every eldest sonne of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdomes inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome and being of the age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Fifteene pounds. Every younger Sonne of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdomes and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome being of the age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Twelve pounds, Every person of the Degree of a Baronet of any of the said three Kingdomes or of Nova Scotia and inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome the summe of Fifteene pounds, Every person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome the Summe of Fifteene pounds. Every person who is a

IV.

Judges, Serjeants at Law, Counsellors, Advocates, &c., and Persons pra&ising Physic, to pay as. for every aos.

Servants to pay is. for every aos. except for Board Wages.

Every Person to pay is. above the other Rates, (Except Persons receiving Alms, and certain Persons under 16 Years.)

V.

Rates of Payment by Peers, &c.

Duke resident in the Kingdom j£yo;

Marquis ^40;

Earl £30 j Viscount *£ao j

Baron £to;

eldest Son of a Duke, £301

younger Son of a JDuke, £t$ 1 eldest Son of a Marquia, £%$ j

younger Son of a Marquis, j£ao;

eldest Son of an Earl, j£soi

younger Son of an Earl, £15 ; eldest Son of a Viscount,

*£17. 1 os.; younger Son of a Viscount, j£ij. 6s. 8d. j eldest Son of a Baron, £ifi

younger Son of a Baron, jgia ; Baronet jgi 5 j

Knight of the Bath

Vou V.

10 H

854

29°&30° Car. II. c.l

A.D. 16W & 1678.

Knight Bachelor Jtio;

King’s Sergeant at Law 4^30; other Sergeants s£t5;

Esquire 4^5; Gentleman aos.; Widow to pay the Third Part of Rate on her late Husband’s Degrees.

VI.

Gentleman having an Estate of .£300 or more, to pay 20s. though an Infant.

VII.

Archbishop ; Bishop ggio;

Dean 4^10; Archdeacon 4^2. 10s.

Canon and Prebendary, except Sole Prebendary, and not rated at above 4^30, e£i- 1 os;

Dofter of Divinity, Law, and Physic,

5;

Persona holding Two Benefices,

&c. 465.

VIII. Proviso for D.D. not having Benefice, and for Widows of Ecclesiastical Persons.

IX. Merchants of London not free agio;

Merchants and Traders holding a House of ^oper Annum in London 10s;

Members of East India Company 20s. in the Hundred for Shares

Members of the Guinea Company the like.

X.

Alien Merchants a£io.

XL

Commissioners

under

29Car.II. c.j. to put this Act in Execution.

XII. Commissioners for the County of Lincoln to act for the City.

General Meeting of Commissioners 12th April 1678

Knight Batchelor inhabiting and resideing within this Kingdome the Summe of Ten pounds, Every Serjeant at Law being the Kings Serjeant the summe of Twenty pounds and every other Serjeant at Law the summe of Fifteene pounds, Every person of the Degree of an Esquire or soe reputed or owning or writeing himseife such inhabiting or resideing in this Kingdome and being of the age of Sixteene yeares the summe of Five pounds, Every Gentleman or reputed Gentleman or owneing or writeing himseife such above the age of Sixteene yeares inhabiting or resideing in this Kingdome the summe of Twenty shillings, Every Widow respectively according to her Husbands Degree shall pay the third part rated by this Act upon that Degree of which the Husband of such Wife was in his life time.

And bee it further enacted That every Gentleman haveing an Estate of the value of Three hundred pounds or more shall be charged with the summe of Twenty shillings though he be a Minor under the age of One and twenty yeares. And noe Gentleman not haveing such an Estate and shall thereof make Oath before any two or more of the respective Commissioners shall be charged with the said 6umme of Twenty shillings in reaped of his Title.

And bee it further enacted and ordained That all and every the person and persons within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales and Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede who at the time of the execution of this Act shall be of the severall Orders Rankes or Degrees hereafter mentioned shall to the purpose aforesaid pay the severall summes of money hereafter in this Act sett downe and appointed (that is to say) Every person of the Order and Degree of an Archbishop shall pay the summe of Fifty pounds Every person of the Order and Degree of a Bishop the summe of Twenty pounds. Every person of the Degree of a Deane of any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church shall pay the summe of Ten pounds, Every person of the Degree of an Archdeacon shall pay the summe of Fifty shillings, Every person of the Degree of a Canon or Prebendary of any Cathedrall or Collegiate Church excepting such sole Prebendary who is a sole Corporation and his Prebend not rated in the Exchequer at above Thirty pounds shall pay the summe of Fifty Shillings, Every person of the Degree of a DoCtor of Divinity, Law or Phisick shall pay the summe of Five pounds, Every person holding two or more Benefices haveing Cure of Soules which shall amount together to the deare yearely value of One hundred and twenty pounds shall pay the summe of Five pounds.

Provided alwayes That noe DoCtor of Divinity not haveing any Benefice or Ecclesiasticall Preferment shall be charged for his Title or Dignitie of DoCtor by vertue of this Act, nor the Widdow of any Ecclesiasticall person shall be charged for the third part according to the Title or Dignity of her late Husband.

And bee it further enacted and ordained That the severall persons hereafter mentioned resideing and inhabiting within this Kingdome shall pay the severall summes of money hereafter in this Act respectively sett downe and charged on them (that is to say) Every Merchant tradeing in the Port of London and resideing within the said Citty or Ten miles thereof and not being free of the said Citty shall pay the summe of Ten pounds And every Merchant or other person whatsoever useing any Trade or manuall Occupation and holding a House of Thirty pounds per Annu within the Citty of London and Weekly Bills of Mortality shall pay the summe of Ten shillings Every Member of the East India Company shall pay for his Share or Shares which he hath in the joynt Stocke of the said Company Twenty shillings for every Hundred pounds according to the first Capitall of the said Stocke, Every Member of the Guynea Company shall pay for his Share or Shares which he hath in the joynt Stocke of that Company Twenty shillings for every Hundred pounds according to the first Capitall of the said Stocke to be paid by the Govemours and Treasurers of the said East India and Guynea Companies and to be deducted at their next Dividend.

And bee it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid That every Merchant Stranger resideing within this Kingdome shall pay the summe of Ten pounds.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That for the better assessing, ordering, and levying of the severall summes of money soe as aforesaid Unfitted and appointed to be paid for the more effectuall putting of this present Act in Execution that all and every the persons named and appointed by one Act of this present Session of Parliament entituled An Act for raising the summe of Five hundred eighty sower thousand nine hundred seaventy eight pounds two shillings and two pence halfe penny for the speedy building Thirty Shipps of Warr to be Commissioners for putting the said Act in execution shall alsoe be Commissioners for putting in execution this present Act and the Powers therein contained within all and every the severall Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places for which by the said former Act they are appointed Commissioners.

And bee it enacted That the Commissioners for the County of Lincolne named and appointed in the said last mentioned Act shall be Commissioners alsoe for the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne to execute therein all the Powers and Directions of this present Act as likewise of the said last mentioned ACT Which said Commissioners in order to the speedy Execution of this Act shall in their respective Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places meete together at the most usuall or common Place of Meeting within each of the said Countyes Cittyes Burroughes Townes and Places respectively at or before the Twelfth day of Aprill which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy eight And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the first Generali Meeting or the major part of them may by their Consents and

855

Agreements divide as well themselves as other the Commissioners not then present for the Execution of this ASt in Hundreds Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Wards Townes and other Places within their Limitts priviledged or not priviledged in such manner and forme as to them shall seeme expedient and shall direS their severall or joynt Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants High Constables Petty Constables Bayliffes and other like Officers and Ministers and such Number of them as they in their discretions shall thinke most convenient to be Presenters and Assessors requireing them to appeare before the said Commissioners at such time and place as they shall appoint not exceeding Eight dayes. And at such their Appearances the said Commissioners or soe many of them

as shall be thereunto appointed shall openly reade or cause to be read unto them the Rates in this Act mentioned

and openly declare the effect of their Charge unto them and how and in what manner they ought and should make their Certificates according to the Rates aforesaid and shall then and there prefix another day to the said persons to appeare before the said Commissioners and bring in their Certificates of the Names and Simames Qualities Degrees and Titles of all and every the persons dwelling or resideing within the limitts of those places with which they shall be charged and of the Substances and Values of every of them in Moneys, Debts,

Annuall Fees, Salaries, Perquisites Wages Proffitts Emoluments and other Things chargeable by this Act, together

with the Assesment of the respective Rates thereby imposed on each particular person according to the Rules and Directions thereof without Concealment, Love, Favour, Dread or Malice upon paine of forfeiture of any summe not exceeding Five pounds to be levyed as by this Act is appointed and shall then alsoe returae the Names of two or more able and sufficient persons within the limitts and bounds of those parishes or Places where they shall be chargeable respectively as aforesaid to be Collectors of the Moneyes due to his Majesde by this Act, for whose paying unto the Receiver Generali to be appointed by his Majesde, his Deputie or Deputyes in manner following, such Moneyes as they shall be charged withall, the Parish or Place by whome they are soe imployed shall be answerable; which Certificates and Assesments shall be ascertained and returned in to the Commissioners at or before the Tenth day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy eight and upon the delivery and returneing in of such Certificates or Assesments unto the said Commissioners they or any two or more of them shall forthwith issue out and deliver their Warrants or Estreates to such Collectors as aforesaid for the speedy collecting and lea vying of the said Assesments and all moneyes and Rates due thereupon according to the intent and subsequent directions of this present Act, of all which the said Collectors are hereby required to make demand of the partyes themselves or at the places of their last abode within six dayes after the receipt of such Warrants or Estreats and to levy and pay in the same on or before the Twelfth day of June One thousand six hundred seaventy eight at such place as the Commissioners shall appoint unto the respective Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes who are hereby impowered and required to call upon and hasten the Collectors to the said payment, and after the said Twelfth day of June to levy by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the Commissioners upon the Collector by distresse such summe and summes of money as he hath received and as ought by him to have beene paid and is not paid by reason of his sailer in doeing his duty according to the direction of this Act.

And bee it enacted That a true Duplicate of the whole summe charged within every Hundred, Lath, Wapentake, Parish Ward or Place rated and assessed in pursuance of this Act without namemg the persons shall under the Hands and Seales of two or more of the Commissioners thereunto appointed be returned into his Majestyes Exchequer before the [Twelfth'] day of July which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy eight (all Appeales bong first determined) and that like Duplicates be alsoe in convenient time made out and delivered unto the Receivers Generali, soe as every of them may be duely charged to answere their respective Collections and Receipts and that the money thereupon due be paid into his Majesty es Exchequer before the Tenth day of August which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy eight and upon retume of any such Certificate the said Commissioners or any three or more of them shall and may if they see cause examine the Presenters thereof. And if the said Comissioners or any three or more of them within the severall Limits shall at the time of the delivery of the Certificates or six dayes after have certaine knowledge or vehemently susped that any person or persons who ought to be mentioned in the said Certificates is or are omitted or that any person or persons in the said Certificate mentioned is or are of a greater value or Estate then in the said Certificate is mentioned, the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall have power to warne such person or persons to appeare before them at a Day and Place prefixed to be examined touching their Substance and Value or touching other matters which may any wayes conceme the Premisses and if the person or persons warned to be soe examined shall neglect to appeare not haveing a reasonable excuse for such his Default, every person soe makeing Default shall pay unto his Majesde double the summe of the Rate he should or ought to have beene sett at.

to dir*d Precepts to Inhabitants, Constables, &c. to attend;

and thereupon the Commissioners to read, &c. the Rates openly;

and prefix other Days for bringing in Certificates of Names, &c. of Persons residing within certain Limits,

together with the Assessment; Penalty.

and also return the Names of Persons to be Collectors.

Parish answerable for their Payment to Receiver General. Certificates and Assessments returned to Commissioners loth May 1678; and thereupon Commissioners to issue Warrants, &c. for collecting the Assessment; and Collectors to demand Payment accordingly, within Six Days after Receipt of Warrant, and to levy and pay same 12th June 1678} and if not then paid. Distress upon Collector.

XIII. Duplicate of Sum charged within every Hundred. &c. to be returned into the Exchequer under the Hands and Seals of Commis* sioners before 12th July 1678. Appeals to be first determined, and like Duplicates delivered to Receivers General, and Money paid before loth Aug. 1678. Commissioners may examine Presenters of Certificate, and if they have Cause to susped that Property is of greater Value than represented, then to proceed against the Parties.

And moreover the said Commissioners or any three or more of them shall have power by all lawfull wayes Commissioners may and meanes without Oath to examine and esquire into the Value and Substance of such persons as are soe inquire, but not on chargeable by this A & and to sett such Rate or Rates upon every such person or persons as shall be according ^Property^116 to the true intent and meaning of this AS. assessed, See.

XV

And the said Receiver Generali shall have an allowance of Two pence in the Pound for all Moneys which Receiver General shall be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer. And that every Collector shall have Three pence in Pound,

the Pound for what Money he shall pay to the Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes. ° °r3 1

1 Twentyeth O.

29° & 30° Car. II. c.l.

A.D. 1677 1^78.

XVI. 'Commissioners Clerks 2d. per Pound.

XVIL

Persons assessed refusing to pay on Demand, Officer may distrain; Proceedings thereon.

XVIII. Persons assessed not paying in 20 Days, and where no sufficient Distress, Party imprisoned in the Common Gaol without Rail

XIX. Persons aggrieved by Rate, &e. may complain to Commissioners.

Commissioners to meet to hear Complaints.

XX. Officers rated where their Office executed;

other Persons, not being Householders, &c. and Servants, where they live.

XXI.

If Persons having several Mansions be doubly charged.

how such Persons discharged. Persons out of the Realm rated at last Place of Abode. Persons escaping from Taxation charged at double Value.

XXII. Commissioners may assess other Commissioners and Assessors.

And for the carefull writeing and transcribeing the said Warrants Estreates and Duplicates in due time Bee it further enacted That the Commissioners Clerkes who shall respectively perforate the same shall by Warrant under two or more of the Commissioners Hands have and recieve from the respective Redevers Generali their Deputy or Deputy es Two pence in the Pound of all such Moneys as he shall have redeved by vertue of such Warrants and Estreats who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly.

And if any person or persons shall refuse to pay the severall summe and summes and proportions appointed by this Act for such person to pay upon demand made by the Officer or Collector of the Place according to the Precept or Estreats to him delivered by the said Commissioners it shall and may be lawfull to and for such Officer or Collector who are hereby thereunto authorized and required for non payment thereof to distraine the person or persons soe refuseing by his or their Goods or Chattells and the Distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of sower dayes at the Costs and Charges of the Owner thereof, and if the said Owner doe not pay the summe of money due by this Act within the said sower dayes then the said Distresse to be appraised by three or two of the Inhabitants where the said Distresse is taken and there to be sold by the «a«d Officer for payment of the said money and the overplus comeing by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the charges of takeing and keeping the said Distresse to be immediately restored to the owner thereof.

And if any person or persons assessed by this Act shall refuse or neglect to pay the summe or summes soe assessed by the space of Twenty dayes after demand as aforesaid where noe sufficient Distresse can or may be found whereby the same may be levyed, in every such case three or more of the Commissioners by this Act appointed for any such Citty County or Place are hereby authorized by Warrant under their Hands and Seales to committ such person or persons to the Common Goale, there to be kept without Baile or Mainprize untill payment shall be made.

And if any person certified assessed or rated finde him or her selfe agrieted with such assessing or rateing and doe within Ten dayes after demand thereof made, complaine to the Commissioners the said Comissioners or any two or more of them whereof one of the Commissioners who signed [or allowed *] his or her Rate to be one shall and may within fourteene dayes next after such Complaint perticularly examine the person soe complaining upon his or her Oath of his or her Personal! Estate aforesaid and upon due examination or knowledge thereof abate defalke increase or inlarge the said Assesment, and the same soe abated increased or inlarged shall be estreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid, and to that end the said Commissioners are hereby required to meete together for the determining of such Complaints and Appeales accordingly.

And bee it further enacted That every person rated for his Office shall be rated and pay for [the *] said Office in the PlaCe where the said Office is executed and every person to be otherwise rated shall be rated and the summe or summes on him or her sett and levyed at such places where he or she and with his or her Family shall be resident at the time of the execution of this Act, and that all persons not b&ng Householders nor haveing a certaine place of Abode and all Servants shall be taxed at the place where they are resident at the time of the execution of this Act.

Provided alwayes That if any person haveing severall Mansion Houses or Places of Residence shall be doubly charged by vertue of this Act that upon Certificate made by two or more of the Commissioners for the County Citty or Place (which Certificate the said Commissioners are required to give without Delay, Fee or Reward) of his or their last personall Residence under their Hands and Seales of the summe or summes there charged upon him or them, or in what capacity or respect he or they were soe charged and upon Oath made of such Certificate before the Commissioners to whome such Certificate shall be tendred, which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer then the person and persons soe doubly charged shall (for soe much as shall be soe certified) be discharged in every other County, Citty or Place. And if any person at the time of the assessing shall be out of the Realme such person shall be rated where such person was last abideing within the Realme, And if any person that ought to be taxed by vertue of this Act by changemg his place of residence or by Fraude or Covin shall escape from the Taxation and not be taxed and the same proved before the Commissioners or two of them or two Justices of the Peace of the County where such person dwelleth or resideth at any time within Six moneths next ensueing after such Taxe made every [such1] person that shall soe escape from the said Taxation and Payment shall be charged upon proofe thereof at the double Value of soe much as he should or ought to have beene taxed by the Ad, the said double Value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners or Justices before whome such proofe shall be made to be leavyed of the Goods Lands and Tenements of such persons towards the Supply aforesaid.

And bee it further enacted That the Commissioners which shall be within any County or Place within their respective Limitts or the major Part of them shall taxe and assesse every other Commissioner joyned with them, and the Commissioners within their Division shall assesse every Assessor within their Division and as well all summes upon every the said Comissioners and Assessors as the Assesments made and presented by the Presenters as aforesaid shall be written estreated levyed and gathered as it should and ought to have beene as if the said Comissioners had not beene named Commissioners.

A.D. 1677 V1678.

29" & 30° Car. II. c. 1.

857

[Provided neverthelesse That all and every the Peeres who are to be rated by vertue of this Act for their Offices or XXIII. Personall[Estate*] shall be rated by Arthur Earle of Anglesey Lord Keeper of the Privy Seale Christopher Duke p^whemn of Albemarle Charles Marquesse of Winchester Henry Earle of Arlington Lord Chamberlaine of His Majestyes ntmcd* Household Anthony Earle of Kent William Earle of Derby Theophilus Earle of Huntingdon William Earle of Bedford Charles Earle of Dorsett and Midlesex John Earle of Bridgewater James Earle of Northampton Oliver Earle of Bolingbrooke Charles Earle of Berkshire Thomas Earle Rivers Heneage Earle of Winchelsea Henry Earle of Clarendon Arthur Earle of Essex John Earle of Bath Charles Earle of Carlisle William Earle of Craven Robert Earle of Aylisbury Anthony Earle of Shaftsbury Thomas Viscount Fauconberg George Viscount Hallifax Francis Viscount Newport Richard Lord Archbishop of Yorke Henry Lord Bishop of London Nathaniell Lord Bishop of Durham George Lord Bishop of Winchester Seth Lord Bishop of Salisbury Edward Lord Bishop of Carlisle John Lord Bishop of Rochester Peter Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells John Lord Bishop of Chester George Lord Berkley Robert Lord Ferrars Phillip Lord Wharton Forde Lord Grey of Werke William Lord Mainard John Lord Bellases Charles Lord Gerrard of Brandon Charles Lord Cornwallis George Lord Delamer and John Lord Fretchevile or any Five of them and not otherwise and shall not be subjected to the Imprisonment of his or their persons Any Not subjca to thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.*]

Provided alsoe and it is hereby declared That the severall Rates and Taxes to which the Lords and Peeres Taxef*n^ ^ of this Realme shall be lyeable by vertue of this Act shall be redeved by a Collector to be nominated by the be received by a Peeres which said Collector shall cause the same to be paid into his Majesty es Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster ^rnomj,iated upon or before the aforesaid Tenth Day of August One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight

Provided That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland Ireland Jersey or Guernsey for or concerning any such personall Estate as aforesaid which they or any other to their use have within the Places Scotland, Ireland, aforesaid. Je«ey..nd

And bee it further enacted That if any Assessor Collector Reciever or other person appointed by the Commissioners shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his duty in the due and speedy execution of this present Act the said respective Commissioners or any three or more of them may and shall by vertue of this Act impose on such person or persons soe refuseing or neglectmg their dutyes any Fine not exceeding the Summe of Twenty pounds for any one offence, the same to be levyed and certified as aforesaid into His Majesty es Court of Exchequer and charged upon the respective Recievers Generali amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid.

And the said Comissioners or any two or more of them may or shall from time to time call for and require an Account from the respective Recievers Generali of all the Moneyes recieved by them of the said Collectors and of the payment thereof into His Majestyes Receipt of Exchequer according to the direction of this Act and in case of any sailer in the Premisses the said Commissioners or any two or more of them are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith leavyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And in case of any Controversie ariseing betweene the said Commissioners concerning the said Rates or Assessments the Commissioners that shall be concerned therein shall have noe voice but shall withdraw dureing the debate of such Controversie untill it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners and all questions and differences that shall arise touching any of the said Rates Taxes Assessments or Leavyes shall be heard and finally determined by two or more of the Commissioners upon complaint thereof to them made by any person or persons thereby grieved without further trouble or Suite in Law.

And the said Reciever Generali his Deputy or Deputyes shall give Acquittances gratis to the said Collectors for all Moneyes of them recieved in pursuance of this Act, which Acquittances shall be a full Discharge to the said Collectors respectively.

And the said Collectors shall make and deliver to the said Recievers Generali their Deputy or Deputyes a perfect Schedule fairely written in Parchment under their Hands and Seales signed and allowed by any Two or more of the respective Comissioners containing the Names Simames and Places of Abode of every person as well Peere as Commoner within their respective Collection that shall make defaulte of payment of any of the Sumes that shall be rated or assessed on such person by vertue of this Act and the Summe and Summes charged on every such person the same to be by him returned into His Majestyes Exchequer whereupon every person soe makeing default of payment may be charged by Processe of the Court according to the course thereof in that bebalfe.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That noe person shall by vertue of this Act be doubly charged for or in respect of severall [Honours3] Honours or Degrees but that every such person shall be charged and assessed for such Title Honour or Degree onely as is highest rated by this Act.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Letters Patents granted by the Kings Majestie or any of His Royall Progenitors or to be granted by His Majestie to any person or persons Cittyes Burroughs or Townes Corporate within this Realme of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Exemptions from Subsidies Tolls Taxes Assesments or Aids shall be construed or taken to exempt any person or persons Citty Burrough or

Guernsey.

XXVI. Assessors and others appointed by Commissioners neglecting Duty Penalty not exceeding £ao. for any one Offence} to be certified into Exchequer, &c.

XXVII. Commissioners

to require Accounts from Receiver General, and in case of Failure Money to be levied.

XXVIII.

If any Controversy concerning Rates, Proceedings. Questions to be determined by Two or more Commissioners.

XXIX. Receivers General to give Acquittances to Collectors gratis.

XXX. Collectors to deliver to Receivers General a Schedule of Names, &c. of

the Persons rated making Default; to be returned into the Exchequer.

XXXI. Proviso against Double Charge in respect of Titles.

XXXII. Letters Patent from the Crown, Privileges, Arc. or Non obstantes, not to exempt from Payment of Assessment.

29° & 30° Car. II. c.l.

AJ)A677 8H678.

XXXIII. Constables, &c. to aid in executing Warrants, See. of Commissioners.

XXXIV. Persons lending Money on Credit of Ad, not exceeding j^3oo,oooo, to have Tallies of Loan, and Orders for Repayment.

XXXV. Persons furnishing Navy or Ordnance with Goods, on Certificate thereof to have Warrants for Payment.

XXXVI. Orders for Repayment of Money lent, and Orders signed by Treasury, to be registered in course.

XXXVII. Orders signed by Treasury to be entered in course.

XXXVIII. Persons to be paid in course, as their Orders stand entered.

XXXIX. Monies raised by Assessments to be liable in the like Order.

XL.

No Fees to be taken for providing or making Registers, Entries, 3cc.

Penalty, Treble Damages and Costs of Suit, and Officer demanding, &c. Fee to lose his Place.

XLI.

Undue Preference by Officer.

Action by Party grieved, and Loss of Place.

XLCI.

The like as to Deputy.

Towne Corporate or any the Inhabitants of the same from the Burthen and Charge of any Sume or Summes of Money granted by this Act, And all Non obstantes in such Letters Patents made or to be made in barr of any Act or Acts of Parlyament for the Supply or Assistance of His Majesde are hereby declared to be Tend and of none effect Any such Letters Patents Grants or Charter or any Clause of Non obstante or other matter or thing therein contained or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That all Constables Headburroughs Tythingmen and other His Majestyes Officers shall and are hereby required and enjoyned to be respectively aideing and assisting in the execution of this Act and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them directed in that behalfe by die respective Comissioners hereby appointed or any two or more of them.

And bee it further enacted and ordained by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every person and persons who shall lend any Moneyes not exceeding Three hundred thousand pounds in the whole to your Majesde upon the credit of this Act and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his Repayment beareing the same Date with his Tally, in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for Forbearance after the Rate of Seaven Pounds per Cent per Annu for his Consideration to be paid every Three moneths untill the repayment of his Principall.

And that all person and persons who shall furnish Your Majesde Your Officers of the Navy or Ordnance with any Wares Goods Shipps Victualls or any other Necessaries for the Service aforesaid shall upon Certificate of the Commissioners and Officers of the Navy or of the Master or Comissioners and Officers of the Ordnance or some of them without delay forthwith have made out to them Warrants or Orders for the payment of the moneyes due or payable unto them which Certificates the said Officer^ of Your Navy CdmisSers and Officers of the Ordnance shall make without Fee Charge or Delay.

And that all Orders for repayment of money lent shall be registred in course according to the date of the [Talley'] respectively. And that all Orders signed by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for payment of Moneyes for Goods Wares Victualls and other Necessaries furnished to Your Majesde Your Officers Master or Commissioners as aforesaid shall be registred in course according to the time of bringing to the Office of the Auditor of Receipt the Certificates above mentioned.

And that all Orders soe signed for payments directed by His Majesde shall be entred in course according to

their respective dates and none of the sorts of Orders above-mentioned either for Loanes of Money Supplyes of

Wares, Goods, Victualls or other Necessaries or by special! Direction shall have preference one before another but shall all be entred in their course according to the dates of the Talleys the times of bringing their Certificates and the dates of the Orders for payments directed by his Majestie as they are in point of time respectively before each other.

And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred

in the said Register Booke, be it Orders for payments directed by His Majestie or of Moneyes lent or for

Wares Commodities Shipps Victualls or other Necessaries furnished as aforesaid soe as that the Person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Warrant or Order Warrants or Orders first entred in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the moneyes to come in by vertue of this Act and he or they that shall have his or their Warrants or Orders Warrant or Order next entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course.

And that the moneys to come in by this Act shall be in the same order lyeable to the satisfaction of the said respective partyes their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not be divertible to any other Use Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any Your Majestyes Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Books Registers Entryes View Search or Certificate in or for payment of money lent or the Interest thereof or for payment of any Money upon any Order upon any Contract for Wares and Goods furnished to the use of Your Majestyes Navy and Ordnance as aforesaid by any of Your Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputyes on paine of payment of treble Damages to the party grieved by the party offending with Costs of Suite, or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to loose his Place alsoe.

And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the party offending shall be lyeable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and costs to the party grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office.

And if such preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction or privity of his Master Then such Deputy or Clerke [onely *] shall be lyeable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office.

A.D. 1677 Sf 16*?8.

29° & 30° Car. II. c. 1

859

And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells record or the Teller make payment according to each persons due place and Order as aforedirected Then he or they shall be judged to forfeite and their respective Deputyes and Clerks herein offending to be lyeable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid.

All which said Penaltyes Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer Navy or Ordnance or any their Deputyes or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loane or Certificates for Wares delivered or Orders for payments directed by Your Majestie as aforesaid beare date or be brought the

same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred Then it shall be interpretted noe undue preference which

of those he enters first soe he enters them all the same day.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incurr any Penalty in point of Payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Orders before other persons that did not come to demand their Money and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much Money reserved as will satisfie their orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loane being to cease from the

time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Bank for them.

And bee it further enacted by the Atithoritie aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any money shill be due by vertue of this Act after Warrant or Order entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assign es by lndorsment of his Order or Warrant may assigne and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefit of such Warrant or Order or any part thereof to any other which being notifyed in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry and Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for Warrants (which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignments to make void release or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may pleade the Generali Issue Not guilty, and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the Speciall matter in Evidence and if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further prosecution or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any Case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants

And bee it further enacted and ordained That the respective Parents Guardians and Tutors of every person under the age of one and twenty yeares shall upon default of payment by such person and upon demand pay what is due and payable by this Act for every such person resideing in their Family or under their Tuition and not exempted as before herein is mentioned.

And bee it enacted That all persons not being Householders nor haveing a certaine place of abode and all Servants shall be taxed at the place where they shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Act and not otherwise.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Moneyes due and payable by this Act shall be

paid by the particular Collectors of the respective Countyes Cityes Burroughs Townes Parishes and Places who

shall collect the same unto such Receiver Generali as shall by His Majestie be appointed to receive the same or to the Deputy or Deputyes of such Receiver Generali to be appointed under his Hand and Seale whereof notice shall be given by the Receiver Generali unto the Commissioners or any two of them within their respective Divisions within Ten dayes after the first Generali Meeting and soe from time to time within Ten dayes after every death or removeall of any Deputy if any such shall happen, and the Receipt of such Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes or any one of them shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Collector.

And bee it further enacted That the perticular Collectors for, payment of any summes by them received unto such Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall not be obliged to travell above Ten miles from the place of their Habitations.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person haveing beene a Receiver of any money due upon any Act or Acts passed before the begining of this present Session of Parlyament and not haveing accompted for all the moneys by him received and to be accompted for upon such Act or Acts shall

be appointed Receiver for any the moneys due upon this Act and shall intermedle therein every such person shall

forfeite the summe of Five hundred pounds to be recovered by any person or persons that will sue for the same

XLIII. Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller offending, liable to Forfeiture, and Deputies to Action.

XLIV. Penalties, Scc.how to be recovered.

XLV.

What not to be interpreted undue Preference where Tallies brought the same Day.

XL VI.

The like Enactment when Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, and Teller pay subsequent Orders when first demanded.

XLVII. Persons having Money due to them may assign their Interest in Warrants, &c.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may assign, and Assignor not to release, &c.

XLVIII.

In Actions, See. for executing A&,

General Issue,

Treble Costs.

XLIX. Parents, &c. of Infants making Default, to pay.

L.

Lodgers, Arc. to be taxed at Place of Residence.

LI.

The times and manner in which Collectors to par Monies colle&ea by this Act.

L1I.

Not obliged to travel above to Miles to make Payments.

Lin.

Receiver under any former Act not having accounted not to be Receiver under this Act.

Penalty £$oo.

29° & 30° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1677 SP1678.

LIV.

Receiver General, within One Month, to give Commiflsbnen t Receipt for Moniet received by himj

such Receipt to be t Discharge of the Hundred, &c.

LV.

Receivers General certifying Arrears where none due, or unduly setting insuper.

Penalty to the Party.

Penalty to the King.

LV1. Money lent under this Alt not to be rated.

LVII. Commissioners not liable to Penalties of »S Car. II. c. a.

LVIII. Monies collected under this Act (Exception) to be applied for the Use of a War against the French King.

LIX. Collectors of Parishes, &c. keeping Monies in their Hands, or unduly paying away the same. Penalty £$. Receiver General or Deputy unduly paying Monies received under this

a a.

Penalty £$oo.

LX. Treasury not to direct any Warrant for Payment of

in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record by Afition of Debt Bill Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection Wager of Law Ayde Prier Priviledge Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more then one Imparlance.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Receiver Generali from time to tim* within the space of one Moneth next after he shall have received the full summe that shall be charged upon any Hundred or Division for each particular Payment that is to be made to such Receiver Generali by vertue of this Act shall give to the Commissioners that shall act in such Hundred or Division a Receipt under his Hand and Seale acknowledgemg his receipt of the full summe charged upon such Hundred or Division for such particular Payments, which Receipt shall be a full Discharge of such Hundred or Division for such particular Payments both against his Majestie his Heires and Successors.

And for the better preventing of such unjust vexations as might be occasioned by such persons as shall be appointed Receivers Generali of any of the Summes of Money granted by this Act, and to the intent the said Receivers Generali may retume a true Account, into his Majesty es Court of Exchequer of such Summes of Money as shall be received by them and every of them their and every of their Deputy and Deputyes Bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any* such Receiver Generali shall retume or certifie into the said Court any Summe or Summes of Money to be in arreare [and1] unpaid after the same have beene received either by such Receiver Generali or by his Deputy or Deputyes or any of them or shall cause any person or persons to be sett insuper in the said Court for any Summe or Summes of Money that hath beene soe received That then every such Receiver Generali shall forfeite to every person and persons that shall be molested vexed or damaged by reason of such unjust Certificate, Retume or setting in super treble the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned the said Damages to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in which noe Essoigne Protedioa or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance and shall alsoe forfeite to his his Heires and Successors double the Summe that shall be soe unjustly certified or returned or caused to be sett in super.

Provided alwayes That noe Summe of Money which shall be lent unto his Majestie upon the Securitie of this present Act at the rate of Seaven pounds per Cent shall be rated or assessed by vertue of this Act Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners or any other Officer that shall be imployed in the Execution of this Act or any thing therein contained shall be lyeable for or by reason of their acting or proceeding as Commissioners by vertue of this Act to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act entituled An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants for not takeing the Oaths or Declaration in the said Act expressed in case such Commissioner or Commissioners Officer or Officers have before that time taken the said Oathes and subscribed the Declarations in the recited Act mentioned.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Moneyes collected levyed and paid by vertue of this Act (except the Allowances therein made to the respective Collectors Clerks and Receivers Generali and the usuall Fees of the Officers of the Exchequer and what shall be issued thence for the Repayment of Loanes made in pursuance of this Act into the Exchequer and Interest for the same) shall be applyed and appropriated and are hereby appropriated for the Use and Service of a Warr against the French King and to noe other intent use or purpose whatsoever.

And for the more effectuall doeing thereof and that the said Moneyes hereby given may be applyed to die Use and Service aforesaid Bee it further enacted And it is enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keepe in his Hands any part of the money by him collected for any longer time then is by this Act directed (other then the allowance made unto him by this Act) or shall pay any part thereof to any person or persons other then the Receiver Generali of such County or Place or his Deputy that every such Collector shall forfeite for every such Offence the summe of Five pounds. And in case any Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any part of the Moneys paid to him or them by any Collector by vertue of this Act to any person or persons whatsoever other then the Receipt of his Majesty es Exchequer and that at or within the respective times Unfitted by this Act or in case such Receiver Generali shall pay any part of the said Moneys by any Warrant of the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or either of them or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or upon any Talley of Pro or Talley of Anticipation or other way or device whatsoever whereby to divert or hinder the aduall payment thereof into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid That such Receiver Generali shall for every such offence of himselfo or his Deputy forfeite the summe of Five hundred pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record by BUI Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager in Law is to be allowed.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any of them doe not direct any Warrant to any of the said Collectors or Receivers Generali or their Deputyes for the payment of any part of those Moneyes to any

1 or 0.

29° & 30° Car. II. c. 1

861

person or persons other tnen into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid nor shall they or any of them direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for the strikeing of any Talley of Pro or Talley of Anticipation nor doe any other matter or thing whereby to divert the actuall payment of the said Moneys into the Receipt of the Exchequer, Nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer direct or strike or record the strikeing of any Talley of Pro or Talley of Anticipation upon any of the said Moneys upon any Account or Warrant whatsoever. Nor shall any Teller throw downe a Bill whereby to charge himselfe with any of the said Moneyes untill he shall have actually received the same.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or either of them or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being doe not signe any Warrant or Order or doe any other matter or thing for the issueing of any of the said Moneys out of the Exchequer for any use or service whatsoever other then for the use and service of a Warr against the French King or for the repayment of Loanes upon the credit of this Act or Interest of the same as by this Act is directed. nor shall the Auditor of the Receipt draw any Order for the issueing of any part of the said Moneyes to any person or persons whatsoever for any use or service other then the use and service of a Warr against the French King or for the repayment of Loanes and Interest for the same as aforesaid nor shall he direct or the Clerke of the Pells record or the Teller make payment of any of the said Moneys by vertue of any Warrant or upon any Order or other way or device whatsoever other then for the uses aforesaid and to be soe mentioned and expressed in such Warrant and Order.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Loans upon the Credit of this Act be and are hereby appropriated to the use and service of a Warr against the French King nor shall they £be issued out of the Exchequer to any other Intent or Purpose whatsoever nor by any other Warrant or Order but wherein it is expressed that the same is for the use and service of a Warr against the French King.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Treasurer of the Navy Treasurer or Paymaster of the Ordnance and Treasurer [and *] Paymaster of the Land forces and every other Person to whome any of the Moneys collected or paid by vertue of this Act shall be issued upon Account (of whome good Security shall be first taken) or to whome any of the Loanes had upon this Act shall be issued upon Account shall keepe all such Moneys paid to them respectively distinct and apart from all other Moneys and that the said Treasurer of the Navy Treasurer or Paymaster of the Ordnance issue and pay the same by Warrant of the principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy and principall Officers of the Ordnance respectively or three or more of them and mentioning and expressing that it is for the use and service of a Warr against the French King [And that the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Land forces doe not issue or pay any of the said Moneys but by Warrant expressing that the same is for the Use and Service of a Warr against the French King1] and that noe other person or persons whatsoever to whome any Loans upon this Act or Moneys ariseing thereby shall be paid upon Account doe issue or make use of the same to any Intent or Purpose whatsoever other then for the Use and Service of a Warr against the French King.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Principall Officers and Commissioners of the Navy and Principall Officers of the Ordnance and such person or persons as doe signe the Warrants to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Land Forces or to any other person or persons receiving any of the said Moneys upon account shall not signe any Navy Bill or Warrant or doe any other act or thing for the issueing and paying any of the said Moneys to any use intent or purpose whatsoever other then for the Use and Service of the said Warr and to be soe expressed in the said Navy Bill or Warrant.

And it is further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That if any of the Officers or other persons aforesaid shall after receipt of any of the said Moneys divert or misapply the same or any part thereof by vertue of any Warrant from the Lord Treasurer for the time being or other superior Officer contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act That then such Officer or Officers soe diverting or misapplying the said Money shall forfeite the like Summe soe diverted or misapplyed which said Forfeiture shall be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protestion or Wager of Law shall be allowed, one Moyety of which Forfeiture soe to be recovered shall be to the Informer [or him that shall sue for the same3] and the other Moyety thereof to be distributed to the Poore of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Officer or Officers mentioned in this Act or in any wise belonging to the Exchequer Navy Ordnance or Land Forces or other person receiving any of the said Moneyes upon Account shall wittingly and wilfully offend against this Law or any Clause thereof by diverting or misapplying any of the Moneys collected or paid by vertue of this Act or any Loane had thereupon contrary to the true intent and meaning of this said Act That for any and every such Offence such Officer and Officers [and1] other person receiving any of the said Moneys upon Account, soe offending shall forfeite his Office and Place and is and are hereby disabled and made incapeable to hold or execute the said Office or any other Office whatsoever for the future.

loK

Monies other than into the Exchequer, nor for striking of any Tally of Pro, or Anticipation.

Teller not to throw down any Dill, &c. till he shall have received Money.

LXI. Treasury not to sign Warrants, &c. for Money, except for a War against the French King, or Repayment of Loans upon this Act;

the like as to Officers of the Exchequer.

LXII. Loans under this Act appropriated to a War against the French Ring.

LXIII. Treasurer of the Navy, and Treasurer of the Ordnance, to keep Monies apart

Regulations for Treasurer of the Navy and Ordnance, and Treasurer and Paymaster of the Land Forces issuing and paying Monies.

LX IV.

And for Commissioners, &c. of the Navy, at to signing Navy Bills, &c. for issuing such Money.

LXV. Officers appointed to receive Monies misapplying same;

Penalty.

LXVI. Officers of Exchequer or Navy misapplying Monies;

Loss of Office and Incapacity.

29° & SO? Cak. II. c. 1

A.D. 1677 if 1678.

LXVII. No Stay of Prosecution in A6bon for Penalties.

lxviu.

Auditor of Exchequer to transmit to the House of Commons Account of Monies paid, Loans, &c.

Treasurer of Nary, kc. to give a like Account.

LXIX. Limitation of Prosecution.

LXX.

French Goods not to be imported for Three Years, &c. from aoth March 1677.

Such Importation declared a common Nuisance.

Goods and Ships, &c. to be forfeited and seized.

Information to be exhibited and prosecuted.

No Writ of Delivery to be granted until Cause determined. Upon what Evidence Jury to decide.

If Jury return a VeraiA of French Goods;

Judgment to be immediately passed, &c.

that such Goods be destroyed;

Provided alsoe and bee it enabled That noe stay of Prosecution upon any Command Warrant Motion Order or Direction by Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be had made admitted received or allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suite or Proceeding by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information or otherwise for the Recovery of all or any the Paines Forfeitures or Penaltyes upon any person or persons by this Act inflicted or therein mentioned or for or in order to the Conviction or Disability of any person offending against this Law.

And it is hereby further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the time being shall transmitt to the Commons in Parlyament assembled an Account of all the Moneys paid into die Exchequer by vertue of this Act and of all Loanes thereupon and to whorae the same are issued and paid and by whose Warrant and for what uses And that the Treasurer of the Navy Treasurer or Paymaster of the Ordnance and Treasurer or Paymaster of the Land Forces and every other person or persons to whome any of the said Moneys shall be paid upon Account shall in like manner give an Account to the Commons in Parlyament assembled of soe much of the said Moneys as shall be by them and (*) every of them respectively received and to whome the same are issued and paid by them respectively and by whose Warrant and for what Uses.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That noe person to be prosecuted for any Offence by diverting or misapplying any Moneys contrary to the intent and meaning of this Act shall be prosecuted thereupon by any Plaint Bill Action Suite or Information unlesse such Bill Plaint Action Suite or Information be exhibited and commenced betweene the time of the Offence committed and the end of Six monthes after the Account of the Moneys to be levyed or paid by this Act shall be given and transmitted to the Commons in Parliament assembled as by this Act is ordained and provided.

And forasmuch as it hath beene by long Experience found that the Importing of French Wines Brandy Linnen Silke Salt and Paper and other Commodities of the Growth Product or Manufacture of the Territories and Dominions of the French King hath much exhausted the Treasure of this Nation, lessened the Value of the Native Commodities and Manufadures thereof and caused great detriment to this Kingdome in general 1 Bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the Twentyeth of March One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven Noe French Wine Vinegar Brandy Linnen Cloath Silks Salt (*) Paper or any Manufadures made of or mixed with Silke Threade Woole Haire Gold or Silver or Leather being of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any the Dominions or Territories of the French King shall dureing the terme of three yeares to be accounted from the said Twentyeth day of March or before the end of the first Session of Parlyament next after the expiration of the said Three yeares be brought in by Land or shall be imported in any Shipp or Shipps Vessell or Vessells [whatsoever3] into any Port Haven Creeke or other place [whatever4] of the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwkke upon Tweede or Isles of Jersey Guernsey Alderny Sarke or Isle of Man from any [Place or Port4] whatever either mixt or unmixt with any Commodity of the Growth or Product of any other Nation Place or Country whatsoever. And that all and every Importation and Importations or vending or selling or uttering or retailing of any French Wines Brandy Linnen Silks Salt or Paper or other Commodities imported contrary to this Act or any of them shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be a common Nusance to this Kingdome in generall and to all His Majesty es subjects thereof. And that if any Wines Brandy Linnens Silks Salt or Paper or other [Commodities6] whatsoever shall be imported contrary to this Act the same soe imported in whose hands or custody or in what place soever they shall or may be seized found or kept as alsoe all and every Shipp and Shipps Vessell and Vessells in which they be or were imported whether such Shipp or Shipps Vessell or Vessells' be laden or unladen shall and may be forthwith stayed by any person or persons whatsoever untill search can be made of such Shipp or Vessell and the Goods imported contrary to this Act be carryed into His Majestyes Warehouse in the Port where such Shipp shall be and an Information thereof shall the next Terme or sooner be exhibited into His Majestyes Court of Kings Bench or Exchequer and all the Judges and Barons of the said respective Courts of Kings Bench and Exchequer are hereby required and stridly injoyned to cause due prosecution in the said respective Courts of every such Information and not to grant any Writt of Delivery or Restitution for such Goods or any of them on any Security or Pretence whatsoever untill the Cause shall be finally determined in Law by or upon the Verdict of a Jury of twelve of such persons who are of knowne Experience to be returned by the Sheriffe which Jury upon the tast or view of any Wines Brandy Linen Silks Salt or Paper or other Commodities seized or stayed as aforesaid or upon proofe before them made shall and may judge the quality and value thereof and whether any of the Wines Brandy Silks Linnen Salt or Paper or other Commodities soe seized and which of them were of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any the Dominions or Territories of the French King or were imported contrary to this Act and in what Shipp or Shipps Vessell or Vessells the same was or were imported and by whome the same was imported or vended retailed or sold and in whose Custody they were at the time when the said Seizure or Stay was made and [wher7] the said Wines Brandy Linnens Silks Salt or Paper or other Commodityes or any of them or any part of them or any of them were of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any of the Territories [or Dominions ■] of the French King And in case the said Jury shall finde and returne their Verdict upon their Oathes that the Wines Brandy Linen Silks Salt or Paper or other Commodityes soe seized or stayed or any of them or any part of them or any of them were of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any of the Dominions or Territories of the French King that then imediately Judgement shall be passed upon the Goods soe found and the Judgement executed accordingly (to witt) That all such Wines and Brandy es soe found whether single or mixed shall in the open Field or Streets neere the place where they were soe seized be there staved and the said Wines and Brandyes there spilt upon the ground and the said Linens Silke Salt or Paper and other Comodities soe found by the said

1 and 0. • or 0.

» Port or Place O. • Comoditie O.

4 whatever 0. ? whether O.

4 whatsoever 0.

9 interlined on the Roll.

29° & 30° Cab. II. c. I.

863

Jury shall be publiekly burnt and destroyed in the open Field or Streets fteere the place where they were soe seized And moreover every person and persons that shall have imported the same shall forfeite the full value thereof And every person and persons in whose custody the same shall be found at the time of such Seizure or Stay or that shall sell utter or retaile within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or the Isles of Jersey Guernsey Alderney Sarke or Isle of Man any Wines Brandy Linen Silks Salt or Paper or other Commoditie imported contrary to this Act shall for the first Offence forfeite the full value thereof and for the second offence after Conviction for such first Offence shall forfeite the full value thereof and shall alsoe stand and be disabled and incapeable in Law to exercise any Trade or beare or execute any Office or Imployment for or concerning or relateing to the Collection or Managery of the Customs or any part of his Majestyes Revenue one Moyety of all which said Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the Poore of the Parish where the Goods soe as aforesaid prohibited to be imported shall be first landed or seized and the other Moyety to the Informer to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Injunction or Wager of Law shall be granted prayed admitted or allowed nor any more then one Imparlance.

And if any French Wines Brandy Silke Linen Salt or Paper or other Commodities of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the French King prohibited by this Act shall be brought into any of the Ports Havens or Creeks of the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or Isles of Jersey Guernsey Alderney Sarke or Isle of Man by any of his Majestyes Shipps or Vessells or by any private Man of Warr as Reprisall or Rescue the same shall not be landed or putt on Shore on any pretence whatsoever nor retailed sold uttered or kept within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or the Isles of Jersey Guernsey Alderney Sarke or Isle of Man under the same Penalties and Forfeitures as abovesaid to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid but being adjudged good Prize shall be exported againe to any Forreigne Market in the same Shipp or Vessell.

And if any French Wines Brandy Silke Linen Salt or Paper or other Commodity of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the French King prohibited by this Act whether they be single or mixt with any Commodity of the Growth or Product of any other Nation Country or Place or at what time soever they have beene or shall be imported shall at any time dureing the said terme of three yeares and after the First day of May which shall be in the Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and nine be found vended sold retailed or uttered within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or Isles of Jersey Guernsey Alderney Sarke or Isle of Man the same shall and may be seized by any person or persons whatsoever in whose possession or custody soever they shall or may be found and like Information thereof and Judgement and Execution for the Destruction of them shall be had made and given as if they had beene imported contrary to this AS And moreover every person in whose custody they shall be found after the said first day of May or that shall vend sell retaile or utter the same after the said First day of May shall incurr the Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid to be [recovered1] & disposed of in manner aforesaid. And if any Question Dispute or Doubt shall arise whether any of the Wines Brandy Silke Linen Salt or Paper or other Comodities seized sold found or uttered as aforesaid or any part thereof either single or mixt were of the Growth Product or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the French King or were imported contrary to this Act the Proofe shall be incumbent onely upon the Importer Claimer Owner Proprietor Seller and Retailer respectively and not upon the Informer, and for default of such Proofe that then a Judgement thereupon shall be given for the destruction of such Wines Brandy Silks Linen Salt and Paper and other Commodities and for recovery of the aforesaid Forfeitures and Execution of such [Judgement*] shall be immediately granted and awarded according to the true intent and meaning of this Act without any stay or delay whatsoever And if any Informer shall by Fraude or Collusion desist or delay the prosecution of the Condemnation of any such Wines Brandy Silke Linen Salt or Paper or other Commodity as aforesaid after Seizure or Stay of the same he shall for every such offence upon due Conviction thereof forfeite the summe of Five hundred pounds to be recovered as aforesaid one moyety whereof shall be to the use of the Pbore of the Parish wherein such Informer had beene usually resiant when such Seizure or Stay was made and the other moyety to him that shall informe against him And all Customers Searchers and other Officers belonging to the Customs and all Sheriffes Maiors Bayliffes Constables and other Officers shall be and are hereby strictly enjoyned and required to be aiding and assisting in the due Execution of this Act in reference to French Wines Brandyes Silk Linen Salt Paper and Comodities which are to be destroyed as aforesaid and noe Commissioner or Commissioners Customer Surveyour Generali or Surveyor or other Officer relateing to the Customs shall signe suffer or allow of any Warrant Free Warrant or Order for passing or Delivery of any Goods prohibited by this Act either to any person or into any place whatever other then into one of His Majestyes Warehouses there to remaine in safe custody untill a Judgement in Law upon or touching the said Goods be given and passed according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

and Penalty on Importers, and on Persons having such Goods in Custody.

First Offence.

Second Offence after Conviction for First Offence.

LXXI.

If such French Goods be brought into any English Port by His Majesty’s Ships as Reprisal, Ike. the same not to be landed. See.

Penalty.

Being adjudged Prize, to be exported.

LXXII. Such Goods found vended, Stc.

may be seized in any Custody, and like Information and Judgment and Penalties as before mentioned.

Onus probandi of Growth, &c. of Goods, on Owner, Seller, See.

In Default of such Proof, Judgment for Destrudion of Goodsand Recovery of Penalties.

Informers delaying, &c. Prosecution;

Penalty jtfyoo.

Officers, Sheriffs, See. to be aiding in Execution of Ad.

Commissioners, Sic. of Customs not to allow Warrants for Delivery, Src. of such Goods, other than to the King’s Warehouses, till Judgment had.

Nor shall any Surveyour of the Land waiters or Surveyor of the Tyde waiters or Kings waiter or Land LXXIII. waiter or other Officer whatsoever relateing to the Customs either by vertue colour or pretext of any Warrant Waiters, &c. not or Order whatsoever take up or deliver any of the Goods prohibited by this Act and carry them or suffer them to be carryed to any other place then one of His Majestyes Warehouses there to remaine untill a Judgement in than as before Law upon or touching the said Goods be given and passed according to the true intent of this Act, And all such mentioned*

29° & 30" Car. II. c.l, 2.

A.D. 1677 & 1678

Such Goods brought to the King* Warehouses to be registered, and Register produced at Trial.

Goods not to be delivered out of Warehouse till Judgment had.

Goods soe as aforesaid brought into any of His Majestyes Warehouses together with the time when they were soe brought in and the time of their Delivery out of the said Warehouses shall by spedall Direction of the Commissioners or other Cheife Officers that shall have the Managery Direction or Collection of the Customs be registred in a Booke to be kept for that purpose onely and to be produced at any Tryall that shall be had for and in order to the Condemnation or Destruction of the said Goods or touching the unlawfull importing thereof or for the Recovery of any Forfeiture or Penalty incurred by reason of the importing of such Goods contrary to this Act, nor shall such Goods be delivered out of any of the said Warehouses by any Officer whatsoever relateing to the Customs untill a Judgement in Law shall have beene given and passed upon or touching the said Goods according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

LXXIV. Person* not

Shopkeepers selling such Goods.

Penalty and Imprisonment.

And forasmuch as the Commodityes and Manufadures of the Dominions of the French King prohibited by this Act are often sold by persons not being Shopkeepers Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person not being a Shopkeeper shall from and after the said First day of May One thousand six hundred and seaventy nine be found selling or exposeing to sale or to have sold any of the Commodities or Manufadures soe prohibited as aforesaid according to the Directions of this Act being thereof lawfully convicted shall over and above the Penaltyes aforesaid suffer Twelve moneths Imprisonment without Baile or Maineprize.

LXXV. Penalties how to be levied.

LXXVI. Commissioner* in Counties at General Meetings to cause Duplicates of Sums charged on each Hundred to be written, and to subscribe and deliver the same to the Sheriff, and by him to the Exchequer before xst Nov. 1678.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That all Penaltyes and Forfeitures to be incurred for any Offences against this Act for which there is noe way of levying therein before prescribed or appointed shall be levyed by Warrant of any two or more of the respective Commissioners of the Division or Place where any such Offence was or shall be committed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the Offender rendering the Overplus to the Owner thereof after a Deduction of reasonable Charges for destraining the same.

And bee it further enacted That the Commissioners in every County at a Generali Meeting to he by them appointed after all Appeales shall be first determined shall cause Duplicates of the whole summe charged within every Hundred Lath Wapentake Parish Ward or Place rated and assessed in such County in pursuance of this Act without nameing the persons to be fairely written in Parchment and ascertained under two or more of their Hands respectively to each Duplicate and the same soe by them subscribed and ascertained shall be joyntly and together delivered to the Sheriffe of such County and be by him transmitted to the Exchequer at or before the first day of November One thousand six hundred and seaventy eight.

Rot. Parl. 29 & 30 C. II. nu. 2.

Recital of

14 (13 & 14) C. II.

c. as.

18 (18 & 19) C. 11.

c.3.

and that they are expired.

The said Two Aa* continued for Seven Years, &c.

II.

Quarter Sessions of & said Counties to take Security of Persons employed in the Border Service for the Preservation of the said Counties.

Stolen Goods to be entered in Books to be kept in Market Towns within 48 Hours after the same are stolen.

CHAPTER n.

An Act for continuance of two former Acts for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northeme Borders

of England.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fowerteenth yeare of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord the King that now is Entituled An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northerne Borders of England And whereas alsoe another Act was made in the Eighteenth yeare of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Lord the King Entituled An Act to continue a former Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northeme Borders of England Both which Acts are expired and have beene found very necessary for the preservation of those Places from 'that great number of lewd disorderly and lawlesse persons that usually frequented thereabouts Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by Authoride thereof That the said two former Acts and either of them and every Matter Clause and Clauses therein contained and all and every the Powers and Authoriues thereby given shall be continue and remaine in full force from henceforth for and dureing the space and dme of Seaven yeares and alsoe from thence untill the end of the first Session of the next Parlyament.

And for the better management of the Powers and Authorityes in or by the said two former Acts given Bee it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That the said severall Justices of the Peace of the said respective County es shall from time to time at the respective Quarter Sessions take good and sufficient Security of the person or persons by them imployed in the said Service for the preservation of the said respective County es from Theft and Rapine to answere the Dammages sustained by any person or persons by his or their neglect or default therein and to pay and satisfie the same within Fower moneths after that proofe thereof shall be made by the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses before the Justices of the Peace of the said respective Countyes at the next Quarter Sessions in the respective County which Oath or Oathes the said Justice or Justices are hereby authorized to administer soe as the Goods stolne be entred in one of the Bookes to be kept for that purpose within the space of forty eight houres after the same shall be stoln or gone and that Bookes shall be kept for that end in every Market Towne of the said respective Countyes and at such other convenient places therein and by such person or persons as the said Justices of the Peace in the said respective Countyes at their Generali Sessions of the Peace shall order or appoint.

29° & 30° Car. II. c.2.

8 65

And bee it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That the said severall Justices of the Peace of the said respective Countyes at the Generali Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Countyes respectively shall yearely or every two yeares at the farthest in open Court make choice of and appoint such person or persons as they shall respectively thirike fitt for the said Countyes respectively to be employed in the said Service.

III.

Quarter Setxiont, yearly or every Two Yean, in open Court, to appoint Persons for the said Service.

Provided That every person and persons employed for the preservation of the said respective Countyes from Theft and Rapine or as Treasurer for the said Service doe receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper according to the Usage of the Church of England in some Publicke Church upon some Lords day commonly called Sunday within the space of three moneths after they shall enter upon such Employment and deliver a Certificate thereof to the next Quarter Sessions in the respective County where they shall be soe imployed and take the Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacy and make and subscribe the Declaration appointed to be made and subscribed in and by one Act of this present Parlyament Entituled An Act for preventing dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants under the Penaltyes and Forfeitures by the said Act appointed.

IV.

Persons so employed to receive the Sacrament; and deliver a Certificate to the next Quarter Sessions, and take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and subscribe the Declaration of 95 C.II. c.». §8.

ITEM quaeda Petitiones privatas personas concementes (in se forma Actus continentes) exhibita fuerunt fPdifto Domino Regi in Parliamento predifto quoru Tituli subscribuntur (videlicet)

3. An Act for the ascertaining and establishing of the Interest of the Lord and Copyhold Tenants of the Mannours of West Derby and Wavertree in the County Palatine of Lancaster in relation to their Fines and Commons.

4. An Act to enable the Guardian of the Right Honourable Edward Earle of Warwicke and Holland to make Leases of severall Messuages herein after mentioned dureing his Minority rendering the improved Rent.

5. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Morley and Mounteagle Baron of Rye to make Sale of the Mannour of Farlton and certaine Lands and Hereditaments in Farlton in the County of Lancaster for payment of Debts.

6. An Act to enable the Trustees of Bryan Viscount Cullen of the Realme of Ireland to sell or dispose

of Lands in Elmesthorp in the County of Leicester for the payment of Debts and raiseing a Portion for his

Daughter.

7. An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money upon Cobham House and Parke.

8. An Act to enable Sir John Cotton Baronet to dispose of a Messuage called St Jermans and Lands therewith

used neere St Albans in the County of Hertford and to setle other Lands in lieu thereof.

9. An Act for Confirmation of a Decree made in the Court of Chauncery the sower and twentyeth day of February Anno Regni Regis Caroli Secundi Vicesimo septimo in a Cause betweene Sir Francis Rodes Baronet since deceased and Dame Martha his Wife Plaintiffes and William Thornton an Infant by Ciprian Thornton his Guardian and John Thornton and the said Ciprian Thornton Defendants and of severall Conveyances and Assurances made by the said Sir Francis Rodes in pursuance thereof as well for payment of his Debts as for provision for his Wife and Children.

10. An Act to supply the defects in a Deed of Setlement made by John Coke Esquire deceased and for

altering a Trust in part of the Estate of Robert Coke Esquire.

11. An Act to enable Thomas Thynne of Longleat in the County of Wilts Esquire to setle a Joynture on a Wife of certaine Lands Tenements and Hereditaments therein mentioned.

12. An Act for dischargeing the Mannour of Winsteed in the County of Yorke from a Setlement in Taile

and chargeing other Mannours and Lands in the County of Lincolne of a greater value with the same uses.

13. An Act for the setleing certaine Lands belonging to William Gery of Bushmeade in the County of Bedford

Esquire upon Trustees to be sold for the payment of Debts.

14. An Act for the vesting of certaine Mannours and Lands of Edward Bedell of Woodriseing in the County of Norffolke Esquire in certaine Trustees to be sold for payment of his Debts and for raiseing of Portions for Diana Bedell Isabella Bedell and Anne Bedell Infants Daughters of the said Edward Bedell and for such other Children as shall hereafter be begotten by the said Edward Bedell upon the body of Isabella Bedell his now Wife.

15. An Act to enable Francis Brend Esquire the surviveing Sonne and Issue Male of Sir Mathew Brend Knight deceased to sell certaine Lands for the raiseing of Three thousand pounds for the Portions of Frances and Elizabeth Brend the Daughters of Thomas Brend Esquire deceased late elder Brother of the said Francis Brend.

10 L

866

29° & 30° Car. II.

A.D. 16ff & 1678.

16. An Act for the naturalizing of Jane De Galiere Countesse of Lincolns and others.

17. An Act for restoreing the Honour of Baron Audley of Hely to James Lord Audley and others herein mentioned.

18. An Act for the appropriating the Redoryes of Llanrhayader in Mochuant in the Countyes of Denbigh and Mountgomery and of Skeving in the County of Flint for Repaires of the Cathedrall Church of St Asaph and the better maintenance of the Choire there and alsoe for the uniteing sererall Redory es sine cun and the Vicarages of the same Parishes within the Diocesse of St Asaph aforesaid.

19. An Act to enable the Trustees of Sir Ralph Banks to sell Lands for payment of Debts.

20. An Act for setleing diverse Mannours Farmes and Lands in the County of Hertford now in the Possessed of Francis Shalcrosse Esquire and for mafcring provision for younger Children and payment of Debts.

21. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for the raiseing of Money to pay the Debts of John Samine

Esquire.

22. An Act to enable Trustees to sell .Lands for payment of the Debts of John Herring deceased.

23. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Lands for payment of the Debts of Sir William Thorold late of Hough

in the County of Lincolne Knight deceased.

( 867 )

Anno 30° CARO LI, II. A.D. 16T8.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster the Eighth Dat of Mat,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second,

And by several Prorogations Continued until the Fifteenth Day of February,

In the TWENTY-NINTH Year of the same King,

And from thence further continued by Adjournment and Prorogation until

The (*) Day of May,

In the THIRTIETH Year OF THE SAME KlNG,

In the Sixteenth Session of the same Parliament.

€x ftotulo parliament* tot anno fttgni J&egiff Carol* &ecunO* Crteesrtmo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoaf et tent apud Westmonasteriu Odavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenissimi Domini nS Caroli Secundi Dei Gratia Anglie Scode Frande et Hibernie Regis Fidei Defensoris 8cc Dedmo-terdo et per seperales Prorogadones usque ad et in Dedmu quintu Die Februarij Anno di£ti Dfiii Regis Vicesimo-nono et abinde ulterius per Adjournament et Proroga£6ri usqs in (*) Die Maij Anno dicti Dfiii Regis

Tricesimo continual (viz*) in Decima sexta ejusde Parliamenti Sessione Comuni oium Dfiorii tarn Spualiu qua Temporaliu et Comunitads Consensu et Regie Majestads Assensu sancta ina&itata et stabilita fuerunt hec sequenda Statuta videlicet

CHAPTER L

An Act for granting a Supply to His Majesde of Six hundred nineteene thousand three hundred dghty dght pounds Rot. Pari 30 C.//, eleaven shillings and nine pence for disbanding the Army and other uses therein mentioned. i.

Most Gradous Sovereigne

TXjfEE your Majestyes most loyall and obedient Subjects the Commons now in Parliament assembled perceiveing v T that there is noe further occasion for the Forces raised since the Nine and twentyeth of September last and being sensible that the continuance of them must be a great burthen and unnecessary charge to your Majesde To the intent therefore that the said charge may not continue and to enable your Majesde compleady to pay and to disband all the said Forces as hereafter is mentioned and expressed Wee your Majesty es said loyall Subjects have given and granted and by these Presents doe give and grant for the ends and purposes aforesaid unto your most Excellent Majesde (whome God long preserve) the Summe of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence to be raised and levyed in manner following (that is to say) Whereas in and by a certaine A & lately passed endtuled (An Act for raiseing the Summe of Five hundred eighty sower thousand nine hundred seaventy eight pounds twq shillings two pence halfe penny for the speedy building Thirty Shipps of Warr) It was amongst other things enacted That the Summe of Thirty sower thousand sower hundred and ten pounds nine shillings six pence halfe penny by the moneth for seaventeene moneths begining from the five and twentyeth day of March One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven should be assessed taxed collected levyed and paid by five quarterly and two months payment in the severall County es Cittyes Burroughs Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwifcke upon Tweede according to the Rates and proportions therein expressed It is now further enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Comons in this present Parlyament assembled 1

Reasons for pas«ng this Ack.

Grant of

£206,46%. 17s. 3d.

a9Car.il. c.i.

1 obliterated on the Roll.

868

30° Car. II. c. 1

A.D. 1678.

and by the Authorise of the same That the summe of Thirty sower thousand sower hundred and ten pounds nine shillings and six pence halfe penny by the Moneth for six Months, the first of the said Months begining from the [sower and twentyeth1] day of August in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy eight shall be assessed taxed levyed and paid by two Quarterly payments in the severali Countyes Cityes Burroughs Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede for the ends and purposes aforesaid according to the Rates and Proportions following (That is to say) For each Moneth of the said six Moneths

For the County of Bedford The summe of Fower hundred forty eight pounds eight shillings ten pence halfe penny.

For the County of Berks the summe of five hundred sixty six pounds three shillings three pence halfe penny. For the County of Bucks the summe of six hundred fifty seaven pounds thirteene shillings two pence halfe penny.

The County of Cambridge the summe of five hundred and ten pounds.

The Isle of Ely the summe of One hundred seaventy sower pounds eighteene shillings and eleaven pence halfe penny.

The County of Chester the summe of Three hundred seaventy three pounds eighteene shillings and seaven pence The Citty and County of the Citty of Chester the summe of twenty six pounds fowerteene shillings and two pence.

The County of Cornwall the summe of seaven hundred and seaventy pounds nine shillings one penny halfe penny

The County of Cumberland the summe of eighty sower pounds three shillings one halfe penny The County of Derby the summe of sower hundred thirty one pounds sower shillings and two pence The County of Devon the summe of One thousand six hundred and fowerteene pounds nineteene shillings and seaven pence

The Citty and County of the Citty of Exon the summe of fifty eight pounds three shillings and eight pence The County of Dorset the summe of six hundred seaventy two pounds five shillings two pence halfe penny. The Towne and County of Poole the summe of five pounds nine shillings and ten pence The County of Durham the summe of One hundred sixty one pounds eighteene shillings sower pence halfe penny

The County of Yorke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke and Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull the summe of One thousand seaven hundred thirty sower pounds twelve shillings and seaven pence The County of Essex the summe of One thousand five hundred forty nine poundr sower shillings and five pence.

The County of Gloucester the summe of nine hundred and sower pounds five shillings one penny halfe penny

The Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester the summe of nineteene pounds fowerteene shillings The County of Hereford the summe of five hundred sixty five pounds sixteene shillings eight pence The County of Hertford the summe of six hundred seaventy two pounds eighteene shillings one penny halfe penny.

The County of Huntingdon the summe of three hundred and sixteene pounds seaventeene shillings one penny. The County of Kent with the Citty and County of the Citty of Canterbury the summe of One thousand six hundred sixty three pounds nine shillings and sower pence

The County of Lancaster the summe of five hundred and three pounds six shillings and nine pence.

The County of Leicester the summe of five hundred forty two pounds seaven shillings one penny halfe peny

The County of Lincolne with the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne the summe of One thousand two hundred eighty seaven pounds eleaven shillings

The Citty of London with the Liberty of Saint Martins Le Grand the summe of Two thousand one hundred forty five pounds fifteene shillings and eight pence

The County of Midlesex with the Citty and Liberty of Westminster the summe of One thousand five hundred and twenty pounds and five shillings

The County of Monmouth the summe of One hundred ninety five pounds

The County of Northampton the summe of Seaven hundred and six pounds nineteene shillings one penny.

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the summe of Fower hundred thirty six pounds fowerteene shillings

The County of Norfolke the summe of One thousand six hundred eighty five pounds six shillings The Citty and County of the Citty of Norwich the summe of ninety pounds

The County of Northumberland with the Townes of Newcastle and Berwicke upon Tweede the summe of One hundred eighty six pounds seaven shillings and ten pence

The County of Oxon the summe of five hundred sixty seaven pounds fifteene shillings fewer pence The County of Rutland the summe of One hundred and twenty pounds sower shillings five pence halfe penny The County of Salop the summe of Six hundred and one pounds seaventeene shillings one penny The County of Stafford the summe of Fower hundred twenty six pounds five shillings and ten pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Litchfield the summe of Six pounds and ten shillings 1

1 Twenty fourth 0.

A 0.1678.

3CP Car. II. c. 1.

869

The County of Somerset the summe of One thousand three hundred eighty five pounds fifteene shillings and lower pence

The Citty and County of the Citty of Bristoll the summe of Ninety nine pounds fowerteene shillings and two pence

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and the Isle of Wight the summe of One thousand ninety sower pounds fowerteene shillings and sower pence

The County of Suffolke the summe of One thousand six hundred forty nine pounds five shillings and sower pence

The County of Surrey with the Burrough of Southwarke the summe of Seaven hundred ninety eight pounds ten shillings and one penny

The County of Sussex the summe of Nine hundred and ten pounds thirteene shillings and ten pence halfe peny

The County of Warwicke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry the summe of Five hundred ninety six pounds sower shillings sower pence halfe penny

The County of Worcester the summe of Five hundred twenty six pounds nineteene shillings six pence The Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester the summe of Twenty seaven pounds fowerteene shillings and nine pence.

The County of Wilts the summe of Nine hundred eighty three pounds eight shillings nine pence halfe penny The County of Westmorland the summe of Fifty eight pounds

The County of Anglesey the summe of Sixty two pounds sixteene shillings and ten pence The County of Brecknocke the summe of One hundred forty one pounds five shillings two pence three farthings

The County of Cardigan the summe of Fifty two pounds seaventeene shillings ten pence three farthings.

The County of Carmarthen the summe of One hundred thirty six pounds three shillings and sower pence The County of Camarvan the summe of Seaventy three pounds six shillings one penny.

The County of Denbigh the summe of One hundred and eleaven pounds fifteene shillings three pence halfe peny

The County of Flint the summe of Fifty nine pounds eight shillings eight pence

The County of Glamorgan the summe of One hundred eighty nine pounds eight shillings (') eleaven pence The County of Merioneth the summe of Fifty pounds eight shillings and one halfe penny.

The County of Montgomory the summe of One hundred thirty eight pounds six shillings and one penny.

The County of Pembroke the summe of One hundred sixty three pounds five shillings The County of Radnor the summe of eighty seaven pounds three shillings and sower pence The Towne and County of Haverford West the summe of Seaven pounds eleaven shillings eight pence halfe penny.

And bee it further enacted That all and every the persons who are appointed to act as Commissioners for the Execution of the said former Act shall likewise be and soe are hereby constituted and appointed to be Commissioners for the Execution of this present Act within the several! and respective Countyes Cityes Burroughs Townes and Places for which they were formerly appointed, and all and every the Commissioners aforesaid or before mentioned shall have and execute like Powers and Authorities Rules and Directions touching the better assessing collecting levying receiveing and paying the said Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence And all and every person or persons who shall be lyable unto or any wayes concerned or imployed in the assessing collecting levying receiving disposeing or paying any of the Moneys by this Act imposed shall have like Benefitts Advantages and Discharges and shall be subject to the like Penaltyes and Forfeitures in case of misapplying the Money hereby given or any neglect or refusall to pay their respective Assesment or to performe their respective Dutyes as any other person or persons lyable unto or concerned or imployed in the assessing collecting levying receiving disposeing or paying any of the said former Assesments ought to have or be subject unto as folly and amply as if all and every the Names Persons Officers Clauses Matters and Things to the said former Assesments relatemg had respectively beene againe in this Act sett downe repeated and enacted.

And bee it further enacted That the Maior and six senior Aldermen and Recorder of the Citty of Lincolne for the time being shall be Commissioners to execute all the said Powers and Rules of the said mentioned Act and this present Act within the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne, And that the Maior and Aldermen for the time being of the Towne of Nottingham shall be Commissioners to execute all the Powers and Rules of the said mentioned Act and likewise of the Ad entituled An Act for raiseing money by a Poll and otherwise to enable His Majestie to enter into an a&uall Warr against the French King and for prohibiting severall French Commodities, and of this present Act within the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham.

And bee it further enacted That the severall Commissioners shall meete together at the most usuall and commi^tefi to common Place of meeting upon or before the Fowerth day of September in the yeare of our Lord One thousand meet on or before six hundred seaventy eight to putt this Act in Execution and that the first quarterly Payment amounting to the ^167^ Summe of One hundred three thousand two hundred thirty and one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe

HI.

Commissioners for the City of Lincoln and Town of Nottingham.

II.

Commissioners under 29 C. II. c. V. to be Commissioners for executing this

a a.

Persons concerned in levying. See. under this Act to have the Benefits and subject to the Penalties as Persons levying the former Assessments.

1 and O.

10 M

870

30° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1678.

Time of First Quarterly Payment.

Second Quarterly Payment.

V.

Persons lending Money to have Tally of Loan;

and Order for Payment of Interest at g£% per Cent, per Ann. payable every Three Months. Repayment of Principal.

VI.

Such Orders to be registered according to Date of Tally.

Orders for Repayment of Money lent to be registered in course according to Date of Tally.

and Persons paid in course as Orders stand entered.

Monies raised under Act liable in the same Order for such Repayment, and not to be divertible to any other Use.

No Fee for providing such Books, or making Entries, &c. or for Payment of the Money so lent; Penalty.

Undue Preference by Officer;

Action by Party grieved, and Loss of Place.

The like as to Deputy.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller offending liable to Forfeiture, and Deputies to Action.

Penalties, &c. how to be recovered.

VII.

What not interpreted undue Preference where Tallies brought the same Day.

VIII.

The like Enactment when Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, and Teller pay

penny shall be assessed collected levyed and paid unto the Receivers of the severall Countyes appointed or to be appointed by his Majestie upon or before the Fower and twentyeth day of November in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy eight, And that the second quarterly Payment amounting to the Summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe peny shall be assessed collected levyed and paid unto the [Receivers *] of the severall Countyes appointed or to be appointed by His Majestie upon or before the Fower and twentyeth day of February in the said yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy eight.

And whereas it will be necessary for the more speedy disbanding and paying of the said Forces soe raised that money should be borrowed upon the Credit of the Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence given by this Act Bee it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authoride aforesaid That all and every person and persons who shall lend any money to Tour Majestie upon the Credit of the aforesaid Summe of Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings three pence given by this Act (not exceeding the summe of One hundred and fifty thousand pounds) and pay the same into the Receipt of Your Majestyes Exchequer shall immediately have a Tally of Loane for the same and an Order for repayment bearing the same date with the Talley with a Clause therein inserted for the payment of Interest for such moneys at the rate of eight pounds per Cens per Annu to be paid every three Moneths untill the repayment of the Principall.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That after Orders shall be registred for the repayment of (*) Loanes on this Act not exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand pounds with Interest as aforesaid and the Forces actually disbanded that other Orders of the Lord Treasurer to the Paymaster of the Land Forces for payment for Cloathes and other Necessaries for the Forces to be disbanded by this Act shall be registred in course according to their respective dates and that all Orders for repayment of Money lent shall be registred in course according to the date of the Talley respectively and that all other Orders after the adluall disbanding of the said Forces shall be entred in course according to their respective dates and none of the Orders above mentioned shall have preference one before another but shall be entred in their course according to the dates of the Talleys and the times of bringing their other Orders as they are in point of time respectively before each other And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred in the said Register Booke soe as that the person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his Warrant or Order Warrants or Orders first entred in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings three pence to come in by vertue of this Act, And he or they that shall have his or (3) their Warrants or Orders Warrant or Order next entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course And that the Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings three pence to come in by vertue of this Act shall be in the same order lyeable to the satisfaction of the said repedive party es their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever And that noe Fee or Reward or Gratuity directly or indirectly be demanded or taken of any Your Majesty es Subjects for provideing or makeing any such Bookes Registers Entry es View Searches or Certificate in or for Payment of Money lent or the Interest thereof or for Payment of any Money upon any Order by any of Your Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerks or Deputyes on paine of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending with Costs of Suite, or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to lose his place alsoe, And if any undue preference of one [befbe4] another shall be made either in point of Registry or of Payment contrary to the trCte meaneing of this Act by any such Officer or Officers then the Party offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the party grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office.

And if such preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction or privity of his Master

then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for

ever after [incapeable3] of his Place or Office. And in case the Auditor shall not direct the Order or the Clerke

of the Pells record or the Teller make Payment [accoding6] to each persons due Place and Order as afore-directed then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeite and their respective Deputyes and Clerks herein offending to bee lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in manner as aforesaid All which said Penalty es Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their Deputyes or [Clers7] shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Talleys of Loane beare date or be brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred then it shall be interpreted noe undue preference which of those he enters first soe he enters them all the same day.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any penalty in point of Payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Orders before other persons that did

• Receivor O.

the 0.

* or 0.

4 before 0.

> incacable 0.

• accord in a O.

7 PlwkM O.

A.D. 1678.

30° Car. II. c. 1.

871

not come to demand their Money and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much Money tubsequent Orders reserved as will sadsfie their Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for diem Interest upon demanded,

Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Bank for them.

And bee it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid That every person [and1] persons to whome any Money per^s haring shall be due upon the Two hundred six thousand seven hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and Money due to three pence given by vertue of this Act after Warrant or Order entered in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Payment thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignee by indorsement of his Order or Warrant may assigne Warrants, &c. and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Warrant or Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor for the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry and Memoriall thereof Memorial thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for Warrants which the Officers shall upon request without Fee or Charge accordingly make shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefitt thereof and payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe tories quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignements to make void release or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof

witnout ree.

Assignee may Assign.

Assignments not to be released, See. by Assignor.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in Execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may pleade the Generali Issue Not guilty and upon any issue joyned may give this Act and the speciall matter in evidence and if the Plaindffe or Prosecutor shall become non suite or forbeare further prosecution or suffer discontinuance or if a VerdiCl passe against him the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any case where Costs by law are given to Defendants.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any person haveing beene a Receiver of Money due upon any Act or Acts passed before the begining of this present Session of Parlyament and not haveing accompted for all the Moneys by him received and which ought to have beene accompted for upon such Act or Acts shall be appointed Receiver for any the Moneys due upon this Act and shall intermedle therein every such person shall forfeite the summe of Five hundred pounds to be recovered by any person or persons that will sue for the same in any of his Majestyes Courts of Record by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection Wager of Law Ayd Preyer Priviledge Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise prayed granted or allowed nor any more than one Imparlance.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners or any other Officer that shall be imployed in the Execution of this Act or any thing therein contained shall be lyable for or by reason of their acting or proceeding as Commissioners by vertue of this Act to any of the Penaltyes mentioned in an Act entituled An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants for not takeing the Oathes or Declaration in the said Act expressed in case such Commissioner or Commissioners Officer or Officers have before that time taken the said Oathes and subscribed the Declaration in the recited Act mentioned.

X.

Where A6Hon, See. commenced against Persons executing Ad,

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

XI.

Receivers under former Acts not haring accounted, appointed under this Act, and intermeddling;

Penalty £$oo.

XII. Commissioners executing Ad not liable to Penalties of i$ Car. II. c.s.

'And bee it further enacted That all the respective Forces Regiments Troops and Companies Officers and Soldiers whether in Garrison or out of Garison within this Kingdome of England and Dominion of Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey raised at any rime since the said Twenty nineth of September One thousand six hundred (*) seaven be paid disbanded and discharged at or before the Thirtyeth day of July One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight in such mraner and by such Orders and Directions as His Majesrie shall appoint and by such other Rules and Directions as shall be herein Unfitted and provided.

And bee it further enacted That all other Regiments Troops and Companyes Officers and Soldiers being His Majesty es Subjects whether in Garison or out of Garison in any part of the Spanish Netherlands raised at any time since the said Twenty ninth day of September be paid disbanded and discharged on or before the Six and twentyeth day of August in the said yeare One thousand six hundred seaventy eight in such manner and by such Orders and Directions as His Majesrie shall appoint and by such other Rules and Directions as are herein limitted and appointed.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all Moneys herein before named and mentioned collected levyed and paid by vertue of this Act except the Allowances therein made to the respective Collectors Clerks and Receivers Generali and the usuall Fees of the Officers of the Exchequer and what shall be issued thence for the repayment of Loanes made in pursuance of this Act upon the Credit of the said Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence into the Exchequer and Interest for the same shall be applyed and appropryated and are hereby appropriated to and for the speedy and compleate paying and disbanding the Forces Officers and Soldiers raised since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven and to noe other intent use or purpose whatsoever.

XIII. Regulations is to Payment and disbanding the Forces within the Kingdom.

XIV. The like as to Forces in the Spanish Netherlands.

XV. Monies appropriated to Payment and disbanding of the Forces, Exception of Allowances, Fees, &c.

1 or 0.

'• seaventy and 0.

87 2

30° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 167S.

XVI, Collectors keeping Monies colie ded in their Hands, or unduly paying away the same. Penalty

Receiver General or his Deputy unduly paying Monies received under this Act.

Penalty *£500.

XVII. Treasury not to dire A any Warrant for Payment of Monies other than into the Exchequer, nor for striking of any Tally of Pro or Anticipation.

Teller not to throw down any Bill, &c. till he shall have received Money.

XVIII.

Regulations as to Treasurer signing Warrants, &c. for issuing Monies.

Auditor not to draw Order for issuing Money to any other than Treasurer of the Navy, &c.; nor direct, nor Teller, &c. record or make Payment of such Money otherwise than as mentioned in the Warrant.

XIX. Loans upon the Credit of Ad appropriated to Payment and disbanding of Forces raised since 29th Sept. 1677.

XX.

Treasurer or Paymaster of the Land Forces to keep distinct the Accounts respeding the said Monies.

XXL No Warrant to be signed but for paying and disbanding the Forces.

XXII. Officers misapplying the said Monies.

And for the more effectuall doeing thereof and that the said Moneys hereby given .may be applyed to the use and service aforesaid Bee it further enacted And it is enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That .if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keepe in his hands any part of the said Money by him collected for any longer time then is by this Act directed (other then the allowance made unto him by this Act) or shall pay any part thereof to any person or persons other then the Receiver Generali of such County or Place or his Deputy That every such Collector shall forfeite for every such offence the summe of Five pounds And in case any Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any part of the Moneys paid to him or them by any Collector by vertue of this Act to any person or persons whatsoever other then the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer and that at or within the respective times limitted by this Act or in case such Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any part of the said Moneys by any Warrant of the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or either of them or Comissioners of the Treasury for the time being or upon any Talley of Pro or Talley of Anticipation or other wayes or device whatsoever whereby to [divert or*] hinder the aduall Payment thereof into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid That such Receiver Generali shall for every such offence of himselfe or his Deputy forfeite the Summe of Five hundred pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bill Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law is to be allowed.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Lord Treasurer [or*] Under Treasurer or Comissers of the Treasury for the time being or any of them doe not direct any Warrant to any of the said

Collectors or Receivers Generali or their Deputyes for the Payment of any part of those Moneys to any person or

persons other then into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid nor shall they [nor1] any of them direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for the strikeing of any Talley of Pro or Talley of Anticipation nor doe any other matter or thing whereby to divert the aduall Payment of the said Moneys into the Receipt of the Exchequer nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer direct or strike or record the strikeing of any Talley of Pro or Talley of Anticipation upon any of the said Moneys upon any Account or Warrant whatsoever nor shall any

Teller throw downe [any4] Bill whereby to charge himselfe with any of the said Moneys untill he shall have actually

received the same.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or either of them or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being doe not signe any Warrant or Order or doe any other matter or thing for the issueing any of the said Moneys out of the Exchequer to any person whatsoever other then the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Land-Forces or to and for the speedy and

compleate paying and disbanding the Forces Officers and Soldiers raised since the Twenty nineth of September

One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven or for the Repayment of Loanes upon the Credit of this Act or Interest of the same as by this Act is directed. Nor shall the Auditor of the Receipt draw any Order for the

issueing of any part of the said Moneys to any person whatsoever other then the Treasurer or Paymaster of the

Land Forces or to and for the speedy and compleate paying and disbanding the Forces Officers and Soldiers raised since the Twenty ninth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven or for the repayment of Loanes and Interest for the same as aforesaid, nor shall he direct or the Clerke of the Pells record or the Teller

make Payment of any of the said Moneys by vertue of any Warrant or upon any Order or other way or device

whatsoever other then for the uses aforesaid and to be soe mentioned and expressed in such Warrant and Order.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That all Loanes upon the Credit of this Act be and are hereby appropriated to and for the speedy and compleate paying and disbanding the Forces Officers and Soldiers raised since the Twenty ninth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven nor shall they be issued out' of the Exchequer to any other intent or purpose whatsoever nor by any other Warrant or Order but

wherein it is expressed that the same is to and for the speedy and compleate paying and disbanding the Forces

Officers and Soldiers raised since the Twenty ninth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven nor to any person whatsoever but to the Treasurer and Paymaster of the Land Forces.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Land Forces (of whome good Security shall be first taken by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury) shall keepe all such Moneys paid to him distinct and apart from all other Moneys and that the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Land Forces doe not issue or pay any of the said Moneys but by Warrant expressing that the same is to and for the speedy and compleate paying and disbanding the Forces Officers and Soldiers raised since the Twenty ninth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That such person or persons as doe signe the Warrants to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Land Forces shall not signe any Warrant or doe any other thing for the issueing and paying any of the said Moneys to any use intent or purpose whatsoever other then to and for the speedy and compleate paying and disbanding the Forces Officers and Soldiers raised since the Twenty ninth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven and to be soe expressed in the said Warrant.

And it is further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any of the Officers or other persons aforesaid shall after Receipt of any of the said Moneys divert or misapply the same or any part thereof by vertue of any Warrant from the Lord Treasurer for the time being or other superior Officer contrary to the true intent and

30° Cab. II. c. 1.

873

meaning of this Act that then such Officer or Officers soe diverting or misapplying the said Money shall forfeite the like summe soe diverted or misapplyed which said forfeiture shall be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majestyes Courts [of Record1] at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed One Moyety of which Forfeiture soe to be recovered shall be to the Informer or him that shall sue for the same and the other Moyety thereof to be distributed to the poore of the Parish where such offence shall be committed.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Officer or Officers mentioned in this Act or in any wise belonging to the Exchequer shall wittingly and [willingly1] offend against this Law or any Clause therein by diverting or misapplying any of the Moneys collected by vertue of this Act or any Loane had thereupon contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said Act that for any and every such offence such Officer and Officers soe offending shall forfeite his Office and Place and is and are hereby disabled and made incapeable to hold or execute the said Office or any other Office whatsoever for the future.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Treasurer or Paymaster of the Land Forces shall in the first place pay off and discharge the Wages and Pay due to the Officers and Soldiers at the respective time of their disbanding and shall within twenty dayes after the disbanding of any Regiment Troope or Company or any number of Horse or Foote retume into the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer a Certificate fairely written in Parchment of the Money he paid and the numbers of men together with the dayes of their Muster whereby a due account may appeare thereof and out of the residue of the Money he sail pay and discharge what appeares due for Cloathes and other Necessaries and Charges relateing to the said Forces and shall in like manner retume Certificates of the same into the Exchequer.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That noe stay of prosecution upon any Command Warrant Motion Order or Direction by Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be had made admitted received or allowed by any Court whatsoever in any Suite or Proceeding by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information or otherwise for the recovery of all or any the Paines Forfeitures or Penalties upon any person or persons by this A & inflicted or therein mentioned or for or in order to the Conviction or Disability of any person offending against this % Law

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That noe person to be prosecuted for any offence by diverting or misapplying any Moneys contrary to the intent and meaning of this Act shall be prosecuted thereupon by any Plaint Bill, Action, Suite or Information [unlesse such Bill Plaint Action Suite or Information1] be exhibited and commenced within two yeares next after the offence committed.

Provided alsoe That all such Soldiers as shall be disbanded by vertue of this present Act shall be deemed Inhabitants of such respective Towneshipps Parishes and Hambletts of which they were legally setled Inhabitants next before their Inrollment into his Majestyes Service Any Law to the contrary notwithstanding Soe as such Souldiers soe disbanded doe returne to their respective Habitations where they were last legally setled as aforesaid on or before the Twenty ninth of September next.

And whereas severall persons who are Apprentices and Servants by Indenture or otherwise out of their Loyalty to their Soveraigne and for the good of their Country have taken up Arms and listed themselves in the Army or Forces which are now to be disbanded by reason thereof themselves or their Friends may be sued or molested upon their said Indentures Contracts or Covenants For remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any of the said Persons or Souldiers who shall be disbanded by reason of this Act shall before the Nine

and twentyeth of September next tender himselfe to his said Master to serve out his or their time and if the

said Master shall neglect or refuse to take him or them againe into his service That then and in such case neither he nor they nor any of his or their Suretyes or Friends shall be sued or molested upon his or their Indenture or Indentures or upon any Bonds Contracts and Covenants for or by reason of his or their departing out of his or their said service.

And whereas Your Majestie hath beene at an extraordinary charge in fitting out and prepareing a Royall Navy and provideing Ordnance for the same for the defence of this Your Majestyes Kingdome and alsoe that Your Majesty stands ingaged for the payment of the Marriage Portion of the most Excellent Lady Mary Princesse of Orange Your Majestyes Neece And whereas Wee Your said Majestyes obedient Subjects the Commons of England

in Parlyament assembled are engaged unto Your Majestie for the repayment of the summe of Two hundred

thousand pounds which Your Majestie hath beene pleased to raise upon the Creditt of a certaine Act passed in this present Parlyament in the Twenty ninth yeare of Your Majestyes Raigne entituled An Act for an additionall Excise upon Beere Ale and other Liquors Wee Your Majestyes most Loyall and Dutyfull Subjects the Commons of England in Parliament assembled have for the ends and purposes aforesaid further given and granted and doe hereby give and grant to Your most Excellent Majestie the Summe of sower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings & six pence to be raised leavyed and paid unto Your Majestie as is hereafter directed and appointed And wee doe humbly beseech Your Majestie that it may be enacted and bee it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authority of the same

Vojl. V.

10N

Penalty.

XXIII. The like Offence by any Officer of the Exchequer.

Penalty.

XXIV. Further Regulations at to paying and disbanding the Forces by Paymaster. Certificate by him to Exchequer of Monies paid, &c.

XXV.

No Stay of Prosecution admitted in any Suit for Recovery of Penalties.

XXVI. Limitation of Prosecution.

XXVII. Soldiers disbanded deemed Inhabitants of Parish, &c. where last settled before Enrolment into the Service.

XXVIII. Apprentices, &c. disbanded,rendering themselves to their Masters, and Masters refusing to receive them, not to be sued, &c. on Indenture, &c.

XXIX. Recital that His Majesty has been at great Charge in tatting out a Navy, and Payment of Portion of Princess of Orange.

29C. II. c.s.

8T4

30* Car. II. c. 1

A.D. 167S,

Twelve Months Assetsment of Grtnt of

4^412,925.141.6d. How ptyable.

That the Summe of Fower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings and six pence shall be raised levyed and paid unto Your Majesde within the space of twelve Moneths in manner following (That is to say) The Summe of Thirty sower thousand sower hundred and ten pounds nine shillings six pence halfe penny by the Moneth for twelve Months begining from the Fower and twentyeth day of February which shall be in this present Yeare of Our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight by sower quarterly Payments in the severall Countyes Cittyes Burroughs Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the severall Rates and Proportions and in such manner as is hereafter expressed (That is to say) For every Moneth of the said twelve Moneths

For the County of Bedford the summe of Fower hundred forty eight pounds eight shillings ten pence halfe peny

For the County of Berks the summe of five hundred sixty six pounds three shillings three pence halfe peny The County of Bucks the summe of six hundred fifty seaven pounds thirteene shillings two pence

halfe peny.

The County of Cambridge the summe of five hundred and ten pounds

The Isle of Ely the summe of One hundred seaventy sower pounds eighteene shillings and eleaven pence halfe peny

The County of Chester the summe of three hundred seaventy three pounds eighteene shillings and seaven

pence

The Citty and County of the City of Chester the summe of Twenty six pounds fowerteene shillings and two pence

The County of Cornwall the summe of seaven hundred and seaventy pounds nine shillings one penny

halfe penny.

The County of Cumberland the summe of eighty sower pounds three shillings one halfe peny The County of Derby the summe of sower hundred thirty one pounds sower shillings and two pence The County of Devon the summe of One thousand six hundred and fowerteene pounds nineteene shillings and seaven pence

The City and County of the City of Exon the summe of fifty eight pounds three shillings and eight pence

The County of Dorset the summe of six hundred seaventy two pounds five shillings two pence halfe peny The Towne and County of Poole the summe of five pounds nine shillings and ten pence The County of Durham the summe of One hundred sixty one pounds eighteene shillings sower pence

halfe peny

The County of Yorke with the Gty and County of the City of Yorke and Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull the summe of One thousand seaven hundred thirty sower pounds twelve shillings and seaven pence The County of Essex the summe of One thousand five hundred forty nine pounds sower shillings and five pence

The County of Gloucester the summe of nine hundred and sower pounds five shillings one penny halfe peny* The City and County of the City of Gloucester the summe of nineteene pounds fowerteene shillings The County of Hereford the summe of five hundred sixty five pounds sixteene shillings eight pence The County of Hertford the summe of six hundred seaventy two pounds eighteene shillings one peny

halfe peny.

The County of Huntingdon The summe of three hundred and sixteene pounds seaventeene shillings one peny. The County of Kent with the Gty and County of the City of Canterbury the summe of One thousand six hundred sixty three pounds nine shillings and sower pence.

The County of Lancaster the summe of five hundred and three pounds six shillings and nine pence The County of Leicester the summe of five hundred forty two pounds seaven shillings one peny halfe peny

The County of Lincolne with the Gty and County of the Gty of Lincolne the summe of One thousand two

hundred eighty seaven pounds eleaven shillings

The City of London with the Liberty of Saint Martins Le Grand the summe of Two thousand one hundred forty five pounds fifteene shillings and eight pence

The County of Midlesex with the Gty and Liberty of Westminster the summe of One thousand five hundred and twenty pounds and five shillings.

The County of Monmouth the summe of One hundred ninety five pounds

The County of Northampton the summe of Seaven hundred and six pounds nineteene shillings one peny

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of y* (Towne of1] Nottingham the summe of Fower

hundred thirty six pounds fowerteene shillings The County of Norfolk the summe of One thousand six hundred eighty five pounds six shillings The City and County of the Gty of Norwich the summe of Ninety [pounds1]

The County of Northumberland with the Towns of Newcastle and Barwicke upon Tweede the summe of One hundred eighty six pounds seaven shillings and ten pence

The County of Oxon the summe of Five hundred sixty seaven pounds fifteene shillings sower pence.

The County of Rutland the summe of One hundred and twenty pounds sower shillings five pence halfe penny The County of Salop the summe of Six hundred and one pounds seaventeene shillings one peny

30° Car. II. c. 1.

875

The County of Stafford the summe of Foure hundred twenty six pounds five shillings and ten pence The City and County of the City of Litchfeild the summe of Six pounds ten shillings The County of Somerset the summe of One thousand three hundred eighty five pounds fifteene shillings and sower pence

The City and County of the City of Bristoll the summe of Ninety nine pounds fowerteene shillings and two pence

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and Isle of Wight the summe of One thousand ninety sower pounds fourteene shillings and sower pence The County of Suffolke the summe of One thousand six hundred forty nine pounds five shillings and sower pence

The County of Surrey with the Burrough of Southwarke the summe of Seaven hundred ninety eight pounds ten shillings and one peny

The County of Sussex the sume of Nine hundred and ten pounds thirteene shillings and ten pence halfe peny

The County of Warwicke with the City and County of the City of Coventry the summe of Five hundred

ninety six pounds sower shillings sower pence halfe peny

The County of Worcester the summe of Five hundred twenty six pounds nineteene shillings six pence The City and County of the City of Worcester the summe of Twenty seaven pounds fowerteene shillings and nine pence

The County of Wilts the summe of Nine hundred eighty three pounds eight shillings nine pence halfe peny

The County of Westmorland the summe of Fifty eight pounds

The County of Anglesey the summe of sixty two pounds sixteene shillings and ten pence The County of Brecknocke the summe of One hundred forty one pounds five shillings two pence three farthings

The County of Cardigan the summe of Fifty two pounds seaventeene shillings ten pence three farthings The County of Carmarthen the summe of One hundred thirty six pounds three shillings and sower pence The County of Camarvan the summe of Seaventy three pounds six shillings one peny.

The County of Denbigh the summe of One hundred eleaven pounds fifteene shillings three pence halfe peny. The County of Flint the summe of Fifty nine pounds eight shillings eight pence

The County of Glamorgan the summe of One hundred eighty nine pounds eight shillings and eleaven pence

The County of Merioneth the summe of fifty pounds eight shillings and one halfe peny

The County of Montgomery the summe of One hundred and thirty eight pounds six shillings and one penny

The County of Pembrooke the summe of One hundred sixty three pounds five shillings

The County of Radnor the summe of Eighty seaven pounds three shillings and sower pence

The Towne and County of Haverford West the summe of Seaven pounds eleaven shillings eight pence halfe peny.

And bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That for the better ordering and levying of the said Twelve Moneths Assessment soe as aforesaid limitted and appointed to be paid That all and every the persons appointed for the assessing and raising the said Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeen shillings and three pence shall be Commissioners for assessing and raiseing the said Fower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings and six pence within all and every the severall and respective Countyes Cities Burroughs Townes and Places as is .herein before mentioned.

And bee it further enacted and declared That the severall Commissioners aforesaid shall meete together at the most usuall and common Place of meeting within each of the said Countyes Cityes Burroughs Townes and Places respectively on or before the Three and twentyeth day of March next And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the said first Generali Meeting or the major part of them are hereby authorized and required to put this present Act in Execution according to the best of their Judgements and Discretions and shall then if they see cause subdivide and distribute themselves into lesser numbers as two or more of the said Commissioners may be appointed for the service of each Hundred or other Division and as may best conduce to the carrying on of His Majestyes Service hereby required.

And for the more effectuall [performing1] thereof bee it enacted and declared That the Commissioners at their aforesaid first Generali Meeting or the major part of them shall agree and sett downe in writeing who [ora] what number of the said Commissioners shall act in each of the said Divisions or Hundreds and shall deliver a true Copy of such writeing to the Receiver Generali to the end that there be noe sailer in any part of the due execution of the service by this Act required.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Receiver Generali from time to time within the space of one Moneth next after he shall have received the full summe that shall be charged upon any Hundred or Division for each particular payment that is to be made to such Receiver Generali by vertue of this Act shall give to the Commissioners that shall act in such Hundred or Division a Receipt under his hand and seale acknowledgeing his Receipt of the full summe charged upon such Hundred or Division for such particular payment which Receipt shall be a full discharge of such Hundred or Division for such particular payment both against His Majestie His Heires and Successors

XXX. Appointment of Commissioner!.

XXXI. Commissioner! to meet together on or before 2 td D?y of March ; ^ and may divide themselves.

XXXII.

To declare what Number shall a ft in each Division.

XXXIII. Receiver General to give to Commissioners Receipts for Payments made.

1 performance 0.

1 and O.

30° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1678.

XXXIV.

T woCommiwioner* may cause Proportions charged on Divisions to be taxed, and appoint Assessors.

The Duty of Assessors.

XXXV.

First Payment to Receiver General on 34th May 1678.

Second Payment on 24th August 1679.

Third Payment on 24th Nov. 1679.

Fourth and last Payment on 24th Feb. 1679.

XXXVI. Assessors to deliver a Copy of Assessment subscribed by them to Commissioners,who are to sign and seal Two Duplicates, thereof, and deliver one to Collectors.

Commissioners to deliver a Schedule of Sums assessed to Receiver General to be transmitted to the Exchequer*

XXXVII. Collectors to pay Money received by them to Receiver General, who is to give Notice to Commissioners.

Receipt of Receiver General a Discharge.

XXXVIII. Particular Collectors to £ay in Money received by them to Receiver General,

Not obliged to travel more than 10 Miles to pay Money.

Salary to Receiver General.

XXXIX. Allowance to Collectors.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Commissioners within the sererail Divisions or Hundreds or any two or more of them are hereby authorized and required to cause the(') sererail proportions charged on the respective Divisions and on every Parish and Place therein for the said Twelve Moneths Assessment to be equally assessed and taxed and to appoint two or more Assessors in each Parish or Place for the perfecting thereof who are hereby required with all care and diligence to assesse the same equally by a Pound rate upon all Lands Tenements Hereditaments Annuities Rents Parks Warrens Goods Chattells Stocke Merchandkes Offices (other then Military Offices and Offices relateing to the Navy under the Command of the Lord High Admirall and Offices within His Majestyes Household) Tolls Proffitts and all other Estates both Reall and PersonaD within the limitts circuits and bounds of their respective Parishes and Places.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe penny being the first of the said fewer Quarterly payments hereby imposed shall be assessed collected levyed and paid unto the Receiver Generali of the said severall Countyes who shall be appointed by his Majestie on or before the Fower and twentyeth day of May One thousand six hundred seaventy eight, And the summe of one hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe peny being the second of the said Fower Quarterly payments on or before the Fower and twentyeth day of August One thousand six hundred seaventy nine. And the summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe peny being the Third of the said Fower Quarterly payments on or before the sower and twentyeth day of November One thousand six hundred seaventy nine. And the summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe penny being the Fowerth and last of the said Fower Quarterly payments on or before the Fower and twentyeth day of February One thousand six hundred seaventy nine.

And for the compleating of the whole summe charged upon the same and to the end the aforesaid summes makeing together Fower hundred twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteen shillings and six pence charged upon the severall and respective Countyes Cityes Burroughs Townes and Places may be equally and indifferently assessed according to the true intent of this Act and the Money duely collected and true account thereof made the said Assessors are hereby required to deliver one Copy of their respective Assesments fairely written and subscribed by them unto the said ComisSers and the said Commissioners or any two or more of them are hereby ordered and required to signe and seale two Duplicates of the said Assesments, and the one of them to deliver or cause to be delivered to one or more honest and responsable person or persons to be Collector or Collectors which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint for each Parish or Place with Warrant to the said Collector or Collectors to collect the said Assesment payable as aforesaid soe as the said severall summes may be paid into the [said1] Receivers Generali at the respective times aforesaid. And the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Schedule or Note containing the particular summes assessed upon each Parish or Place to the Receiver Generali of each County City Burrough Towne or Place respectively to be by him the said Receiver Generali transmitted into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer which the said Receiver Generali is required to performe accordingly.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Money received by the said Collectors within the respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be duely paid to the Receiver Generali or to his Deputy or Deputyes to be appointed under his hand and seale whereof notice under the hand and seale of the Receiver Generali shall be given unto the Commissioners or any two of them within the respective Divisions or Hundreds within ten dayes after the first Generali Meeting and soe from time to time within ten dayes after every death or removeall of any Deputy if any such shall happen And the Receipt of such Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes or any of them shall be a sufficient discharge unto every such Collector

And bee it further enacted and declared That the particular Collectors are hereby required to pay in all and every the Summes soe received by them unto the said Receivers Generali aforesaid or their Deputy or Deputyes for payment whereof the said Collectors shall not be obliged to travell above Ten miles from the Places of their Habitations which said Receivers Generali are hereby required forthwith to transmitt or cause to be paid the moneys by them received into the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer and the said Lord Treasurer is hereby authorized to allow the said Receiver Generali of each County City and Towne respectively in case he hath returned up as aforesaid a Duplicate of the Assesment of each Parish or Place in the County City or Towne for which he is appointed Receiver Generali a Salary for his Paines not exceeding Two pence in the pound upon the clearing of his Account which Duplicate soe to be returned into the Kings Remembrancers Office in the Exchequer is intended to containe noe more then the Summes in Grosse to be collected by each Collector and the severall Names of the said Collectors.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That the Collectors of each Parish or Place which shall be appointed [Collectors3] by vertue of this Act shall upon Collection of the whole Summe appointed to be collected by them and payment thereof as is hereby before appointed have and receive for their paines in collecting and paying the Moneys Fower pence in the pound which the said Collectors are impowered to detaine out of the last payment of the Money of their severall and respective Fower Quarterly Payments And the said Receiver Generali upon

30° Car. II. c. 1.

877

the Receipt of the whole Assessment of the County City or Towne for which he is appointed Receiver Generali Allowance in case he hath received the severall Duplicates of each Parish or Place therein and not otherwise shall allow and Com^ii*ioLr«. pay according to such Warrant as shall be in that behalfe given by the said Commissioners or any three of them One penny in the Pound for the Commissioners Clerks for their paines in faire writeing the Assesments Duplicates and Copyes.

And bee it further enacted and declared That if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay any Summe of Money XL. whereat he shall be rated and assessed that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Collectors or any of them who are hereby authorized and required thereto to levy the Summe assessed by distresse and sale of the pay;

Goods of such person soe refuseing or neglecting to pay deducting the Summe assessed and reasonable charges DirtreM-

of destraining and restoreing the overplus to the Owner thereof and to breake open in the day time any House Colleaors may

and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seales of two or more of the said Commissioners any Chest Trunke Box Doo^,

or other things where any such Goods are and to call to their assistance the Constables Tythingmen and Headburroughs calling in Coosta-

within the Countyes Cityes Townes and Places where any refusall neglect or resistance shall be made which said

Officers are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the Premisses as they will answere the contrary at their

perills.

And if any question or difference happen upon takeing of such distresses upon the partyes distressed or destrained the same shall be ended and determined by the said Commissioners or any two or more of them. Distress determined

by Commissioners.

And if any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his or their Assessment or convey his or their Goods or other personall Estate whereby the Summes of Money soe assessed cannot be levyed according to this Act Then the respective Commissioners or any two or more of them are hereby authorized to imprison the person (except a Peere or Peeres of this Realme) and him and them in Prison to detaine and keepe untill the Moneys soe assessed and the Charges for the bringing in the same be paid and sadsfyed and noe longer And the severall and respective Tenant or Tenants of all Houses and Lands which shall be rated by vertue of this Act are hereby [authorized and required '] to pay such Summe or Summes of Money as shall be rated upon such Houses or Lands and to deduct out of the Rent soe much of the said* Rates as in respect of the said Rents of every such House and Lands the Landlord should and ought tp pay and beare and the said Landlords both mediate and immediate according to their respective Interests are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments upon the Receipt of the residue of their Rents.

XLH. Persons conveying away Goods, &c.

Commissioners may imprison, except Peers. Tenants may par Rate, and deautt.

Landlords to allow Deduction.

And it is enacted and declared That every Tenant paying the said Assessment shall be acquitted and discharged for soe much Money as the said Assessment shall amount unto as if the same had beene actually paid unto such person or persons to whome his Rents should have beene due and payable.

XLIII. Tenant paying, acquitted to amount of Payment.

And if any differences shall arise betweene Landlord and Tenant or any other concerning the said Rates the said severall Commissioners or any two or more of them in their severall Divisions shall and have hereby power to setle the same as they shall thinke fitt And if ?ny person or persons shall finde him or themselves agreived in that the Assessors have overrated him or them \md shall in six dayes after demand made of the Summe of Money assessed on him or them complaine to two or more Commissioners whereof one of the Commissioners who signed or allowed his or their Assesments to be one the said Commissioners or any two or more of them shall have and have hereby power within twelve dayes after the demand of the Assessment as aforesaid to relieve such person or persons and to charge the same on such other person or persons as they shall see cause

XLIV.

If Difference between Landlord and Tenant at to Rate, Commissioner* may settle the

If over Rate, appeal to Commissioners.

And in case the proportion sett by this Act upon all and every the respective Countyes Cities Townes and Places shall not be fully assessed levyed and paid according to the true meaneing hereof or that if any of the said Assessments shall be rated and imposed upon any person not being of ability to pay the same or upon any empty or void House or Land where the same cannot be collected or levyed or that through any wilfulnes negligence mistake or accident the said Assessment charged on each County City Towne or Place by vertue of this Act happens not to be paid to the Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes of the respective Countyes as in this Act is directed That then in all and every such Cases the severall and respective Commissioners Assessors and Collectors aforesaid and every of them respectively are hereby authorized and required to assesse or reassesse or cause to be assessed or reassessed levyed and paid all and every such summe and summes of Money upon the respective Countyes Cityes Townes and Places or upon any the Divisions Hundreds and Parishes therein as to the said Commissioners or such number of them as by this Act are authorized to cause the first Assessment hereby required to be made shall seeme most agreeable to Equity and Justice the said new Assessment to be made collected and paid in such manner and by such meanes as in this Act for this Assessment is declared and directed

And bee it further declared and enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That if any person or persons shall wilfully neglect or refuse to performe his or their duty in the due and speedy execution of this present Act the said respective Commissioners or any three or more of them have hereby power to impose on such person or persons soe refuseing or neglecting their dutyes such Fine or Fines as by them shall be thought fitt and to cause the same

XLV.

In case Proportions of Rate are not fully assessed, or assessed upon Persons not of Ability; or upon Empty House, &c.; or. if Assessments not paid to Receiver General; Commissioners, Assessors, &c. are to assess or

Such new Assessment to be made, &c. as the former Assessment.

XLVI. Persons not executing Ad, Commissioners may fine not exceeding j£ao, for One Offence to be levied by Distress;

required and authorized O.

io O

30° Car. II. c.l.

A.D. 1678.

and paid to Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer*

XLVII. Collector neglecting to pay, or detaining Monies;

Proceedings by Commissioners.

Commissioners so proceeding, to appoint a General Meeting of Commissioners. Notice thereof. Collectors not paying; Proceedings by Commissioners, or such General Meeting.

XLVIII.

At the Expiration of Times for quarterly Payments, Commissioners are to call Collectors before them, See.

and in case of Failure, Commissioners to cause same to be levied and paid.

XLIX.

On Questions in which Commissioners concerned, they have no Voice.

L.

Privileged Places or Persons, &c. not exempt from Assessment.

Fee Farm and other Rents, Annuities, &c. liable.

Tenants to pay proportionally; indemnified from further Payment.

LI. Proviso for the Colleges in the Two Universities, the Colleges of Windsor, Eton, Winchester, and Westminster, and for Hospitals, in respect of the Scites of Colleges, See.

to be levyed by distresse and sale of his and their Goods. Provided That noe Fine to be imposed by any of the said Commissioners shall for any one offence exceede the summe of Twenty pounds and that alt Fines dial shill be imposed by vertue of this Act shall be paid to the respective Receivers Generali and by them to the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer.

And it is further enacted and declared That if any Collector that shall by vertue of this Act be appointed for the receipt of any summe or summes of Money thereby to be assessed neglect of refuse to pay any summe or summes of Money which shall by him be received as aforesaid and to pay the same as in and by this Act is directed & shall [detaine in his or their Hands any Money received by them or any of them & not pay the same as by this Act is direded1] the Commissioners of each County City (*) Towne respectively or any two or more of them in their respective Divisions are hereby authorized and impowered to imprison the person and seize and secure the Estate both Reall and Personall of such Collector to him belonging or which shall descend or come into the Hands or possession of his Heires Executors or Administrators where ever the same can be discovered and found And the said Commissioners who shall soe seize and secure the Estate of any Collector or Collectors shall be and are hereby impowered to appoint a time for the Generali Meeting of the Commissioners for such County City Towne or Place and there to cause publique notice to be given at the place where such Meeting shall be appointed ten dayes at least before such Generali Meeting and the Commissioners present at such Generali Meeting or the major part of them in case the Moneys detained by any Collector or Collectors be not paid or satisfyed as it ought to be according to the directions of this Act shall and are hereby impowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates which shall be for the cause aforesaid seized and secured or any part of them and satisfie and pay such County and Place the summe that shall be soe detained in the hands of such Collector or Collectors their Heires Executors and Administrators respectively.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That at the Expiration of the respective times in this Act prescribed for the foil payment of the said Fower Quarterly Assessments the severall and respective Commissioners or any two of them within their Division and Hundred shall and are hereby required to call before them the Collectors within each respective Division and Hundred to examine and assure themselves of the foil and whole payment of the particular summe and summes of Money charged upon the same Division Hundred and every Parish and Place therein and of the due retume of the same into the Hands of the Receivers Generali their Deputy or Deputy es of the said County City Towne and Place respectively and by such Receiver Generali into the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer to the end there may be noe sailer(0of any part of the Assessment by vertue of this Act to be assessed and paid nor any Arreares remaine chargeable upon the said County es Cityes Townes or Places respectively and in case of any sailer in the Premisses the said Commissioners or any two of them are hereby to cause the same to be forthwith levyed and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

And it is hereby enacted and declared That in case any Controversie arise concerning the said Assessment or the divideing apportioning or payment thereof which concerns any the Commissioners by this Act appointed That the Commissioners soe concerned in the said Controversie shall have noe voice but shall withdraw at the time of the debate of any such Controversie untill it bee determined by the rest of the Commissioners

And bee it hereby enacted and declared That noe priviledged Place or Person Body Pollitique or Corporate within the County es Cityes and Townes aforesaid shall bee exempted from the said Assessments and Taxes and that they and every of them and alsoe all Fee Farme Rents and all other manner of Rents Payments Summes of Money Annuityes issueing out of any Lands within City or County shall be lyable towards the payment of every Summe by this Act to be taxed and levyed and all the Tenants of every Fee Farme Rent other Rent Summes of Money or Annuityes aforesaid are hereby directed and authorized to pay them proportionably according to the Rates and Assessments by this Act directed and appointed and all such Tenants shall be hereby saved and kept harmelesse by authoritie of this Act from any further payment of such Portion of any such Rent Rents Summes or Annuityes either to the Exchequer or to any other person or persons to whome any such Rent Rents Summes of Money or Annuityes as aforesaid should or ought to be paid to all intents and purposes whatsoever as folly and amply as if they had paid the same into the Exchequer or to any person or persons to whome the same is reserved or become due.

Provided That nothing contained in this Act be extended to charge any Colledge or Hall in either of the two Universities or of the Colledges of Windsor Eaton Winton or Westminster or any Hospitall for or in respect of the Scites of [any4] the said Colledges Halls or Hospitalls nor any Master Fellow or Scholler of any such Colledge or Hall or in any other Free Schools or any Reader Officer or Minister of the said University es Colledges or Schools or of any Hospitalls or Almeshouses for or in respect of any Stipend Wages or Proffitts whatsoever arisemg or growing due to them in respect of their said severall Places and Imployments in the said Universities Colledges Schools Hospitalls or Almeshouses nor to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to Christs Hospitall Saint Bartholimews Bridewell Saint Thomas and Bethlehem Hospitall in the City of London and Burrough of Southwarke or any of them for or in respect of any Rents or Revenews payable to the said Hospitalls being to be received and disbursed for the immediate use and reliefe of the poore in the said Hospitalls.

30° Car. II. c.l.

879

A.D. 1678.

Provided That noe Tennants that hold and enjoy any Lands or Houses by Lease or other Grant from any of the said Hosphalls doe claime and enjoy any freedome exemption or advantage by this Act but that all the Houses and Lands which they soe hold shall be rated and assessed for soe much as they are yearely worth over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said HospitalU,

Provided alsoe That where any person inhabiting within the City of London hath his Dwelling House in cme of the Parishes or Wards therein and hath any Goods Wares or Merchandices in one [or morel] of the other Parishes or Wards within the same That then such person shall be charged taxed and assessed for such his Goods or Merchandices in the Parishes or Ward where he dwelleth and not elsewhere within the said City.

Provided neverthelesse That noe Clause or Provisoe in this A & shall extend to the lessening or abatement of the full Summe by this A & appointed to be taxed levyed collected and paid but that the same be fully assessed taxed [collected levyed1] and paid in the severall and respective Countyes Cityes and Townes aforesaid in such manner and forme and to such uses as herein before is mentioned and declared

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby enacted and declared That in case the way or manner of assessing by a Pound Rate shall prove any wayes prejudiciall or obstructive to the said speedy bringing in of the Assessment or any part thereof appointed by this Act That then and in all such cases the respective Commissioners or any two or more of them are hereby authorized to order and direct their respective Assessors who are hereby required to proceede Accordingly to assesse the respective Summes charged on the respective Countyes Cityes and Burroughs Towns and Places mentioned in this Act according to the most just and usuall Rates held and pradiced in such Countyes Cityes Burroughs Townes and Places respectively Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter change determine or make void any Contracts Covenants or Agreements whatsoever betweene the Landlord and Tenant touching the payment of Taxes and Assessments Any thing herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That for the avoiding of all obstructions and delayes in collecting the summes by this Act to be rated and assessed all Places Constablewicks Divisions and Allotments which have used to be rated and assessed shall pay and be assessed in such County Hundred Rape or Wapentake as the same have heretofore beene usually assessed in and not elsewhere.

And bee it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any Action Plaint Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act for or concerning the assessing collecting levying and raising the said summe of Fower hundred twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings and six pence such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall and may pleade the Generali Issue (Not guilty) and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the speciall matter in evidence and if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further Prosecution or suffer a Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendants shall recover their treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any case where Costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act shall [be construed to extend or3] invalidate a Decree lately made in the High Court of Chauncery for the quieting of Suites betweene the Countyes of Salop and Stafford and for the setleing all future payments to be imposed on certaine Lands in Sheriffe Hales within the County of Salop and for exempting the said Lands from paying hereafter with the County of Stafford but that the said Decree shall remaine in such (and noe other) force as it did before the makeing of this Act Any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the severall Receivers Generali which shall be appointed according to this Act their Deputy or Deputyes shall from time to time at every payment appointed thereby give unto the severall Collectors within their respective Precincts upon the payment of the whole summe due at such times of payment from their respective Parishes Constablewicks or Places within each of their Collections severall Acquittances under their hands without takeing any thing for the same and that in like manner at every time of payment appointed by this Act the Receiver Generali of each County his Deputy or Deputyes shall give unto the severall Collectors aforesaid upon the payment of the whole summe or any part thereof due for their Parish or Place respectively at each time of Payment aforesaid severall Acquittances under their hands and scales without takeing any thing for the same which said Acquittance of the Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes shall be a [sufficient4] Discharge to the Collectors [& the said Acquittances of the Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Collectors'] and to such Parish and Place respectively and to every person charged within the said Collectors Charge against His Majestie His Hcires and Successors for the summe [and5] summes of Money soe acquitted.

HI. Houses held by Lease from Hospitals to be rated at their yearly Value.

LIII. Person having a House in one Parish, See. and Goods in another, to be charged for such Goods, See. where he dwells.

LIV.

No Clause in this Act to extend to lessen the Rate.

LV.

Proceedings in case the assessing by Pound Rate be found to obstru# the speedy bringing in of the Assessment.

LVI. Proviso for Contract between Landlords and Tenants.

LVII. Places used to be assessed, to be assessed and pay in such Counties, Scc. as heretofore.

LVIII. Action brought touching Execution of this Act;

General Issue;

Treble Costs.

LIX. Proviso for a Decree in Chancery respecting Lands iq Sheriff Hides, 6cc.

LX.

Receivers General and their Deputies to give Acquittances to Collectors without Fee.

Such Acquittances to be a Discharge.

30° Car. II. c. i.

A.D. 1678.

LXI. Where Lands, See. unoccupied, and no Distress found, Collectort, Conatablet, &c. of Parish obliged to pay may enter and distrains

Proceedings

thereon.

Lxn.

Where Wood-lands assessed, and no Distress had, Collectors, &c. may enter and cut Wood, dec. growing;

Buyers of such Wood may sell the same, rendering Overplus to Owner.

LXIIl. Proceedings where Assessment charged on Property not distrainable.

LXIV. Commissioners for Middlesex may appoint Assessors to rate Offices,

who are to deliver Surveys to Commissioners;

to the end that an equal Pound Rate may be apportioned.

LXV. Proviso for Peers, Clergy, Cinque Ports, ftre.

LXVI. Receiver General certifying Arrears due where Monies have been received 5

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish or Place or Constablewick shall be unoccupyed and noe Distresses can be found on the same by reason whereof the said Parish Place or Constablewicke are forced to pay and make good the Taxe assessed upon the said I^nri lyemg unoccupyed that then it shall and may be lawfull at any time after for the Collectors Constables or Tythingmen of the said Parish Place or Constablewicke for the time being to enter and destraine upon the said I^ands or Houses when there shall be any Distresse thereupon to be found and the Distresse and Distresses being the proper Goods of the owner or any claimeing any Estate Interest o* Proffitt under him if not redeemed within sower dayes by payment of the Taxe and charge of the Distresse to sell rendering the overplus to the owner or owners of such Distresse and the said Collector Constable or Tythingman is hereby enjoyned to distribute the Money raised by the said Distresse or sale thereof proportionably to the partyes who contributed to the Tax of the said unoccupyed Lands.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That where any Woodlands shall be assessed and noe Distresse can be

had That in such case it shall and may be lawfull (1) for any Constable Collector Headburrough or Tythingman by

Warrant under the hands and seales of two or more of the Commissioners of that Hundred or Division at seasonable times of the yeare to cutt and sell to any person or persons soe much of the Wood growing on the

Woodlands soe assessed as will pay the Assessment or Assessments to be behinde and unpaid and the Charge

incident therunto And that it shall and may be lawfull for the person and persons and his and their Assignee to whome such Woods shall be sold to sell cutt downe dispose and carry away the same to his owne use rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner Any [thing*] to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted That where any Tax or Assessment shall be (*) laid upon any

Tythes Tolls Proffitts of Markets Faires or Fishery or other Annuall Proffitts not distrainable in case the same

shall not be paid within Fifteene dayes after such Assessment soe charged or laid and demanded then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Collector Constable or other Officer thereunto appointed by Warrant under the hands and seales of any two or more of the Commissioners authorized by this. Act to seize take and sell

soe much of the said Tythes Tolls and other Proffitts soe charged as shall be sufficient for the levying of the

said Taxe and Assessments and all Charges occasioned by such non payment thereof rendering the overplus to the Owner (if any be)

And whereas the County of Midlesex and City of Westminster are raised in the Monethly Assesments by reason of the new Buildings lately erected and that Offices are made chargeable towards the payment of such Assessments to the end that an equal! Rate may be made and imposed upon the severall Divisions Parishes and Hambletts within the said County and City Bee it enacted by this present Parlyament and the Authoritie thereof That the said Commissioners appointed for the s?id County and City of Westminster or any Three of them «h*ll (if they shall thinke fitt) cause two or three of the honest and able Inhabitants in the severall and respective Parishes Towneshipps and Places within the said County and City to be named and appointed Assessors who (or any two of them) are to ascertaine and rate the yearely value and proffitts of all Offices belonging to the Courts at Westminster and other Offices chargeable by this Act towards the payment of the said summe sett upon the said County and City and all Towneshipps Parishes and Places for which they are appointed Assessors and to retume the same to the said Commissioners or to such persons as shall be appointed to receive the same which said Assessors are to deliver in their severall Surveys perfected and subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners or unto such person or persons as shall be appointed by them or any three or more of them to receive the same two or three dayes at least before the second Generali Meeting of the said Commissioners to the end that the said Commissioners may deliver in all the severall Surveys to be made throughout the said County a: the said second Generali Meeting at which said Generali Meeting the said Commissioners or the major part of them [then4] present shall upon view and perusal! of the said severall Surveyes cast up the true Revenue and yearely Proffitts of the whole County City and Offices aforesaid to the end that an equall Pound Rate may be apportioned upon every Office chargeable by this Act Division Hundred Towneshipp and Parish according to the proportion and summe of Money charged upon the said County and City by vertue of this present Act which the said Commissioners or the major part of them then and there assembled are by vertue of this Act authorized and appointed to proportion and make accordingly.

Provided alwayes That nothing herein contained shall be drawne into example to the prejudice of the auntient Rights belonging to the Lords Spirituall and Temporall or Clergy of this Realme or unto either of th^ University es or unto any Colledges Schools Alms-houses Hospitalls or Cinque Ports.

And for the better preventing of such unjust vexations as might be occasioned by such persons as shall be appointed Receivers Generali of any of the summes of money granted by this Act and to the intent that the said Receivers Generali may returne a true account into his Majestyes Court of Exchequer of such summes of Money as shall be received by them and every of them their and every of their Deputy and Deputyes Bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any such Receiver Generali shall returne or cerdfie into the said Court any summe or summes of Money to be in arreare or unpaid after the same have beene received either by such Receiver Generali or by his Deputy or Deputyes or any of them or shall cause any person or

* to and 0. * Law 0. 3 charged or 0. 4 interlined on the Roll.

30° Car. II. c. 1.

881

B

persons to be sett insuper in the said Court for any Summe or Summes of Money that natn beene soe received That then every such Receiver Generali shall forfeite to every person and persons that shall be molested vexed or damaged by reason of such unjust Certificate Returne or setting insuper treble the damages that shall be thereby occasioned the said damages to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in which noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance and shall Msoe forfeite to His Majesde His Heires and Successors double the Summe that shall be soe unjustly certifyed or returned or caused to be sett insuper.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said Fower Quarterly Payments of Thirty sower thousand sower hundred and ten pounds nine shillings six pence halfe peny per mensem amounting in each Quarter to the Summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings seaven pence halfe peny shall be assessed collected levyed and paid to the Receiver Generali of the severall Countyes that shall be appointed by the times mentioned and expressed in this Act and shall be paid by the said Receivers Generali into His Majesties Receipt of Exchequer within twenty dayes after the times mentioned and expressed in this Act.

Penalty to Party.

Penalty to His Majesty.

LX VI I. Quarterly Payments to be made to Receivers General, and by them into Exchequer, within ao Day* after the Time* before mentioned.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keepe in his hand any part of the Money by him collected for any longer time then is by this Act directed other then the Allowance made unto him by this Act or shall pay any part thereof to any person or persons other then the Receivers Generali of such County or place or his Deputy That every such Collector shall forfeite for every such offence the summe of Five pounds and in case any Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any part of the Moneys paid to him or them by any Collectors by vertue of this Act to any person or persons (1) other then into the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer and that at or within the respective times limitted within this Act or in case such Receiver Generali or his Deputy shall pay any part of the said Moneys by any Warrant of the Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or either of them or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time or by any Tally of Pro or Talley of Anticipation or other way or device whatsoever whereby to divert or hinder the a&uall payment thereof into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid That such Receiver Generali shall for every such offence of himselfe or his Deputy forfeite the summe of Five hundred pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bill Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law is to be allowed.

LXVIII.

Collector unduly keeping Money in Hand, or paying to Persons other than Receiver General, &c.

Penalty ^5.

Receiver General or Deputy paying tn any other tnan Excliequer 5 or paying otherwise so as to hinder Payment into Exchequer;

Penalty on Receiver General, 4^500.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any of them doe not direct any Warrant to any of the said Collectors or Receivers Generali or their Deputyes for the payment of any part of these Moneys to any person or persons other then into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid Nor shall they or any of them direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for the strikeing of any Talley of Pro or Talley of Anticipation nor doe any other matter or thing whereby to divert the a&uall payment of the said Moneys into the Receipt of the Exchequer nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer strike or direct or record the strikeing of any Talley of Pro or Talley of Anticipation upon any of the said Moneys upon any account or Warrant whatsoever nor shall the Teller throw downe a Bill whereby to charge himselfe with any of the said Moneys untill he shall have actually received the same

LXIX. Treasury not to direct Warrrant to Collectors, See. for Payment other tnan into Exchequer nor to Officers of Exchequer for striking of Tallies of Pro, &c. Officer not to strike, Sec. any such Tally, See.

And bee it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid That all and every person and persons who shall lend any Moneys not exceeding the summe of Two hundred thousand pound to His Majestie upon the Credit of the Fower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings and six pence given by this Act and pay the same into the Exchequer shall immediately have a Talley of Loane strucke for the same and an Order for his repayment beareing the same date with his Talley in which Order shall be alsoe contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for forbearance after the Rate of Seaven pounds per Cens per Annu for his consideration to be paid every three moneths untill the repayment of his Principall.

And bee it further enacted That there shall be provided and kept in His Majestyes Exchequer (to witt) in the Office of the Writer of the Talleys and Counter Talleys at the Receipt of the Exchequer commonly called the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt one Booke or Register in which all Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid upon the said Fower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings and six pence shall be entred and registred apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to His Majestie upon any other account whatsoever and that there be one other Booke or Registry provided and kept in the said Office of all Orders and Warrants to be made by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or by the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being for payment of all and every summe and summes of Money to all persons for Moneys lent upon the Creditt of (x) the said Fower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings and six pence and alsoe of all other Orders to be made by the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or either of them or by the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being for payment of any of the said Moneys by His Majestyes direction and that alsoe there shall be the like Booke or Registry provided and kept by the said Writer of the Talleys or Auditor as aforesaid of all Moneys paid out or issued by vertue of such Orders and Warrants.

LXX. Persons lending Money to have Tally of Loan, and Order for Repayment with Interest at £7. per Cent, per Ann. payable every Three Months.

LXXX. Books to be provided.

Officer of Exchequer to keep Accounts of the said Monies distinct.

10 P

30° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 167S

LXXII.

Orders for Repayment to be registered according to Date of Tally, and paid in course.

LXXIII. Persons having their Orders first entered to be paid first, and so successively.

LXXIV. Monies to come in by this Act liable to satisfy such Loans.

LXXV.

No Fee for

making ^ooks, &c. or for Payment of Money lent. Penalty. Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer ; Penalty.

Undue Preference by Deputy; Penally.

LXXVI. Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller not making Payments in due Order

Penalty.

How all such Penalties to be recovered.

LXXVII. Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day.

LXXVIII. Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Order£

LXXIX.

Orders for Payment of Money lent may be assigned by Indorsement.

3

And that it shall be lawfull for any person or persons willing to lend any Money on the Credit of the said

Fower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings and six pence given by

this Act and for any other person who is to have Orders registred thereupon at the usuall [time1] when the Exchequer shall be open to have accesse into and view and peruse all and every or any of the said Bookes for their Information of the state of those Moneys and all ingagements upon them for their better encouragement to lend any Moneys as aforesaid and all Orders for repayment of Moneys lent, shall be registred in course according to the Date of the Talleys respectively and that all other Orders for payments directed by His Majesde shall be registred in course according to the times of bringing the same to the Office of the Writer of the Talleys and none of the said Orders for Moneys shall have preference one before another but shall be entred in their course as they are in point of time respectively before each other

And all and every person and persons shall be paid in course according as their Orders shall stand entred in

the said Registers Booke of the Receipt soe as the person Native or [Forreigner*] his or her Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his or her Warrant or Order Warrants or Orders first entred in the said Booke of Registry in the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be taken and accounted as the first person to bee paid upon the said Fower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings and six pence to come in by vertue of this Act and he she or they that shall have his her or their Warrants or Orders Warrant and Order next entred shall be taken and accounted the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course

And that the Fower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings and six pence to come in by this Act as aforesaid shall be in the same Order lyable to the satisfaction of the said respective Partyes their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be divertible to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever

And that noe Fee Reward or Gratuity direClly or indirectly be demanded or taken by any of Your Majestyes Officers from any of Your Majestyes Subjects for provideing or makeing of any such Bookes Registers Entry es View Search or any other thing in for or concerning the payment of any Moneys lent or the Interest thereof as aforesaid or by any of their Clerks or Deputyes on paine of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending with Costs of Suite And if any Officer in his owne person shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward every such Officer soe offending shall forfeite the Summe of Ten pounds for every such Offence And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made in point of registring contrary to the true meaning of this Act by any such Officer or Officers Then the party offending shall be lyeable by Action of Debt or on the Case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the party grieved and shall be forejudged from his Place or Office and if such preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction or Privity of his Master Then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs and shall be for ever after uncapeable of his Place or Office

And in case the said Writer of the Talleys or Auditor as aforesaid shall not direct the Order or the Clerke of the Pells record or the Teller thereunto required make payment according to each persons due place and order as aforedirected then he or they respectively shall be adjudged to forfeite his or their Place and Office And the respective Deputyes and Clerks herein offending shall be lyeable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs in such manner as aforesaid All which said Penaltyes Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers aforesaid or any their Deputyes or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction Order or Restraint or stay of Prosecution by Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be in any wise granted or allowed

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby declared That if it shall happen that severall Orders for the payment of Loanes or for the payment of Orders directed by Your Majesde as aforesaid beare date and be brought the same day to the(3) Writer of the Talleys or Auditor of the Receipt to be registred Then it shall be interpreted noe undue preference which of those he enters first soe as he enters them all the same day

Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any penalty in point of payment if the rr.id Writer of the Talleys or Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that come and demand their Money and bring their Orders before other persons feat did not come to demand their Money and bring their Orders in course soe as there be soe much Money reserved as will satisfie such Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loane being to cease from the time the Money is soe reserved and kept in Bank for them.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any Money shall be due out of the Fower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds fowerteene shillings and six pence by vertue of this Act after Warrant or Order entred in the Booke of Register aforesaid for payment

A.D. 1678.

30° Car. II. c. 1, 2.

883

thereof his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Indorsement upon his Order or Warrant may assigne and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Warrant or Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the said Writer of [the1] Talleys or Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry and Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for Warrauts which the Officer shall on request without Fee or Charge accordingly make shall entitle such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the benefitt thereof and payment thereon and such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quodes and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignements to make void release or discharge the same or any the Moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for granting an addidonall Duty to His Majesde upon Wines for Three yeares.

Most Gradous Soveraigne

WEE Your Majestyes most dutyfull Subjects the Commons now in Pirlyament assembled as a Testimony of our great Duty and Loyalty to Your Majesde have chearfiilly and unanimously given and granted unto Your Majesde an Aid and Assistance to be raised and levyed upon all such Wines [and1] Vinegar as now may [by Law be1] imported into this Your Majesties Kingdome according to such Rates and dureing such Time and in such Manner and Forme as herein after followeth And wee doe humbly beseech Your Majesde that it may be enacted and bee it enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That for all Spanish Wines and other Wines and Vinegar which may now be by Law imported which at any time after the first day of August in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight and before the first day of August in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and one shall be imported into England or Wales or the Towne and Port of Berwicke upon Tweede there shall be duely answered and paid unto His Majesde the Rates and Dutyes hereafter mentioned That is to say

For every Tunn of Spanish Wine or of any other Wines whatsoever which now may be by Law imported and shall within the time aforesaid be imported the summe of Twelve pounds by the Tunn and soe after that Rate for any greater or lesser quantity.

And for every Tunn of Vineger which now may be by Law imported and shall within the time aforesaid be imported the summe of Eight pounds by the Tunn and soe after that Rate for any greater or lesser quantity

And for the better and more sure collecting and receiving of all and singular the dutyes hereby imposed Bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons within the time aforesaid shall import or cause to be imported by way of Merchandize any [oforesaid4] such Importer shall upon the Entry made of such Liquors and before the Landing thereof pay downe the Dutyes hereby imposed in ready money deducting the allowance hereafter mentioned or otherwise become bound unto His Majestie with two or more sufficient Suretyes or procure three other persons to become bound to His Majestie to answere and pay unto His Majestie the whole Rates and Dutyes hereby imposed by three severall and equall payments the first payment to be made within Three moneths after the date of the said Obligation the second payment to be made within Six moneths after the date of the said Obligation and the third and last payment to be made within Nine moneths after the date of the said Obligation the takeing which Bonds and the approbation of the Sureties therein to be named is hereby left to the discretion of [the4] Farmers or other Commissioners for the time being as shall bee intrusted with the Receipt and Mann&gement of His Majestyes Customs and Subsidies ofTunnage and Poundage or their Deputy Collectors in the severall Ports or such other person or persons as His Majestie shall authorize and appoint to collect the Dutyes ariseing by this Act.

And if any person or persons shall import any of the Liquors aforesaid within the time aforesaid not by way of Merchandize nor with intent to sell the same againe but for his owne private use or occasion such person soe importing the same shall upon Entry thereof made immediately and before landing thereof pay downe the whole Dutyes by this Act imposed in ready Money without any further time given or any Security to be accepted for the same or any abatement or discount to be therfore made upon any pretence whatsoever

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared and enacted That all and every person and persons importing any of the liquors aforesaid within the time aforesaid by way of Merchandize who shall pay the Dutyes which by this Act are due and payable in ready Moneys shall be allowed and abated out of the said Dutyes after the Rate of Ten pounds per Cent for a yeare in Consideration of such ready Money soe paid downe and advanced.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any of the said Liquors shall be imported within the time aforesaid and landed without present payment made of the Rates and Dutyes by this Act imposed in cases where this Act requires present payment to be made or without Security given for payment thereof in cases where this Act admitts of Security to be taken that then and in every such Case all and every the Liquors soe

1 O. omits. a an 0.

9 be by law 0.

4 of the Liquors aforesayd 0. 5 *uch O.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may in like manner assign.

Assignee not to release the same.

Roe. Part, jo C.II.

p. I. HU. 2.

Duty granted on Spanish and other Wines and Vinegar imported.

Wine 2 per Tun.

Vinegar j£8 per

Tun.

II.

Importer upon Entry and before landing to pay down Duties or give Bond.

Allowance on Ready Money.

Bond at Three Payments.

Taking Bond to be at the Discretion of Commissioners, &c.

III. Importing for private use, Duty to be paid on Entry and before landing.

IV.

j£io per Cent, to Traders on Ready Money for Duty.

V.

Landing Goods without plying or securing Duties,

30° Car. II. c.2.

A.D. 1678.

Liquors forfeited.

Importer nevertheless liable to Duty.

VI. Recital of 12 C. II. c.4.

Duty for Neat Liquors only.

VII. Importers not being Retailers, &c. making Oath that Goods are imported for Sale to have Allowance for Damage of Liquors.

VIII.

Proviso for Prisnge Wine imported.

IX.

No Drawback on Exportation of imported Liquors for which Duty paid;

nor Security for Duty discharged.

X.

Officers may enter Ships, &c. to search, &c. for securing Payment of Duty.

XI.

Persons acting, &c. so as to defraud His Majesty of the said Duty; Penalty.

XII.

In case of Seizure, Onus probandi Duty paid or secured, on Claimant.

imported and landed or the value thereof shall bee forfeited, one Moyety thereof to His Majestie and the other Moyety to him or them that shall or will sue for the same and shall and may be recovered in any Court of Record by Action of Debt Mil Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed nor any more then one Imparlance And yet neverthelesse the person soe importing and landing any of the said Liquors shall notwithstanding such Forfeiture soe as aforesaid incurred remaine and continue lyable unto and shall answere and pay unto His Majesde the Rates and Dutyes for such Liquors which by this Act are due and payable.

And whereas by the Act for Tonnage and Poundage and the Instructions and Rules for collecting His Majesties [[Duty*] ariseing thereby it is directed that certaine allowances be made upon Importation of Wines and other Liquors Bee it further enacted That noe Importer thereof shall be chargeable by vertue of this Act to pay the Duty hereby required for any greater proportions of Wines or other Liquors duely entred at the Custome House then what shall remaine neat after all such allowances and abatements

And whereas this present Act gives noe abatement to any person upon Exportation of any the Liquors aforesaid Bee it further enacted and declared That all Importers not being Vintners or Retailers (who are hereby declared sl>all pay ready Money for the whole Duty) who shall import any of the aforesaid Liquors within the tone aforesaid and shall make Oath that the same are imported by way of Merchandize and with intent to sell againe (which Oath the Farmers or Commissioners of His Majestyes Customs for the time being or in their absence the Collector of His Majesty es Customs in each severall respective Port or such other person or persons as His Majesde shall authorize and appoint to collect the Dutyes ariseing by this Act have hereby power to administer) that then and in every such Case for and in consideration of any defect or damage that may happen by any of the aforesaid Liquors lyeing longer on the said Importers hands then heretofore or by reason of any other accident there shall be allowed and abated to every such Importer the further allowance of Eight pounds per Cens and noe more

Provided that noe Merchant shall be charged with any Duty imposed by this Act for the Prisage Wine which he imports in any Shipp or Vessell nor shall any Security be by him given for the same but that it be received and taken from the person who hath or enjoyeth the benefitt of the said Prisage Wine who is hereby appointed to pay the same

Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared and enacted That if any of the said imported Liquors for which any of the Rates and Dutyes by this Act imposed shall be paid downe and advanced or otherwise secured at aforesaid shall at any time after such Importation be againe exported into Parts beyond the Seas that then and in such case the person or persons soe exporting the same shall be wholly barred and excluded from haveing or receiving backe the Dutyes of this Act soe paid downe and advanced or any part thereof nor shall the Security formerly given by such person exporting for the true payment of the Dutyes by this Act imposed be any wayes raised lessened or discharged by reason of such Exportation but the same Security shall remaine and continue in force untill the Dutyes thereby secured be fully and wholly satisfyed and paid Any such Exportation to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the better prevention of all such frauds which at any time hereafter may be comitted to the prejudice of His Majestie in the due-collecting and receiving the Duties hereby imposed upon such Liquors to be imported as aforesaid Bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Officers of His Majesty es Customs or such other person or persons as His Majestie shall authorize and appoint to collect the Dutyes ariseing by this Act shall have like power and authoritie to enter on board Shipps and Vessells and make Searches and to doe all other matters and things which may tend to secure the true payment of the Dutyes by this Act imposed and the due and orderly Collection thereof which any Customers Collectors or other Officers of any His Majestyes Ports can or may doe touching the secureing His Majestyes Customs of Tonnage and Poundage and all the said Liquors to be imported within the time aforesaid and landed without doeing and performing what by this Act is required to be done and performed before the Landing thereof.

And all Officers of His Majestyes Customs and all persons [exporting1] any of the said Liquors and ail others imployed by His Majestie in the Collection of the Dutyes ariseing by this Act who shall be found guilty of any ad or neglect tending to defraud His Majestie of any of the Dutyes hereby imposed shall be subject and lyable to the same Seizures Penalties and Forfeitures which by vertue of any former Act can or may be inflicted in such Cases where His Majeste is defrauded or endeavoured to be defrauded of any of His Customes and Subsidies as folly and amply as if the same Clauses of Seizures Penalties and Forfeitures and the same distribution of such Forfeitures and the same remedy for recovery thereof had beene againe in this Act perticularly repeated applyed and enacted

And if any Liquors seized for any offence committed against this Act shall be claimed by any person as the Importer thereof the proofe whether the Dutyes thereof be duely paid or secured shall lie upon such Claimer and shall not he incumbent on His Majestie or any Prosecutor or Informer on behalfe of His Majestie and himselfe.

1 Dutyes 0.

• importing 0.

A.D. 1678

30° Car. II. c. 3

885

CHAPTER m.

An Act for burying in Woollen.

WHEREAS an Act made in the Eighteenth yeare of His Majestyes Raigne that now is entituled An Act for burying in Woollen onely was intended for the lessening the Importation of Linnen from beyond the Seas and the Encouragement of the Wollen and Paper Manufactures of this Kingdome had the same beene observed but in respect there was not a sufficient Remedy thereby given for the discovery and prosecution of offences against the said Law the same hath hitherto not had the effect thereby intended For remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual! and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authorise of the same That the said Act and all the Clauses and Provisoes therein shall be and are hereby annulled and repealed to all intents constructions and purposes whatsoever

And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from and after the First day of August One thousand six hundred and seaventy eight noe Corps of any person or persons shall be buryed in any Shirt Shift Sheete or Shroud or any thing whatsoever made or mingled with Flax Hempe Silke Haire Gold or Silver or in any Stuffe or thing other then what is made of Sheeps Wooll onely or be putt into any Coffin lined or faced with any sort of Cloath or Stuffe or any other thing whatsoever that is made of any Materiall but Sheeps Wooll onely upon paine of the Forfeiture of Five pounds of lawful! Money of England to be recovered and divided as is hereafter in this Act expressed and directed.

And it is enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all persons in Holy Orders Deanes Persons Deacons Vicars Curates and their or any of their Substitutes doe within their respective Parishes PrecinCls and Places take an exact Account and keepe a Register of all and every person or persons buryed in his or their respective Parishes or PrecinCls or in such common Buryall places as their respective Parishioners are usually buryed and that some one or more of the Relations of the party deceased or other credible person shall within eight dayes next after such Interrment bring an Affidavit in writeing under the hands and seales of two or more credible Witnesses (and under the hand of the Magistrate or Officer before whome the same was swome for which nothing shall be paid) to the Minister or Parson That the said person was not putt in wrapt or wound up or buryed in any Shirt Shift Sheete or Shroud made or mingled with Flax Hempe Silke Haire Gold or Silver or other then what is made of Sheeps Wooll onely or in any Coffin lined or faced with any Cloath Stuffe or any other thing whatsoever made or mingled with Flax Hempe Silke Haire Gold or Silver or any other Materiall but Sheeps Wooll onely And if noe Relation of the party buryed or other person shall bring an Affidavit as aforesaid to the Parson or Minister within the time aforesaid That then the Goods and Chattels of the party deceased shall be and are hereby made lyable to the aforesaid Forfeiture of Five pounds to be levyed by way of Distresse and Sale thereof by Warrant of the Cheife Magistrate in any Towne Corporate or any Justice of the Peace or in default thereof by like Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the person in whose House the said partie dyed or of any that had a hand in putting such person into any Shirt Shift Sheete Shroud or Coffin contrary to this Act or did order or dispose the doeing thereof and in case such person were a Servant and that he or she dyed in the Family of his or her Master or Mistresse That the same be levyed on the Goods or Chattells of his or her Master or Mistrisse and if such person dyed in the Family of his or her Father or Mother That then the same be levyed upon the Goods and Chattells of his or her Father or Mother in Manner and by Warrant as aforesaid which said Forfeiture or Forfeitures shall be levyed paid and allowed out of the Estate of the said deceased person before any Statute Judgement Debt Legacy or any other Duty whatsoever due oweing or payable from the said Deceased.

And it is hereby further enacted That the said Affidavit shall be made or taken before some one Justice of the Peace or Master of Chauncery ordinary or extraordinary Maior Bayliffe or other Cheife Officer of the City County Burrough Corporation or Market Towne in the County where the said partie was buryed who are hereby authorized and 'required to administer the said Oath and to attest the same under their hands upon such Affidavit Gratis And in case noe such Affidavit shall be brought to the Parson or Minister where the said partie was buryed as aforesaid within the said Eight dayes That such Parson or Minister shall forthwith give or cause notice thereof to be given in writeing under his hand to the Churchwarden or Overseers of the Poore of such Parish who shall within Eight dayes after such notice repaire to the Cheife Magistrate in any Towne Corporate if such party was buryed in such City or Towne Corporate or else to any Justice of the Peace who upon the Certificate thereof from the said Parson Minister or Curate officiating in the said Parish shall forthwith grant a Warrant for the levying of the said Forfeiture on the Goods and Chattells of the Partyes before mentioned rendering the overplus to the partyes whose Goods were soe distrained upon all reasonable Charges being deducted one moyety of which Forfeitures shall be to the use and benefitt of the Poore of the Parish where such Party shall be buryed contrary to the directions of this Act and the other moyety thereof to the use of the person that shall informe and sue for the same to be recovered by Warrant of the Cheife Magistrate or any Justice of the Peace in the City Towne Corporate or County where such party was buryed

Roi. Par/.30 C. //. p* i. mm. 3.

Recital of

18 (18 & 19) C.II.

an} that the same wai inadequate to the Puipoaet thereof.

The said Act repealed.

II.

Burying in any other than Woollen;

Penalty ^5.

III.

Persons in Holy Orders, &c. to keep a Register of Burials. Affidavit that the deceased was buried in Woollen only to be brought to the Parson.

If no such Affidavit, Goods of the deceased liable to the said Penalty.

If no Distress Goods of Person where Party died, or of Persons acting contrary to this Act, liable to Distress.

Master, &c. or Relations of deceased liable.

Penalty to be paid before Debts.

IV.

Before whom Affidavit to be made.

No Fee.

If no Affidavit, then Parson to give Notice thereof to Churchwardens Proceedings thereon.

Forfeitures how disposed of.

10 Q

886

30° Car. II. c. 3

A.D. 167S-

V.

Pirson neglecting to give Notice to Churchwardens of Affidavit not brought ; or Churchwardens not acting thereupon ; or Justice neglecting his Duty;

Praalty

Prosecutor to have his Costs. Limitation of Actions.

And in case any parson or minister shall neglect to give notice to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poore as aforesaid or not give unto them a Note or Certificate under his hand testifying that such an Affidavit and Certificate was not brought to him within the time limitted by this Act concerning the partyes being interred according to the directions thereof or that the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poore shall not within Eight dayes after the Receipt of such Certificate repaire to such Cheife Magistrate or to some other Justice of the Peace with such Certificate and shew the same to him and demand his Warrant thereupon for levying the Forfeiture by this Act before appointed and in case such Cheife Magistrate or Justice of the Peace shall neglect his Duty in not issueing his Warrant for the levying the said Forfeiture he or they soe neglecting or offending shall forfeite for every such offence the Summe of Five pounds of lawful] Money of England to be recovered by such person as shall sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information wherein noe Essoigne Wager of Law or Protection shall be allowed and wherein alsoe the Prosecutor shall recover his full Costs soe as the Suite be commenced within Six monthes after the offence shall be committed One fowerth part of which said Forfeitures shall be to the use of His Majestie His Heirs and Successors Two other fourth parts thereof shall be to the use of the Poore of the Parish where the person soe offending or neglecting his Duty shall dwell And one other fourth part to the person that shall informe and sue for the same

VI.

Parson to keep a Register at the Charge of the Parish, and make Entry of Burials and Affidavits. Memorial of Affidavit not brought.

VII. What First Account given by Overseers is to contain.

What future Accounts are to contain.

No Accounts allowed without containing Account of Burials.

And it is hereby further enacted That the Parson or Minister of every Parish shall keepe a Register in a

Booke to be provided at the charge of the Parish and make a true Entry of all Buryalls within his Parish

and of all Affidavits brought to him as aforesaid within the time limitted as aforesaid And where noe such Affidavit shall be brought to him within such time that he enter a Memoriall thereof in the said Registry against the Name of the Party interred and of the time when he notified the same to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poore

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid That [in the [firt '] Account to be given in by any Overseers of the Poore after the First day of August One thousand six hundred seaventy eight they doe and shall give an Account as by this Act is hereafter directed of all Buryalls within their [Parish1] from the said First day of August One thousand six hundred seaventy eight to the rime of the giveing in the said Account and that for the future3] when and as often as the Overseers of the Poore doe give up their Accounts to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions or Petty Sessions or any two Justices of the Peace in their Monethly Meetings that they doe and shall give an Account of the Name and Quality of every person interred within their Parish

from the time of their former Account and of such Certificates as came to their hands from the Parson or

Minister of the said Parish that the persons therein mentioned were interred contrary to the directions and true intent of this Act and of their levying the Penalty on the Offenders according to this Act and alsoe a true Account of the disposall of the same under the Penalty of Five pounds to be levyed by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of such Churchwardens [and4] Overseers by Warrant from the said Justices of the Peace or any two of them [And that noe Account of any Overseers of the Poore shall be allowed after the first day of August One thousand six hundred seaventy eight untill they shall therein account for the Burialls within the respective Parishes as is before directed3]

VIII. Proviio for dying of the Plague.

Provided That noe Penalty appointed by this Act shall be incurred for or by reason of any person that shall dye of the Plague although such persons shall not be buryed as by this Act is directed

IX.

Judges, Re. to give Act in charge

and to be publicly read yearly for Seven Years.

And it is further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said First day of August the said Judges at their respective Assizes and the Justices of the Peace at their respective Quarter Sessions shall give this Act in charge And moreover that this Act shall be publiquely read upon the first Sunday after the Feast of Saint Bartholimew every yeare for seaven yeares next following presently after Divine Service

X.

In A&iont for executing Ad, General Iuue.

Treble Costs.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Action Bill Plaint Suite or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued shall and may pleade the Generali Issue Not guilty and upon Issue joyned may give this Act in evidence And if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Non suite or suffer Discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him or if upon a Demurrer Judgement passe against him the Defendant shall recover his Treble Costs for such molestation.

1 first 0. * Parishes 0. * annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 4 or O.

A.D. 1678.

30° Car. II. c. 4.

88T

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for the further Reliefe and Discharge of poore distressed Prisoners for Debt

*¥Tr7 WHEREAS by an Act of this present Parlyament made in the Two and twentyeth and Three and twentyeth V T yeares of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord King Charles the Second intituled An Act for Reliefe and Release of poore distressed Prisoners for Debt, Provision hath beene made for Releife and Release of such Prisoners as were in Prison for Debt or Damages upon the Fourteenth day of Aprill One thousand six hundred seaventy and one in such way and manner as in the said Act is provided and declared Notwithstanding which the persons of such Prisoners have not beene discharged of their Imprisonments the words Debt or Damages mentioned in the said Act being construed doubtfull as not warranting the Discharge of any Prisoner unlesse charged in Execution For Explanation whereof and to supply other Defects which have obstructed the good ends and purposes of the said Act Bee it now enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesrie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That all persons being in Prison upon the Nine and twentieth day of May One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight being the Anniversary day of his Majestyes Birth and happy Restauration for Debt or Damages or for or upon any Action or Actions or upon any mean-processe for Debt Account or Trespasse upon the Case which Actions by Prosecution of Law may be Judgements for Debt or Damages or who have Judgements entred upon Record against them or are charged in Execution or imprisoned upon Attachments for Debt or upon Outlawry es before or after [Judgements '] for Debts or upon any other Processe whatsoever issueing out of any Court of Law or Equity for the Cause of Debt or Damages or Costs onely whether the said persons were in prison upon the said Fowerteenth day of April One thousand six hundred seaventy and one and have taken the Oath in the said Act mentioned or have beene committed to Prison since that time who shall take the Oath in the said recited Act mentioned shall and may be released and discharged from their Imprisonments in such way and manner as such as were in Prison for Debt or Damages upon the said Fourteenth day of Aprill One thousand six hundred seaventy and one by the former Act were or might have beene in case the said Debt and Damages had beene ascertained by Judgement

Rot. Parl. 30 C. IL p. 1. mu. 4.

Recital of saksjC. II. c.20.

Persons being in Prison for Debt, kc. on 29th May 1678, in the Cases herein mentioned, released.

And all Justices of the Peace within their severall County es and Divisions are hereby authorized and impowered to putt in Execution all such Powers Directions and Authorities for the full Release and Discharge of such persons as were in Prison on the said Fowerteenth day of Aprill One thousand six hundred seaventy and one as aforesaid and of all such other persons as have beene since that time committed to Prison and are in Prison on the said Nine and twenty eth day of May as aforesaid as the said former Act hath made and provided for the Release and Discharge of such who were in Prison for Debt or Damages upon the said Fowerteenth Day of Aprill One thousand six hundred seaventy and one and every Clause Matter and Thing in the said former Act contained shall be construed and taken to the benefitt and advantage of such as shall be in Prison upon the said Nine and twenty eth day of May One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight as fully and amply as by the said Act it ought to have beene for the Benefit and Discharge of such as were in Prison on the said Fowerteenth day of Aprill One thousand six hundred seaventy and one

II.

Justices of Peace to execute the said

Aa.

The said A A to be construed beneficially to Prisoners.

And whereas by the said former Act it is provided That if any Creditor shall insist to have his Debtor continued in Prison after he hath taken the said Oath and will allow him a weekly Maintenance to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace not exceeding Eighteene pence the weeke the same Prisoner shall continue and be detained in Prison Bee it now enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That such weekly Allowance shall be paid to the Prisoner himselfe and not to the Goale-Keeper or any other person for him and if within the space of Three moneths after such weekly Allowance by any Creditor noe Estate of the Prisoner shall be discovered or made out before Two Justices of the Peace of that County and Division where the said Prisoner is kepte in Prison then the said Prisoner shall forthwith be discharged by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any Two Justices of the Peace of the same County and Division where the said Prisoner shall be soe in Prison to the Keeper of such Prison in that behalfe directed as fully and amply as if such Prisoner had beene discharged by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions as in the said recited Act is mentioned and that then and from thenceforth the said weekely Allowance shall cease and determine as if the same had never beene made.

III.

Recital of 21 k 23 C. II*

c.20. §4.

Weekly Allowance to be paid to Prisoner and not to Keeper, kc.

Prisoner not discovered in Three Months to have any Estate, discharged by Two Justices.

And all Prisoners by this present Act or by the said former Act freed and discharged from their Imprisonments are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from the payment of Chamber Rent and all and every (’) Fee and Fees due to the Goaler or Keeper of such Prison or Prisons in any manner or wise.

IV.

Prisoners freed by this and the former Act, free from Chamber Rent, kc.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Prisoner discharged out of Prison by vertue of this present Act or by vertue of the said recited Act shall at any time hereafter be imprisoned for or by reason of any Debt or Damages or any summe or summes of money contrafted or growne due to or recovered by any person or persons at whose Suite the said Prisoner did then stand charged in any Prison or any other person or persons to whome such Prisoner did give notice under the Hand and Seale of some Justice of the Peace of the same County City or Place the space of forty dayes before the time of his Discharge of his intention to receive the benefit of this Act and of the way and course he intended to take for obtaining the same before the time of

V.

Prisoner discharged, not again to be charred for the old Debts; nor by any other Person to whom he gate Notice of Application for Discharge.

30° Car. II. c. 4.

A.D. 1678.

Prisoner shewing Duplicate of Discharge may retain an Attorney;

Piroccedingsthereon against Prisoner, and his Lands, Goods, &c.

Proviso for Wearing Apparel, &c. to the Value of j£io;

and for Discharge of Prisoner.

VI.

Sheriff or Gaoler refusing, &c. to discharge Prisoner;

Penalty £20. and Punishment.

their Discharges as aforesaid But that upon any Arrest for such Debt Damages or Summes of Money it shall or may be lawfull for them shewing a Duplicate of their Discharge under the Hands and Seales of the Justices of the Peace by whome they were discharged or of any Two of them or of such Justices of the Peace in case such Prisoner be discharged after an allowance of Maintenance by the Creditor for Three Moneths as aforesaid which the said Justices are hereby required to give to every Prisoner soe by them discharged to retaine an Attourney to appeare for them and file Common Baile to every such Action and pleade thereunto soe that the Plaintiffe if he please may recover and enter Judgement against such Prisoner to be executed and levyed upon the land* Tenements Goods and Chattells of such Prisoner soe discharged as aforesaid his or her Wearing Apparell Furniture for his or her Dwelling house the said Furniture not exceeding Ten pounds in value and necessary Tools for his or her Trade and Occupation onely excepted but not upon the Person of the Prisoner the persons of such Prisoners being hereby for ever freed and discharged from Imprisonment for any Debt Trespasse upon the Case Duty Summe or Summes of Money or thing thereunto relateing contracted or due before the time of their discharge haveing had notice as aforesaid

And bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That in case any Sheriffe Goaler and Keeper of Prison shall refuse and delay to bring and discharge and sett at Liberty any Prisoner or Prisoners according to the Order of the Justice or Justices of the Peace made in pursuance of this Act or of the said former recited Act Every such Goaler Sheriffe [and1]] Keeper of Prison shall forfeite and pay to such Prisoners (1) detained contrary to such Order the summe of Twenty pounds to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record and shall alsoe be subject to such Fine and Punishment as the said Justices of the Peace shall upon Complaint thereof to them made order and award

VII.

On Action of Escape, &c. against Sheriff or Gaoler;

General Issue.

Double Costs.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That upon any Action of Escape or other Suite brought or to be brought against any Justice of the Peace Sheriffe Goaler or Keeper of Prison for any thing done in obedience to this Act it shall and may be lawfull to and for any such Justice of the Peace Sheriffe Goaler and Keeper of Prison to plead the Generali Issue and give this Act in Evidence which shall be a good and sufficient

Discharge and shall save harmelesse every such Justice of the Peace Sheriffe Goaler or Keeper of Prison pleading

the same And if the Plaintiffe in any such Action shall be nonsuited or Verdict passe against him the Defendant

shall have double Costs to be taxed by the Court where such Action is brought.

VIII. Discharge of Prisoner not a Discharge of Surety.

IX.

Prisoner discharged to have been Six Months imprisoned.

X.

Debtor for more than s£s°° 10 onc Creditor, not discharged.

XI.

If Parent, &c. of Ability, Creditor not bound to make weekly Allowance to Prisoner.

XII.

Creditor of Debtor, being a Day Labourer, &c. may have his Debtor removed to public Work-house within 20 Miles, and kept to Labour.

Creditor to contribute only so much above Profit of Labour as shall be requisite to maintain Debtor. Proviso if Profit of Labour exceed Maintenance.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That the Discharge of any person or persons by vertue of this Act shall not amount unto or be construed to free or discharge any other person or persons joyntly or severally bound for or lyable to answere or satisfie the said Debt or any part thereof either as Prindpall or Surety but that such other person or persons shall be lyable to answere the said Debt and Damages in such maimer to all intents and purposes as they were before the discharge of such Prisoner

Provided alsoe That noe person shall be discharged by this Act that hath not or shall not before such Oath made have remained in Prison by the space of Six Moneths.

Provided alsoe That noe person by vertue of this Act shall be discharged out of Prison who shall stand charged in Execution with more then the Summe of Five hundred pounds to any one person Principall Money and Damages

Provided alsoe That noe Creditor insisting to have his Debtor continued in Prison shall be bound to make any Weekly Allowance for the Subsistance of the Prisoner where the Father Mother Sonne or Daughter or other person who by the Lawes of this Realme are bound to maintaine him in discharge of the Parish if he were at large are of sufficient Ability to maintaine such Prisoner.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That if any Creditor insisting to have his Debtor continued in Prison and ordered to make Allowance towards his Maintenance shall desire to have his Debtor being a person formerly useing any Handycraft or Day labour removed to any Publique Worke house there to be kept at hard Labour and shall within One weeke next after notice of such Order for makeing Allowance at his owne proper Costs and Charges cause such Prisoner by Habeas Corpus and Committment or other Order to be removed to any Publique Worke-house in the same County where the said Prison is or within Twenty miles distance of the said Prison That then such Prisoner soe removed to the said Workehouse shall and may be there held to Labour suitable to his ability and the Creditor or Creditors shall afterwards contribute towards his Maintenance onely such Summe as over and above the proffitt of his Labour shall be requisite to maintaine him to be ascertained by the Two next Justices of Peace And in case the proffitt of his Labour shall exceede the value of his Maintenance one moyety of the overplus shall goe towards the payment of his Debts for which he remaines in Execution the other moyety shall be paid to the hands of the said Prisoner the said moyetyes to be distributed accordingly by the Two next Justices of the Peace

XIII.

Alter continuing in Workhouse Two Years, Prisoner discharged.

And bee it further enacted That after any person shall by vertue of this Act have continued at any Workehouse by the space of Two yeares he is then to be discharged from his Imprisonment and enjoy the foil benefit! of this Law

A.D. 1678.

30° Car. II. c. 4

889

And bee it enacted That any Judge of such Court whereto such Debtor is a Prisoner or the two next Justices of the Peace to such Workehouse shall and may have power to committ such Debtor being brought before him or them by Habeas Corpus or Order under the Hands and Seales of such Two Justices unto any Worke house within the County where such Prison is there to remaine according to this Act.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That if any Prisoner that shall be released by vertue of this Act shall at any time afterwards be found or suspeded by any of his Creditors to have in ready Money Goods or Chattells

in his owne hands and possession or in the hands of any others to his or her use or in Trust for him or her

in value over and above what he or she is allowed by this or the said former Act to have [or1] then such Goods in his Shop or Worke house as he shall have beene credited or trusted with since the time of his Discharge and for what he shall be really indebted at the time of [his1] makeing such Oath and he or she will not or doe not upon convenient Demand pay his or her Debt or Debts therewith as farr as the same will reach That then and in such case at the request of any Creditor the said Oath shall be tendered to him or her againe by any Justice of the Peace in this Act before impowered to administer the [said1] Oath for Discharge of Prisoners or by any Judge of the Court wherein there is Judgement against him which he or she refuseing to take shall be remanded to Prison in Execution for such Debt or Debts Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding

Provided alsoe That this Act shall not extend to any person or persons in Execution for any Fine on him or

her imposed for any Offence committed before the said Nine and twentyeth day of May One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight.

Provided that such person or persons as is or are detained in Prison upon any Meane Processe if it shall be desired by any Creditor before any Justice of the Peace to whorne such Prisoner hath applyed for his Discharge shall forthwith give a Warrant to some Attoumey to appeare or file Common Baile for him or them in the Court out of which the said Meane Processe issued and to receive a Declaration at the Plaintiffes Suite and that such Prisoner shall thereupon have the full benefit of this Law as to the Liberty of his Person against his said Imprisonment upon the said Meane Processe and against any Judgement or Execution (that shall be had against him in that Suite and against any other Suite that shall be brought against him for the same Matter [and3] cause of Action to all intents and purposes as fully and beneficially as if he had beene charged in Execution at the (4) Plaintiffes Suite before the Nine and twentyeth of May One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight but such Prisoner upon Meane Processe shall in case of his refusall to give such Warrant of Attoumey lose the whole benefitt of this Law.

Provided alwayes That noe Merchant Stranger or other Alien or Forreigner that hath beene arrested and is in Prison on any Action or Suite for or by reason of any Debt or other Engagement contrafted or entred into beyond the Seas shall have any benefitt by this Act but that all and every such Merchant Stranger or other Alien or Forreigner shall and may be detained in Prison and proceeded against as if this Act had never beene made.

Provided alwayes That noe Prisoner shall be discharged by vertue of this Act untill he shall before the Justices of the Peace who are by this Act impowered to discharge him declare upon his Corporall Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby appointed to administer) what Effects are belonging to him or what Debt or Debts are then oweing to him within any of His Majestyes Dominions or elsewhere and by whome, and for what cause and upon what Security, of all which a Schedule shall be made in the presence of such Justices and subscribed by the Prisoner and shall be by such Justices returned to the next Sessions there to be kept for the better Information of the Creditors of such Prisoner who or such of them as will joyne may thereupon sue for such Debts or soe much thereof as will reasonably satisfie them in the Name of the Prisoner and after the same recovered and received to render the overplus (their owne Debts and Charges first deduded) to the Prisoner.

Provided alwayes (and to deterr all persons who are by the charitable intention of this Act to be relieved from abuseing the Favour hereby to them intended) That if any person who shall in pursuance of this Act take his Oath for any of the purposes hereby appointed shall forsweare or perjure himselfe Then such person being thereof lawfully convicted shall beyond and over and above the Penalties which may by the Law now in bring be inflicted suffer Imprisonment for the space of Seaven yeares without Baile or Maineprise.

1 other 0.

* interlined on the Roll.

9 or 0.

4 said 0.

XIV. Powers to Judge, &c to commit Prisoner to Workhouse.

XV. Prisoner released, found or suspeded to have Goods, &c. above Allowance by this or former Act

Exception

and not paying his Debts.

Oath may be again tendered, and on Refusal Prisoner remanded.

XVI. Proviso for Persons in Execution for Penalty before 29th May 1678.

XVII. Proviso respeding Persons detained upon Mesne Process.

XVIII. Aliens how far not to have Benefit of this Act.

XIX. Prisoner not to be discharged till Disclosure of his Effects on Oath.

Schedule thereof to be made before Justices, and by them returned to Sessions; Proceedings thereon.

XX.

Perjury.

Punishment.

30° Cab. II. c. 5—7.

A.D. 1678.

Rot. Pari, jo II. p.I. mr. 5.

Recital of

*4(>3*»4)C. II. c.6. $ 8.

and that the said A6tf by reason of the Words * for Hire*’ therein, had not been of good

Effea.

The said Words repealed.

Rot. Pari 30 C. II.

pa la MU. 6a

17 C.II. C.8.

22 8c 2$ C. II. c.io.

continued for Seren Years, &c.

Rota Pari. 30 C.II. p.\. an. 7.

Executors, 8cc. of Executors, in their ownWrong wasting Goods of the deceased, liable as their Testator, Arc. Continuance of Att.

CHAPTER V.

An Act for repealing certaine words in a Clause in a former Act entituled An Act for enlargeing and repairemg

of Common Highwayes.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parlyament made in the Fowerteenth yeare of His Majestyes Raigne endtuled An Act for enlargeing and repairemg of Common Highwayes it is provided that noe Traveling Wagon Wain Cart or Carriage wherein any Burthens Goods or Wares are or shall be drawne for hire (otherwise then is therein excepted) shall at any time travell be drawne or goe in any publique Highwayes or Roads with above seaven Horse beasts whereof six shall draw in paires and not with above eight Oxen or six Oxen and two Horse beasts nor shall at any time carry above Twenty hundred weight betweene the first of October and the first of May nor above Thirty hundred weight from the first of May to the first of October nor above five Quarters of Wheate Meale Meslin Rye Peas Beanes and Tares nor above eight Quarters of Barley Malt or Oates and after that proportion under such penalties as by the said Act is expressed which Ad by reason of those words For hire hath not that good eflfed which was expected many pretending that they carry not for hire but the Goods and Wares they carry are their owne and many Actions have beene brought by colour thereof against such persons as have endeavoured to putt the said Law in execution and others discouraged from doeing their duty therein For remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestic by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That [these1] words For hire in the said Act expressed shall from henceforth stand void and be repealed to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CHAPTER VI.

An Act for reviveing a former Act entituled An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suits and Delayes and for continuance of one other Act entituled An Act for the better settleing of Intestates Estates.

TT THERE AS one Ad of this present Parlyament entituled An Act for avoiding unnecessary Suites and Vv Delayes, and alsoe one other Act entituled An Act for the better setleing of Intestates Estates have beene found to be very beneficiall Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by Authoritie of the same That the said Acts of Parlyament shall be in force from the First day of this present Session of Parlyament and soe to continue for seaven yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament and noe longer.

CHAPTER VII.

An Act to enable Creditors to recover their Debts of the Executors and Administrators of Executors in their

owne wrong.

WHEREAS the Executors and Administrators of such persons who have possessed themselves of considerable vv Personall Estates of other dead persons and converted the same to their owne use have noe Remedy by the Rules of the Common Law as it now stands to pay the Debts of those persons whose Estate hath beene soe converted by their Testator or Intestate which hath beene found very mischeivous and many Creditors defeated of their just Debts although their Debtors left behinde them sufficient to satisfie the same with a great Overplus For remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie thereof That all and every the Executors and Administrators of any person or persons who as Executor or Executors in his or their owne wrong or Administrators shall from and after the First day of August next ensuring waste or convert any Goods Chattells Estate or Assetts of any person deceased to their owne use shall be lyeable and chargeable in the same manner as their Testator or Intestate would have beene if they had beene lhreing This Act to continue in force for three yeares and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parlyament and noe longer.

1 those 0.

A.D. 167S.

30° Cab. II. c. 8

891

CHAPTER VIU.

An Act for the Admeasurement of Keeles and Boates carrying Coales.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the Parlyament holden at Westminster in the Ninth yeare of the Raigne of King Henry the Fifth entituled Keeles that carry Sea Coales at Newcastle shall be measured and marked It is ordained and established for Remedy of (1) Deceits therein complained of That all Keeles that then were or thereafter should be in the Port of Newcastle should be measured by certaine Commissioners theretq assigned by the King and marked of what Portage they were before that any carriage should be made by the same upon paine of Forfeiture to the King of all the said Vessells called Keeles by which any such Coales shall be carryed before that they be marked in the manner aforesaid. And whereas diverse doubts have risen concerning the intent and meaning of the said Act and whether Sunderland and other the Members of the Port of Newcastle were comprised within the said Act and that diverse new Frauds Deceits and Abuses have of late arisen and are dayly pradised in the carriage of Coales by Keeles and other Boates to the diminution of His Majestyes Customs and the damage and prejudice of the Sellers and Buyers of Coales For Remedy thereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That Commissioners shall from dine to dme be appointed by His Majesde His Heires and Successors for the measureing and marking all and every the Keels and other Boates and Carts and Waines used or in any dme hereafter to be used for the carriage of Coales in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne Sunderland upon the River Ware Callercoats Seaton Sluce Blythe Nooke and all and every other the Members Havens Creeks and Places whatsoever to the said Port of Newcasde belonging or in any wise appertaining by the Bowie Tub of Newcastle containing Two and twenty Gallons and a Potle Winchester measure and being Seaven and twenty inches Diameter upon the top from outside to outside and noe more and allowing One and twenty Bowls of Coales to be measured by such Bowle-Tub by heape measure to each Chalder and noe more.

Provided alwayes That the Content of each Wayne shall be seaven Bowls and the Content of each Cart

three Bowles and One Bushell heaped measure and that three such Waynes or six such Carts shall be reckened and allowed for a Chalder and noe more and noe Coales to be made use of in such Admeasurement other then what shall be good and Merchantable and new wrought and led to the Steath or Wharfe within three monthcs before such Admeasurement, and one Moyety thereof to be dry and the other Moyety thereof being made wett as hath beene aundently accustomed to be done and pradised and that all Keels and other Boats soe admeasured shall be marked by the said Commissioners of what Portage they are or by such person or persons as shall be by them or any three of them thereunto authorized and appointed either by Nails upon Bulke heads or

partitions to be affixed to the fore and after Beame of every such Keele or Boate or by Nails to be driven

into the Stemm or Sterne Post of every such Keele or Boate or by such other way or manner as to the said Commissioners or any three or more of them in their discretions shall seeme most meete and convenient to direct and appoint for prevention of the evills aforesaid nor shall any Keele or Boate be admeasured or marked but betweene the Five and twentyeth day of March and the Nine and twentyeth day of September in any yeare

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That every Keele or other Boate or Wayne or Cart which from and after the First day of August which shall be in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and nine shall carry any Coales in any of the places beforesaid before they shall be measured and marked as aforesaid by three or more of the said Commissioners shall be and are hereby declared to be forfeited together with the Coals that shall be found laden upon them One Moyety of all which forementioned Forfeitures shall be to the Kings Majesde His Heires and Successors and the other Moyety to him or them that shall seize and sue for the same in any of His Majesty es Courts of Record at Westminster by Bill Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

ANd it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Maior of the Towne of Newcastle for the

time being is hereby authorized and required to administer [any*] Oath to every person or persons imployed and

appointed by the said Commissioners or any three or more of them for the admeasureing or marking of Boates and Keeles in the River of Tyne for true and faithfull execution and discharge of their respective Trusts and that the Commissioners to be at any time appointed for the measureing Boats and Keels or any three of them shall and may administer the like Oath to every person or persons by them imployed and appointed for the measureing or marking of Boats and Keels or Waines or Carts in all places within the limitts of this Act for the true and faitfull Execution and Discharge of their respective Trusts,

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid That in case after the admeasureing or marking of

any Boate or Keele or Cart or Wayne the Marks shall be removed or altered that every person or persons who

had a hand in the doeing thereof shall upon proofe thereof by one or more credible Wittnesses before any Justice of the Peace forfeite the summe of Ten pounds to be levyed upon his Goods and Chattells by distresse and sale thereof by Warrant of such Justice of the Peace (rendering the Overplus) and for sailer of such distresse to be ecommitted to the common Goale[three3] toremaine for the space of three Moneths without Baile or Maineprize.

1 the 0.

* an 0.

J there O.

Rot. Parl. 30 C. //. pt. 1. nu. 8.

Recital of 9H. V. st 1. c. 10.

and that Doubts had arisen as to the Meaning of the said Act.

Commissioners to be appointed for measuring and marking Keels, Ac. in Newcastle and other Places.

II.

Contents of Wains, Carts, and Chalders.

What Coals, and how to be made use of in such Admeasurement.

Keels, &c. being measured, to be marked of what Portage;

how and in what Parts to be marked.

Times during which Keels, &c. not to be measured or marked.

III.

Keels, See. carrying Coals before being marked, forfeited together with the Coals.

IV.

Mayor of Newcastle to administer Oath to Persons employed in measuring Keels, Ac. in the River Tyne.

Commissioners may administer Oaths to all other Measurers.

V.

Removing or altering Marks;

Penalty j£iO.

Distress or Imprisonment.

30° Cab. II. c. 9.

A.D. 167a

Rot. Pari, 30 C,1I. 4».i. iw.9.

Fishing in the River Severn contrary to Stat. 1. Eliz. t, 17*

or with Net of undne Mesh

or fishing with more than One Net at a Time \ or of

taking Fry

Penalty ^5.

Watering Hemp or Flax in the said River;

Penalty

n.

Persons, during the Spawning of Fish, laying Nets, fice. in the Fords, fire, of the said River, fire. 5

Penalty 40s.

m.

Justices of Peace in Worcester, Salop, and Gloucester, to be Conservators, with Power to make Under Conservators.

Warrants to Under Conservators, &c. to search suspected Houses, fire, for Nets, fice. and seize them, such Nets to be burnt, fire.

IV.

No Conviction but by Information, fice. before Justices of Assize, fice. or General Sessions. On Conviction, Court to award Execution for Penalties.

V.

Proviso for Jurisdiction of Lords of Leet and Franchises.

VI.

General Saving.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act for Preservation of Fishing in the River of Seaveme.

FOR Preservation of the Fishing in the River of Seveme in the Countyes of Worcester Salop and Gloucester and for the preventing of severall abuses lately pra&ised by diverse persons fishing in the said River tending to the destruction of the common Piscary especially of the Spawne Fry and young breed of Fish in the said River Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authority of the same That if any person or persons whatsoever from and after the First day of August next shall in the said River of Seveme fish with any Nett Device or Engine or make use of any Nett Weare Speare or other Engine or Device whatsoever whereby any Salmon Trout Pike or Barbell under the length appointed by the Statute made in the First yeare of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lady Queene Elizabeth shall be taken or killed or if any person or persons whatsoever shall from and after the said First day of August within the said River fish with any Nett whatsoever for the takeing of Salmon Salmon Mart Salmon Peale Pike Carpe Trout Barbell Chub or Grayling the Mesh whereof shall be under two inches and a halfe square by the Standard and not extended that is to say two inches and a halfe square from knot to knot allowing to each Mesh sower knots or which shall be above Twenty yards in length and two yards in breadth or depth or above Fifty yards in length and six yards in breadth or depth in the wing of the Nett in any part of the said River of Seveme from Riple-Lockestacke on the edge of the said County of Worcester to Gloucester Bridge which is upon the said River of Severn or above Sixty yards in length in any part of the [said1] River of Severn below Gloucester Bridge and Six yards in breadth or depth in the wing of the Nett or shall fish with more then one of those Netts at any one time (that is to say) with two or more fixed together or with any Drag Nett, Tramell or any other Nett fixed to the same or shall use any Nett Engine Instrument or Device whatsoever for the takeing of the Fry of Eeles commonly called Elvers Every such person offending as aforesaid shall forfeite the summe of Five pounds for every time that he or they shall fish with any of the said unlawfull Netts Instruments Devices or Engines and alsoe the Fish soe taken or killed together with the said unlawfull Netts Engines Devices and Instruments whatsoever they be wherewith or whereby such offences shall be made committed or done and alsoe shall forfeite the like summe of Five pounds for every time that he or they shall water any manner of Hemp or Flax in the said River

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons shall dureing the time of Spawning of Fish (to witt) betweene the First day of March and the last day of May draw or lay any kinde of Netts Instruments or Engines in the Fords Streames or Shallows of the said River where Fish doth usually spawne or shall doe or committ or cause to be done or committed any Act whatsoever whereby the Spawne or small Fry of Fish shall be taken killed or destroyed every such person or persons soe offending shall forfeite and lose the summe of Forty shillings for every offence and the Netts Instruments or other Engines soe used placed or imployed for the purposes aforesaid.

And to the intent that a perfect execution may be had of this present A & bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Justices of the Peace within the said respective Countyes of Worcester Salop and Gloucester wherein they shall be Justices shall be and are hereby appointed Conservators of the said River and to make one or more Under Conservators within their respective limitts and that the said Justices of the Peace shall issue forth their Warrants under the hands and seales of any two of them directed to such Under Conservator or Conservators or to any Constable Tythingman or Headburrough where any such offence shall be committed upon their owne knowledge or information to them given to search in the day time in all suspected Houses and places for all such Netts Instruments Devices and other Engines and the same to seize and bring before the said Justices or in their open Quarter Sessions that the said unlawfull Netts Instruments Devices and Engines may upon the view thereof be burnt destroyed or made uselesse.

Provided alwayes That noe person or persons offending as aforesaid shall be punished for any of the offences aforesaid unlesse by Information or Indictment before His Majestyes Justices of Assize and Nisi Prius Oyer and Terminer and Generali Goall Delivery or in the Generali Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Countyes respectively wherein the same shall be committed And upon conviction of any person or persons for any of the offences aforesaid the said respective Courts shall award Execution for the said Forfeitures the one Moyety thereof to the use and benefitt of the Poore of the Parish where the said offence shall be committed and the other Moyety to such person or persons as shall prosecute the same by Fieri facias or Capias ad sarisfadendu as the Kings Majestyes Justices at Westminster may and use to doe.

Provided alsoe That this present Act or any thing herein contained doe not extend to abridge the Jurisdictkm of the Lords of Leets or Franchises within their respective Leets and Franchises but that they may proceede to enquire heare and determine any the offences aforesaid within their respective Leets and Franchises as formerly they have lawfully used to doe.

Savrino alwayes unto our Soveraigne Lord the King His Heires and Successors and to all and every person and persons whatsoever all Rights Titles and Interests whatsoever that they either have or may lawfully clahne in the said River as if this Act had never beene made.

1 0. omits.

A.D. 1678.

30° Car. II.

893

ITEM quaeda Peddones privatas personas concementes (in se forma A&us condnentes) exhibite fuerunt pdiclo Domino Regi in Parliamento p>diSo quaru Tituli subscribuntur vizt

10. An Act to supply an Omission in the Setlement of the Estate of Sir Trevor Williams Baronet made upon the Marriage of his eldest Sonne and to enable his eldest Sonne to make a Joynture to a second Wife.

11. An Act for encreasing the Revenue of the Deane of Saint Pauls and assureing the Estates of his Tenants in Shadwell in the County of Midlesex.

12. An Act for vesting the Redory of Westerham in the County of Kent in Trustees to be sold for payment of the Debts of Edward Gresham Esquire.

13. An Act for the better enableing the Trustees of Sir Thomas Cave Knight and Baronet deceased for the

selling of Lands for the performance of the Will of the said Sir Thomas Cave and likewise for the vesting and

setleing of other Lands.

14. An Act for unhemg and consolidating the Churches of Beaumont and Mose in the County of Essex.

15. An Act on the behalfe of John Fortescue for the executing certaine Trusts devolved upon Infants.

16. An Act for makeing part of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields a new Parish to be called The Parish

of Saint Anne within the Liberty of Westminster.

17. An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Lands of Tanfield Mulso Esquire late deceased for payment of his Debts and makeing provision for his Children.

18. An Act for naturalizing of John Schoppens and others.

19. An Act to make good a Mortgage made by John Forth deceased to Thomas Cooke and Nicholas Carey and for makeing provision for Henry Forth sonne of the said John Forth.

20. An Act for makeing navigable the River Fale alias Vale in the County of Cornwall.

31. An Act to enable Thomas Plater GenT to sell Lands for payment of Debts charged upon the same and reimbursing him such summes of Money as he hath or shall lay out in repairemg the Breaches made by the Inundation of the Sea and keeping the Waters out.

10 S

( 894 )

Rot. Pari 30 C- II. p. a.

Reasons for passing this Act.

Peers and Members of the House of Commons not to sit or vote until they have taken the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and subscribed and repeated the Declaration following.

Anno 30° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1678.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Eighth Day of May,

In the THIRTEENTH Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES thb Second, And by several Prorogations continued until the Twenty-first Day of October, In the THIRTIETH Year of the same King,

In the Seventeenth Session of the same Parliament.

€x ftotulo i&arttamtntf fte anno Megni MegiB carol dtcttnfto Xrlctfitfmo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoat et ten! apud Westmonasteriu Octavo Die Maij Anno Regni Serenissimi Domini nostri Caroli Secundi Dei Gratia Anglie Scode Francie et Hibernie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Dedmo-tertio et per seperales Prorogadones usqs ad et in Vicesimu primu Dig Odtobris Anno di&i Domini Regis Tricesimo continual videlicet in Decima-sepdma ejusde Parliament Sessione Communi omniu Dominoru ta Spiritualiu qua Temporaliu et Communitads Consensu et Regie Majestads Assensu sandtu inacdtatu et stabilitu suit hoc sequens Statutu (videlicet)

CHAPTER L (Stat. 2.)

An Act for the more effectuall preserving the Kings Person and Government by disableing Papists from sitting in

dther House of Parlyament.

FORASMUCH as diverse good Lawes have beene made for preventing the Increase and Danger of Popery in this Kingdome, which have not had the desired Effects by reason of the free accesse which Popish Recusants have had to his Majestyes Court and by reason of the Liberty which of late some of the Recusants have had and taken to sitt and vote in Parliament. Wherefore and for the Safety of His Majestyes Royall Person and Government Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and of the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authorise of the same That from and after the First Day of December which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight noe Person that now is or hereafter shall be a Peere of this Realme or Member of the House of Peeres shall vote or make his Proxie in the House of Peeres or sitt there dureing any Debate in the said House of Peeres, Nor any person that now is or hereafter shall be a Member of the House of Commons shall vote in the House of Commons or sitt there dureing any Debate in the said House of Commons after their Speaker is chosen untill such Peere or Member shall from time to time respectively and in manner following first take the severall Oathes of Allegiance and Supremacy and make subscribe and audibly repeate this Declaration following;

JA: B: doe solemnely and sincerely in the presence of God professe testifie and declare That I doe believe that in the Sacrament of the Lords Supper there is not any Transubtantiation of the Elements of Bread and Wine into the Body and Blood of Christ at or after the Consecration thereof by any person whatsoever; And that the Invocation or Adoration of the Virgin Mary or any other Saint, and the Sacrifice of the Masse as they are now used in the Church of Rome are superstitious and idolatrous. And I doe solemnely in the presence of God professe testifie and declare That I doe make this Declaration and every part thereof in the plaine and ordinary sence of the Words read unto me as they are commonly understood by English Protestants without any Evasion, Equivocation or Mentall Reservation whatsoever and without any Dispensation already granted me for this purpose by the Pope or any other Authority or Person whatsoever or without any hope of any such Dispensation

A.D167&

30° Car. II. Stat.2. c.l.

895

from any person or authority whatsoever or without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before God or Man or absolved of this Declaration or any part thereof although the Pope or any other Person or Persons or Power whatsoever should dispence with or annuli the same, or declare that it was null and void from the begining.

Which said Oathes and Declaration shall be in this and every succeeding Parlyament solemnely and publiquely made and subscribed betwixt the Houres of Nine in the Morning and Fower in the Afternoone by every such Peere and Member of the House of Pceres at the Table in the midle of the said House before he take his Place in the said House of Peeres and whilst a full House of Peeres is there with their Speaker in his Place, and by every such Member of the House of Commons at the Table in the midle of the said House and whilst a full House of Commons is there duely sitting with their Speaker in his Chaire, and that the same be done in either House in such like order or method as each House is called over by respectively.

And bee it further enacted That from and after the said First day of December every Peere of this Realme and Member of the House of Peeres, and every Peere of the Kingdome of Scotland or of the Kingdome of Ireland being of the Age of One and twenty yeares or upwards not haveing taken the said Oathes and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and every Member of the said House of Comons not haveing as aforesaid taken the said Oathes and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and every Person now or hereafter convicted of Popish Recusancy who hereafter shall at any time after the said First day of December come advisedly into or remaine in the presence of the Kings Majestie or Queens Majestie or shall come into the Court or House where they or any of them reside as well dureing the Raigne of His present Majestie (whose Life God long preserve) as dureing the Raigns of any His Royall Successors Kings or Queens of England shall incurr and suffer all the paines, penalties forfeitures and disabilities in this Act mentioned or contained, unlesse such Peere Member or Person soe convicted doe respectively in the next Terme afrer such his comeing or remaineing take the said Oathes and make and subscribe the said Declaration in His Majestyes High Court of Chauncery betweene the houres of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoone.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Person that now is or hereafter shall be a Peere of this Realme or Member of the House of Peeres or Member of the House of Commons shall presume to doe any thing contrary to this Act or shall offend in any of the Cases aforesaid That then every such Peere and Member soe offending shall from thenceforth bee deemed and adjudged a Popish Recusant Convict to all intents and purposes whatsoever and shall forfeite and suffer as a Popish Recusant Convict and shall be disabled to hold or execute any Office or Place of Proffitt or Trust Civill or Military in any of His Majestyes Realmes of England or Ireland Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or in any of His Majestyes Islands or Forreigne Plantations to the said Realmes belonging and shall be disabled from thenceforth to sitt or vote in either House of Parlyament or make a Proxy in the House of Peeres or to sue or use any Action Bill Plaint or Information

in course of Law or to prosecute any Suite in any Court of Equity or to be Guardian of any Childe or Executor

or Administrator of any person or capeable of any Legacie or Deed of Gift and shall forfeite for every wilfull Offence against this Act the summe of Five hundred pounds to be recovered and received by him or them that shall sue for the same, and to be prosecuted by any Action of Debt Suite Bill Plaint or Information in any of His Majestyes Courts at Westminster where noe Essoigne Protestion or Wager of Law shall lye.

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That from the said First day of December it shall and

may be lawfull to and for the House of Peeres and House of Commons or either of them respectively as often

as they or either of them shall see occasion either in this present Parlyament or any other hereafter to be holden

to order and cause all or any of the Members of their respective Houses of Parlyament openly in their respective Houses of Parlyament to take the said Oathes and to make and subscribe the said Declaration at such times and in such manner as they shall appoint. And if any Peere shall contrary to such Order made by their said House wilfully presume to sitt therein without takeing the said Oathes and subscribeing the said Declaration according to the said Order, Every such Peere or Member of the House of Peeres soe presumeing to sitt shall be adjudged and is hereby declared to be uncapeable and disabled in Law to all intents and purposes whatsoever to sitt in the said House of Peeres and give any Voice therein either by Proxie or otherwise howsoever dureing that Parlyament. And if any Member or Members of the House of Commons shall contrary to such Order made by their House wilfully presume to sitt therein without takeing the said Oathes and makeing and subscribeing the said Declaration Every such Member or Members of the House of Commons soe presumeing to sitt shall be

adjudged and is hereby declared to be uncapeable and disabled in Law to all intents and purposes whatsoever to

sitt in the said House of Commons or give any Voice therein dureing that Parlyament.

And bee it enacted That in every case where any Member or Members of the House of Commons shall by

vertue of this Act be disabled to sitt or vote in the House of Commons Then and in every such Case without

any further Conviction or other Proceeding against such Member or Members the Place .or Places for which they or any of them were elected is hereby declared void, and a new Writt or Writts shall issue out of the High Court of Chauncery by Warrant or Warrants from the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being and by Order of the said House for the Election of a new Member or Members to serve in the House of Commons

in the Place or Places of such Member or Members soe disabled to all intents and purposes as if such Member

or Members were naturally dead.

The said Oaths and Declaration to be made in this and every succeeding Parliament, at the Hours and in the Manner herein meutioned.

II.

Peers and Members

of the House of Commons not having taken the said Oaths, &c. and all Popish Recusants Convict, coming into the Presence of the King or Queen, &c.

Penalties.

Proviso.

III.

Peer or Member offending adjudged a Popish Recusant Convict.

Forfeiture as such, and Disability

and Penalty, s&$oo.

IV.

House of Peers and House of Commons may cause their Members to take the Oaths and subscribe the said Declaration openly in the House.

Peer sitting, kc. without taking the said Oaths, ike. disabled from voting during that Parliament.

The like as to [embers of the House of Commons.

V.

Members of the House of Commons being so disabled, their Seats void without further Conviction.

New Writ.

30° Car. II. Stat.2. c.l.

A.D. 16%8.

VI.

Sworn Servants to the King and Queen not having taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declaration of 25 Car. II. c.2. to take the said Oaths and subscribe the said Declaration at the times and in manner herein mentioned. Refusing, See. and yet coming into the Presence 5

Disability, Scc.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That from and after the First day of December One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight every Person then being and who after that time shall be a swome Servant to the Kings or Queens Majestie not haveing before that time duely taken the Oathes and made and subscribed the Declaration contained in an Act entituled An Act for pVenting Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants shall take the said Oathes and make and subscribe the Declaration before expressed in His Majestyes High Court of Chauncery in the manner aforesaid either in the next Terme after the said First day

of December or in the next Terme after any such person shall be soe swome a Servant, or in case of lawfuil

impediment by Sicknes proved upon Oath and allowed to be such under the Hand of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper for the time being then in the next Terme after such Impediment removed, And if any such Person shall refuse or neglect to doe the same, and yet after such refusall or neglect shall advisedly come into or remaine in the presence of the Kings or Queens Majestie or shall come into the Court or House where they or any of them reside as well dureing the Raigne of His p*sent Majestie as dureing the Raigns of His and their Royall Successors Kings or Queens of England and every of them, Every such Person shall be disabled to hold any

Place as such swome Servant and shall incurr and suffer all the Paines Penalties Forfeitures and Disabilities in

this Act mentioned or contained.

VH.

Proviio for Nativet of Portugal, being •worn Servant* to the Queen.

vm.

During the taking Oaths and subcribing Declaration, all Proceedings 111 Courts and Parliament to cease.

Schedule of Oaths taken, Names, &c. to be filed in Rolls by the Clerks of both Houses, See. Fee.

The said Rolls may be inspected. Houses of Peers and Commons, and Court of Chancery, to administer Oaths and Declaration. IX.

Proviso for Persons coming into the Presence of the King or Queen, having Licence as herein mentioned. Licence to be filed and viewed without Fee.

X.

Offender taking Oaths and subscribing Declaration, discharged from Penalties;

but not to restore such Person to any Office filled upon Voidance by this Act, 6.C. nor to discharge the said Penalty of 4^500.

Provided That nothing in this Act shall relate to or have any effect upon any person being a Natural 1 borne Subject of the King of Portugall who now is or hereafter shall be a swome Servant to the Queens Majestie [not exceeding Nine in number at any one time, nor to such Women Servants as her Majestie shall under her Hand and Seale from time to time for that purpose be pleased to nominate the said Women Servants soe nominated not exceeding the number of Nine at any one time.1]

And bee it enacted That dureing the time of takeing of the said Oathes and makeing and subscribeing the said Declaration all other Matters and Proceedings as well in the said Houses of Parlyament as in the said Court shall cease, And the said Oathes Declaration and Subscription together with a Schedule of the Names of the persons who shall by vertue of this Act take and subscribe the same shall be made entred and filed in Parchment Rolls from time to time duely provided for that purpose by the Clerke of the House of Lords and the Clerke of the House of Commons and by the Clerke of the Petty Bag in Chauncery for the severall and respective uses as aforesaid, and none of the Peeres or Members shall give or pay any Fee or Reward to any such Clerke above the summe of Twelve pence for the Entry of his takeing the said Oathes and makeing and subscribeing the said Declaration. All which Rolls respectively the said Clerks are hereby required from time to time without any Fee or Reward to shew to any person desireing to looke upon the same. And the said House of Peeres and House of Commons and Court of Chauncery are hereby severally impowered and required in the first place all other Busines laid aside to administer the said Oathes Declaration and Subscription respectively as occasion shall be from time to time to all and every the person and persons aforesaid duly demanding the same according to the directions purport and meaning of this present Act.

Provided alwayes That this Act nor any thing herein contained shall extend to the prejudice of any person for comeing into or remaining in the presence of the King or Queens Majestie who shall first have Licence soe to doe by any Warrant under the Hands and Seales of Six or more Privy Councellors by Order of His Majestyes Privy Councill upon some urgent occasion therein to be expressed soe as such License exceede not the space of Ten dayes and that the said License be first filed and putt upon Record in the Office of the Petty-bag in Chauncery for any body to view without Fee or Reward, and noe person be licensed for above the number of Thirty dayes in any one yeare.

Provided neverthelesse That if any Offender contrary to this Act shall at any time after such Offence take the said Oathes and make and subscribe the said Declaration in his Majestyes High Court of Chauncery and in the manner aforesaid Every such person shall be from thenceforth freed and discharged of and from all Seizures Penaltyes and Losses which he might otherwise sustame or beare for or by reason of being a Popish Recusant Convict by vertue of this Act, and shall bee freed and discharged from all Disabilityes and Incapadtyes incurred thereby soe as such Freedome and Discharge extend not to restore any such person to any Office or Place filled and supplyed upon voidance by this Act, nor to any other Office till after the expiration of One yeare from the takeing the said Oath and makeing the Declaration aforesaid, nor to make void or at any time discharge the said Forfeiture of Five hundred pounds incurred as aforesaid.

XI.

Proviso for the Duke of York.

[Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to His Royall Highnesse the Duke of

Yorke. *]

> annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule, the Word " agreed * being written in the Margin of the Schedule.

ooQ[e

( 897 )

Anno 31° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1679.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Begun to be holden at Westminster, the Sixth Day of March,

In the THIRTY-FIRST Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, And continued to the Twenty-seventh Day of May next ensuing.

€x J&otulo i&arliamentf heanno i&egni ftegte Carolt 3>ecunfti

Xricerfmo prime.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoaf et ten! apud Westmonasteriu Sexto Die Mardj Ano Regni Serenissimi Domini nri Caroli SSdi Dei Gra Anglie Scotie Francie et Hibemie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Tricesimo primo et in Vicessimu septirau Die Maij proxime fiitur continual Comuni omniu Dnoru ta Spualiu qua Temporaliu et Cdmunitads Consensu et Regie Majestatis Assensu inaditata et stabilita fuerunt hec sequenda Statuta videlicet.

CHAPTER I.

An Act for grandng a Supply to His Majestie of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred sixtie two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven.

Most Gracious Soveraigne

WEE Your Majestyes most loyall and obedient Subjects the Commons now in Parlyament assembled considering the great unnecessary Charge and Burthen and the many Inconveniences to this Kingdome which Your Majesde sustaines by the Continuance of the Forces raised since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven and those brought since that time into this Kingdome from Forreigne Service from beyond the Seas and being desireous to enable Your Majesde to pay and disband the same Doe freely chearfully and unanimously present unto Your Majesde for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid the Summe of Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence which wee beseech Your Majesde to accept of as a Testimony of our great Care for the Safety of Your Majesty es Person and the Peace and Prosperity of the Kingdome, And that it may be enacted and bee it enabled by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same That the Summe of Thirty sower thousand sower hundred and ten pounds nine shillings and six pence halfe penny by the moneth for Six monthes the First of the said monethes begining from the Twenty fowerth day of February in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred seaventy and nine shall be assessed taxed levyed and paid by Two Quarterly Payments in the severall Countyes Cityes Burroughes Townes and Places within England and Wales and the Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede according to the Rules and Proportions following, That is to say, For each Moneth of the said Six Moneths.

For the County of Bedford the summe of Fower hundred forty eight pounds eight shillings ten pence halfe-penny.

For the County of Berks the summe of Five hundred sixty six pounds three shillings three pence halfe-peny. For the County of Bucks the summe of Sixe hundred fifty seaven pounds thirteene shillings two pence halfe-peny.

For the County of Cambridge the summe of Five hundred and ten pounds.

The Isle of Ely the summe of One hundred seaventy sower pounds eighteene shillings and eleaven pence halfe-peny.

Rot. Parl. $lC.JT

MM. I.

Reasons for passing this Act

Grant of

4(^20^462.171.3d.

98. 6jd. by the Month for Six Months, in the several Counties,&c. and Proportions herein mentioned.

i^.

31° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1679.

The County of Chester the summe of Three hundred seaventy three pounds eighteene shillings and seren pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Chester the summe of Twenty six pounds fourteene shillings and two pence.

The County of Cornwall the summe of Seaven hundred and seaventy pounds nine shillings one peny halfe-peny.

The County of Cumberland the summe of Eighty sower pounds three shillings one halfe-peny.

The County of Derby the summe of Fower hundred thirty one pounds sower shillings and two pence.

The County of Devon the summe of One thousand six hundred and fowerteene pounds nineteene shillings and seaven pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Exon the summe of Fifty eight pounds three shillings and eight pence.

The County of Dorset the summe of Six hundred seaventy two pounds five shillings two pence halfe penny.

The Towne and County of Poole the summe of Five pounds nine shillings and ten pence.

The County of Durham the summe of One hundred sixty one pounds eighteene shillings sower pence halfe peny.

The County of Yorke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Yorke and Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull the summe of One thousand seaven hundred thirty foWer pounds twelve shillings and seaven pence.

The County of Essex the suifttoe of One thousand five hundred forty nine pounds sower shillings and five pence.

The County of Gloucester the summe of Nine hundred and sower pounds five shillings one penny halfe penny.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Gloucester the summe of Nineteene pounds fowerteene shillings.

The County of Hereford the summe of Five hundred sixtie five pounds sixteene shillings eight pence.

The County of Hertford the summe of Six hundred seaventy two pounds eighteene shillings one penny halfe penny.

The County of Huntington the summe of Three hundred and sixteene pounds seaventeene shillings and one penny.

The County of Kent with the Citty and County of the Citty of Canterbury the summe of One thousand six hundred sixty three pounds nine shillings and sower pence.

The County of Lancaster the summe of Five hundred and three pounds six shillings and nine pence.

The County of Leicester the summe of Five hundred forty two pounds seaven shillings one penny halfe penny.

The County of Lincolne with the Citty and County of the Citty of Lincolne the summe of One thousand two hundred eighty seven pounds eleaven shillings.

The Citty of London with the Liberty of Saint Martins le Grand the summe of Two thousand one hundred forty five pounds fifteene shillings and eight pence.

The County of Midlesex with the Citty and Liberty of Westminster the summe of One thousand five hundred and twenty pounds and five shillings.

The County of Monmouth the summe of One hundred ninety five pounds.

The County of Northampton the summe of seaven hundred and six pounds nineteene shillings and one penny.

The County of Nottingham with the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham the summe of Fower hundred thirty six pounds fowerteene shillings.

The County of Norffolke the summe of One thousand six hundred eighty five pounds six shillings.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Norwich the summe of Ninety pounds.

The County of Northumberland with the Townes of Newcastle and Berwicke upon Tweede the summe of One hundred eighty six pounds seaven shillings and ten pence.

The County of Oxon the summe of Five hundred sixty seaven pounds* fifteene shillings sower pence.

The County of Rutland the summe of One hundred and twenty pounds sower shillings five pence halfe-penny.

The County of Salop the summe of Six hundred and one pounds seaventeene shillings and one penny.

The County of Stafford the summe of Fower hundred twenty six pounds five shillings and ten pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Litchfield the summe of Six pounds and ten shillings.

The County of Somerset the summe of One thousand three hundred eighty five pounds fifteene shillings and sower pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Bristow the summe of Ninety nine pounds fowerteene shillings and two pence.

The County of Southampton with the Towne and County of Southampton and the Isle of Wight the summe of One thousand ninety sower pounds fowerteene shillings and sower pence.

The County of Suffolke the summe of One thousand six hundred forty nine pounds five shillings and fewer pence.

The County of Surrey with the Burrough of Southwarke the summe of Seaven hundred ninety eight pounds ten shillings and one penny.

The County of Sussex the summe of Nine hundred and ten pounds thirteene shillings and ten pence halfe-penny.

The County of Warwicke with the Citty and County of the Citty of Coventry the summe of Five hundred ninety six pounds sower shillings sower pence halfe-penny.

The County of Worcester the summe of Five hundred twenty six pounds nineteene shillings six pence.

The Citty and County of the Citty of Worcester the sume of Twenty seaven pounds fowerteene shillings and nine pence.

A.D. 1679.

31° Car. II. c. 1.

899

The County of Wilts the summe of Nine hundred eighty three pounds eight shillings nine pence halfe peny.

The County of Westmorland the summe of Fifty eight pounds.

The County of Anglesey the summe of Sixty two pounds sixteene shillings and ten pence.

The County of Brecon the summe of One hundred forty one pounds five shillings two pence three farthings.

The County of Cardigan the summe of Fifty two pounds seaventeene shillings ten pence three farthings.

The County of Carmarthen the summe of One hundred thirty six pounds three shillings and sower pence.

The County of Camarvan the summe of Seaventy three pounds six shillings one penny.

The County of Denbigh the summe of One hundred and eleaven pounds fifteene shillings and three pence halfe peny.

The County of Flint the summe of Fifty nine pounds eight shillings eight pence.

The County of Glamorgan the summe of One hundred eighty nine pounds eight shillings and eleaven pence.

The County of Merioneth the summe of Fifty pounds eight shillings and one halfe-penny.

The County of Montgomery the summe of One hundred thirty eight pounds six shillings and one penny.

The County of Pembrooke the summe of One hundred sixtie three pounds five shillings.

The Towne and County of Haverford-West the summe of Seaven pounds eleaven shillings eight pence halfe-penny.

The County of Radnor the summe of Eighty seaven pounds three shillings and sower pence.

And bee it further enacted That all and every the persons hereafter named shall' be Commissioners of and for the severall and respective Countyes Cittyes, Burroughs, Townes and Places hereafter named, and they and every of them shall have and execute the like Powers and Authorities Rules and Directions touching the better assessing, distributeing, collecting leavying receiveing and paying the said Two hundred and six thousand sower hundred and sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence in as large and ample manner as are limitted enacted directed and appointed to the Commissioners in one Act of Parlyament made in the Nine and twentyeth yeare of the Kings Majestyes Raigne Entituled An Act for raiseing the summe of Five hundred eighty sower thousand nine hundred seaventy eight pounds two shillings and two pence halfe penny for the speedy building Thirty Shipps of Warr. That is to say.

For the County of Bedford

The Right Honourable William Lord Russell Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Bedford and one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Thomas Lord Bruce Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Aylisbury Edward Russell Esq^ Sir George Carteret Sir John Duncombe Baronets Charles Leigh Esq* Sir John Napier Sir John Cotton Sir John Burgoyne Sir Rowland Alston Sir Anthony Chester Sir Humphry Winch Sir Humphrey Monox Sir S* John Chamocke Sir Stephen Anderson Sir William Gostwicke Sir John Osborne Baronets, Sir William Palmer Sir William Beecher Sir George Blundell Sir Francis Wingate Sir William Francklin Knights. Pawlet Sl John Oliver Luke John De la Fountaine Thomas Hillersdon William Duncombe Francis Dives Thomas Browne William Dyer Thomas Palmer Villiers Charnocke Richard Stone St John Thompson senior William Butler John Keeleing George Abbott senior George Edwards Brooke Bridges John Harvey William Spencer John Coppin William Gery Walter Carew Gayus Squire Robert Mountague Humprey Fish John Vaux John Neale John Cockayne John Ventres Robert Crompton Robert Awdley Samueil Bedford Edmond Gardner William Farrer Mathew Dennis Richard Orlibeare Jasper Edwards Richard Edwards William Foster William Daniell John Smith St John Thompson junior Henry Mountague Esquires William Symcocks Thomas Halfepenny senior Nicholas Granger Thomas Halfepenny junior Gentlemen Francis Dodsworth John Ashbumham Charles Duncombe Ironsides Esquires.

For the Towne of Bedford.

The Maior for the time being The Right Honourable William Lord Russell Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Bedford and one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Thomas Lord Bruce Sonne and Hare apparent to the Earle of Aylisbury Sir John Napier Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Humphrey Monox Baronets Sir William Beecher Knight Pawlet St John Esquire Sir William Francklyn Knight Robert Awdley Edmond Gardiner Robert Russell John Ashbumham Charles Fleetewood William Foster Brooke Bridges Esquires Thomas Cristy William Berket John [Beaumon1] William Scott Gentlemen Alderman Crawley Paul Coble John Spencer Gentlemen Alderman Symon Berkett Alderman Francis Berkett John Easton Gentleman John Pemberton Gens Alderman Faldoe senior Alderman Smith.

For the County of Berks

Henry Earle of Sterling of the Kingdome of Scotland Charles Earle of Ancram of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir George Carteret Vice-Chamberlaine to His Majestie Sir Humphrey Forester Sir John Stonehouse Sir Henry Henn Sir Henry Winchcombe Sir Thomas Draper Sir Thomas Clergis Sir Edmond Fettiplace Baronets Sir William Rich Sir Anthony Craven Sir Henry Purefoy Baronets Sir Henry Fane Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Pye Sir William Craven Sir William Jones His Majestyes Attoumey Generali Knights Sir William Kendricke Baronet Sir Thomas Dolman Sir Richard Harrison Sir Algernon May Sir Giles Hungerford Sir William Armorer Sir Edward Norris Sir William Paule Knights Robert Packer Edward Mansfield Richard Nevill George Porter Thomas Hobby William

1 Beaumont 0.

II.

Commissioners

named;

with Powers as under *9 C. IL c. I.

900

31° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1679.

ChHfinch John Deane Richard Southby senior Richard Aldworth Edward Fettiplace Thomas Vachell Francis Piggoct Esquires Sir Robert Sawyer Knight John Kingsmill Edward Keate Captaine Edward Gernurd of Midiam William Trumball Doctor of Lawes William Nelson Hungerford Dunch Major Dunch Esquires John Blagrave Thomas Fettiplace Samuell Brightwell William Willimott Thomas Goodlocke Humphrey Hyde John Finch Paul Colton William Barker of Hurst Henry ProSor Edmund Wiseman Thomas Hussey Francis Hungerford Doctor of Phisicke William Ball Henry Nevill Esquires Roger Draper John Breeden John Wildeman Esquires John Hippesley Benjamin Ruddier Thomas Meddlicott Richard Southby junior John Southby junior Richard Hyde of Blagrave John Loder Esquires Thomas Holt Serjeant at Law John Bygg of Hurst Esquire Richard Winwood Thomas Staples [ Esquire1] Thomas Seymour Richard Brotherwicke William Angell John Collins Henry Due Collonell Charles Gerrard of Lambome Richard Fincher William Hammersley Esquires Phillip Weston Richard Lightffoote Gentlemen William Offiey Charles Perrett Doctors of Law Henry Barker Esquire John Whitwicke Robert Leigh Samuell Starkey Richard Pount John Howse Scorey Barker John Hersey William Smith John Stone Esquire, James Smith Symon Smith Charles Whitacre William Cherrey Esqs Richard Palmer Esquire Richard Brickenden Giles Hamley George Blagrave John Topham John Peacocke Nicholas Hyde Thomas Southby John Blandy Esquires John Due Bartholomew Tipping Esquire George Keat John Hearon John Saunders of Shipon cum Stoford Bolton James Robert Lee Esquire John Byggs John Whitfield James Hexon Edmond Eyre John Powney Roger Knight John Topham of Windsor Richard Peirce William Bowles Bartholomew Yeate Nathan Knight Valentine Croome George Bishopp of Bray Gentleman The Maior of Reading* The Maior of Abingdon, The Maior of Windsor, The Maior of Wallingford The Maior of Newberry for the time being Moses Slade of Wallingford Rayman Esq* Richard Jennings

Esq* Captaine Robert Reeves Reynald Povay Esq* Edmund Pye Thomas Hoard Esquires John Plumer Esq* John Jones Doctor of Phisicke Timothy Eman Alexander Blagrave James Hayes Thomas Harrison Samuell Howse Sawyer junior Sebastian Lyford Gen!.

For the County of Bucks

Charles Earle of Ancram in the Kingdome of Scotland Edward Viscount Latimer Sonne and Heire apparent to Thomas Earle of Danby Phillip Lord Waynman Viscount Tuen in the Kingdome of Ireland, Thomas Wharton Esquire Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir Thomas Tyrrell Sir John Borlace Sir Anthony Chester Sir Thomas Proby Sir William Bowyer Sir William Smith Sir Ralph Vemey Sir William Drake Sir Henry Andrewes Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Thomas Lee Sir Dennis Hampson Sir Peter Tyrrell Baronets Sir William Terringham Sir Richard Ingoldesby Sir Robert Gayer Knights of the Bath Sir Francis Weynman Sir Richard Piggoct Sir Robert Cleyton Sir Robert Crooke Sir Thomas Clargis Sir Roger Hill Sir John Trevor Sir John Tompson Sir John Busby Sir George Jefferies Sir Cesar Cranmer Sir Thomas Cleyton Knights Daniell Finch Charles Cheney Thomas Waller Edmond Waller senior Edmond Waller junior William Penn Edmond West Brett Norton Thomas Hackett John Duncombe of Great Brickhill Simon Bennet Robert Lovet Thomas Barrenger Edward Lee Edward Backwell Thomas Butler William Serjeant junior Edward Nicholas of Hitcham Thomas Farrer senior Thomas Farrer junior John Risby Roger Price Knightley Purefoy Thomas Nappier Richard Hampden John Borlace Thomas Lewes Robert Tomkins Edward Baldwyn John Witherengs Thomas Saunders of Haddenham George Russell William Jepson Richard Winwood Richard Greenvile Budd Wayes Bazill Brent William Hill John Hampden Thomas Stafford Bernard Turney Christopher Egleton Francis Terringham Robert Dormer John Loggins Thomas Piggoct Joseph Alston Henry Bertie Thomas Doyley John Hobart George Wyan William Clever William Abraham Nicholas Salter junior Thomas Lewes senior Henry Seymour Robert Stiles John Grubb John Greene Joseph Mainard Thomas Owen Andrew Duffeild Edmond Mellicott Marmaduke Darrell Edmond Varney Edmond Darrell William Coleing John Dormer William Farrer junior Francis Knowles Simon Mayne William Fleetewood Henry Herbert Edward Bate William Bowyer junior William Bowyer senior William Busby Richard Meade Edward Manfeild Esquires George Evelyn Henry Sumner Joseph Haines Esquires.

For the Towne of Buckingham.

The Bayliffe for the time being Edward Viscount Latimer Sonne and Heire apparent to Thomas Earle of Danby Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir William Smith Sir Peter Tyrrell Baronets Sir John Busby Knight John Risley Edward Bate Edmond Varney Edmund Andrewes Edmund Darrell junior Hugh Etheraey Esquires John Rogers John Grove William Robinson William Hartley Pelham Sandwell George Dancer Walter Alnutt.

For the Towne of Wickham

The Maior for the time being Charles Ellyott Edward Bedder Henry Bigg Samuell Wells Alexander Parmum John Wheeler Jonathan Randoll.

For the County of Cambridge.

William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland, The Right honourable Sir Thomas Chichley Knight Master Generali of the Ordnance and one of IBs Majestyes most Honourable Privy Council!, Sir Thomas Hatton Sir John Cotton Sir Thomas Willis Sir Henry Pickering Sir Thomas Slater Sir Levinus Bennett Sir George Downeing Sir Robert Cotton Baronets Gerrard Russell Edward Parthericke

1 Esquires O.

A.D. 1679.

31° Car. II. c. 1.

901

John Willis John Cotton Francis Buller Thomas Steward Phillip Cotton John Millicent Roger Rant Jeffery Knightwryalf Gardner John Clarke William Layer Thomas Duckett Roger Pepys Mildmay Dowman Terrell Dolton William Ayliffe Thomas Bucke Daniell Martin Edward Pickering Henry Slingsby John Pepis DoQor of Law William Russell Richard Cutts Christopher Hatton John Childe Samuell Clerke William Manniston Ralph Pemberton Samuell Fortrey junior Talbert Pepis John Holman John Rant Haynes Barley Samuell Desborow Robert West Butler

of Barnewell Roger Stotewill John Folkes William Eversdon Richard Bury Robert Dorrington Robert Swayne John Bennett of Abbington Esquires.

For the Isle of Ely

The Right Honourable William Lord Russell sonne and heire apparent to the Earle of Bedford and one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Thomas Chichley Knight Master Generali of the Ordnance and one of His Majestyes most Honourable (') Sir John Norton Sir Lyonell Walden Gerrard Russell Edward Parthericke William Colvile Thomas Steward Anthony Fisher William March Thomas Towers Charles Wren William Wren Robert Hampson William Balam Henry Hitch Doctor of Law Thomas Edwards Roger Jenings, Francis Underwood Haynes Barley Hugh Underwood Peter Dimond John Fincham Richard Reade Henry Goodricke Edward Parthericke junior Ralph Pemberton Robert Swaine Maximilian Walsham Edmond Williamson Samuell Fortrey junior George Farewell junior Sigismond Trafford Esquires.

For the University and Towne of Cambridge.

The Vice-Chauncellor of the University for the time being The Maior of the Towne for the time being William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland [The Right Honourable1] Sir John Chichley Knight Master Generali of the Ordnance and one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Thomas Page Sir Thomas Exton James Vernon Joseph Beaumont Doctor of Divinity Cudworth Francis Turner John Eachard Thomas Watson

Nathaniell Coga Doctors of Divinity John [Board3] Doctor of Law Robert Brady Doctor of Phisicke John Goslin Doctor of Phisicke Roger Pepys Robert Wright Nicholas Jacob Esquires Nathaniell Crabb Robert Muriell Samuell Newton Owen Mayfield Edward Miller Andrew Hart Thomas Ewin Francis Jermin Aldermen of the Towne of Cambridge Sir Thomas Slater Baronet Edward Stoyt DoSor of Phisicke Robert Twelves Doctor of Law Samuell Moody Esqs Edward Storey Gent.

For the County of Chester

Robert Lord Cholmondley of the Kingdome of Ireland (4) William Lord Brereton of the Kingdome of Ireland Charles Gerrard Henry Booth Thomas Nedham Esquires Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Thomas Delves Sir Willoughby Aston Sir Thomas Powell Sir Robert Leicester Sir Thomas Manwareing Sir Richard Brookes Sir Thomas Bellott Sir Peter Pynder Sir Peter Standley Baronets Sir Robert Cotton Knight and Baronet Sir Phillip Egerton Sir Jeffery Shackerley Sir Peter Brookes Sir John Arderne Sir John Trevor Sir John Crew Knights Peter Venables Baron of Kinderton John Crew Collonell Thomas Leigh senior Collonell Thomas Leigh junior Richard Leigh of Lyme Thomas Cholmondley Richard Leigh William Venables Nathaniell Booth Thomas Mostyn of Beeston William Williams Edward Leigh Randoll Dodd Peter Wilbraham Roger Wilbraham William Marbury Edward Warren John Leigh John Manwareing of Badeley Edward Glegg Edward Minshell Edward Jodrell William Lawton Thomas Delves John Daniell Roger Whitley Thomas Leigh of Lyme Edward Lutwich Edward Dove of Duddon Esquires John Warren William Davenport Thomas Whitley Robert Pickering Robert Cholmondley of Holford Thomas Daniell Peter Leigh of Boothes Henry Manwaring Roger Manwaring Thomas Minshall Ralph Wilbraham Richard Walthall Anthony Eyre William Cotton Henry Davies John Davies John [Hurreston3] Thomas Dutton Thomas Bunbury Edward Downes John Ward John Davenport of Wydford Leftwich Oldfeild William Stopford Hugh Grosvenour Edward Wright John Starkey of Wrenbury Thomas Hollingshead Esquires Phillip Ward Thomas Swettenham of Swettenham Thomas Swettenham of Hateley Christopher Berron Gentlemen Doctor Wainwright Greenhough

Bispham.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Chester.

The Maior for the time being William Williams Esq^ Recorder Sir Thomas Grosvenour Baronet Richard Bird Randall Oulton William Streete Robert Murrey William Wilson Gawen Hudson Thomas Simpson Richard Wright Henry Lloyd John Maddox Robert Caddick William Harvey William Ince William Wilme George Manwareing Peter Edwards Aldermen Sir Robert Williams Sir Peter Pynder Baronets Sir Phillip Egerton Sir James Bradshaw Knights Henry Brooke Pusey Brooke Ralph Whitley Kenricke Eaton Edward Lutwich John Brerewood George Booth Thomas Swynton Esquires The Sheriffes for the time being Nathaniell Williamson William Wright John Anderson Gen?.

For the County of Cornwall.

Bernard Greenvile Robert Robertes John Arundell Hender Robertes Francis Robertes James Mohun Esquires Sir Bourchier Wrey Sir Jonathan Trelawney Sir John Carew Sir Viell Vivion Sir John Coriton Sir William Godolphin Baronets Sir Peter Killegrew Knight and Baronet Sir Nicholas Stanning Knight of the Bath and Baronet Sir John St Awbin Sir William Morris Baronets Sir Richard Edgecombe Knight of the Bath Sir John Arundell Sir Joseph Tredenham Sir James Smith Sir John Godolphin Sir Walter Moyle Sir John Molsworth Knights Collonell John

Yol. V.

10 U

902

31° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1679.

Trelawney Charles Trevanian Hugh Boscawen Samuel! Rolles Sydney Godolphin William Boscawen John Seynt Awbin Jonathan Rashleigh Francis Trefusis John Ellyott Francis Buller John Buller John Trelawney John Coriton Daniell Ellyott John Tanner William Scawen Edmond Prideaux Walter Kendall Joseph Sawle Thomas Dorrell Nicholas Glynn Edward Boscawen John Vivian Thomas Vivian Edward Herle John Connock Humphrey Nichols of Penvos William Courtney Arthur Fortescue Nicholas Courtney Edward Ellyott Richard Ellyott William Mohun Edward Nosworthy senior Edward Nosworthy junior John Prideaux John Rashley Esquires Richard Trevanion of Verrian Richard Scobell Gentlemen John Kendall Esquire Charles Trevanion of Goran Gent John Treffry Francis Calmady Richard Erisey Esquires Charles Kendall Gent Ambrose Manaton Nicholas Herle Esquires Arthur Spry James Prayed William Painter Humphrey Courtney John Blyth Charles Grills Robert Hoblin Francis Grills Richard Hoblin George Robinson William Bond William Keigwin Esquires Arthur Painter Gentleman John Polewheele John Penrose Collonell William Godolphin Thomas Piper Richard Kelliowe John Pendarvis Richard Pendarvis Charles Boscawen Thomas Waddon Ezekiell Arundell Edward Harris James Erisey Thomas Coke William Arscott Lewes Tremayne Thomas Achim Samuell Ennis John Fowell Henry Erisey Anthony Chinowith William Silley Humphrey Borlace Nathaniell Moyle Thomas Kendall Christopher Bellott Thomas Carew Samuell Langford John Verman Humphrey Lower John Billing Phillip Mayowe John Arundell of Duloe Esquires John Barrett of Killigreene Gen! Thomas Penhallow Richard Williams John Williams Esquires Stephen Robbins of Winnoe Gentleman John Murth Humphrey Langford James Bond of Earth Nicholas Wills Samuell Cabells Jonathan Trelawney of Coldruneck George Spry Esquires Abell French Gen! John Cotton Hugh Jones Edward Kneebone junior Gen! John Pierce of Dewsto Hugh Tonkin of Trevownance Walter Vincent Charles Vivian Esquires Thomas Kelley John Courtney Thomas Hicks of Kerries Gentlemen, Hugh Trevanion William Symons Esquires Thomas Cossen Robert Pearse Gen! John Tregagle John Waddon Esquires John Hichens Walter Norris Gen! William Blyth Robert Rowse Esquires Francis Seint Awbin William Coryton Esquires Sampson Veale Gent Edmond Phillips John Glynn Esquires Charles Trevanian of Crege Edward Hoblin Gentleman John Nicholl of Litlewood William Trevisa Esquires Sampson Mannaton of Manaton Thomas Hawkey Henry Gregor Gentlemen The Maior for the time bang of Lanceston Bodmin Loytwithiell and Truroe.

For the County of Cumberland

Edward Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire apparent to Charles Earle of Carlisle Sir Richard Musgrave of Edenhall Sir Richard Graham Sir William Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Lowther Sir John Lowther of Whitehaven Sir William Pennington Sir Richard Musgrave of Haton Baronets Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Wilfred Lawson Sir Phillip Howard Sir John Dalston Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Ballentine Knights Wilfred Lawson Esquire High Sheriffe Ferdinando Hudleston John Lamplugh Daniell Fleming Richard Lamplugh Robert Carleton John Aglionby Orlando Gee William Musgrave Thomas Denton Richard Jolson Thomas Dalston Henry Dacre Thomas Warwicke Anthony Hutton Richard Pahilkson William Blenerhasset Christopher Richmond Miles Pennington Darcey Curwen Edward Stanley Henry Foster Leonard Dykes Henry Broham Henry Salkeild William Orfeer William Fielding Henry Fletcher John Ponsonby Andrew Hudleston William Briscoe Esquires Captaine Joseph Hudleston Bazill Fielding John Briscoe Richard Eglesfeild Richard Lowry of Cockermouth Gentlemen The Maior of Carlisle for the time being.

For the County of Derby

The Right Honourable William Lord Cavendish Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Devonshire and one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Thomas Grisley Sir John Courzon Sir John Gell Sir Francis Burdett Sir John Harper Sir Robert Coke Sir Henry Every Sir William Boothby Baronets Sir Francis Leake Knight and Baronet Sir Samuell Sleigh Sir Gilbert Clerke Sir Edward Abney Knights Sir Nicholas Wilmott Knight Serjeant at Law Sir Simon Degg Sir John Shore Knights Anchitell Grey John Ferrers German Pole John Coke Henry Gilbert Henry Cavendish George Vernon Robert Burdett John Burdett Willoughby Grey William Fitzherbert John Agard Charles Cotton John Stephenson Henry Milward John Mundey Phillip Gell George Pole Robert Coke William Eyre Francis Revell Robert Wilmott Cornelius Clarke Christopher Horton Gilbert Thacker John Allen John Stanhope Thomas Milward Francis Leake John Curzon Francis Burton Walter Horton Francis Barker Edward Pegg Samuell Saunders John Morewood John Spateman John Every William Allestrey Henry Mellor Nicholas Wilmott Thomas Gladwin Samuell Holden Samuell Hallows Anthony Fitzherbert John Low of Denbigh Low of Alderwasley

Henry Keyes Robert (*) Agney William Bage Walter [Wolsey1] Henry Kendall John Smithson William Hopkinson Thomas Eyre Adam Eyre Henry Balgey Robert Wandoll Andrew Clayton Robert Haywood Hugh Bateman Edward Osborne Esquires The Maior of Derby for the time being Humphrey Yates Policarpus Dakin James Ward John Dalton John Brookehouse Edward Walker George Blackewell Samuell Goodwin Joseph Parker Gentlemen The Maior of Chesterfeild for the time being Richard Clarke Peter Dowker Thomas Britland.

For the County of Devon.

The Right Honourable William Lord Russell Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Devonshire and one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill The Right Honourable Edward Seymour Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir William Courtnay Baronet Edward Russell Esquire Sir Edward Seymour Sir Peter Prideaux Sir George Chudleigh Sir Francis Drake Sir Amos Pollard Sir Courtney Poole Sir Coplestone

1 Ashton James 0.

* Woolsley 0.

A.D. 1679.

31° Car. II. c.l.

903

[Bampfeild1] Sir Arthur Northcote Sir Walter Young Sir Hugh Ackland Sir John Drake Sir Henry Carew Sir William Morris Sir Peter Fortescue Sir Arthur Harris Sir Thomas Putt Sir Nicholas Slanning Sir Peter Leare Baronets Sir John Rolle Sir Richard Edgecombe Sir Simon Leach Sir Henry Vane Knights of the Bath Sir Henry Carew Sir John Mainard Sir Peter Ball Sir Henry Ford Sir John Trevor Sir James Smith Sir John Mallett Sir William Waldrond Sir Thomas Bury Sir Hugh Piper Sir Thomas Carew Sir William Bastard Sir Nathaniell Herne Knights Samuell Rolle Peter Prideaux George Chudley Francis Courtney John Pole John Roll John Northcott of Uton John Basset Richard Strode Mathew Halls Edmond Parker John Courtney Mathew Hale Nicholas Morrice Richard Coffin John Harris Richard Duke William Bragge Josias Calmady senior Nicholas Dennis Edmond Walrond John Tanner Henry Northleigh Richard Bevis Arthur Harris John Drake of Iveybridge John Bury of Colditon Elizeus Crimes Joseph Drake William Lacy John Cloberry William Trevild William Eveligg John Harris of Wortham Bampfeild Rodd Phillip Harris of Tomington Hugh Vaughan Ambrose" Manaton James Calwoodleigh Henry Carew Thomas Shepcott John Worth Martin Rider Thomas Pyne Phillip Harris of Hayne Warwicke Pollexfen Arthur Pyne Robert Pollexfen Thomas Reynell John Kelland senior John Upton John Kelland junior John Sparke William Stowell Richard Hillersdon Samuell Foote George Treby Josias Calmady junior Gilbert Yard ofBradleigh Jonathan Rashleigh John Chichester of Hall John Fry of Yarley Richard Duke senior Gideon Heydon John Croker William Savery John Gifford of Brightby George Carew Samuell Sainthill Samuell Tanner Thomas Weare Richard Lee John Chichester of Widworth John Ashford John Blewet John Raymond Elias Bartlett Arscott Bickford Thomas Drew Edmond Prideux of Ford Leonard Yeo Jonathan Prideux Henry Steevens James Cllifford John Beere of Berescoembe Roger Pomerey John Hale Roger Wallacombe Sebastian Isaac James Huish Richard Ducke Edward Yard Edward Lovett Bartholimew Gidley Aaran Baker John How James Rodd William Drake of Yarbury John Vaughan William Bogan Henry Fry John Arscott Arthur Tremaine John Kelley Sampson Hele Richard Langworth John Steere Arscott Bickford John Fortescue William Langford William Putt Phillip Champemowne Shilston Calmady Jonathan Sparke John Sparke William Jenings William Fortescue Rowland Whiddon Thomas Wood junior Edward Fortescue Phillip Shepcott Anthony Salter John Willoby John Davy of Canontring John Davy of Ruxford Richard Shapley Rawlin Mallock Henry Worth Henry Chichester Hugh Stofford Thomas Beare of Huntson John Quash John Garland John Quick Nicholas Courtney Edmond Pollexfen Arthur Ackland Arthur Champemoone John Bidgood Ambrose Roope Thomas Walker Henry Blackalter Henry Trosse James Fortescue Henry Bennet William Upton Richard Founds Samuell Serle Esquires George Fortescue William Cotton Andrew Friend Charles Strode John Munion Joseph Elford John Martin Robert Burgoyne Andrew Horseman Isaac Tillard William Symons The High Sheriffe for the time being The Maiors of Plymouth Barnstable Totnesse Tiverton Torrington Dartmouth and Plimpton for the time being.

For the Citty and County of the Citty of Exon

The Right Honourable Edward Seymour Esquire one of His Majesties most Honourable Privy Councill The Maior for the time being Sir James Smith Sir John Mallet Sir Thomas Carew Knights Henry Gaudy Thomas Walker George Tuthill William Glyde Malachy Pyne Isaac Mowditt Chrisopher Bradridge John Parr The Sheriffe for the time being The Receiver for the time being Andrew Quash John Snell Malachy Pyne junior John Glanviie John Tremaine Councellors at Law John Bidgood Nicholas Hele John Waterhouse Edmond Davye Doctors of Phisicke George Leach John Cholwich Nicholas Brookeing Thomas Brookeing Robert Hutchings Humphrey Levermore John Elwill John Starr junior Joseph Mowditt John Mayne Thomas Tucker Abraham Trowt Merchants.

For the County of Dorsett.

Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire apparent of Anthony Earle of Shaftesbury Sir Hugh Windham Knight one of the Justices of His Majesties Court of Common Pleas Sir Francis Holies Knight Sir William Portman Knight Sir John Morton Sir Nathaniell Napier Baronets Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir John Strode Sir Winston Churchill Sir George Strode Knights Thomas Strangewayes Esquire Thomas Freke Esquire John Tregonwell of Milton John Tregonwell of Anderston Esquires Thomas Browne Robert Napper George Hulford Edward Meller James Long Wadham Strangewayes Henry Butler William Uvedall William Okenden Robert Coker Henry Whitacre George [Reeves1] Robert Culliford Robert Seymour Anthony Ethricke John Rives James Gould Thomas Chasse Thomas Chafin Robert Williams William Strode Thomas Earle, Thomas Bainard George Savage John Hoskins Michaell Harvey John Hurding Nathaniell Highmore Hugh Hodges William Floyre John Gould Henry Henley Thomas Bennett Henry Constantine George Strangewayes John Still John Lawrence John Ironside William Bowles John Hardy Richard Greene Thomas Turbervile Seamour Bowman John Cradocke Joseph Seward John Churchill William Churchill Robert Oxenbridge Francis Mohun George Stile Edward St Low Robert Fry senior Richard Swaine Joseph Hussey Henry Bower Robert Fry William Frampton Giles Frampton William Hull Richard Broadripp Richard Fownes John Larder Henry [Heming3] Nicholas Hardy John Bishop Simon Agarton Arthur Fookes Andrew Etricke Thomas Radford George Dawbeny senior Bullen Rymes John Richards John Abington Nicholas Gould William Wayte Richard Henvile Nicholas Browne John Gallop Bonham Strangewayes Gerrard Wood John Eastment Henry Trenchard George Strode of Slape John Michaell Doyley Michaell Robert Freke Thomas Gallop of Stroude George Gigger Robert Bishopp Thomas Plucknet George Spencer William Bull Robert Henning William Harvey Gregory Alford.

31° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1679.

For the Towne and County of Poole.

Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire apparent of Anthony Earle of Shaftesbury Thomas Chaffin Henry Trenchard Esquires The Maior for the time being [Anthony Etricke Esqs Recorder The Sheriffe of the said Towne for the time being1] William Orchard John Carter Nicholas Efford Moses Durrell Isaac Hart Allen Skutt William Streete Henry Jubber Thomas Young Willis Merchants.

For the County Palatine of Durham.

Nicholas Conyers Esquire High Sheriffe of the County Sir John Otway Knight Temporal! Chauncellor Richard Lord Lumley of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Ralph Cole Sir James Clavering Sir Thomas Liddell Sir Robert Eden Sir William Blacket Baronets Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronet Sir George Vane Sir Francis Anderson Sir Joseph Craddocke Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir Henry Calverley Sir Ralph Carr Knights John Tempest Henry Lidle Henry Lambton William Bellases Christopher Vane John Clavering Francis Bowes William Bowes John Parkhurst Thomas Craddocke William Blakiston William Stroder Nicholas Cole Ralph Davison Thomas Fetherstonhalgh Cuthbert Carr William Tempest Humphrey Wharton John Morland Thomas Carnaby Esquires Master Duke Allison Miles Stapleton George Morland Christopher Sanderson Clement Fulthorp Thomas Bellingam William Lambton Robert Wharton Baldwin Pitt John Jennison Thomas Wright John Jefferson James Mickelton William Davison William Orde of Beete John Fulthorpe John Jenkins William Lilbourne Henry Ewbancke Esquires Michaell Hall Gentleman The Maior of Durham for the time being The Maior of Stockton for the time being Master Alderman Hall Master Alderman Ducke Captaine Henry Barnes Master Walter Etricke Master Robert Smith Master William Wilson Master Pexall Foster Master James Cooke Master Robert Jackson Master Thomas Watson of Berwicke Thomas Hall Esquire Thomas Allenson [Gentlemen2] Mr William Midford Mr Midleton.

For the County of Yorke The West Rideing of the said County.

Charles Lord Clifford Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Burlington George Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Edward Lord Latimer Sonne and Heire apparent of Thomas Earle of Danby Henry Lord Fairefatf of the Kingdome of Scotland Conyers Darcey Esquire Sir Henry Goodricke Sir Thomas Maleverer Sir John Reresby Sir John Kay Sir Thomas Armitage Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir William Ingleby Sir Godfrey Copley Sir Edmond Wynn Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir George Cooke Sir William Franckland Baronets Sir Thomas Wharton Sir Gervas Cutler Sir John Hewley Sir John Dawney Sir William Lowther Sir William Wentworth Sir Edmond Jennings Sir Christopher Clapham Sir Henry Thompson Sir Ralph Knight Sir Thomas Yarbrough Sir Richard Weston Sir John Boynton Sir William Dalston Sir Jonathan Jenings Sir Patience Ward Knights Phillip Wharton Thomas Fairefax Richam Hutton Christopher Tankred John Ramsden Sir Walter Hawksworth Welbury Norton William Palmes Francis Nevill Denzell Onslow Walter Calverley Henry Eyre Sir James Long Baronet John Savile John Wentworth Bradwardin Tindall Francis Touljombe Thomas Vincent Willoughby Rokeby Francis Rersby William Lowther James Stockdale John Brilby Richard Washington William Hamond Thomas Yarbrough Walter Lister Henry Stapleton Arthur Ingram William Stockdale William Drake Inglebert Leeds Thomas Fairfax of Menston Cuthbert Wade John Stanhope William Ellis Charles Osborne Tobias Jenkins John Adams John Goodricke Roger Portington John Clarke John Garland Francis White John Lister George Thornhill Thomas Haber senior Ralph Lowther Miles Stanley Richard Beaumont Thomas Fawkes Henry Hitch William Roundle Henry Edmonds Thomas Gill Thomas Parker Thomas Dodson John Hatfield William Johnson Thomas Lister Lyonell Copley William Farrer Henry Marsden William Beckwith William Drake Henry Slingsby Francis Batty Thomas Jackson George Fothergill Thomas Craven Thomas Haber junior Jonathan Jennings Christopher Driffield Thomas Dawney John Ashton Richard Aldbrough Henry Arthington Everingham Cressey Thomas Rokeby Thomas Hasseltine Richard Sterne Thomas Wilkinson Anthony Hetcher John Lawson Lawrence Wharton Charles Rickard Henry Cooke Esquires Walter Lacocke George Rason Wilfrid Lawson Cuthbert Chambers John Atkinson Richard Atkinson Gentlemen The Maior of Rippon for the time being The Maior of Doncaster for the time being The Maior of Pontefract for the rime being The Maior of Leeds for the time being Richard Graham Francis Styreing Richard Roads Symon Warranor Gentlemen John Fountaine Thomas Ward Esquires William Dawson.

For the North Rideing in the said County of Yorke.

Edward Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Carlisle Conyers Darcey Nicholas Sanderson Marmaduke Darcy Esquires Sir Christopher Wivill Sir Hugh Cholmley Sir Metcalfe Robinson Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir David Foulis Sir William Franckland Sir John Lowther Sir Watkinson Payler Sir John Nappier Sir William Caley Sir George Marwood Sir Richard Grahme of Nunington .Sir Richard Grahme of Norton Sir Christopher Wandesford Sir James Pennyman Sir James Long Sir John Hotham Sir John Brooke Sir Thomas Pennyman Baronets Sir Hugh Bethell Sir John Hewley Sir Marmaduke Dalton Sir Robert Peyton Sir Gervas Elwes Sir Edward Challoner Sir John Dawney Sir Phillip Howard Sir John Dalston Sir Henry Thompson of Marston Sir Henry Calverley Sir Barrington Bourchier Sir Robert Layton Knights Serjeant Turner James Darcy Phillip Darcy William Wivell William Leveson Gower Henry Marwood William Caley John Beverley Roger Beckwith Roger Talbott John Dodworth of [Warlis3] Richard Peirse Barrington Bourchier George Smithson senior George Smithson junior Robert Watters of Cundall Francis Wivill Henry Guy Edward Croft

A.D. 1679-

31° Car. II. c. I.

905

William Thompson John Gibson senior Anthony Franckland Richard Shutleworth Constable Bradshaw Thoma* Gower William Gower Humphrey Wharton Edward Hutchinson Reynald Grahme Charles Tankred Richard Sterne William Palmes Christopher Darcy Francis Thompson James Heblethwaite Thomas Hasle William Robinson James Mountaigne Edward Trotter Anthony Lowther John Ayscough John Lowther Timothy Maleverer Henry Thompson Thomas Worsley William Metcalfe Walter Lister Thomas Wayte Henry Crosland Charles Bellasis John Wivill Constable Bradshaw Mathew Anlaby Thomas Lassells Thomas Craddocke Walter Bethell Robert Wharton Esquires John Gibson junior Isaac Fairfax Thomas Wakefeild George Norton William Fielding James Morley John Chapman Roger Lee John Sampson William Trueman Thomas Fairfax Thomas Langley Thomas Jackson of Nunington Phillip Prince Towers Driffeild John Hill senior John Hill junior Robert Bushell Richard Ward George Smalwood Isaac Newton John Thomlinson Christopher [Pearcihah1] John Nary Robert Willy Gentleman Doctor Smith of Easby [The Maior of Easby1] The Maior of Richmond for the time (3) The Bayliffes of Scarborough for the time being and Tristam fish and [Timoty4] Ford for Scarborough aforesaid.

For the East Rideing in the said County of Yorke.

Charles Lord Clifford Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Burlington Henry Lord Fairfax of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir John Hotham Sir Francis Boynton Sir Robert Hilliard Sir Watkinson Pailer Sir Thomas Rudston Sir John Legard Sir Henry S* Quindn Sir Thomas Strickland Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronets Sir Thomas Daniell Sir Thomas Remington Sir Hugh Bethell Sir William Cob Sir Ralph Wharton Sir Henry Thompson Sir Edward Bernard Sir Michaell Warton Sir Mathew Peirson Sir Stephen Thompson Knights Michaell Warton Sir John Hewley Knight Tobias Jenkins Robert Bucke Durand Hotham George Dawney John Lister Christopher Hilliard William Osbaldiston William Thompson John Hotham Henry Thompson Robert Southabby Richard Robinson Captaine Tomlinson Thomas Crompton Francis Tompson William Gee William Boynton Henry Guy Walter Bethell Robert Constable Richard Thompson Richard Thompson junior John Stapilton Phillip Saltmarsh John Clarke William Saint Quindn James Moiser Thomas Hesketh William Bethell James Heblethwaite Richard Remington Mathew Alured Esquires Thomas Alured Thomas Langley William Bernard William Blunt William Lewins Tobias Hodgson Edward Gray Ralph Higdon Richard Grahme Robert Hollis Ellis Cooper Robert Prickett William Ramsden Esquires The Maior of Beverley for the time being The Maior of Headon for the time being Sir Joseph Ash Baronet Richard Osbaldiston Esquire Gregory Creyke Esquire Edmond Howson Gentleman Edward Barnard Esquire.

For the Citty of Yorke and County of the same

The Lord Maior for the time being The Aldermen for the time being The Sheriffes for the time being Sir Thomas Slingsby Baronet Sir John Hewley Sir Stephen Thompson Knights John Turner George Prickett Thomas Rokeby Janies Moyser Henry Stapilton Thomas Hesletine Esquires Sir John Brooke Baronet Thomas Hutton William Roundell Richard Sterne Esquires Robert Waller Phillip Prince John Swaile Walter Lacocke Gentlemen Henry Watkinson Doctor of Lawes.

For the Towne and County of Kingston upon Hull.

The Maior and Aldermen for the time being The Recorder for the time being Lemuell Kingdon Esquire The Sheriffe of the said Towne and County for the time being Christopher Hilliard Robert Hollis Esquires The Wardens of Trinity-House for the time being Will: Ramsden Merchant Edmond Popple John Lister John Field Robert Mason Will: Hayes Gentlemen Anthony Iveson Andrew Rakes Robert Bernard Gilead Gough Robert Legard Phillip Seaman Will: Legard William Carleton John Blanchard William Idle Thomas Clayton Joseph Ellis Hugh Fodle Thomas Coates Richard Grey.*

For the County of Essex

Rob: Bertie Bainister Mainard Rich: Barrett Will: Mainard Esquires Sir Harbotle Grimston Master of the Rolls Sir William Scroggs Lord Cheife Justice of England Sir John Barrington Knight and Baronet Sir John Cotton Sir William Appleton Sir Benjamin Ayliffe Sir Francis Massam Sir William Hicks Sir Andrew Jenour Sir Will: Wiseman Sir Thomas Knightingall Sir Richard Everard Baronets Sir Capell Luckin Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Abdy Knight and Baronet Sir William Wiseman Knight and Baronet Sir Martin Lumley Sir Francis Lawley Sir John Abdy Sir Gervas Elwes Sir Benjemin Wright Sir James Rushout Sir Thomas Garrett Sir Edward Smith Sir Phillip Mathews Sir Robert Smith Sir Thomas Rich Baronets Sir Francis Leake Knight and Baronet Sir Rich: Browne Knight and Baronet Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Litleton Sir William Adams Sir Josiah Childe Baronets Sir Henry Clerke Sir Richard Wiseman Sir Anthony Browne Sir Mundeford Brampston Sir Thomas Meeres Sir Richard Everard Sir John Shaw Sir William Hicks junior Sir Thomas Fanshaw Sir William Hoi croft Sir Gobart Barrington Sir Eliah Harvey Sir Edward Turner Sir Edward Farmer Sir Marke Guyon Sir Thomas Midleton Sir John Peake Sir Michaell Hicks Sir James Smith Sir Richard Piggett Sir Robert Rich Sir Robert Cleyton Sir Francis Brampston Knights Trestram Conyers Serjeant at Law Samuell Grimston Richard Somers Thomas Meade Robert Cheeke Thomas Cheeke Peter Soames Henry Mildmay John Wroth Robert Clerke Oliver Raymond Thomas Argoll John Symonds William Glascocke John Fanshaw John Lemott

1 Pearcyhay 0.

• 0. omits.

9 being 0.

4 Timothy 0.

10 X

31° Cab. II. c.l.

A.D. 1679.

Honeywood Thomas Bowes John Morris Aurelius Piercie Wiseman William Dawtice William Mainard of Walthamstow John Tindall Thomas Luther Thomas Turner John Turner William Humphreville John Penington Thomas Robertes Will: Appleton John Beraours Esquires Robert Wood Doctor of Law Richard Kerby William Commins Edward Bullocke John Higham Robert Bateman Francis Mildmay Thomas Smith Robert Mildmay senior Robert Mildmay junior Henry Wight Samuell Hare Alexander Prescott William Pert John Everard Brabazon Aylemer Thomas Weeley William Vernon Henry Glascocke William Palmer Cuthbert Martine Roger James Francis Bradbury Henry Ayliffe Giles Dent Richard Stanes William Gore Mundeford Brampston Anthony Gobbolt John Eldred junior John Eldred senior Anthony Knightbridge Samuell Reynolds George Scott William Nutt John Rotheram John Marshall George Dashwood George Walton James Milbourne William Lingwood Richard Rich Richard Luther William Webb John Cooke of Chesholl Robert Sheffeild Charles Hancocke Edward Rudge Thomas Kiny Thomas Talcott Thomas Bland George Gent Edward Passhall Robert Cole Francis Leeke William Wade Hoynes Burley Zachariah Gee Orlando Gee George Jeames William Harris John Refhey Jeremiah Lacy, Thomas Cullom Henry Southcott Richard Collins Richard Godbolt Charles Wale Richard Hyde Edward Thorowgood John Ausdne Josuah Gallard Thomas [Dawtree1] John Greene Gamaliell Cappell Samuell Vincent John Parsons John Kirke Ralph GrifTeild Francis Thompson William [Motfinfieldl] Mott Councellour at Law John [Pashail3] Esquires Thomas Stringer Nathaniell Rich Waldron of Noleshill Kempt of Spainshall John Barnish John

Tendring of Rivenhall William Scott Edward Stubbings William Cloyton Martine Carter Nicholas Jekill Timothy Felton George Wale John Sarle of Eping Charles Wale [ 4] Walden John Marshall Gentlemen.

For the Burrough of Maulden.

Phillip Rawling Samuell Pond Gentlemen Bayliffes Sir William Wiseman Knight and Baronet Alderman Sir John Brampston Knight of the Bath High Steward Mondeford Brampston Esquire Recorder Anthony Brampston Esquire Abell Fawkes Gentleman Robert Jennings Gentleman William Vernon Esquire John Cockerill Gentleman Aldermen Sir Richard Wiseman Knight Robert Page Thomas Coe Peter Robjent Michaell [Cooker5] Ezekiell Finch John Harreson Gentlemen Christopher Jaggard Thomas Futt William Allen John Pond John Helmes John Sparhawke Capitall Burgesses.

For the Burrough of Colchester

Sir Harbotle Grimston Baronet Master of the Rolls and Steward Sir Walter Clarges Baronet Samuell Regnolds Thomas Talcott William Mott John Shaw John Reyner Ralph Creffeild Henry Lambe William Moore Jonathan Merry William Flanner George Hammon Nathaniell Lawrence Esquires Joi>eph Thurston Thomas Ruse John Rebow Andrew Fromantell Thomas Greene Samuell Mott and Alexander Hindmers Gentlemen Sir John Shaw Knight Sergeant at Law.

For the County of Gloucester

The Honourable William Gregory Serjeant at Law Speaker of the House of Commons Charles Lord Herbert of Ragland Sonne and Heire apparent to the Marquesse of Worcester John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland John Lord Viscount Tracy of the Kingdome of Ireland William Viscount Downes of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath one of His Majesties Justices of the Court of Common Pleas George Mountague Esquire Sir Charles Berkley Sir Henry Capell Knights of the Bath Sir William Coventry Knight Henry Powle Esquire Sir Bainham Throckmorton Knight and Baronet Sir William Hicks Sir Richard Ashfidd Sir Henry Fredericke Thynne Sir Richard How Sir Richard Francklin Sir William Juxon Sir William Kyte Sir Francis Russell Sir John Guise Sir John Newton Sir John Furse Sir Richard Cox Sir Robert Cann Sir Ralph Dutton Sir Thomas Price Sir Edward Bathurst Baronets Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath Sir William Catchmaid Sir Edmond Bray Sir Robert Southwell Sir Michaell Hicks Sir Thomas Stephens Sir Thomas Overbury Sir Gabrieli Lowe Sir Robert Atkins junior Sir John Poynts Sir Scroope How Sir Duncome Colchester Sir Fleetwood Dormer Sir Robert Guning Knights Evan Seys Sergeant at Law John Grabham Howe Henry Norwood Thomas Thynne Richard How William Cooke Thomas Master John Winter Thomas Escourt Reginald Bray Robert Codrington William Trye Miles Sandys Robert Codrington junior John Higford John Dennis John Bridgeman John Chamberlaine William Bourchier Thomas Chester Nathaniell Stephens John Stephens Robert Pleydell William Leidgh William

Stratford Thomas Horton George Pitt John Sackvile John Delabere Thomas Barrow Edward Rich Anthony

Samback Benjamin Barrett Thomas Jennings Thomas Vele William Stratford William Cope William Morgan David Williams Robert Bromage Theophilus Leigh Thomas Marryot William Selwin John Smith Miles Rattur Andrew Barker James Stephens John Buise Robert Loggan John Meredeth Richard Baudgh Thomas Smith Philip Shepheard Richard Norwood Robert Oldsworth William Oldsworth John Robbins Edward Smith William Guyse James George Rowland Wood Joseph Knight Thomas Stephens of [Lipgard6] junior William Woseley Henry Symes John Dowle Christopher Cole John Holmes Paul Foley James Hawkins William Player Poole Paunchfoote William Hale John Langley Nicholas Vele Thomas Cutler James Thinne Henry Brett Esquires Francis Creswicke John Seymour Thomas Rawlins Joseph Creswicke Henry Heylin John Coles John Stafford William Dowdeswell Henry Izard Thomas Browne of Cortslaen Richard Browne John Browne of Norton Robert Lingen John Hunger Samuell Astrey Hugh Browne

Richard Jones of Hanham Richard Hart Paul Dowdswell Thomas Wise John Driver John Driver junior Edward

Nott junior William Banister John Pates William Gouglis Edmond Maddocke John Pryor Edward Matcher Christopher

i Dowtree 0. 3 Mottfinsfeild 0.

* Pascall 0. 4 no blank in Original* 5 Cooper 0. c Lippyard O.

31° Car. II. c. 1.

907

Woodyard Thomas Pyrke George Bond Thomas Nanfan Conway Whitterne John Dobbins Robert Porter The Bayliffes of Tewksbury for the time being Sergeant Rawlins Andrew Wansleyes Henry Dighton Esquire John Marriett Robert Lingon the younger Gentlemen William George Theophilus Leigh Pauli Dodwell William Guyse of Ablodscourt Esquires.

For the Citty and County of the City of Gloucester.

The Honourable William Gregory Serjeant at Law Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons John Wagstaffe Maior of the said Citty and the Maior for the time being Evan Seyes Serjeant at Law William Cooke Esquire Sir Duncombe Colchester Knight Robert Fielding DoSor in Phisicke Henry Norwood William Selwin Capell Hanbury George Brett William Capell Thomas Browne Esquires Henry Fowler William Russell Aldermen John Powell Esquire Anthony Arnold Lawrence Singleton James Stephens Thomas Pierce Gentlemen John Gittins John Rogers Thomas Aram John Webb Robert Halford Aldermen Thomas Lugg Nicholas Webb William Scudamore Toby Langford William Hodges Robert Longden Francis Singleton Daniel! Ley sons Thomas Lloyd Thomas Pury Thomas Snell Gentlemen Benjamin Hyett, Thomas Milles Sheriffes and the Sheriffes for the time being.

For the County of Hereford

The Honourable William Gregory Sergeant at Law Speaker of the House of Commons John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir John Kyrle Sir William Powell Sir John Morgan Sir John Scudamore Sir John Holman Sir Herbert Crofts Sir Thomas Williams Sir Bennet Hoskins Baronets Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Hanbury Sir Job Charleton Sir John Barnaby Sir Herbert Perrett Knights Sir John Payne, The Right Honourable Sir John Emley Knight Chauncellor of the Exchequer and one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Coundll Sir John Hoskins Sir Francis Winington Knights Udall Tomkins High Sheriffe of the said County Thomas Thynne Thomas Cornwall of Stapleton Castle Somerset Fox Francis Charleton Thomas Price Humphrey Cornwall John Birch Herbert Westphaling Thomas Coningsby of Hampton Court Wallop Brabbason Walter Pye Robert Pye John Scudamore of Kenchurch Herbert Awbery Richard Reede Thomas Cox James Pitts Edward Cornwall John Skipp Edward Freeman Richard Hopton Bridstocke Hartford Paul Foley Thomas Geeres Humphrey Baskervile John Arnold Henry Milbourne John Barnaby of Brockhampton John Booth of Letton William Lambe John Nourse Robert Rodd George Skipp Marshall Bridges Younger Cooke Thomas Baskerville of Earsley Francis Pember of Elsden Edwin Skinnester Richard Williams of Cathalva Ambrose Elton Thomas Delahay of Urrisha Francis Pember of Newport Thomas Duppa Richard Barnaby of Brockhampton Robert Cornwall John Darnell Ferdinando Gorges Bridstocke Hartford Dottor of Phisicke James Lloyd of Kingston John Vaughan of Hargest John Williams John Parrey of Dewlasse Thomas Delahay of Alterianis Edward Jones of Langwame James Gregory Will: Daresey senior Esquires James Rawlins Bennet Hoskins of Pennython William Guillim of Langston George Carver of Buttus Samuell Birch of Whitbourne Anthony Rowden Nicholas Walwin Richard Walwyn of Hellens Martin Sandis of Cradley John Booth of Branton Gentlemen Lemuell Kingdon Jeremiah Bubb Richard Guillam Robert Dobbins Esquires William Mathews Gen? William Dancy of Litle Hereford Esquire William Westphaling Gen? Herbert Masters Esquire Thomas Howorth of Whitehouse Gent Thomas Wigmore Gent Thomas Berrington of Bishopstone John James Higgons James John Kirle of Rosse Esquires William Broome Gen? John Goodier of Burrop Esquire Essex Sherboum Edward Broughton of Kington Thomas Carpenter of Tylington Gentlemen Edward Lloyd of Batch Esquire Henry Hyett Francis Geores of Garmons Gentlemen.

For Lemster

The Bayliffe of the Burrough of Lemster for the time being John Dutton Colt James Pitts Esquires John Tomkins Peter Dancer Gen? William Bowdler Esquire John Powell James Hereford Esquire John Whittington of Hampton William Bassell of Ledbury James Winstone of Blackmore John Carver of Upton William Bridges Gentlemen Giles Bridges of Wilton Esquire John Whittington of Lemster Edward Hayes Sampson Edwards of Lemster Gentlemen Richard Marrot Thomas Bridges of Bosbury James Good Gentlemen.

For the Citty of Hereford

The Honourable William Gregory Serjeant at Law Speaker of the House of Commons The Maior for the time being John Lord Viscount Scudamore of the Kingdome of Ireland Bridstocke Hartford Paul Foley Herbert Westphaleing Thomas Price Esquires Bridstocke Hartford Doctor of Phisicke Robert Symonds Thomas Homes Thomas Clerke Thomas Panard DoSor John Hartford Thomas Bond Hugh Rodd Thomas Symonds Edward Rodd Richard Williams Roger Bolcock John Cooke William Maylerd Abraham Seward Richard Wadley Thomas Mathewes John Abrahall James Price Lyson Thomas Nicholas Philpotts senior John Rodd John Williams senior Edmond Weaver Richard Goure/Thomas Clarke junior John Barnes Gen?.

For the County of Hertford

Sir Harbotle Grimston Master of the Rolls Sir Richard Francklin "Knight and Baronet Sir John Mounson Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Leventhorpe Sir John Reede Sir Richard Spencer Sir John Wittewrong Sir Richard Anderson Sir Jonathan Keate Sir John Awsdn Sir William Gostwicke Sir Robert Joselin Sir Richard Atkins Sir William Lemon Sir Benjamin Maddox Sir Edmond Anderson Baronets Sir Phillip Boteler Knight of the Bath Sir

31° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1679.

John Gore Sir Francis Boteler Sir Henry Blount Sir William Glascocke Sir Edward Alson Sir Francis Leigh Sir Charles Cesar Sir Henry Tulse Sir John Watts Sir Humphrey Gore Sir Thomas Byde Sir William Litton Sir John Boteler Sir Charles Cleaver Sir Robert Viner Sir Ralph Ratcliflfe Sir Robert Dacres Sir Robert Peyton Sir Benjamine Titchbourne Sir George Walker Henry Mounson Samuell Grimston Sylas Tytus William Hale Thomas Lewis John Garrard Thomas Doewra Andrew Fountaine Richard Harrison Richard Francklin Ralph Freeman Thomas Priestly Thomas Pope Blount James Wittewrong Mathew Bluck Richard Goulston Henry Guy Thomas Weeden Thomas Cowley James Goulston William Edmonds Nicholas Miller Skinner Byde Thomas Arris Do&ot in Phisicke George Cooper Edward Atkins Arthur Palter Henry Baldwin Francis Shalcrosse Thomas Stanley Thomas Moncke Thomas Chatterton Edward Wingate John Gape senior Thomas Carpenter Daniell Sheldon Thomas Atkins Perkins

Thomas Field George Nodes George Loe Edward Watts Richard Crofts Thomas Halsey James Willimot Edward Chester William Hutchinson John King Edward Briscoe senior Edward Briscoe junior William Greenhill Charles Blount William Cotton Henry Childe John Eccleston Edmond Smith John Briscoe Ralph Gore Robert Robotham John Fotherley Edmond Prideaux Thomas Nicholl of Bushey Thomas Saunders Henry Chauncey Anthony Farringdon John Weatherhead George Hadley George Throckmorton Marmaduke Rawden senior Henry Dunstar William Nuce Reeves of Aston Josuah Lomax John Ellis Thomas Aram Henry Meaux Marmaduke Rawden junior Francis King Rowland Litton George Nedham Thomas Bird Thomas Arris Alexander Weld William Peeke Humphrey Hall William Crowley John Pigott Esquires Maior of Hertford for the time being.

For the Towne of Saint Albans.

William Marston Maior Sir Harbotle Grimston (1) Master of the Rolls Samuell Grimston Thomas Pope Blount John Gape Esquires Doctor Arris Sir John Simpson Recorder Robert Robatham Charles Blount William Cotton Anthony Farrington Esquires Thomas Cowley John New John Doggatt Thomas Hayward William Oxten Thomas Eccleston John New junior Aldermen John Ellis Josuah Lomax Esquires Thomas Arris Robert Pemberton John Gape junior Lewis Montgomery Stephen Adams Thomas Crosfeild Gentlemen.

For the County of Huntingdon.

Ralph Montague George Montague Sydney Wortley Esquires Sir Francis Compton Knight Sir John Cotton Sir John Hewett Sir Thomas Proby Sir John Bernard Baronets Sir Nicholas Pedley Sir Lionel 1 Walden Knights Robert Appreece John Cotton John Stone Silas Tytus John Dryden Charles Cesar Esquires Alderman Backwell Nicholas Pedley Lyonell Walden Richard Naylor John Ferrar John Trice Anthony Hamond John Bigg Richard Elmes Castell Sherrard Esquires Richard Winde Symon Mason junior William Naylor Robert Clarke John Mason William Moseley Robert Caveney Gentlemen William Conyers Thomas Audley Lewis Ethwingthon Esquires.

For the Towne of Huntington.

Sydney Wortley Esquire Sir John Cotton Sir John Bernard Baronets Sir Nicholas Pedley Sir Lyonell Walden Knights The Maior for the time being Nicholas Pedley Lyonell Walden Esquires William Fulwood Doctor in Phisicke Samuell Pont Richard Astre James Facreside William Dowse Aldermen.

For the County of Kent

Phillip Viscount Strangford of the Kingdome of Ireland Lewis Watson Esquire Sir Vere Fane Knight of the Honourable Order of the Bath John Tufton Richard Tufton Sackvile Tufton Esquires Sir Thomas Twisden Sir William Wilde one of the Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Phillip Howard Knight Sir William Twisden Sir Edward Hales Sir Henry Palmer Sir Richard Meredith Sir Edward Deereing Sir Thomas Peyton Sir Oliver Butler Sir Norton Knatchball Sir John Tufton Sir John Raney Sir Robert Hales Baronets William Viscount Downe of Ireland Sir Stephen Leonard Sir Humphrey Miller Sir John Marsham Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir John Bancks Sir William Honeywood Sir Robert Bernham Sir Thomas Pierce Sir Nathaniell Powell Sir John Austin Sir Thomas Selyard Sir Anthony Archer Sir Henry Oxenden Knight and Baronet Sir James Oxenden Sir Francis Clarke Sir Thomas Godfrey Sir Thomas Engham Sir Phillip Warwicke Sir John Darrell Sir Thomas Scott Sir Thomas Culpeper Sir Theophilus Biddulph Baronet Sir William Wiseman Knight and Baronet Sir James Rushout Sir William Boreman Sir Bernard Hyde Sir William Swan Baronet Sir Robert Filmer Baronet Sir John Heath Attoumey of the Dutchy of Lancaster Sir Thomas Hardresse His Majestyes Serjeant at Law Edward Hale of Tunstall Esquire John Strode Esquire Leiutenant of Dover Castle John Boyse of Fredvill Thomas Hales of Beakbome John Cropley Thomas Crispe of Queakes Thomas Hardresse Walter Breames Christopher Vane James Masters of Langden Esquires James Masters of Yokes Thomas Turner William Rooke Henry Oxenden of Brookes Herbert Randolph Nicholas Tooke of Goddington Henry Thornhill of Allanty Thomas Knatchball James Brockman Edward Hales Richard Hulse John Nayler Robert Lewkner Peter Hamond John Moyle of Buckwell Zouch Brockman Phillip Warwicke Thomas Flood Anthony Irby Esquire Edward Gresham Sir George Curtis Thomas Knatchball Richard Wilkinson Thomas Mon Ralph Buskin Walter [Franckin*] Richard Marsh Thomas English Thomas Harlackenden Captaine John Clarke Richard Duke William Maddox The Maior of Rochester for the time being Richard Manley Esquire Sir Richard Head Baronet John Boys Esquire John du Boys Sir Charles Bickerstaffe Knight Francis Barrell Serjeant at Law Sir Thomas Stiles Baronet Sir Arnold Breames Thomas Marley Thomas Brewer Samuell Boise Phillip Packer George Polhell Henry Gilbome Marke Code Esquires John Hyde Sir William Hooker Knight Norton Curtis Edward Curtis

1 Barronett 0.

* Francklin 0.

A.D. 1679.

31° Car. II. c. 1.

909

Robert Heath Francis Heath John Eveling Sir Eliah Harvey Knight Thomas Papillon of Acreridge William Swan Thomas Selyard Christopher Allison Esquires Ralph Petley John Bridger Francis Famaby George Gifford Paul Epps Robert Clerkson Sir John Williams Humphrey Withwicke Sir Anthony Maney Thomas Petley Esquire John Sydney James Thurbone Sir John Henden Knight Sir Robert Honeywood Knight William Hamond of Saint Albane Esquire William Campion Sir Purbecke Temple Edward Grace Gentleman William Dyke Esquires Thomas Andrewes Edward Gulston Reynald Peckham Edward Short Robert Austin Richard Breton Sir Henry Boswell Knight Mr Henry Sandis Sir Percivall Hart Edward Manning Esquire Sir John Shaw Baronet Michaell Chidwicke Piercy Goreing Roger Paine Esquire Sir Robert Faunce Knight Sir Nicholas Strode Archibald Clincard Edward Deereing William Kingsley Edwin Wyatt Cresheld Draper George Duke Esquire Samuell Plumer John Cooke Sir Francis Leigh Thomas Fane Esquire [Sir1] Julius Deeds Charles Wheeler JohnMarsham Esquires Mr Thomas Gombledon John Plummer Esq> Henry Frere Esquire Thomas Gifford Edward King Richard Mathewes John Conney Henry Sherman Phillip Bartholimew Gentlemen Francis Leake Esquire James Codd Thomas Hooper Esquire Edmond Steed of Bidenden William Ash Esquire Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet Peter Godfrey Esquire The Bayliffe of Rumney Marsh for the time being John Bugen The Ependiters of Rumney Marsh for the time being John Bloome Henry Parker George Cooper Esquires The Maior of Maidstone for the time being Christopher May James Cripps James Paine John Murall Gentlemen Sir John Fagg Baronet Roger Twisden Daniell White Esquires Francis Withens Sir Phillip Honeywood John Smith of Chaell Esquire Captaine Gracian Linch Captaine Courtop John Ady Christopher Mason Richard Hopkins Esquire Paul Barrett Esq> William Lambard Richard Bettenson John Thurborne William Hugeson Gideon de Laune Nathaniell Darrell John Percivall Robert Cage Mathew Tomlinson John Butler Edward Nutt Esquires Nicholas Cooke Gen? Thomas Brett of Wye Sir Thomas Culpeper of Ailesford Henry Marsh Jeffery Boise Edward Boise Thomas Toke Samuell Short John Cason Esquire Peter Lancaster John Maskall Thomas Napleton Dr William Jacob James Bate George Elcocke Thomas Fitch Esquires Nicholas Miller Stephen Leonard Esquire William Watton Peter Courthop Gentlemen Robert Gibbon Edward Deereing John Whitfield Robert Smith Esquire Anthony Nowers Wortley Whorwood Charles Bargrave Samuell Curtis John Lemott Honeywood Esquire George Atkins Gen? Sir Thomas Robarts Baronet Edward Diggs Esquire William Boise John Relfe William Peachy Gen? Thomas Dyos Esqs.

For the Citty and County of Canterbury.

The Maior for the time being Sir Edward Master Knight Sir Thomas Hardresse His Majestyes Serjeant at Law . Recorder Edward Hales Esquire William Jacob Doctor in Phisicke Vincent Denne Thomas Turner Paul Barrett William Mann Edward Nutt Esquires Captaine Hilles Beverton Esquire Thomas Elwin Captaine William

Watson John Lott Aldermen Thomas Enfield Israeli Jacob Edward Hyrst John Bridges Gentlemen William Rooke Esq*

For the Towne and Port of Sandwich

The Maior for the time being John Thurbume Water Bayliffe James Thurbume Esquire Phineas Eldwood John Verrier Jeffery Wells Jeffery Sackett Peter Nowell Edward Fellowes Bartholimew Combes John Haward Sir James Oxenden.

For the Towne and Port of Dover.

The Maior for the time being Walter Breames Esqs William Stokes John Matson Doctor John Golder George West William Richards John Bullocke Nicholas Cullen Charles Valey Nathaniell Denee Fredericke de Vincke Simon Yorke Thomas Tyddeman Esquire Thomas Scott John Ford Thomas Rayworth Abraham Stocke Edward Lowell Thomas Underdowne.

For the Towne and Port of Rumney.

The Maior for the time being Peter Lancaster Thomas Brett John Mascall John Hunt Thomas Freebody Thomas Durrant Daniell Gadsby William Ward.

For the Towne and Port of Hith.

The Maior for the time bring Robinson Beane Julius Deeds Esquire William Knight Elias Bassett George Thurbume Henry Read John Brewer.

For the Towne of Fordwich.

The Maior for the time bring Thomas Norton Samuell Short James Baron Esq*.

For the Towne of Feversham

The Maior for the time being Robert Watson Esquire Marke Trouts Thomas Southerest Thomas Napleton Simon Steede Thomas Lowthon Joseph Edwards Master Waterman.

1 0. omits.

ioY

910

31° Car. II. c. 1

A.D. 1679

For the Towne of Folkeston.

The Maior for the time being Edward Francklin Miles Jacob Captaine Jenkuu

For the Towne of Lidd

The Bayliffe of Lidd for the time being John Bateman John Barton William Sudell Henry [Porter1] William Glover Humphrey Lee-

For the Towne of Tenderden

The Maior for the time being Sir Edward Hales Robert Austin Esquire Edward Short Peter Short junior John Plummer Samuell Curtis Charles Bargrave.

For the County of Lancaster.

Sir Robert Carr Knight and Baronet Chauncellor of the County Palatine of Lancaster Charles Earle of Aneram of the Kingdome of Scotland Charles Gerrard Esquire William Spencer senior Esquire Henry Booth Esquire Sir Charles Houghton Sir John Molineux Sir Robert Bindlos Sir Ralph Ashton of Whaley Sir Ralph Ashton of Midleton Sir Richard Standish Baronets Sir Roger Bradshaw senior High SherifFe of the County Palatine of Lancaster Sir Peter Brooke Sir John Ardeme Sir Jeffery Shackerley Sir Thomas Stringer Sir Edward Chisenhall Sir Jervas Elwes Sir John Otway Sir Roger Bradshaw junior Knights Edward Rigby Serjeant at Law Thomas Hesketh Richard Kirkby Richard Harrison Roger Nowell Edward Fleetewood Christopher Bannester Henry Farrington James Hob Thomas Preston Lawrence Raresthron Nicholas Towneley John Parker of Extwisley Daniell Fleming Curwin Rawlinson Miles Dodding William Kirkby Thomas Braddyll Alexander Rigby of Midleton Alexander Rigby of Layton Alexander Rigby of Aspull Thomas Norris Christopher Parker Henry Sclatter Richard Leigh Richard Fleetewood of Rossall Peter Bold Alexander Nowell Thomas Powler Edward Herle John Halsted of Banckhouse Adam Byrom Robert Hesketh James Duckenfield John Entwisle John Risley Jeffery Holcroft Edward Ogle Henry Houghton John Ashton William Hutton Thomas Greenhalgh William Helme of Kirsley Richard Shutleworth Richard Atherton William Spencer [senior*] Edward Wilson senior Edward Wilson junior The Maior of Lancaster for the time being Thomas Cole Christopher Carus Esquires William Fleming William Knipe John Hodgson George Tomlinson Thomas Foster Josua Partington William Waller Francis Medcalfe John Kirkby Gentlemen Edward Warren junior John Warren Alexander Johnson Esquires The Maior of Preston for the time being George Pigot Christopher Greenfield Thomas Pallen Thomas Whittingham Esquires William Langton Gentleman Captaine Ralph Langworth George Sharpies James Lowde Thomas Hodgkinson Thomas Winckley Gentlemen Doctor Cuerden William Wall John Kellett William Lemmon Luke Hodgkinson Gentlemen Thomas Parker George Halstead Richard Ashton of Cuerdall Ralph Livesy Christopher Wilkinson Thomas Lacy Thomas Holden Henry Marsden Esquires The Bayliffes of Clitherowe for the time being Edward Rishton William Apleton Peers Starkey William Crombock John Lister William Yates Abraham Townley Robert Hammond Nicholas Cownliffe Ambrose Barcroft Gentlemen Richard Brooke Hugh Cooper John Crosse Stephen Radley Peter Adlington Esquires Edward Diccenson William Wilson of Timley Gentlemen Edward Dobson John Ashhurst Edward Hyrle, Will: Bancks William Daniell Esquires The Maior of Wigan for the time being The Maior of Leverpoole for the time being Silvester Richmond Oliver Lyme John Chandler Thomas Bricksteth John Bretherton Paul Moreau Robert Roper Nicholas Fezakerley Thomas Turner Alexander Radcliffe John Widdowes Richard Moleneux of Hawkley Thomas Johnson Peter Lurdng James Vernon Gentlemen Alexander Butterworth Leonard Edgerton John Hartley Edward Moseley James Lightboone Esquires William Hulme of Davis Hulme Esquire Oswald Moseley Roger Kenion Ralph Browne William Worthington James Chetham of Jurton James Chetham of Smedley Edward Osbaldeston John Hopwood Thomas Leven Richard Holte Esquires Ralph Eddowes William Lee John Birch of Urdsall Richard Persivall Thomas Williamson Thomas Wright Leonard Nowell Arthur Ashton Edward Robinson Gentlemen John Asheton Esqs.

For the County of Leicester.

Rowland Browne Esquire High Sheriffs of the County of Leicester Thomas Lord Beaumont of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable John Gray Esquire Sir George Villiers Bennet Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Wolstan Dixie Sir Lewis Palmer Sir Henry Hudson Sir John Lowther Sir Edward Smith Sir Henry Beaumont Sir Thomas Hesilrigge [Sir Thomas Barton3] Sir Thomas Meeres Baronets Sir William Hartopp Sir William Ellis Sir William Halford Sir Thomas^ Dolman Knights Thomas Caldicott John Hartopp John Crew Samuell Cotton William Beaumont John Stafford William Whaley Roger Roe Christopher Packe William Skevington Phillip Sherrard William Villiers William Faunt Jeffery Palmer Richard Lister John de la Fountaine Richard Brudnell William Woleston Beaumont Dixie Richard Vemer Thomas Boothby [William Booth by4] Thomas Babington Henry Kendall Saint John Bennet John Hackett William Stavely William Cole Thomas Pochin William Stfeete Walter Budings Stanhope Whaley George Pochin Henry Hastings George Ashby Jeremiah Dove Nathan Wright George Hewitt Cassihnlan Burton William Bale Esquires William Trimnell Theophilus Bernard Richard Bradgate Henry Famham John Bainebrigg John Fowler Gentlemen Mathew Johnson Alexander Hansell John Needham Richard Roberts Esquires Francis Needham Robert Bernard Thomas Hood Francis Chamberlaine William Bainbrigge John Benskin John Barwell Gentlemen.

1 Potter 0. • junior 0. J Burton 0. 4 interlined on the Roll.

31° Car. II. c. 1.

911

For the Burrough of Leicester.

Phillip Abney Maior and the Maior for the time being John Cley Francis Noble William Alsop William Southwell Andrew Freeman William Deane Robert Hartshome George Beckett Edmond Sutton Aldermen John Herrick Edward Palmer senior Edward Browne William Major Lawrence Carter William Billers Robert Somerfield John Daintree Mathew Simons Jonathan Cooke William Warburton senior James Ludlam senior [Thomas Wrightman John Morris1] Doctor John Harrison Nathaniell Tapper William Ward Marmian Gee Edward Billers.

For the County of Lincolne and for the Citty of Lincolne and the County of the said City.

George Lord Viscount Castleton of the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Lord Willoughby Sonne and Heire apparent of the Earle of Lindsey Bennett Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Pierpoint Peregrine Bertie Richard Bertie Charles Bertie Sir Robert Carr Knight and Baronet Chauncellour of the Dutchy and County Palatine of Lancaster Sir Francis Fane Knight of the Bath William Mountague Lord Cheife Baron Sir John Munson Sir Thomas Hussey Sir John Newton Sir John Browneloe Sir Robert Markham Sir William Hickman Sir Richard Rothwell Sir Christopher Wray Sir Humphrey Winch Sir Carr Scroope Baronets Sir William Ellis Serjeant at Law Sir William Ellis Baronet [Sir Richard Cust Baronet1] Sir John Bennet Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Meeres Knight Sir John Moreton Sir Edward Ascough Sir Henry Massingbeard Sir Thomas Skipwith Serjeant at Law Sir Drayner Massingberd Sir William Yorke Sir Charles Dimmocke Sir Christopher Clapham Sir Christopher Nevell Sir Edmond Turner Knights Sir Henry Heron Knight of the Bath Sir William Humble Baronet Sir Anthony Irby Knight Henry Savile Esq> Henry Mounson William Hyde Rutland Sanderson Thomas Hatcher William Marwood William Godfrey Charles Pelham Charles Sanderson William Broxholme Henry Fane William Lister Richard Ryley Thomas Farmer Edward Payne John Sanders Redmaine Burrell William Welby Lister Tighe John Newton Francis Stringer Anthony Palmer Charles Bawdes Pury Cust Esquires The Maior Six senior Aldermen and Recorder of the Citty of Lincolne for the time being The Maior of Grimsby for the time being The Maior of Boston for the time being The Alderman of Grantham for the time being The Maior of Stamford for the time being The Warden of Lowth for the time being Sir John Oldfield Baronet Edward Curtis of Stamford John Palmer senior of Stamford Gentlemen Montague Cholmley William Troloppe William Sarill Stephen Rothwell Peregrine Bucke Richard Pell George Sanderson Stephen Mason George Healy Thomas Cox Thomas Ellis Ludrington of Brassebrigg John Browne of Laughton Robert Sleeford Esquires

John Cocke of Skendle by Thorpe Darcy Stanhope George Farmery Edward Turney Robert Sanderson Marmaduke Dorrell William Fitzwilliams George Newell George Midlemore Charles Woolley Christopher Pym Thomas Hall Francis Grantham Vincent Grantham Christopher Berisford Bevercotes Cornwallis Anthony Ay it John Butler John Eley George Nevill George Whichcott Bishop John Jay Francis Corie of Sutton Cooley

of Dinnington Gambling of Moulton Henry Hall of Dinnington Henry Stone Anthony Williams

Robert Lameing Thomas Harrington Esquires Miles Long Augustine Caudron Cornelius Hall Edward Browne Gentlemen Anthony Irby Esquire Samuell Browne John Bolt William Wilson John Dimpson Adlard Welby David Boneale Henry Burrell Esquire Bevill Wimberley Israeli Jackson Richard Calcroft of Grantham Richard Milner Richard Cracroft John Tooley Gentlemen Richard Holley of Grantham Nathaniell Hobson Bishop of

Heniswell Lake of Norton Charles Harvey of Norton William Howell Doctor of Lawes Edward

Sturton Doctor of Phisicke John Shaw Gentleman William Dickenson John Burton of Spalding John Eeley Edward Melthorpe John Boswell Charles Newcomen George Knight George Lucas Esquire Sigesmond Trafford Charles Radley William Thompson of Roxham John Towne of Sudbrooke George Langton [Christopher Clayton [and3] James Langton*] Gilbert Standish of Durrington Robert Fisher William Popell John Smith William Hooton William Marwood junior Robert Sands Thomas Coventry James Harrington William Hall of Lincolne Nicholas Smith Francis Ascoughe Thomas Ascoughe John Treeston George Fairfax Robert Perkins of Grantham John Rossiter John Greene senior Ashton of Grantham Captaine Topham of Deeping Saint James Robert

Hurst Edward Webb Councellor at Law William Byfield Joseph Edmonds Esquire Thomas Tulston of Cathorpe Gilbert Berry William Leach of Gentlemen.

For the Citty of London

The Right Honourable Sir James Edwards Lord Maior and the Lord Maior for the time being Sir William Wilde Knight and Baronet Sir Richard Chiverton Knight and Alderman Sir Thomas Allen Knight and Baronet Sir John Fredericke Knight Sir John Robinson Knight and Baronet Sir John Lawrence Sir Thomas Bludworth Sir William Turner Sir George Waterman Sir Robert Hanson Sir William Hooker Knights and Aldermen [Sir Robt Viner Kn* & Bari Sir Joseph Sheldon Sir Tho: Davis Sir Francis Chaplin Knu & Aldermen1] Sir George Jeffereys Knight Recorder and the Recorder for the time being Sir Robert Clayton Sir Padence Ward Sir John Moore Sir William Pritchard Sir Henry Tulse Sir James Smith Sir Nathaniell Heme Sir Robert Jefferyes Sir John Shorter Sir Thomas Gould Sir William Rawstome' Knights and Aldermen Sir Richard Howe Sir John Chapman Knights and Sheriffes and the Sheriffes of the same Citty for the rime being Sir John Lethulier Sir John Peake

1 John Morrice Thomas Whightman 0.

• interlined on the Roll.

* O. omits.

912

31° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1679

9

Sir Thomas Stampe Sir William Thompson Sir Theophilus Biddulph Sir Thomas Player Knights Sir Josiah Childe Sir Nicholas Crispe Baronets Sir Thomas Meres Sir Samuell Bemardiston Sir Eliah Harvey Sir John Cope Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Phillip Mathews Sir John Trevor Sir Robert Wiseman Sir Lyonell Jenkins Sir Thomas Exton Sir Francis Pemberton Sir Edward Waldoe Knights William Trumball Doctor of the Lawes Sir Richard Lloyd Knight Doctor of Lawes William Love John Jolliffe Henry Dunstar John Morris John Jones John Bence Thomas Papillon Erasmus Smith James Hayes John NichoIIs John Jefferyes John Bathurst Edward Turgis John Dubois Thomas Pilkinton James Hublon Francis Warner William Williams Humphrey Cliffe Alam Cliffe Charles Thorold Ralph Box Marke Code John Lane John Fitz Nicholas Charleton Edward Backwell John Wise Richard Hawkins Thomas Lewes Thomas Hunt George Keate John Crispe William Wilkinson Thomas Fannin Nathaniell Letton Henry Collier William Wogan Samuell Franckin Walter Lapp Gervase Price Esquires.

For the County of Midlesex

The Right Honourable William Lord Russell Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Bedford and one of the Lords of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill William Lord Cavendish Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Devonshire and one of the Lords of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland, The Honourable Daniell Finch Esquire Sir Harbode Grimston Baronet Master of the Rolls Sir Robert Carr Knight and Baronet Chauncellour of the Dutchy of Lancaster George Mountague Esquire Henry Coventry Esquire Principall Secretary of State Sir Robert Atkins Knight of the Bath one of His Majestyes Jusdces of the Common Pleas Sir John Mainard Knight one of His Majestyes Sergeants at Law Sir Will: Robarts Sir Francis Gerrard Knights and Baronets Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Joseph Ash Baronets Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Thomas Wolstenholme Sir Phillip Mathews Sir John Parsons Sir Paul Whichcott Baronets Sir John Wynn Knight and Baronet Sir William Cooper Baronet Sir John Bennet Knight of the Bath Sir Richard Fisher Baronet Sir Goddard Nelthorp Baronet Sir Richard Fisher Baronet Sir Robert Payton Sir John Talbott Sir Thomas Player Sir William Poultney Sir Thomas Allen Sir Thomas Byde Sir Thomas Escourt senior Sir Thomas Escourt junior Sir Thomas Chambers Sir Robert Hanson Sir Clement Armiger Sir William Bowie Sir Thomas Stringer Sir William Waller Sir Charles Pitfield Sir Charles Harboard Sir Charles Lee Sir Lancelott Lake Sir Thomas Clerges Sir John Trevor Sir John James Sir William Powell Sir John Pye Sir James Rushout Sir Edward Abney Sir Miles Heneage Sir John Masters Sir Nicholas Crispe Sir Nathaniell Herne Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir Richard Blake Sir (*) William Turner Sir John Elwayes Sir Edward Brett Knights George Pitts Charles Cheney Francis Crawley Henry Barker William Barker George Walsh Samuell Bucke John Wilkinson Thomas Hayter James Southern Nicholas Raynton Ralph Hawtry George Dashwood Thomas Row Thomas Robinson Humphrey Wirley Samuell Grimston James Clitherowe Edmond Warcupp John Honor John Walker senior John Walker junior Charles Umfrevile Orlando Gee Thomas Harris Thomas Rider Roger Gillingham Charles Blount Henry Hawley John Walstenholme Anthony [Krike1] William Gulston Thomas Harriot Thoma sJohnson John Swanley Thomas Lewis James Hoare junior Stewart Foster William Walter Scory Barker John Baldwin Ralph Palmer Maximilian Beard Thomas Coppin Christopher Yate Thomas Cheeke Francis Rogers William Northee Richard Bayly Nicholas Stanley Joseph Keeble Henry Johnson John Robarts Thomas Knight Arnold Browne Simon Midleton John Greene Charles Gerrard Bridstocke Harford Paul Bows Charles Porter Ambrose Phillipps John Trenchard William Rawlinson George Hutchinson Jermin Ireton William Wogan Richard Peacocke Nicholas Townley Samuell Vincent Thomas Winford Robert Well William Parkins John Cary Richard Dunton John Hawtry Richard Adams William Goldesbrough Esquire Clerke to the Honourable the House of Commons Henry Reynell Leonard Hamond Chr: Blake Peter Sabbs Rich: Morley Tho: Owen Daniell Waldoe Edward Waldoe Richard Harrison Simon Smith Roger Stoughton George Day John Pulford Erasmus Smith John Jolly John Lloyd of Edgeware Anthony Collins Henry Collins William Northee Ellis Lloyd Thomas Lewis Edmond Draper Henry Devenish Robert Forsett Abraham Nalson Roger Gardiner Henry Slingsby Justinian Pagitt John Hutchinsor. Rowe of Shacklewell Francis Brand Will: Page Will: Prettiman Edw:

Wilford senior Paul Nicholl Peter Vandputt Rich: Spicer Henry Trenchard Ralph Halsall Collonell John Birch John Halsall Rich: Neltrop Joseph Alston John Robinson John Barnes Tho: Clitherowe Christopher Clitherow George Sittwell Ralph Bucknall George Nodes Thomas Austin William Marsh John Owen John Wildman Edward Byde Nicholas Archbold Doctor Nicholas Barboon Gray Alderman Thomas Neale John Byfeild Thomas

Casse Richard Cheney Thomas Englesfield John Searle John Haynes Thomas Winter Thomas Henslow Walter Moyle John Bathurst Josuah Galliard William Avery Josuah Beale Henry Hodges Charles Good Robert Hampton William Hastings service Price Edmond Walter junior James Cardrow Brooke Bridges Thomas Lewis of the Spitle Nicholas Gardiner John Parsons Robert Thornhill Thomas Gardiner John Baker Charles Nott William Robarts Theophilus Birkenhead Esquires John Short Thomas Jackson John Nicholl of Mimns Thomas Nicholl of Hendon John Biscoe Edward Kemsall Thomas Wood John Nicholl of Cowley William Sedgewick John Carter John [Indee3] Thomas Bucknell Richard Holt Merchant Richard Potter John Cane John Memley Haley of the Bury Arthur Blyth William Thomson John Hardestey Edward Wilford junior Thomas Wratton John Kirton John Slater William Bannfield Francis Barham Gregory Page Thomas Grimble Geoige Hooper Henry Dixon Robert Nicholl of Edgeware Henry Johnson junior Thomas Partridge Giles Butler Allen Parsons Randoll Nicholl of Dolestreete William Browne of Hammersmith William Bird Merchant John Byfeild John Hennins Thomas Jackson John Page Charles Morgan and Roger Gardner Richard Gwin John Holman Gen?.

A.D. 1679.

31° Car. II. c. 1.

913

For the Citty of Westminster and the Liberties thereof.

The Right Honourable William Lord Cavendish Sonne and Heire apparent of the Earle of Devonshire and one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Charles Lord Clifford Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Burlington George Mountague Esquire Sir John Nicholas Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Allen Apsley Sir Thomas Litleton Sir Charles Cotrell Sir John Bennet Sir Edward Hungerford Sir Phillip Warwicke Sir Michaell Heneage Sir Robert Howard Sir Robert Carr Sir Phillip Howard Sir Phillip Mathewes Sir Robert Peyton Sir William Waller Sir John Trevor Sir William Poultney Sir Stephen Fox Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Peter Collidon Sir Theodore de Vaux Henry [Powle1] Esquire one of His Majestyes Privy Councill Sir Edward Brett Sir Walter Clarges Sir John Cotton Sir Charles Harbord Sir Francis Holies Sir Thomas [Meeres *] Sir George Downeing Sir John Talbott Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Anthony Irby Sir Cyrill Wich Sir John Cutler Sir Richard Malon Sir Robert Filmer Sir Richard Temple Sir Robert Pye Sir Richard Graham Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir William Orpe Sir Gilbert Gerrard Sir William Boreman Sir Winston Churchill Sir Robert Southwell Clerke of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Phillip Lloyd Sir Christopher Wren Sir William Walter Sir James Hayes Sir Richard Blake Sir Edward Graves The Honourable Lawrence Hyde Esquire one of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury Sir John Harvy Esquire William Bridgeman Doctor Sydenham Edwin Sandys [William* 3] Walter Phillip Packer John Wilkinson William Herbert Bernard Grindvile John Tregonwell Samuell Pepis Christopher Vane Reynald Graham Thomas Thynne Nicholas Cortney Hugh Boscowen Edmond Warcupp Richard Pewman Alexander Strode Mathew Locke Henry Progers John Browne John Stroud Edward Boscowen George Legg Francis Lucy Henry Herbert Roger Higgs Edward Griffin John Currence Doctor Warner Thomas Lucy Esquires George Forewell Hugh May John Birch James Dewy Humphrey Wurley senior Thomas Bayles Doctor Samuell Barrows Thomas Morris Walter Brideall Ellis Lloyde Bevis Lloyde Simon Smith John Man Richard Paget Michaell Bridgehouse Lancelot Thornton Hugh Squire Charles Hinton John Baines Captaine Hugh Bohey Humphrey Worley junior John Russell Thomas Hayewood William Wardour Edward Clerke Robert Harcourt John Walker Thomas Russell Ambrose Scudamore Doctor Barwicke David Lloyd Richard Smitle Nicholas Baxter Thomas Crumpe John Ball Doctor John Clerke Bartholimew Vermuden Henry Slingsby William Blake John Chasse George Cooper William Morgan Henry Shalcrosse William Bookeley Ralph Marshall John Lugg Richard Wheeler Richard Bull John Minchen John Leeson Michaell Arnoll George Plucknet Nicholas Edlyn Morris Hunt Richard Mill Thomas Tyndall Thomas Warner John Greene Nehemiah Arnold Henry Simons Miles Michaell Richard Harding Christopher Sheene William Wheeler Peter Griffith Charles Campaine William Austin John Fister Samuell Bate George Browne Thomas Butler Edmond Doyle John [Loyier4] Robert Blayne Thomas Symmons Robert Newman Arthur Dryer Robert Whitte William Williams John Dunn John Snell Edward Younger Henry Becke and Giles Masters Gentlemen Nathaniell Houghton Esquire William Hawkins Henry Aldrige Robert Pott and James Smitleby Gentlemen George Bennitt Richard Maye Daniell Finch Sir Tho: Daniell Will: Thursby Tho: Gilbert and Arthur Sparkes Esquires Samuell Vincent Josuah Drayner and Francis Gwyne Gentlemen John Tomlinson Francis Stephens John Lawrence John Loveing Morrice Hunt Gen? Symon Smith Merchant Doctor of Phisicke, Richard Bayles of Westminster Charles Knott of Saint Clements Dane Gentlemen Thomas Owen Esquire Richard Stephens Charles Morgan Gen? Richard Baile Albian Chaire Esquires.

For the County of Monmouth

Charles Lord Herbert of Ragland Sonne and Heire apparent to the Marquisse of Worcester Sir Baynliam [Throckmorton5] Baronet Sir Edward Morgan Sir Charles Kemys Baronets Sir Trevor Williams Baronet Sir John Morgan Baronet William Morgan Richard Lewis Edward Morgan Trevor Williams Henry Probert Esquires Thomas Lewis Charles Vann William Kemys James Herbert John Arnold Edward Progers Charles Progers Thomas Morgan John Carey David Lewis Thomas Folio Charles Price Edmond Morgan Esquires Collonell William Morgan Thomas Morgan William Herbert Richard Lister Henry Milbome Edmond Jones Henry Barker Roger Oates William Jones Esquires Nicholas Kemish Edmond Gamage Ralph Bucknell Charles Milbome Thomas Pritchard Rowland Gwyne Roger Williams George Keyms John Williams John Morgan John Price Capell Hanbury Trevor Morgan Thomas Harbert Thomas Jones John Walter Thomas Hughes Phillip Cecill John Rumsey James Morgan Rowland Pritchard William Herbert Rodericke Gwyne Esquires Morgan Chambers William Blethin Edward Kemys John Lewis David Morgan Walter Evans Robert Gunter Lewis Morgan John Walter John Ketchmay George Kemys Charles Morgan William Williams John Rumsey Rowland Williams Gentlemen John Bird John Fleare William Lewis Walter Aldy Robert Jones Nicholas Parker Phillip Morgan Trevor Probert Charles Williams Isaac Tomkins Giles Morgan Theophilus Reynolds James Jones John [Carre] Charles Morgan Henry Morgan William Jones Hugh James of Saint Maughanes Walter Cecill George Harris Richard Jones John Jones John Wroth Henry Morgan Herbert Williams Christopher Price Roger Williams James Harris Hopkin Vaughan William Herbert William Powell John Harris Leonard Merwicke Richard Vaughan Morgan Thomas Isaac Williams Charles Baker John Watkins William Evans Thomas Jones Richard Roberts Herbert Jones Francis Williams Thomas Springett John Gwillim Francis Pritchard William Powell Nathaniell Rogers Gentlemen John Scudamore Esqs Walter Scudamore Thomas Patricke James Williams James Hughes Martin Boothby William George Gen? Edward Perkins Gen? Thomas Williams Gen? The Maior of Monmouth for the time being The Maior of Newport for the time being The Port Reve of Uske for the time being and The Bayliffe of Abergavenny for the time being Captaine Wolsley John Morgan Gen?.

1 Powell 0. * interlined on the Roll. * Edmund 0. * Lockier 0.

* The Name appears to be meant for " Throckmorton •" but the Roll is in part obliterated; it is Throckmorton in the Original Act.

4 Curr O.

to Z

914

31° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1679■

For the County of Northampton.

Bryen Viscount Cullen of the Kingdome of Ireland Lord Hundngtower of the Kingdome of Scotland William Lord Fitzwilliams of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir William Mountague Lord Cheife Baron Ralph Mountague Esquire Sir Francis Compton Knight George Mountague Esquire Sir Thomas Crew Knight Sir Roger Norwich Sir Samuell Danvers Sir John Egerton Sir William Farmer Sir Edward Nicholas Sir John Robinson Sir William Wake Sir Hugh Chumley Sir Charles Shugburrough Sir Lewis Palmer Sir James Langham Sir John Holman Sir John Kckerine Sir Thomas Samwell Baronets Sir Edward Griffin Sir William Haslewood Sir William Langham Sir Edward Alston Sir William Craven Sir Samuell Clerke Sir Edmond Bray Knights Sir Roger Cave Sir Rice Rudd Sir Robert Dryden Baronets Philip Lord Waynman of the Kingdome of Ireland Robert Apreece Daniell Finch Edward Griffin Francis Lane junior Henry Stafford Richard Ransford John Parkhurst William Herbert John Browne Lawrence Maudley Thomas Trist William Saunders Thomas Elmes Tobias Chauncey Thomas Catsby Samuell Trist William Washbourne Devereux: Knightley William Tate John Hampden Edward [Harvey1] William Adams of Welton Richard Saltonstall Edward Palmer John Creswell Henry Edmonds George Clerke Robert Clerke William Bugby Bryan Janson John Woodhall John Willoughby William Lisle William Warner Christopher Coe Christopher Thursby George Leaffeild John Bagshaw Andrew Lant Francis Morgan Miles Fleetewood Thomas Hacke Robert Pemberton Thomas Ward John Lyne Nicholas [Studard*] Francis (3) Saint Jones Jeremiah Dove William Leven Samuell Templer John Bridges John Hanbury John Thornton John Combs Edgar Farmer Francis Crane Francis Arundell John Gardner Try an Thomas Andrewes Robert Hesleridge Gerrard Gore Goddard Pemberton Ekins

of Weston Joseph Hames William Adams of Charleton Edward Ladkins Bathurst of Howthorp

Benson of Tocester Richard Butler The Maior of the Towne of Northampton for the time being John Brafield John Friend William Kimboll Gentlemen Edward Knighton Salathiell Lovell The Maior of Higham for the time being The Bayliffe of Daventree for the time being Valentine Shugburgh Richard Shugburgh of Farthingoe The Maior of Brackley for the time being Henry Lucas Doctor Skinner John Bourne Richard Plowman William Thursby George Quarles Richard Willowby Edward Stratford Edmond Bacon Bernard Walcote Thomas Newton Robert Fruen Gentlemen Thomas Pilkington Merchant.

For the County of Nottingham Patricius Viscount Chaworth of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Anchitcll Grey Arthur Stanhope Will: Byron Robert Pierpoint Esquires Sir John Mollineux Sir Thomas Williamson Sir William Hickman Sir John Newton Baronets Sir Francis Leeke Knight and Baronet Sir Edward Nevile Knight and Baronet John Grubham How John Lindley Charles Stanhope Charles Hutchinson John Thomhagh Will: Sandys Francis Sandys Esquires Sir Scroope How Sir Ralph Knight Knights John Digby Thomas Perkins William Godfrey Harvey Staunton Francis Stringer Thomas Charleton senior Peniston Whalley Esquires Thomas Lewes William Cartwright of Ossington Richard Slater Lancellot Rowleston Henry Plumtree Esquires Richard Mansfield Edward Bigland Gilbert Millington George Gregory William Palmes Darcey Mollineux William Pinckney William Clerkson George Nevill Thomas Shipman John Musters Thomas Russell Phillip Pendocke Reason Mellish Francis Jessop John Millington Esquires The Maior of Newarke for the time being The Bayliffes of Retford for the time being Edward Ward Mathew Jennison Samuell Ellis Gentlemen George Lascelles Arthur Warren Clifton Rodes William Lane Esquires Peter Broughton John Rolston John Yarborrow Doctor in Phisicke William Wymondsold William Savile Esquires Robert Newton John Hacker of Trowell Henry Halfehide John Clerkson Anthony Tate Thomas Porter of Binckham Thomas Dickenson William Fowler Robert Westbrooke Gentlemen Thomas Wawen Thomas Marshall George Pole Hacker of Fincham William Gray John Dand Samuell Sandys Esquires William Cartwright of Normanton Esquire Samuell Staples Tempest Brighouse Henry Walter John Baines Robert Sherbrooke Lawcocke

Thomas Barrett John Newton Thomas Bristow Ralph Edge John Trueman Thomas Porter of Blyth William Wharton Gen? William Stanhope Gervase Pigott Charles Lawcocke Anthony Gilby Mountague Wood Edward Phinney Esquires John White Esquire William Gelstrop of Whatton John Kerchevill Gen?.

For the Towne and County of the Towne of Nottingham.

The Maior and Aldermen for the time being The Honourable Robert Pierpoint Charles Hutchinson Henry Plumtree Edward Bigland George Gregory Samuell Staples Richard Slater James Savewell Esquires.

For the County of Northumberland Henry Earle of Ogle Sonne and Heire apparent to the Duke of Newcastle Edward Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Carlisle Sir John Fenwicke Sir Ralph Delavall Sir Cuthbert Heron Sir William Blacket Sir Thomas Lorraine Baronet Sir George Downeing Knight and Baronet Sir Thomas Horsley Sir Ralph Jennison Sir Richard Stote Knights Cuthbert Heron Utricke Whitfield John Grey Daniell Collingwood John Blackstone Edward Villers William Strother Ralph Hebron William Lilbome Thomas Bewicke Francis Blake Robert Mitford Francis Addison Thomas Collingwood John Ridley James Howard Henry Ogle William Widrington John Forster of Cornwall Robert Jennison William Ogle John Shaftoe William Carnaby Robert Delavall Nicholas Whitehead Edmond Craster William Armorer William Fenwicke Esquires William Delavall George Delavall William Carr John Forster of Etherson Thomas Burrell Patricius Crow Tristram Fenwicke Robert Fenwicke of Bywell Edward Collingwood William Strother of Grindor Rigg Gentlemen

31° Car. II. c. 1.

915

For the Towne and County of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Mathew Jeffreson Maior Sir James Clavering Baronet Sir William Blacket Baronet Sir Francis Anderson Sir Robert Shafto Recorder Sir Ralph Carr Knight Sir Ralph Jennison Knight Sir Richard Stote Knight Henry Maddison Henry Brabant Timothy Davison Robert Roddam George Morton Nathaniell Johnson Aldermen Nicholas Fenwicke Sheriffe John Watson Robert Jennison William Lilburne John Blackiston Henry Jennison Michaell Blacket Anthony Isaacson Esquires William Huntley Robert Fenwicke William Bales Abraham Drake Henry Hargraves Ralph Fell John PhilHpson Robert Wetwang John Squire Edward Freeman Nicholas Ridley Benjamin Davison Edward Greene John Vary Marke Dover Richard Hutchinson Anthony Spenceley Ralph Rogerson William Blackett Francis Anderson Gen?.

The Burrough of Berwicke upon Tweede

John Lucke Maior for the time being Ralph Grey Esquire Thomas Watson James Cutterall Andrew Moore Aldermen Elias Pratt Marke Scott Stephen Jackson Gentlemen Daniell Collingwood Esquire William Strother senior William Strother junior Esquires Sir John Fenwicke Baronet Sir Richard Scott Knight The BaylifFes for the time being Ralph Hebron Esquire Master Richard Windloe Roger Weddell Edward Nealson Selby senior

Selby junior Ferdinand Forster Anthony Compton Robert Watson George Watson Edward Ord Edward Salkeld Gentlemen John Rushworth Esq*

For the County of Norffolke

William Lord Fitzwilliams of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Lord Richardson of the Kingdome of Scotland William Paston Esquire Sir Robert Howard Sir William Coventry Knights Sir Edmond Bacon Sir John Hobart Sir Phillip Woodhouse Sir Edward Barkham Sir John Holland Sir Augustine Palgrave Sir Roger Potts Sir Robert Kempe Sir Jacob Astley Sir Edmond Bacon of Gillingham Sir Edward Ward Sir Henry Deereham Sir William Cooke Sir William Doyley Sir Peter Gleane Sir Francis Bickley Sir Thomas Garrard Sir John Pettus Sir William Adams Sir John Mordaunt Baronets Sir Christopher Calthrope Knight of the Bath Sir Charles Harboard Knight His Majestyes Surveyour Generali Sir Joseph Williamson Sir Nevile Catlin Sir Thomas Allen Knights Sir Thomas Hare Baronet Sir Thomas Meadows Sir John Bludwell Sir Robert Beldocke Sir William Kant Sir James Johnson Knights John Harvey Robert Walpoole Will: Windum Thomas Holland William Cooke Esquires Sir Roger Pratt Knight Thomas Townesdend Phillip Harbord William Harbord John Harbord John Hobart Robert Long William de Grey Robert Suckling John Barney John Pell Francis Guybon William Rant John Jay Francis Bacon Edward Ward James Host Simon Taylour John Turner Augustine Briggs Richard Huntington Esquires James Hobard Thomas Bacon Robert London Oliver Neve Thomas Gaudy Robert Day Edmond Woodhouse Edmond Doyley Suckling Jay Francis Lane Jacob Preston Thomas Peirson Phillip Bedingfeild Thomas Say John Greene of Bradenham Anthony Fisher Robert Houghton Robert Coney Francis Bell Charles Wren Lawrence Oxborough Ralph Earle Thomas Knivett Richard Godfrey Nicholas Rookwood Simon Brittiffe John Anguish Christopher Crow Mumford Spilman [Leonard’] Spilman Leonard Shapes Edmond de Grey Christopher Bedingfeild Nicholas Wilton John Fisher Hatton Bamers Thomas Thursby Francis Thursby Clipsby Gribon George Townsend Gascoigne Weld Leonard Gouch Le Grose of Crostwicke John Warner Anthony Freeston John Hauton Clement Home John

Cocke Thomas Browne Thomas Cory Thomas Talbott John Buxton Thomas Wright William Branthwaite William Cropley Gabrieli Armiger John Thurston John Le Strange Thomas Richmond Esquires Peter Diamond Richard Barrey junior John Norris William Barker Henry Farrer Edmond Osborne Francis Creamer George Ward Henry Heynes Edward Beedle Thomas Bransby Robert Suckling junior Robert Wood Gardiner Hewett John Paynell John Knivett Thomas Wood Richard Marriott John Richmond Esquires Doctor Owen Hughes Richard Browne John Aid Henry Marsham John Mingay Thomas Weld Anthony Buther Thomas Weld William Sydley Israeli Long Robert Doughty John Garnish John Blofeild Henry Negoes John Garnish Isaac Preston Hugh Harvey Edward Le Strange Isaac Mootham Edward Leigh Roger Pepis Samuell Vincent [Esqires *] Ralph Peirson Gen? James Ward Nicholas Stileman Esquires Roger Jenings James Fountaine [Esqires1] Francis [Dulgate3] Arthur King of Tilney Richard Trice Gen? Robert Wardell Gen? Doctor Pepper Page Thomas Buller

Esquires William Williamson Charles [Tunior4] junior Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Great Yarmouth

The Bayliffe for the time being Sir Thomas Meddow Knight Sir James Johnson Knight George England Esquire John Woodrofe Abraham Castle Edmond Thexter John Hall Richard Huntington Peter Cantier Michaell Mew George Ward Samuell Fenn Thomas England Benjamin England Nicholas Cutdn John Robins Samuell Fuller Nathaniell Symonds Aldermen.

For the Citty and County of Norwich.

The Maior for the time being Francis Bacon Esq* Recorder John Norris Esquire Steward William Paston Jehosophat Davy Bernard Church John Mann Thomas Wisse Henry Wood John Lawrence Augustine Briggs Robert Bendish Henry Herne John Manser Henry Watts Thomas Chickring John Rithers Esquires Henry Crow Marke Cockrey John Low Robert Freeman Hugh Bokenham Francis Gardner Leonard Osborne William Helwis Nicholas Helwes Jeremiah Vyn William Parmenter Aldermen Henry Brady Simon Wissiter Gentlemen.

1 Clement 0. Esquires 0.

3 Dusgate Gent. 0. 4 Turner 0.

916

31° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1679.

For the Towne of Kings Lynn.

Benjamin Holies Henry Bell Thomas Robinson Edmond Abbott Daniell Goodwin Simon Taylor Edward Bramley Arthur Evelin John Turner Esquires Giles Bridgeman William Bassett Thomas Fenn Edmond Tassell Aldermen Perdvall Harwicke Robert Thorowgood Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Thetford

The Maior for the time bong Thomas Povey Esquire Recorder Sir John Holland Barronet Sir Thomas Garrard Baronet Sir Phillip Woodhouse Baronet Sir Joseph Williamson Knight William Harbord Esquire Burage Martin John Thurston William Cropley Esquires Robert Tyrrell Wormley Hettersell Thomas Gouch Prindpall Burgesses.

For the County of Oxford

Lord Viscount Falkland of the Kingdome of Scotland Phillip Lord Wenman Viscount Tuan of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Bertie Esquire Sir William Coventry Knight Sir John Burlace Sir Thomas Spencer Sir William Walter Sir Compton Read Sir William Glyn Sir Edmond Fettyplace Sir Francis Wenman Sir Litleton Osbaldeston Sir Anthony Craven Sir Robert Jenkinson Sir Thomas Chamberlaine Sir John Holman Sir Richard Temple Sir John Doyley Sir Thomas Cob Sir John Cope Sir Fairemeadow Peniston Sir Phillip Harcourt Sir William Rich Baronets Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir Edward Norreys Sir Timothy Tyrrell Sir Edmond Bray Sir Thomas Tipping Sir George Crooke Sir Allen Apsley Sir James Hayes Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir Thomas Woodcock Sir Thomas Row Knights Nicholas Whitten Broome Whorwood Robert Dormer Esquires Charles Holloway Serjeant at Law Richard Crooke Serjeant at Law Charles Perrot Doctor of Lawes Richard Wenman Richard Lyb Vincent Barry John Hampden Edward Barry John Stone Henry Alnutt Francis Martin John Clerke William Barker William Lenthall Esquires Sir John Lenthall Kn1 Francis Clerke William Dormer William Barber Henry Heiling George Chamberlaine Reginald Bray Thomas Horde William Bayly John Croke Samuell Sandys junior Thomas Coventry William Gannocke Robert Perrott John Gower Edmund Warcupp and Robert Warren Esquires Richard Powell Nicholas Bowell Nicholas Baynton George Pudsey John Nurse William Whitlocke Tavemor Harris Henry Hall of Hardingers Thomas Coghill Alexander Denton Robert Huntington Thomas Wise Esquires James Hyde Doctor of Phisicke Henry Aldworth Doctor of Law Arthur Jones William Sheppard Charles Holloway Richard Holloway Serjeant at Law Mathew Loveday William Oakley John West William Wright Humphrey Wickham John Gun Samuell Trotman John White Sebastian Smith Edmond Gregory James Paul Esquiers Thomas Teddar John Blagrave Esquires Nathan

Knight Esquire Mathew Skinner Doctor of Physicke William Blake Esqs John Parson James Perrott Esquires

Bartholimew Harris William Stonehouse George Woodward John Wickham Thomas Cleyton Robert Withers Robert Whorwood John Cary Robert Parsons Thomas Rowney Charles Sparke Richard Stephens Gilbert Jackson John Irons Robert [Magott1] Richard Hinton Gentlemen The Maior of Woodstocke for the time being The Maior of Banbury for the time being The Warden of Henley of Thames for the time being The Bayliffes of Chippingnorton for the time being The Bayliffes of Burford for the time being The Bayliffes of Whitney for the time being Adam

Springhalt Gentlemen Nathaniell Brookes of Backbrooke Gentlemen.

For the University of Oxford

Doctor John Nicholas Vice Chauncellor Heneage Finch Esquire His Majestyes Sollidtor Generali Doctor John Wallis Doctor Tho: Yate Doctor Henry Clerke Doctor Thomas James Doctor John Lloyd Doctor Gilbert Ironside Doctor Henry Smith Doctor Timothy Houghton Doctor Thomas Bourchier Doctor John Lamphire Doctor Thomas Elyot Doctor John Edisbury The Proctors for the time being Master Benjamin Cooper Master Richard Witt Master John Haslewood Master John Crosse Master Richard Hopkins.

For the Citty of Oxford

The Maior for the time being Sir Sampson White Sir Edward Norreys Sir Francis Wenman Sir John Cope Knights Richard Crooke Serjeant at Law Recorder of the Citty Broome Whorwood Esquire William Wright William Bayly John Townesend Thomas Fifeild Alderman John Lambe Francis Grenaway William Cornish William Walker Esquires Tobias Browne William Morrall Thomas Eustace Thomas Tisdale Charles Holloway Esquires John Paynton Towne Clerke Robert Whorwood Charles Harris Gen? George Lowe Esquire.

For the County of Rutland

The Right Honourable Bennet Lord Sherrard of the Kingdome of Ireland The Honourable Edward Nodi Esquire Sonne and Heire apparent to the Right Honourable Baptist Viscount Campden Phillip Sherrard Esquire Sir Thomas Mackworth Sir Abell Barker Baronets Sir Thomas Fanshaw Knight William Palmes John Wingfield Christopher Browne Richard Vemey Samuell Browne Edward Faukener Androw Noell Charles Halford Thomas Barker Bennet Sherrard William Hyde Anthony Palmer Esquires.

1 Mayott O.

31° Car. II. c. J.

917

For the County of Salop

Richard [Newort1] Andrew Newport (*) [Sir Henry Fredericke5] Sir Humphry Briggs Sir William Whitmore Sir Roger Harris Sir Francis Lawley Sir Vincent Corbett Sir John Corbett (4) Sir Francis Edwards Sir Edward Aston Sir Thomas Vernon Sir Clament Clerke Baronets Sir Thomas Jones one of His Majestyes Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Thomas Whitmore Sir John Weld Sir Job Charleton Sir John Trevor Sir Richard Mason Sir Samuell Baldwin Sir Lacon Childe Sir Robert Owen Knights Gervase Pierpoint Thomas Thynne William Levison Gower Richard Screven Richard Fowler Francis Charleton of [Apleby5] Charles Manwareing John Walcott Francis Forrester Robert Leighton Richard Lister Thomas Lister Arthur Weaver Edward Kinaston of Adbrightcley Edward Kinaston of Oateley Thomas Bawdwin Phillip Prince Henry Langley Thomas Burton Adam Ottley Somersett Fox Francis Charleton Henry Herbert William Forrester John Woolrich Francis Berkley George Weld Tho: Rocke Roger Kinaston Robert Corbett of Lee John Coates William Oakeley Edmund Warring of Woolbury Tho: Walcott Robert Cressctt Phillip Bentall Daniell Wicherley Robert Owen Roger Pope Thomas Lloyd Richard Creswell John Leighton John Lacon Will: Williams Vincent Edwards Tho: Ottley Litleton Powis Richard Moore John Newton Richard Carew Roger Whitley Thomas Kinnersley of Badger William Cotton Thomas Cotton of Pully Humphrey Brigges William Jones of Sandford Thomas Hill Thomas Ireland William Hanmer Edward Leighton Edward Kerry Edward Whichcott Edward Vernon Henry Davenport Samuell Langley of Brosely Rowland Nicholls Rowland Hunt Henry Mitton George Cline Thomas Corbett of Stanwardine Humphrey Cornwall Thomas Cornwall Edward Agborough Bevis % Lloyd Roger Evans William Herbert of Wooton Robert Clowes Thomas Vernon Richard Cowling John Corbett of Newton John Seaverne Thomas Smalman James Becke Richard Pope Arthur Ward George Lluellin Richard Prince William Adams John Wood Thomas Jobber John Edwards of Rorington Richard Corbett Thomas Langley Edward Luttwich Thomas Edwards William Charleton Henry Powell John Powell Esquires The Maiors of Salop and Owstry The Bayliffes of Ludlow Bridgenorth Bishops-Castle and Wenlocke for the rime being Francis Smith Robert Smith John Taylor of Rodington Ralph Hareing George Hosier John Whitacre Samuell Lloyd Thomas Mason Alexander Midleton Arthur Hincks Edward Gosenell John Langley of the Amyes Edward Owen of Cundover Roger Griffiths Richard Wareing Edward Woolaston Robert Vernon John Wood house Adam Wareing John Fowler of Whitechurch Richard Deves William Walter John Latham William [Howler6] Richard Jenkins John Slaniers Edward Powell John Bright Rowland Midleton William Owen of Whitley Edward Poully William Dansy Walter Bagott Thomas Hawkes William Griffithes William Grosvenor Richard Davies Richard Bradley Richard Ridley William Bridgen Samuell Bowdler John Edwards of the Heath Gen? Edward Lloyd of Llanvardoe Robert Clive Owen Barton Morgan Wynne Edward Jenings John Whitmore Esquires John Huxley Thomas Hinckes Esquires William Crumpton William Jones George Chambers Edward Owen Christopher [Braan Roger7] Trevor Francis Harris John Kenett Daniell Wicherley Richard Lloyd Henry Bigges Edward Donne Richard Cleeveley Kenricke John Hill and Robert Wood

Gendemen.

For the County of Stafford

Sir Thomas Wilbraham Sir Walter Bagott Sir Edward Litleton Sir Henry Litleton Sir John Bowyer Sir Charles [Molsley *] Sir Thomas Bellat Sir Francis Lawley Baronets Sir Bryan Broughton Sir Theophilus Biddulph Knights and Baronets Sir John Wirley Sir Rowland Oakeover Sir Thomas Whitgrave Sir Henry Archbold Sir Henry Gough Knights William Ward Randolph Egerton Henry Grey Walter Chetwind William Levison Gower Thomas Thynne Edward Litleton Michaell Biddulph John Offley William Snead Edward Manwaring George Legg Broome Worwood Robert Levison George Vernon Thomas Lane William Chetwind John Every Phillip Foley Charles Cotton Richard Congreave Jonas Grosvenor Edward Vernon Thomas Kinnersley senior William Crompton John Swinfen Ralph Sneyd Edwin Skrimshire Henry Vernon Charles Skrimshire John Coates Thomas Kinnersley junior Daniell Watson John Agard Francis Wightwicke Walter Aston Jonathan Woodnott Thomas Rudiard Thomas Orme William Parker Edward Arablaster Edward Birch William Whitby Michaell Noble Nicholas Hart John [Whitehall9] Ferrers Fulke William Turton Peter Walburton John Bagnall Thomas Whitby William Trafford Zachariah Babington Mathew [Kelbelt10] Mathew Flyer John Turton John Leigh Esquires Thomas Palmer Thomas Scott Thomas Rugley Thomas Villers Leister Barbour Sampson Birch Timothy Edge John Felton Gentlemen The Maiors of Stafford and Newcastle under Lyne for the time being The Bayliffes of Tamworth for the rime being Nicholas Parker Charles Baynton William Midleton Ralph Wood Gentlemen.

For the City of Litchfield.

The two Bayliffes and Sheriffes for the time being Sir Theophilus Biddulph Knight and Baronet Sir Henry Archbold Knight Sir Henry Litleton Baronet Michaell Biddulph Esquire John Babington Esquire Mathew Dyott Sampson Pott John Rathbone John Rawlins Ralph [Minotts"] William Jesson Francis Bayley senior Charles Harrison Edward Wilson Gentlemen.

For the County of Somersett.

The Lord Viscount Fitzharding of the Kingdome of Ireland The Lord Hawley of the Kingdome of Ireland The Right Honourable Edward Seymour Esquire one of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Coundll Francis Pawlett Esquire Sir William Portman and Sir Hugh Smith Knights of the Bath and Baronets [Sir William Windham Sir Halsewell lint Sir Thomas Windham Baronets7] Sir John Coventry Knight of the Bath Sir Thomas Bridges Knight Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath Sir William Bassett Sir Edward Phillips Knights Sir Francis Rolle Sir

1 Newport 0. • Esquires 0. 3 Sir Henry Littleton Sir Henry Frederick Thinne 0,

4 Sir Richard Corbett 0. * Apley 0. • Fowler 0. 7 interlined on the Roll.

• Wolsley 0. * Whitehall 0. 10 Kelbett 0. 11 Minors 0.

918

31° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1679.

Edmond Windham Sir John Mallett Sir Stephen Fox Sir John Churchill Sir Humphrey Sydenham Sir James Hayes Knights Ralph Stawell Thomas Thynne Edward Phelipps George Speake Peregrine Palmer George Horner Edward Gorges John Carew of Crocombe Edmond Windham Edward Berkley John Smith Hugh Tent William Wogaa Thomas Windham of Witham William Hillier Thomas War re Robert Hunt Henry Bull of Shapwicke John Figott William Lacy the elder John Harrington Henry Waldron George Doddington of Doddington Henry Bull of Midsummer Norton Warwicke Bampfield William Strode Edward Strode William Lacy the younger Edward Clarke Robert Hawley Henry Henley Thomas Strode senior Thomas Strode junior Edward Courte Richard Jones Edmond Carrant John Hunt Peter Royner William Speake John Saint Albans Henry Light William Harbord John Prowse Thomas Ledgingham John Bayly Chauncellour of Wells William Coward George Stedman Thomas Jennings George Longe Thomas Mompesson Hugh Tynte Richard Morgan William Harbyn William Clarke Humphrey Sydenham of Dulverton Richard Musgrave Copleston Horton Richard Newman Richard Crosse William Orange John Hody Henry Bridges Joseph Langton Richard Landsdowne Charles Steyning George Doddington of Horsington Anthony Stocker junior Thomas Sanders Edward Hobbs John Wyne George Clarke Esquires Sir George Norton Knight Francis Luttrell John Hall John Every Baldwin Mallett John Speake Thomas Palmer Francis Vaughan Benham Strangewayes John Trenchard George Musgrave Thomas Syderfin Roger Sydenham Mathew Pitt Thomas [Blaynard of [Bagden2] Edward Coward Gilbert Bourne William Catford Robert Cannon John Burland Edward Thunstone Robert Chute James Webb Henry Bonner Thomas Jennings William Turner William Proctor Merchants George Baconobb Lanibord Fitzhead Netlescome William Brewer Gentlemen.

For the Citty of Wells.

The Maior for the time being William Coward Esquire Recorder Nicholas Weblett John Davies John Davidge John Day William Salmon.

For the Citty of Bath

The Maior for the time being Edward Nevill Esquire Recorder Robert Chapman Benjamin Baber John Bush John Masters Walter Gibbs Henry Chapman William Bush Walter Hicks Robert Haward Robert Peirce Doctor of Phiricke.

For the Towne of Bridgewater

The Maior for the time bring Sir John Mallet Recorder Francis Harvey Humphrey Stere Edward Sealey William Macy John Lyneing Robert Balch George Crane Thomas Bare Esquires.

For the County and City of Bristoll.

Sir John Lloyd Knight Maior and the Maior of the said City for the time being Sir Robert Atkins one of His Majestyes Justices of the Common Pleas Recorder Sir Robert Canne Knight and Baronet Sir John Knight Sir Robert Yeomans Baronet John Lamford John Hickes Christopher Griffith Richard Streamer Ralph Olliffe William Crabb Richard Crumpe Esquires The Sheriffes for the time being William Colston Joseph Creswicke Henry Gough William Willett Humphrey Litle Richard Hart Thomas Day Thomas Earle Edward Young John Cooke John Cecill Samuell Wharton Edward Frilding George Lane Henry Glisson Henry Merriott William Downeing John Moore William Jackson William Clutterbucke.

For the County of Southampton.

Edward Noell Lieutenant of the County William Lord Russell Sonne and Hrire apparent to the Earle of Bedford James Lord Annesley Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Anglesey Sir John Norton Sir Hugh Stewkley Sir Richard Edgecombe Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Dillington Sir William Meux Sir Thomas Badd Knight and Baronet Sir Nicholas Stuart Sir John Saintbarbe Sir John Oglander Baronets Sir Robert Holmes Sir Thomas Higgens Sir Francis Rolle Sir Robert Henley Sir Richard Knight Sir James Worsley Sir Edward Worsley Sir John Cloberry Sir Charles Windham Sir John Biggs Knights Francis Pawlett Richard Norton Thomas Gervois Henry Wallop George Pitt Francis Tilney George Legg Lawrence Hyde Henry Whitehead Thomas Knollis John Lewkner James May Leonard Bilson John Hooke Thomas Cole Benjamin Newland Roger Gallop Henry Bromfield White Titchbourne Oliver Saint John Henry Tulse Richard Ayliffes William Withers John Faulkner Roger Clavell William Stevens John Leigh John Paulin Gabrieli Whistler John Deane John Smith Edward Dillington John Button Richard Love of Gretham Francis Dickins John Dingley Robert Gosse Peter Bettesworth William Smith Richard Cobb Robert Richbell Daniell Kingsmill Richard Holt John Kingsmill Edward Hooper Henry Dawley Francis Morrison Esquires Charles Foster Francis Morley William Gulson James Rudyard Henry Bromfeilde Ralph Hastings William Pitt William Drake Thomas Urry of Gatcombe Benjamin Newland George Duke George Browne Henry Perrin Thomas Dowse of Brooke John Mathews Richard Richards Richard Bishop Robert Rolle Thomas Edmonds Edward PDe Thomas Knight William Guidott William Goddard John Venables John Reeves Robert Leigh Thomas Urry of Freshwater William Bunckley of Saint Ellins Bartholimew Bulkley senior John Burrard Peter Blake Joseph Hinchman Esquires The Maior of Portsmouth for the time bring Thomas Wills Phillip James Nicholas Hedger Saint John Steventon Nicholas Peirson Gen? The Maior of Newport The Maior of Yarmouth The Maior of Baseingstoake and the Bayliffe of Andover for the time being.

31° Car. II. c. 1

919

For the City of Winchester.

The Maior for the time being Sir John Cloberry Knight John Warner William Taylor Thomas Muspratt Edward Fifeild William Craddock Thomas Wavell Godson Penton William Horwood Aldermen of the same Richard Harris Recorder Ellis Mew Esquires.

For the Towne and County of Southampton

The Maior for the time being Roger Gallop Recorder Robert Richbell Benjamin Newland William Stanley James Crosse Edward Dormer Jacob Ward Thomas Cornelius Richard White Thomas Clutterbooke John Speede Edward Richards Alexander Hill.

For the County of Suffolke

Lyonell Lord Hundngtowre of the Kingdome of Scotland Walter Devereux Esquire Sir Edmond Bacon Sir Henry Felton Sir John Holland Sir Robert Kempe Sir Henry Bacon Sir John Barker Sir William Spring Sir Willoughby Deux Sir John Castleton Sir Henry North Sir Thomas Cullum Sir William Doyley Sir Gervase Elwes Sir Robert Cordell Sir Robert Brooke Sir John Duke Sir Phillip Parker Sir Samuell Bemardiston Sir Thomas Bemardiston Sir John Rouse Sir Robert Reeves Baronets Sir Charles Gawdy and Sir Thomas Allen Knights and Baronets Sir Nicholas Bacon Knight of the Bath Sir John Duncombe Sir John Pettus Sir John Pooley Sir Thomas Harvy Sir George Wemue Sir Nevill Catlin Sir John Hanmer Sir Thomas Smith Sir Jeoffery Burwell Sir Francis Theobalds Sir Phillip Meadowes Sir Thomas Meadowes Sir Charles Crofts Read Sir Phillip Skippon Sir William Soame Sir John Coell Master of Chauncery Sir Richard Gibbs Sir John Peake and Sir Joseph Brand Knights John Harvey Treasurer to her Majesde William Crofts Edward Progers John Platers Thomas Holland William Duncombe Adam Felton Thomas Jermin John Cordell Dudley Cullum Gervase Elwes Thomas Walgrave John Robinson Thomas Bedingfeild Thomas Glenham Henry Pooley Thomas Coell Thomas Allen John Wright of Ipswich John Bence of Rinsfeild Edmond Tyrrell Henry Parker John Thirston Giles Bemardiston Benjamin Cutler of the Chauntry William Pooley Maurice Shelton William Soame Richard Norton Francis Warner Edmond Warner Henry Warner Reginald Williams Edward Hubbard Thomas Robinson of Kentwell Lumley Robinson Robert Russell Gerrard Russell William Glascocke Lyonell Plaiters Francis Barker Thomas Dade Robert Gurdon John Sotherby Thomas Shelley John Clerke Samuell Clerke William Gipps John Cornwallis John Hodges Henry Johnson Edward Man Hamond Lestrainge John Scrivenor Robert King William Adon Edward North William Rivett Richard Cooke Thomas Salter Thomas Bright Clement Higham Thomas Edgar William Gooch William Gibbes Samuell Gibbs Thomas Blackerby Robert Maltiward [Tho: Golding Jeffery Malteward'] Thomas Wright Henry Edgar Bamaby Bowtell Lawrence Rowse Mathew Leman John Leman Joseph Hull William Glover Thomas Bacon John Breame of Ash John Beddingfeild Henry Stebbing William Guavas Francis Harvey and Thomas Tont Esquires Edmond Bedingfeild John Spencer Phillip Gourden Thomas Vesy Allen Cotton Edmond Plomb Robert Plomb Stephen Morley Benjamin Tany John Hall Charles Cocke Edward Bence Thomas Roper William Brand of Polstead Richard Vesey Edmond Sheppard Edmond Gardiner Robert Browneing Paul Buckenham Richard Cutts Esquires William Cullum William Cooke Robert Meene Thomas Hayes Adam Budle Nicholas Bragg Joseph Beaumont John Lambe John Beaumont Thomas Darcy John Hill Phillip Haward John Jermey John Gurdon Robert Sparrow Thomas Smith John Buxton Thomas Colvell alias Covell and Thomas Rivett Robert Maidstone Framlingham Gaudy Edward Bohun Bassingbome Gaudy Robert Duke Ptollimy Talmach Charles Gaudy Thomas Mighills James Wild Samuell Pacy Gentlemen Wentworth Garnish Esquire John Porter junior Gentleman Anthony Friston Gerrard Russell Esquires Wickstead Weld John Gurling Henry Johnson junior William Coe Gentleman Samuell Baker Thomas Barker Esquires John Acton James Colthrope William de Gray Edmond Jenny Robert Naunton Roger Kerrington Jacob Garrard Edward Alpe Tyrrell Pretdman Robert Myn Thomas Leman John Blomfeild Ambrose Kerrington Esquires Joseph Crane Gen?.

For the Towne of Sudbury

The Maior of Sudbury for the time being Sir Gervas Elwes Sir Robert Cordell Baronets Gervas Elwes Esquire John Catisby John Cooke Joseph Wood Daniell Cooke John Gibbon Richard Hubbert Gentlemen Doctor Butcher William Harell John Fothergell Benjamin Carter Samuell Pannell senior Coxe Richard Waite junior.

For the Towne of Dunwich

The Bayliffes of Dunwich for the time being Sir Phillip Skippon Knight Thomas Allen John Boneface Thomas Tookley Thomas Grey Thomas Goddard Henry Bedingfeild Samuell Driver Jonas Munnings Esquires.

For the Towne of Ipswich

The Bayliffes of Ipswich for the time being John Wright Gilbert Linfeild Esquires Thomas Edgar Recorder Charles Wright Henry Gosnord John Pimberton Lawrence Stistead Richard Phillips Robert Clerke Gent.

For the Towne of St Edmonds-bury

The Alderman for the time being Sir John Duncombe Sir Thomas Harvey Knights William Duncombe Thomas Holland Thomas Shelley Esquires John Sotheby Recorder Thomas Coell [James*] Clarke Esquires James Cobb Francis Browne Robert Sharpe Mathew Warren Thomas Hustler Nicholas Batley Martin Spenceley Gentlemen Sir Thomas Culham Baronet John Rotherham Esq^.

920

31° Car. II. c. 1.

AD.\6*19.

For the Towne of Aldburrough

The Bayliffes for the time being Sir Richard Haddocke Knight Henry Johnson Esquire John Bedingfeild Recorder John Browne John Woodruffe Thomas Wall John Bence John Burrowes Alexander Osborne Gentlemen.

For the Towne of Orford

The Maior for the time being Lyonell Lord Hundngtower of the Kingdome of Scotland Sir John Duke Baronet Sir Charles Gaudy Knight and Baronet Henry Parker Henry Parker junior Esquires Thomas Hastings Joseph Hastings Edward Edwin Thomas Johnson Copin Gentlemen.

For the County of Surrey.

Anthony Bryan Esquire High Sheriffe for the County Charles Earle of Ancram of the Kingdome of Scotland Francis Earle of Longford of the Kingdome of Ireland, Lord Hundngtower of the Kingdome of Scodand James Lord Annesley Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Anglesey Sir Edward Thurland one of the Barons of the Exchequer Bernard Greenvile Francis Coventry Esquires Sir Henry Capell Knight of the Bath Sir Walter St John Baronet Sir Thomas Whitmore Sir Fr: Vincent Sir Adam Browne Sir Will: Moore Sir Marmaduke Gresham Sir Nicholas Staughton Sir Edward Bromfeild Sir Phillip Mathews Baronets Sir William Terringham Knight of the Bath Sir John Nicholas Knight of the Bath Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath Sir Edmond Bowyer Sir William Haward Sir Thomas Foster Sir Richard Mason Sir (*) Thomas Bludworth Sir Nicholas Carew Sir William Haskins Sir Stephen Leonard Sir Allen Brodericke Sir Thomas Clarges Sir Edward Evelin Sir Mathew Andrewes Sir Henry Tulse Sir Edward Bish Sir Robert Knightley Sir John Shorter Sir James Buder Sir Robert Clayton Sir Richard How Sir Robert Hatton Sir James Rushout Sir Edward Winter Knights William Mountague Esquire Francis Howard Ambrose Browne junior of Bechworth Casde Arthur Onslow George Evelin of Wootton George Chute senior Christopher Buckley Will: Elyot Edward Prodgier Thomas Dalmahoy Edward Harvey Roger James George Evelin of Nutfeild James Zouch Ralph Freeman Thomas Turgis John Lewkner Richard Onslow Deane Goodwin Anthony Thomas Edward Gresham Segismond Stidolfe John Weston of Ockham Edward Thurland George Woodroffe George Vernon Anthony Bowyer Denzell Onslow James Gresham Peter Rich Ambrose Muschampe Phillip Hildeyard George Smith John Thynne William Haward Robert Cooke Edward Woodward Daniell Sheldon William Vanburgh Stephen Harvey Samuell Rous Marke Hildesley Thomas Lee George Chute junior James Clerke Peter Hussey Richard Heath Henry Byne of Casholton Samuell Howland Walter Howland Francis Brend Thomas Jenner John Covert Inwood Thomas Arden Thomas Newton John Jorden John Parker Henry Byne

John Heather Phillip Rawleigh John Burgoyne John Morris John Mountenay Ralph Halsey John Glynne John Sands Esquires John Glyde Ellis Crispe Tho: Bridges Tho: Moore of Egham Tho: Barker Rich: Garth John Thynne junior Edmond Sherman William Hatton Francis Buller James Reading Francis Gerrard William Hawkins Robert Gavell Richard Dalton Robert Moore of Egham John Lugg Captaine William Perry Esquires The Maior of Gildford for the time being Francis Darrington John Wight Thomas Foster Richard Coldehan of Downe Farme Esquires John Freeman Richard Hutton Peter Daniell Joseph Cooleing Thomas Syderfin Esquires John Childe Richard Sims John Spencer William Hill of Guldeford Gentlemen John Grant William Casteele Esquires Thomas Locke Richard Haleman Nicholas Fenn Thomas Benson Gentlemen Henry Thompson Esquire John Bind of Camberwell George Smith Robert Wilson Gentlemen William Salmon John Snell Symon Smith Edward Ball Gentlemen The Bayliffes of Famham for the time being Walter [Halchorof Croydon Cutler of Yewell

George Wrath Rich White of Famham John Gainsford senior John Gainsford junior John Halfall Thomas Evans Thomas Caustin John Turner John Terrey John Cooper Rich: Jewell of Nutfeild Ralph Drake William Hester Joseph Reeve John Page Gervase Locke Jonadab Balaam William Womeham John Mason William Pigott Gentlemen Anthony Smith Dottor of Phisicke of Kingston William Hatton White Titchbome Esquire George Coleham of Waverley Gentleman Mr George Osborne.

For the County of Sussex

John Tufiton Richard Tufton Thomas Tufton William Ashbumham Esquires Sir John Pelham Sir Cedll Bishop Sir Adam Browne Sir Henry Ge[eJ]reing Sir William Thomas Sir John Stapdley Sir John Fagg Sir Denny Ashbumham Sir Anthony Sherley Sir William Wilson Sir Robert Parker Sir Thomas Duke Sir Richard Ashfeild Baronets Sir William Mooreley Knight of the Bath Sir Nicholas Stroude Sir Thomas Woodcocke Sir George Courthop Sir Nicholas Pelham Sir James Norton Sir Christopher Conyers Knights Thomas Pelham Thomas Sackvile John Lewkner Walter Bartlet Robert Edmonds William Board Henry Goreing John Ashbumham Nisell Rivers Percy Goreing Robert Fagg William Mooreley Richard Bridger Edward Nicholbourne Richard Onslow Thomas Midleton Anthony Eversfeild John Alford Simon Smith Robert Palmer William Westbrooke Ralph Mills Thomas May Richard May Robert Anderson James Butler Thomas Smith John Steward Thomas Gray Henry Shelley Harburt Stapeley Richard Sherley John Millington Walter Dobell Peter Courthop Thomas Beard Edward Selwin Henry Bishop John Spena Sackvile Graves William Duke Edward Payne John Baker senior Edward Polhill Richard Payne Roger Shoyswell Robert Fowle Thomas Fruen John Busbridge Thomas Peirce Thomas Collins Nicholas Towneley William Peckham Joseph King Christopher May Phillip Packer Timothy Burrell Esquires Nicholas Eversfeild Edward Chowne John Gratwicke William Sorasse John Backshall senior John Backshall junior John

A.D. 1679.

31° Car. II. c. 1.

921

Mitchell Robert Mitchell Bray Chowne John Machell William Palmer Thomas Ganraway Thomas Gratwicke John Cumber Richard Nash Francis Mose Walter Cole Thomas Bctsworth Thomas Palmer Esquires Richard Cooper Thomas Young George Gunter Thomas Bickley Richard Peckham John Peckham of Crockerhill Thomas Peckham William Lane John Oliver John Baker junior Edward Sheppard John Fuller Peter Farden Peter Gott Thomas Briggs Robert Johnson William Young John Cobden Edward Dine Thomas Mouns Thomas Bromfeild senior Thomas Bromfeild junior John Cheale senior John Cheale junior Lawrence Alcocke John Cooke Peter Farnden Thomas Burrell Gentlemen The Maior of Chichester The Maior of Arundell The Maior of Hastings The Maior of Rye The Maior of Winchelsea for their times being The Bayliffe of Seaford The Bayliffe of Pevensey The Bayliffe of Midhurst for their times being Oliver Weekes Peregrine Palmer Francis Dorrington Jeffery Amhurst Esquires William Peatchy of Petsworth John Petsworth John Polhill of Frenches Henry Apesly [John Langford George Alfred'] William Elson senior William Elson junior Gen? William Burrey Thomas Gunter Captaine Penford John Braman John Farrington Rich: Farrington Orlando Gee Rob: Austin Bamham Dobell Humphrey Fowle Alexander Farmer William Kempe Thomas Henshaw Robert Heath Apsley Newton Esquires John Stone senior John Stone junior George Mills John Higgambottom Nicholas Best William [Baker1] Henry Byne John Smith of Waldron John Gee Thomas Paller George Goreing Edward Staker Peter Guard William Pechey Conyers Richardson Richard [Helmes3] Gentlemen.

For the County of Warwicke

Charles Lord Clifford Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Burlington William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland Lord Digby of the Kingdome of Ireland Sir Francis Compton Knight Anchitell

Grey Thomas Coventry Charles Leigh Esquires Sir Robert Holt Sir Richard Temple Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton Sir John Tufton [Sir Edward Boughton Sir John Mordant4] Sir John Burgoine Sir Clement Fisher Sir Francis Lawley Sir John Bridgeman Sir John Knightley Sir Thomas Price Sir Theophilus Biddulph Sir John Hubbond Sir Thomas Norton Sir Thomas Dolman Sir Charles Wheeler Sir Orlando Bridgeman Sir Richard Nudigate Baronets Sir William Bromley Knight of the Bath Sir Adderley Sir Charles Lee Sir Arthur Caley Sir William

Underhill Sir Richard Hopkins Sir John Clopton Sir Samuell Marrow Sir Andrew Hackett Sir Will: Jesson Sir Josiah Childe Sir William Bishop Knights Thomas Thynne Robert Burdett Thomas Lucy John Ferrers Thomas Arthur Sebret Kepington Richard Hopkins John Rowse Thomas Fisher Francis Fisher Richard Boughton of Bilton Richard Vemey senior of Kingston John Coomes Walter Chetwin Ardin Bagot Henry Ferrers Thomas Rawlins Charles Newsham Hastings Ingram Thomas Wagstaffe John Chamberlin John Newsham Thomas Corbin Fredericke Blewston Adolphus Oughton senior George Devereux Henry Greene Basill Fielding Thomas Fetherston Richard Shugburgh Henry Parker William Coleman Arden Adderley Humphry Jenings George Sacheverill Edward Bentley James Prescott William Loggins Richard Eedes Nathaniell Stoughton [Richard5] Hinton Henry Mathews Esquires Thomas Marriott John Stratford Esquires William Perkins John Snell Thomas Keite John Ludford Esquires Thomas Millard Edward Harvey William John Rugley William Bolton The Maior of Warwicke for the time

being The Maior of Stratford for the time being The Bayliffes of Tamworth for the time being.

For the City and County of the City of Coventry.

The Maior for the time being Sir Clement Fisher Sir Thomas Norton Baronets Sir Richard Hopkins Serjeant at Law Sir Arthur Caley Sir Robert Townsend Sir William Jesson Knights Richard Hopkins John Dugdale Robert Beake Humphry Lowe Henry Greene Edward Taylor John Bowater Esquires William Jelliffe Joseph Chambers James Nailor Ralph Phillips Nathaniell Harryman John Woodbridge Aldermen Thomas Wagstaffe Henry Smith Gentlemen.

For the County of Worcester

Master Secretary Coventry Tho: Lord Folliott of the Kingdome of Ireland Other Windsor Esquire John Coventry Esquire Sir John Packington Sir Henry Litleton Sir Francis Russell Sir Edward Seabright Sir William Kyte Sir Thomas Cookes Baronets Sir James Rushout Knight and Baronet Sir Rowland Berkley Sir John Winford Sir John Talbott Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Bamaby Sir Francis Winnington Knights Collonell Samuell Sandys John Packington Samuell Sandys junior Thomas Savage senior Thomas Savage junior Henry Herbert James Pitt Henry Jefferies William Bromley Robert Berkley Edward Carew Joseph Walsh Thomas Childe Henry Townsend senior Richard Couling William Swift Thomas Streete Serjeant at Law Edward Dingley Leonard Simpson Litleton Clent Thomas Vernon of Astwood Richard Lygon Edward Parteridge William Sheldon Walter Savage Thomas Jolliffe Thomas Simons Giles Parsons Anthony Sambage Henry Bromley of Upton Henry Townsend junior Phillip [Poley6] Henry Winford Higens James Capell Hanbury Thomas Harris Robert Foley Goddard Carter Edmond Lechmore Henry Evett William Washborne Henry Spiller Thomas Watson William Lygon Broome Whorwood Thomas Bushell Nicholas Bamaby Francis Sheldon Thomas Haslewood Thomas Stevens John Bearcroft Bridges Nanfan Thomas Vernon Henry Parker Gerrard Dannett Martin Sandis Richard Nash Thomas Turvey William Dowdeswell Richard Dowdeswell Thomas Barker Marke Dingley Thomas Foley Esquires Humphrey Perrott junior John Newport John Clutton William Garrett Kemp Harwood Thomas Martin senior Edward Feild senior Gentlemen The Bayliffes of Droitwich for the time being The Maior of Evesham for the time being The Bailiffe of Bewdley for the time being.

1 interlined on the Roll. * Blaker 0. 3 Holmes 0. * Sr John Mordant Sr Edward Boughton 0.

* Edward 0. ® Foley O.

II B

922

31° Car. II. c.l.

A.D. 1679-

For the City and County of the City of Worcester,

The Maior Aldermen and Sheriffes for the time being Sir John Packington Baronet Coilonell Samuell Sandys Sir Francis Winington Knight Sir Rowland Berkley Knight Thomas Streete Serjeant at Law Thomas Vernon Esquire Richard Beddow Henry Taylor John Bearcroft William Norris William Swift Nicholas Baker Gentlemen.

For the County of Wilts.

The Right Honourable Richard Lord Gorges of the Kingdome of Ireland Henry Lord Coleraine of the same Kingdome Anthony Lord Ashley Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Shaftesbury Thomas Herbert Edward Howard The Right Honourable Edward Seymour and Henry Powle Esquires Sir John Ernie Knight Chauncellor of the Exchequer of His Majestyes most Honourable Privy Councill Sir Walter Saint John Sir John Button Sir William Estcourt Sir Richard Grubham How Sir Seymour Pile Sir Joseph Ash Sir Walter Ernie Sir Walter Longe Sir James Long Sir George Speeke Baronets Sir John Coventry Sir Edward Hungerford Sir John Nicholas and Sir Edward Baynton Knights of the Bath Sir John Evelin Sir John Talbott Sir George Hungerford Sir Thomas Mompesson Sir Thomas Estcourt the elder Sir Thomas Estcourt the younger Sir Stephen Fox Sir Richard Harrison Sir Henry Coker Sir Mathew Andrewes Sir Francis Chaplin Sir Giles Hungerford Sir John Saint Low Sir Edward Loe Knights Thomas Thinne George Pitt Lawrence Hyde Richard Lewis Henry Saint John Richard How George Cooper Francis Wroughton the elder Robert Hyde Francis Pile John Pleydell William Glanvile John Hall William Eyre William Brounker William Duckett Ralph Freake George Ayliffe Thomas Bennet George Bond Edmond Warnford Edward Nicholas of Maningford Thomas Mompesson Bernard Pawlett William Ash Alexander Thistlewaite Maurice Bocland Oliver Calley Thomas Lambert John Harrison Walter Ernie Charles Fox John Windham John Smith of Tidworth Richard Aldworth Charles Rawleigh John Collins George Low Jeffery Daniell Edward Goddard of Standen Thomas Gore William Trenchard William Hodges George Johnson Giles Eyre the elder Samuell Eyre William Swanton Henry Clerke the younger Giles Eyre the younger Thomas Chamberlaine Giles Estcourt John Scroope Nevill Maskline Francis Goddard Robert Drew John Bowles Thomas Penruddocke Robert Chaundler Thomas Pile Peter Dove John Hungerford Oliver Nicholas Henry Wallis Edmond Webb Richard Chaundler John Danvers John Deane Edward Nott John Ash Michaell Ernie Samuell Ash Thomas Goddard of Swinden Thomas Clerke John Mervin William Chaffin Thomas Chaffin John Norden William Norbourne John Hawkins Henry Webb John Mompesson Francis Hill Lawrence Swanton Edward Goddard of Ogbome Abian Stoakes Charles Tooker Benjamin Gifford John Fitzherbert Thomas Bennett Edmond Hungerford Gabrieli Ashley John Brooke William Hearst John Wallis of Westwood Charles Yorke Ephraim Westley William Brounker Richard Greene John Hippesley John Young Hope Long Thomas Harris Richard Poore John Jacob Thomas Dennett the elder Francis Stonehouse Robert Foyle Richard Goddard Mathew Bennett Chr: Willoughby Chr: Pitt Edward Duke George Duke of Sarum George of Lake Henry Chivers Thomas Long Giles Litcott Thomas Dove Edward Nicholas Thomas Chitle James Lynch Anthony Hungerford John Wadman Robert Compton William Hewes Walter Norbome Charles Danvers Walter Grubb Henry Skillin William George William Willoughby William Barker Nathaniell Knight and John Bigg Esquires David Thomas Doctor of Phisicke James Bennett James Georges Walter Perkin of Lishill William Levett John Bigg George Sadler William Grinfeild Michell Beach Richard Hunt William Gauntlett John Gauntlett William Turner Nicholas Elliott Edward Hoburrough James Phipps Thomas Mitchell Thomas Rolt John Bennett Hitchcocke of White Parish Jona[than*] Rivett Peregrine Thistlewaite Nicholas

Greene Thomas Goddard of Rudloe John Yerbury John Curie William Ivy Walter Greene Thomas Stump John Smith the younger Nathaniell Trotman Charles Bowles John King Edward Dobney Charles Rayman Hancocke Christopher Potticor and Jonathan Rogers Gentlemen with the Maiors of Wilton and the Devizes and Marleburrough for the time being.

For the Citty of New Sarum.

James Harris Maior and The Maior for the time being William Swanton Esquire Recorder Sir Thomas Mompesson Knight Alexander Thistlewaite Esquire Giles Eyre Esquire Deputy Recorder Edward Edmonds Thomas Cutler senior William Vinpr senior Thomas Williams Christopher Gardiner James Bennett William Smith John Priaulx Thomas Keynton Giles Nash and Oliver Shergold Aldermen David Thomas Doctor of Phisicke John Windham William Hearst Thomas Chaffin James Harris Francis Hill Gabrieli Ashley and Lawrence Swanton Esquires.

For the Count)- of Westmorland

John Tufton Richard Tufton Esquires Sir Richard Musgrave Sir William Dalston Sir George Fletcher Sir John Lowther of Lowther Sir John Lowther of Sockebridge Baronets Sir Christopher Musgrave Sir John Otway Knights John Dalston James Bellingam Allen Bellingham Knight of the Shire Anthony Lowther Daniell Fleming Richard Lowther Robert Hilton Edward Wilson William Sandford William Fleming Henry Wilson Thomas Fletcher Thomas Hilton Christopher Dalston Christopher Phillipson Roger Moore Edward Musgrave Lancelott Mawchell Thomas Gebetis Esquires Thomas Lamplugh John Fisher Esquires George Fothergill Robert Brathwaite Christopher Teasdell James Bird Reynald Dobson Gentlemen The Maiors of Apleby and Kendall for the time being.

A.D. 1679.

31° Car. II. c. 1

923

For the County of Anglesey

Robert Lord Bulkley Viscount Cassells of the Kingdome of Ireland Richard Bulkley Thomas Bulkley Henry Bulkley Esquires Sir Hugh Owen Sir Rogeir Mosdn Baronets Nicholas Bagnall John Glynn John Robinson William Meyricke John Griffith Llanvachley Robert Roberts William Williams Thomas Holland David Lloyd Lloydiart William Bulkley Conisby Williams Owen Hughes John Owen Pencoes Edward Wynne Rowland White Howell Lewis Esquires Henry Jones Henry Davies John Price Robert Parry John Owen Llanvaithly Thomas Mostin Hugh Williams David Williams William Robarts Caeree Owen Williams John Hughes William Griffith Richard Edwards Gentlemen The Maior of Beaumaris for the time being.

For the County of Brecon

Thomas Bulcott Esquire High Sheriffe of the said County Charles Lord Herbert of Ragland Sonne and Heire apparent to the Marquesse of Worcester Sir Walter Williams Baronet Sir Thomas Williams Baronet William Morgan of Therow Esquire Richard Williams Esquire Thomas Lane Esquire John Ashbumham Esquire Rowland Gwynne Esquire John Jefferies Esquire Lewis Morgan Esquire Edward Proger Esquire Thomas Mansell Esquire Edmond Jones Esquire William Le Hunt Thomas Lewis Marmaduke Lloyd Thomas Walker Thomas Williams Walter Vaughan Guynne Vaughan Hugh Powell William Morgan of Newton John Williams John Stedman Edward Games Henry Proger Richard Guynne Marmaduke Guynne Daniell Williams Walter Williams Jasper Meller James Watkins Edward Williams Robert Lucy John Walbiefe Thomas Bowen Rees Penry Walter Williams Henry Williams of Langonider Henry Rumsey John Morgan Barzailli Jones William Vaughan John Gunter Rees Price John Guynne John Waters Lodowicke Lewis Phillip Parry Edward Herbert Esquires Henry Vaughan Doctor of Phisicke Lewis Jones William Morgan of Longeney William Bowen senior Lewis Gunter Lluellin Jenkins Charles Powell Thomas Williams of Abercamlais junior Samuell Pritchard Samuell Williams William Saunders Hugh Powell of Glynn William Lloyd Thomas Price of Glynn John Powell of Penkelley Richard Williams of Aberbrane Morgan Price William Lloyd of Llandhewircoom William Jones of Hepstey Richard Jones Gentlemen Godfrey Harcourt Hugh Penrey Coroners.

For the Towne of Brecon

John Waters Esquire and The Bayliffe for the time being James Jones Esquire Recorder or the Recorder for the time being John Jefferies Esquire William Philips [Towne Clerke'] Rees Penry Lodowicke Lewis Esquires William Thomas Richard Jones John Price Saunder Saunders Howell Williams Gentlemen.

For the County of Cardigan

Edward James Esquire High Sheriffe of the said County Sir Thomas Price of the Lodge Baronet Edward Vaughan of Transcoed Hector Phillips of Cardigan Morgan Herbert of Havod Thomas Price of Lanfread Hugh Griffith of Urglaugh James Jones of Abermaid Walter Lloyd of Almarch Erasmus Lloyd of Mabus Thomas Lloyd of Castell Howell Thomas Lloyd of Richo Arthen Thomas Powell of Lechweth Diris Thomas Lewis of Coedmore Watkin Lloyd of Wem Newith Thomas Lloyd of Bromeith Cornelius Lebrune of Nant Eos John Lewis of Gimos Thomas Jenkins of Dyffrin Lynod John Lloyd of Kilgwin John Williams of Abemantbican John Herbert of Gagartham Morgan Lloyd of Greene Grove Thomas Knowles of Unisheare Esquires Richard Lloyd of Mabus Francis Vaughan John Price of Randhir Richard Lewis of Pantiridin Morgan Lloyd of Foes Heleg Gentlemen The Maior of Cardigan for the time being James Lloyd Esqs John Morris Mathew Griffiths Arthur Bateman Henry Stedman Hector Morgan Gentlemen.

For the County of Carmarthen

John Lord Vaughan Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Carbery Altham Vaughan Esquire Ralaigh Mansell Esquire High Sheriffe of the said County Sir Edward Mansell Sir Sackvile Crow Sir Rice Rudd Sir William Russell Baronets Sir Rice Williams Baronet Richard Vaughan of Taracoed Walter Vaughan of Llanally John Ashburnham John Vaughan of Court Derlisk John Vaughan of Place Gwynn William Guynn Rowland Guynn of Taliaris Thomas Lloyd of Porlandowill Owen Bridgestocke of Llandaby William Bridgestock of [Llightoony*] Christopher Midleton Richard Jones of Tregibb William Wogan John Powell Edward Vaughan of Penybanck Richard Bloome Thomas Williams of Talley Richard Vaughan of Derlis James Jones of Delacothy William Bevans of Penycoyd Richard Gwynne of Guempa Roger Manwairing Walter Midleton John Lloyd of Llanlowthog John Morgan Griffith Lloyd Richard Brett John Williams of Aberchoy Thomas Lloyd of Alti Cadnow Thomas Gwynn of Kanordy Esquires James Prothero of Hawkesbrooke Christmas Vaughan John Lloyd of Frood William Brigstocke of Castle Piggin Arthur Guynne of Pyod Charles Phillips of Lletty Garriard John Evans of Treventy Francis Price of Llaneddy Henry Owen of Glaswalt Jonathan Scurlock Thomas Davis of Newton Owen Bowen Hugh Jones of Llanelly William Williams of Ystradwrait Henry Vaughan of Trimsaran Walter Morgan Gentlemen.

924

31° Car. II. c.l.

A.D.IG'IV.

For the Towne of Carmarthen

The Maior for the time being John Lord Vaughan Sonne and Heire apparent to the Earle of Carbery of the Kingdome of Ireland Altham Vaughan Esquire John Lloyd Towne Clerke Walter Vaughan of Llanelley Esquire John Vaughan of Court Derlles Richard Vaughan Esquire of the same John Vaughan of Placegwyn Thomas Jones Dawkins Gosse Richard Thomas Robert Lewis John Oakley Thomas Bynon William Brigstock John Williams Richard Lee Aldermen Henry Vaughan Jonathan Scurlocke Martin Bynon Edward Jones David Jones George Lewis Gentlemen,

For the County of Caemarvan

Robert Lord Viscount Bulkley of the Kingdome of Ireland Lord Willoughby Richard Bulkley Robert

Roberts Thomas Bulkley Esquires Sir John Wynne Sir Roger Mostin Sir Robert Williams Baronets Sir Robert Owen Knight Thomas Mostin Nicholas Bagnali William Griffith of Llyne Griffith Vaughan Robert Wynn Thomas Vaughan John Wynne Robert Coytmore Griffith Wynn Hugh Williams William Bulkley John Wynn Barthaer Thomas Madrin John Wynne Tu Guyn Richard Anvill John Glyn Conisby Williams Richard Griffith Robert Hookes Owen Wynn Richard Kiffin William Pricherch Lewis Merricke Robert Wynn William Wynn Llananda Holland Williams Hugh Bodurda Thomas Wynn William Glynn Randall Wynn William Wynn of Wem Esquires William Archer Hugh Lewis Owen Barry Richard Edwards William Lloyd Robert Gethin John Owen Hugh Owen William Griffith of Madrin Issa Gentlemen.

For the County of Denby

Hedd Lloyd Esquire High Sheriffs of the said County Sir John Wynn Knight and Baronet Sir John Salisbury Sir Walter Baggot Sir Thomas Powell Sir Thomas Midleton Sir Evan Lloyd Baronets Sir Roger Mostin Knight and Baronet Sir William Neale Sir Thomas Jones one of His Majestyes Justices of the Kings Bench Sir Robert Agburrough Sir John Trevor Sir Kenrick Eaton and Sir Robert Owen Knights Thomas Powell Thomas Carter John Wynn John Trevor of Trevalin John Langford Edward Vaughan of Lloydiarth John Robinson Mutton Davis Edward Brereton Cadwallider Wynn John Thelwall Euble Thelwall William Williams Thomas Vaughan John Jeffreys Robert Wynn of Bertsha William Price David Maurice of Pennyboate Edward Maurice of Llorraine Rich : Midleton of Chirke Charles Midleton Francis Manley Owen Wynn William Parry Bevis Lloyd Owen Thelwall Mathew Price Robert Price of [Gooler'] Josuah Edisbury William Lloyd of Halton John Midleton Charles Goodman Richard Lloyd of Segroyt Roger Mostin of Brimbo Hugh Roberts John Dolben John Maesmore Peirce Foulkes of Meriadocke John Price of Vaynall Hugh Meridith Robert Wynn of Lanidlas John Lloyd of Bodidrist John Lloyd of Gwreech Thomas Holland Yale of Yale William Vaughan of Bronhilogg William Jones Peter Foulkes of [Erviat1] John

Chambers Richard Parry Thomas Rosandall Ellis Lloyd of Ruabon Edward Lloyd of Place Maddocke and Jasper Peake Esquires Robert Wynn of Garthewin Howell Lloyd Euble Lloyd Robert Turbridge Thomas Lloyd of Wrexam Edward Williams Robert Holland Ellis Sutton David Lloyd of Croes Onnen Henry Vaughan of Glynn John Lloyd of Rossa John [Griffiths3] John Edwards and Thomas Powell of Stansti Thomas Griffith Captaine Robert Gething Owen Lloyd of Wickwer Thomas Lloyd of Keven John Lloyd of Brinn Lliciar William Morris of Kenevy Braick John Winn of Venitid Thomas Pritchard David Lloyd of Llangollenvechan John Maddox John Ashpoole John Midleton and John Powell of Llandernogg Edward Chambers David Williams Edwards

of Holt Parke Robert Cowley Captaine Robert Gething William Mores Richard Lloyd of Lanninus Humphrey Wynne Robert Griffith of Brimbo The two Aldermen and two Bayliffes of Denbigh for the time being Edward Davies Robert Roberts Foulke Davies Thomas Roberts Robert Edwards of [Psalyollin4] Edward Lloyd of Dwyvaen Robert Winn of Llangum David Lloyd of Kum and Rodericke Lewis Gentlemen The Maior of Holt for the time being.

For the County of Flint

Edward Lloyd Esquire High Sheriffe of the said County Sir John Salsbury Sir John Hanmer Sir Thomas Grosvenor Sir Evan Lloyd Sir Roger Mostin Sir [Evan4] Glinn Baronets Sir John Trevor Sir Kenricke Eyton Sir Saint John Gwillim Knights William Hanmer John Trevor Thomas Mostin Thomas Lloyd Thomas Pindar William Price Thomas Hanmer Thomas Carter Robert Whitley Mutton Davies George Hope Roger Whitley Thomas Humphreys William Williams John Midleton Kenricke Eyton John Price Owen Wynn John Salsbury senior John Salsbury junior Piers Pennant Charles Jones Thomas Eyton Thomas Edwards Peter Wynn Richard Parry Thomas Whidey Ralph Whidey Thomas Griffith of Caervis Walter Clapton John Broughton Thomas Evans John Winn of Gopp William Griffith Thomas Griffith of Mannereh Edward Morgan Ellis Young Thomas Whitley Edward Mostin Edward Evatt Thomas Cratchley William Lloyd Luke Lloyd George Winn Owen Barton Edward Ravenscroft Jasper Peck John Lloyd of Wellington Esquires John Whitley John Lloyd of Knolton John Griffith of Quibyr Josias Jones John Powell of Kelstrim Edward Wynne Robert Lloyd of Caergurle Thomas Price Roger Williams Luke Lloyd junior William Phillips John Mathews Robert Griffith of Pengwem William Rutter William Butler John Lloyd of Wickner Roger Jones Peter Pritchard Gentlemen Robert Conway and Griffith Williams Esquires.

1 Geelcr 0.

- Eriviat 0. * Griffith 0. 4 Plasyollin 0. * William 0

31° Car. II. c. 1.

925

For the County of Glamorgan

Charles Lord Herbert of Ragland Sonne and Heire Apparent to the Marquisse of Worcester Thomas Streete Serjeant at Law and Owen Winn Esquire His Majestyes Justices of the Great Session Thomas Gibbon Esquire High SherifFe of the said County Sir Edward Mansell Sir Edward Stradling Sir Robert Thomas Sir Charles Kemys Sir John Awberry Barronets Sir Leoline Jenkins Knight Evan Seyes Serjeant at Law William Morgan Richard Lewis John Ashbumham Thomas Lewis Richard Bassett William Herbert Humphrey Windham David Jenkins John Windham David Mathew Thomas Carne Thomas Stradling senior Collonell Thomas Stradling Lieutenant Collonell Came Major Humphrey Windham Francis Winn Oliver Jones John Avan Martin Button Richard Langhorne William Thomas Edward Lewis John Bowen David Evans Walter Evans Bussy Mansell Marmaduke Gibbs Rowland Dawkins Edmond Gamadge William Herbert Edmond Thomas Richard Seys William Seys George Bowen Miles Mathew Captaine Edward Mathew Edward Mansell Thomas Mansell Thomas Mansell of Penrice Esquires Edward Thomas Lewis Thomas Miles Button James Gwinn Thomas Bassett of Lanveythin Thomas Bassett of Bolston John Price of Court Carney Jeremiah Dawkins Robert Bidder Thomas Price of Pengllwingare Leyson Evans George Williams William Seys of Rheding Edward Came of Cometowne Thomas Longhor of Cownley Richard Jenkins of Pandnawell James Turbervill Edward [Turberill'] Edward Powell George Lucas William Awbrey of Pencoed Roger Powell of Enar Glynn Iltid Nicholl Gentlemen John Llewellin Edmund Parker Corroners Thomas Williams Benjamin Browne Esquires Bayliffes of [Cordiffe. *]

For the County of Merioneth

Robert Winn of Mascanieth High SherifFe of the said County Sir Johti Wiml Knight and Baronet Sir John Salusbury Baronet Sir Thomas Midleton Baronet Sir Roger Mostin Baronet Sir Robert Owen Knight Thomas Mo8tin Griffith Vaughan William Price Owen Salusbury Edward Vaughan Owen Wynn of Glynn John Lloyd of Maesy Pandy Richard Anwill William Pugh Lewis Owen William Williams of Glascoed Vincent Corbett Jenkin Vaughan of Caethly John Vaughon of ,Caergay John Wynn Owen Wynn of Mellay William Parry Ellis Young John Lloyd junior Humphrey Hughes Owen Anwell John Lloyd of Ruedock Richard Mostin Richard Anwell John Wynn of Comin Nathaniell Jones Hugh Tudor John Maesmore Griffith Lloyd of Mayce Pandy Lewis Lewis Edmond Merricke Esquires Owen Eyton John Price Oliver Thomas William Vaughan of Caergay [Evan Evans Anthony Thomas3] Richard Anwell William Williams William Humphreys of Maerdie Griffith Vaughan of Dolmie Vinlin Robert Price of Iskametha Robert Ellis Edward Winn Evan Lloyd of Rhiwgoch John Lloyd of Kevenvaice John Lewis of Festiniogg John Lloyd of Ukon Robert Vaughon of Kironooch Lewis Owens of Havodtowell Maurice Jones of Hendoor Ellis Davis William Owens John Morgan Gen?.

For the County of Mountgomery

John Williams Esquire High SherifFe of the said County Andrew Newport Esquire Sir Richard Corbett Sir John Price Sir John Whitterong Sir Francis Lawley Baronets Sir Thomas Jones Sir Richard Mason Knights George Devereux Edward Vaughan of Lloydiarth Edward Vaughan of Guernigo Will: Pugh of Matthaveme Edward Lloyd of Berth Lloyd Edward Kenaston Robert Leighton William Oakley Richard Mostin of Doley Coeslin Richard Owen of Rinsafen Edmund Wareing Henry Blaney Mathew Price of Parke Robert Owen of the Woodhouse David Morris of Pennybont Sidney Godolphin of Broniarth Thomas Winde Arthur Weaver Arthur Weaver junior William Williams Mathew Morgan John Mathews Edmond Lloyd of Trefnant David Powell Vincent Peirce Richard Stedman Rowland Hunt Richard Miton John Wynn of Dolearthin Thomas Lloyd of Trowscord Esquires Thomas Thynne of Garth William Eyton Robert Lee Thomas Morris of Treveddride Gentlemen Charles Herbert of Aston Charles Ninoe Edward Lloyd of Matharavall Rowland Owen of Kinlooth Humphrey Lleyth John Lloyd of Llanhaven Edward Price of Glumeheley Edward Barrett Richard Herbert of Kerrey Evan Glynn Esquires William Kiffin Richard Glin of Guistride Thomas Mason John Oakley Thomas Hodson Edward Evans of Phiedgcarow Edward Evans junior Evan Vaughan of Castlethinawh Sydney Buller Evan Vaughan of Llantwilling Evan Evans of Cumy Anett Hugh Davies of Colfrin Robert Price of Llanweliing Edward Herbert Richard Evans junior John Bright of Mithington Meredith Lloyd of Breynellers Samuell Lloyd of Llantmichwood Edward Cun Rees Lloyd of Conney Richard Ingram of Llanidlos John Wilson Richard Davies of Llenhilva William Penrin Arthur Vaughan Robert Kenaston Evan Bowen of Colfrin John Thomas Llanvaire John Edwards Oliver Jones William Biggs William Mathews of Guemedee Evan Jones John Reade John Griffiths of Glanhaverin Humphrey Jones of Poole Thomas Piny William Pierce Daniell Whitdngham Nicholas Wareing George Robinson Griffith Robinson Price Clunne Charles Jones of Leighton John Vaughan of Mivod Humphrey Lloyd of Goitree William Lloyd of Finant Roger Trevor Morris Lloyd of Henblaste William Derwas Robert Evans of Llandirinio James Hanmer Robert Owen Gentlemen Henry Herbert Francis Buller junior John Edwards of Rerington Esquires Edmond Jones of Llanvellen Nathaniell Kinaston Gen? The Bayliffe [for4] the Towne of Mountgomery for the time being George Llewelin Esquire Richard Owen junior of Rhusason Edward Whittingham Roger Jones Humphrey Jones of Garthmall David Price of Penstrowed William Price of Gwestyd Lewis Price Henry Vaughan Edward Browne Randle Owen. 1

1 Turbervill. * Cardiffc 0. * Anthony Thomas Evan Evans O. 4 of 0.

li C

31° Car. II. c.l.

A.D. 1679.

III.

Commissioners to meet in the several Counties, See. on or before the 4th March 1679;

and may subdivide themselves.

IV.

Commissioners at their Meeting to appoint Receiver General.

V.

Receiver General to give Commissioners a Receipt for Monies received by him from them.

VI.

.£103,231. 8s. 7$d. to be paid to Receiver General 24th May 1680.

For the County of Pembrooke.

Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir John Stepneth Sir Hugh Owen Sir John Barlow Barronets Sir Herbert Perret Knight Francis Phillips High Sheriffe of the said County Essex Merrick Lewis Parlow Arthur Owen Rowland Langhome Hugh Bowen Hector Phillips Lewis Wogan of Boulston John [Owen of Treroone William Scurfeild Lewis'] Wogan of Wiston Griffith Dawes Thomas Howard Walter Midleton William Phillips William Wogan John Cannon William Mordant David Williams Thomas Lloyd John Elliott Arthur Langhame Thomas Lort Thomas Owen Nathaniell Powell John Thomas Richard Phillips John Barlow James Lloyd Griffith Hawkewell Henry Walter James Ap Rice John Williams George Bowen Nicholas Adams Hugh Langhame William Owen David Morgan John Mathias William Warren Lewis John William Meare David Morris Esquires George Lort Richard Cuney William Foard Thomas Simmons John Phillips of Trelewellin William Bourne of Williamston Thomas Edwards John Wogan James Langhame Reignald Howell Thomas Jones Jenkin Jones John Jordan John Meyrrick John Owen of Parshills Captaine William Williams John Lewis William Skyrme William Lloyd of Trewent Thomas Jones of Panty Derry Gwin Vaughan John Bell William Jones John Childe Robert Chambers The Maior of Pembrooke for the time being Mathew Bowen George Powell Francis Rogers Gentlemen The Maior of Tenby for the time being Henry Jones Devereux Hammond James Lloyd Gentlemen.

For the Towne and County of Haverford West.

John Williams Esquire Maior Edward Hughes Gentleman Sheriffe Sir Hugh Owen Sir Erasmus Phillips Sir John Barlow Sir John Stepneth Baronets Sir Herbert Perrott Knight Lewis Wogan of Wiston Lewis Wogan of Boulston Arthur Owen Thomas Cozens William Wogan Thomas Haward John Thomas Esquires John Barlow Gentlemen Thomas Bowen John Bateman Lewis Barron and Robert Prust Aldermen Thomas Cozens John Fowler Benjamin Twineing Thomas Wilkins George Lewis and Vincent Powell Gentlemen.

For the County of Radnor

Sir John Morgan Baronet Sir Edward Harley Knight of the Bath Thomas Vaughan Esquire High Sheriffe of the said County Richard Fowler Henry Walcott Richard Williams Morrice Wynn Thomas Lewis senior Thomas Lewis of Monaighty Thomas Hughes Rowland Gwinn Samuell Powell Thomas Harley Henry Probert Mathew Price John Fowler Robert Lucy Bristock Harford Griffith Jones senior Edward Freemen Edward Price Nicholas Taylor William Probert John James Edward Davies Nicholas Meredith James Lloyd John Walsam Thomas Lewis junior Herbert Weston Marmaduke Grimes Hugh Powell Robert Cutler Thomas Howard Griffith Jones junior John Davies Thomas Corbett Lewis of Headwall Esquires John Probert Henry Bull William Taylor John Lewis

Lloyd Weston Walter Vaughan Thomas Lewis Jeremiah Powell Thomas Powell Evan Vaughan Edward Phillips Gabrieli Taylor Jonas Stephens Francis Richards William Morgan Evan Bowen Thomas Williams Thomas Griffith Nehemiah Kitleby The Bayliffe of New Radnor and two Aldermen for the time being.

And bee it further enacted and declared That the severall Commissioners aforesaid shall meete together at the most usuall and common Place of Meeting within each of the said Countyes Cityes Burroughes Townes and Places respectively on or before the Fourth day of March One thousand six hundred seaventy and nine And the said Commissioners or soe many of them as shall be present at the said First Generali Meeting or the major part of them are hereby authorized and required to putt this Act in Execution according to the best of their Judgements and Discretions and shall then if they see cause subdivide and distribute themselves into lesser Numbers as Three or more of the said Commissioners may be appointed for the Service of each Hundred or other Division

and as may best conduce to the carrying on of His Majestyes Service hereby required.

And bee it enacted and declared That the Commissioners at their aforesaid first Generali Meeting or the major part of them shall and are hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seales an honest able and responsible Person to be Receiver Generali for each County City or Division respectively takeing sufficient Security from such Receiver Generali in the Kings Name for His Majestyes Use.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every Receiver Generali from time to time within the space of one moneth next after he shall have received the full Summe that shall be charged upon any

Hundred or Division for each perticular Payment that is to be made to such Receiver Generali by vertue of

this Act shall give to the Commissioners that shall act in such Hundred or Division a Receipt under his Hand and Seale acknowledgeing his Receipt of the full Summe charged upon such Hundred or Division for such particular Payment which Receipt shall be a full Discharge of such Hundred or Division for such particular Payment against His Majestic His Heires and Successors

And bee it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the summe of One hundred three thousand two hundred thirty and one pounds eight shillings and seaven pence halfe penny being the first of the said two quarterly Payments hereby imposed shall be assessed collected levyed and paid unto the Receiver Generali of the said severall Countyes and Places on or before the Fower and twentieth day of May One thousand six hundred

31° Car. II. c. 1.

927

and eighty and the summe of One hundred three thousand two hundred thirty and one pounds eight shillings and aeaven pence halfe penny being the second of the said two quarterly Payments on or before the Fower and twentyeth day of August in the said Yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and eighty. And the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Schedule or Note containeing the particular Summes assessed [on1] each Parish or Place to the Receiver Generali of each County City Burrough Towne or Place respectively to be by him the said Receiver Generali transmitted into the Kings Remembrancers Office in die Exchequer within fifteene dayes after he shall have received the same

*103,ati. 8«. 7 jd. Second rayment, 24th Aug. 1680. Commissioners to deliver a Schedule of Sums assessed to Receiver General, to be transmitted by him to the Exchequer.

And bee it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That the money received by the Collectors within the respective Divisions or Hundreds shall from time to time be duely paid to the Receiver Generali or to his Deputy or Deputies to be appointed under his Hand and Seale whereof notice under the Hand and Seale of the Receiver Generali shall be given [to1] the Commissioners or any two of them within the respective Divisions or Hundreds within Eight dayes after the first Generali Meeting and soe from ume to time within Eight dayes after every Death or Removeall of any Deputy if any such shall happen, and the Receipt of such Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes or any of them shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Collector.

VII.

Money received by Colleaors to be paid to Receiver General, who it to

give Notice to omir.issioners of tuch Payment.

Receipt of Receiver General to be a Discharge.

And bee it further enacted and declared That the particular Collectors are hereby required to pay in all and every the Summes soe received by them unto the said Receivers Generali aforesaid or their Deputy or Deputies for payment whereof the said Collectors shall not be obliged to travel 1 above Ten miles from the places of their Habitations which said Receivers Generali are hereby required forthwith to transmitt or cause to be paid the moneys by them received into the Receipt of the Exchequer And the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any three or more of them are hereby authorized and required to allow the said Receiver Generali of each County City and Towne respectively in case he hath

returned up as aforesaid a Duplicate of the Assesments of each Parish or Place in the County City or Towne

for which he is appointed Receiver Generali a Salary for his Paines not exceeding Two pence in the Pound

upon the clearing of his Accompt which Duplicate soe to be returned into the said Receipt of the Exchequer is

to containe noe more then the Summes in grosse to be collected by each Collector and the overall Names of the said Collectors

VIII. Particular Collectors to pay to Receiver General, &c.

Not obliged to travel above Ten Mile* for Payment*.

Salary to Receiver General, &c. Regulations as to returning Duplicate of Assessment.

And it is hereby further enacted and declared That the Collectors of each Parish or Place which shall be appointed by vertue of this Act shall upon Collection of the whole Summe appointed to be collected by them and Payment thereof as is hereby before appointed have and receive for their Paines in collecting and paying the moneyes Fower pence in the Pound which the said Collectors are impowered to detaine out of the last Payment of the money of their severall and respective Two Quarterly Payments And the said Receiver Generali upon the Receipt of the whole Assesment of the County City or Towne for which he is appointed Receiver Generali in case he hath received the severall Duplicates of each Parish or Place therein and not otherwise shall allow and pay according to such Warrant as shall be in that behalfe given by the said Commissioners or any three or more of them One penny in the Pound for the Commissioners Clerkes for their Paines in faire Writeing the Assesments Duplicates and Copies.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That for the avoiding of all Obstructions and Delayes in collecting the Summes by this Act to be rated and assessed all Places Offices Constablwicks Divisions and Allotments shall pay and be assessed in such County Hundred Place Rape Division or Wapentake according to the like Proportions and Distributions in respect to this present Assesment as they were assessed and taxed by the said recited Act.

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted by the authoride aforesaid That the severall Receivers Generali which shall be appointed according to this Act their Deputy or Deputyes shall from time to time at every Payment appointed thereby give unto the severall Collectors within their respective PrecinCts upon the Payment of the whole Summe due at such dmes of Payment from their respective Parishes Constablewicks or Places within each of their Collections severall Acquittances under their Hands without takeing any thing for the same and that in like manner at every time of Payment appointed by this Act the Receiver Generali of each County his Deputy or Deputyes shall give unto the severall Collectors aforesaid upon the Payment of the whole Summe or any part thereof due for their Parish or Place respectively at each time of Payment aforesaid severall Acquittances under their Hands and Seales without takeing any thing for the same which said Acquittances of every respective Receiver Generali his Deputy or Deputyes shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Collectors and to such Parish and Place respectively and to every Person charged within the said Collectors Charge against His Majestie’His Heires and Successors for the Summe or Summes of Money soe acquitted.

And whereas it will be necessary for the more speedy disbanding and paying off* the said Forces soe raised That Money should be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence given by this Act And that the issueing and paying thereof out of His Majestyes Exchequer may be with the most Expedition for the Ends aforesaid Bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the time being or any Three or more of them shall and are

IX. Allowance to Collectors.

Collectors may detain Allowance.

Allowance to Commissioners’ Clerks to be paid by Receiver General.

X.

Places to be assessed as

heretofore.

X!.

Receiver General and their Deputies to give Acauit-tances to Collectors;

without Fee.

such Acquittances to be a Discharge.

XII. Treasury authorized, as herein mentioned, to issue Money granted by this Act.

' upon 0.

* unto 0.

31° Car. II. c. 1.

A.D. 1679.

Persons lending Money on the Credit of this Act to have Tally and Order for Repayment. Interest at £8 per Cent, per Ann.

Form of Order of Loan.

If sufficient Money not advanced to pay Commission OmcerR what shall be due to them. Commissioners to give a Debenture on the Treasury for Payment, with Interest at per Cent, payable Quarterly.

XIIJ.

If Money due for quartering Officers, &c. cannot be paid. Commissioners to give a like Debenture on the Treasury, with Interest at £S per Cent, payable Quarterly.

XIV.

After disbanding Commissioners to make up an Account of Deductions for Clothing out of Pay, &c. and to distribute what shall remain unpaid, and make Certificate thereof to the Treasury, who shall thereupon order Payment, &c.

hereby authorized by Order or Warrant under their Hands without any Privy Seale or other Warrant from the King his Heires or Successors to issue the Money by this Act granted to such Person and Persons and according to such Rules Orders and Directions as are hereby directed and appointed and not otherwise And that all and every Person and Persons who shall lend any Money to His Majestie upon the Credit of the aforesaid Summe of Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer shall immediately and by vertue hereof have a Tally of Loane for the same and an Order for Repayment beareing the same Date with the Tally with a Clause therein inserted for the Payment of Interest for such money at the rate of Eight pounds per Centum by the yeare to be paid every Three moneths untill the Repayment of the Principall which Order of Loane shall be in these words mutatis mutandis that is to say

QRDER is by us taken this day of by vertue of an Act entituled An Act for granting

a Supply to His Majestie of Two hundred and six thousand foure hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence for paying off and disbanding the Forces raised since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven That you deliver and pay of such His Majestyes Treasure as remaines in your Charge of the Summe of Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence ariseing by vertue of the said Act unto

or his Assignes the Summe of in Repayment of soe much Money by him lent unto His

Majestie upon the Credit of the said Summe of Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixtie two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence and paid into the Receipt of His Majestyes Exchequer the said day of as by a Tally leavyed at the Receipt of the Exchequer beareing Date the same day appeares

together with the Interest thereof at the rate of Eight pounds per Centu per Annu at the end of every Three moneths untill the repayment of the Principall And these together with his or her Acquittance or the Acquittance of his or her Assignee or Assignes shall be your Discharge therin.

And that in case there shall not be money enough advanced by Loane to pay the Commission Officers what shall be to them due upon stateing their Accompts the Commissioners appointed by this Act for disbanding the said Forces or any one or more of them are hereby authorized and required to give to (') the said Officers a Certificate or Debenter under their or any of their Hands and Seales directed to the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being who shall thereupon by vertue of this Act without any Privy Seale or other Warrant from His Majestie His Heires or Successors give or cause to be given to every such respective Officer or Officers an Order for the Payment of the Summe soe certified together with Interest for the same after the rate of Eight pounds per Centum per Annum to be paid Quarterly from the day of the Date of such Order untill the Payment of the money due thereupon.

And in case the persons to whome money shall be due for Quartering of Officers or Souldiers or any of them cannot be paid at the time of stateing the Accounts of the Debts due to such Persons by reason of the deficiency of advance of Money by Loane as aforesaid the said Commissioners or any one or more of them are hereby authorized and required to give to every of the said Persons or any other by them or any of them sufficiently entrusted a like Certificate or Debenter under their or any of their Hands and Seales directed to the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being who shall thereupon by vertue of this Act without any Privy Seale or other Warrant give or cause to be given to such Person or Persons an Order for the Payment of the summe soe certifyed together with Interest for the same after the rate of Eight pounds per Centum per Annum to be paid Quarterly from the day of the date of such Order untill the payment of the Money due thereupon.

And bee it further enacted That after the Forces shall be actually disbanded the Commissioners for disbanding the Forces or any two or more of them shall make up an Account with the Paymaster of the said Forces of all such summes of Money as have beene by him deduded for Cloathes out of the pay of the Souldiers before the First day of September last past together with [an1] Account of what shall be by them the said Commissioners since that time deduded from any Officer or Souldier for Cloathes and of what shall then appeare to them to remaine unpaid to any person that furnished the same shall make a proportionable distribution to such person or persons and make a Certificate or Debenter thereof to the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being in manner as aforesaid who shall thereupon by vertue of this Act as aforesaid direct the like Order for payment to such Person or Persons without any Clause for payment of Interest to be in such Order inserted.

XV.

Commissioners may examine and adjust Accounts with Officers and Persons who have delivered Clothes to Soldiers hereby discharged, and dedud what shall appear due, and make Certificate thereof.

And whereas there are severall Persons that have delivered Cloathes or other Necessaries to the Souldiers (by this Act to be discharged) for which they have the severall Officers Receipts for the same but have not as yet obtained from the respective Officers Assignements upon the Paymaster Bee it further enacted That the said

Commissioners or any two or more of them shall and may h-ve power to examine adjust and make up the

Accompts as well with the respective Officers as with such Person or Persons before such Officers shall receive their respective Orders and that what shall appeare to be really and bona fide due shall be deduded by the said

Commissioners and distributed to such Person or Persons and make such Certificate as aforesaid of the same as

if they had obtained Assignements from the respective Officers upon the Paymaster and in like manner the said Commissioners shall dedud and keepe in their hands all such summe and summes of Money as shall appeare to

1 every of 0.

5 the 0.

31° Car. II. c.l.

929

the said Commissioners under the hand of any Souldier to be due to his Officer and to pay the same to such Officer the Quarters of such Souldier being first paid off and discharged according to such direction onely as the Officer hath given to the Innekeeper or Landlord soe as the said Accompts betweene the Officer and Soldier be stated before the day of disbanding and soe as such deduction shall be made onely out of the Pay due to such Souldier and not out of the free guift hereby given.

And it is hereby further enacted That all Orders for the repayment of Loanes on this A & shall be entred according to the dates of the respective Tallyes of Loane And all Orders for payment of Commission Officers

of the Army and the discharge of Quarters and payment for Cloathes shall be registred in course according to

their respective dayes and times of bringing thereof and none of the Orders abovementioned shall have preference one before another but shall be entred in their Course according to the dates of [their1] said Tallyes and the times of bringing their other Orders as they are in point of time respectively before each other And that all and every person and persons shall be paid in Course according as their Orders shall stand entred in the said Register Booke soe as that the Person Native or Forreigner his Executors Administrators and Assignes who shall have his

Order or Orders first entred in the said Booke of Register shall be taken and accounted as the first person to

be paid upon the Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings three pence to come in by vertue of this AS [And he she or they that shall have his her or their Order or Orders next entred shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid and soe successively and in course And that the two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings three pence to come in by vertue of this AS *] shall be in the same Order lyeable to the satisfaction of the said respective Partyes their Executors Administrators or Assignes successively without preference of one before another and not otherwise and not to be diverdble to any other use intent or purpose whatsoever and that noe Fee or Reward or Gratuity direSly or indireSly be demanded or taken of any of your Majestyes Subjects for provideing or makeing any such Bookes Registers Entryes View Searches or Certificate in or for Payment of money lent or the Interest thereof or for Payment of any money upon any Order by any of your Majestyes Officer or Officers their Clerkes or Deputyes on paine of payment of Treble Damages to the party grieved by the partie offending with costs of Suite or if the Officer himselfe take or demand any such Fee or Reward then to loose his Place alsoe And if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Registry or of Payment contrary to the true meaning of this A8t by any such Officer or Officers then the partie offending shall be lyable by Action of Debt or on the case to pay the value of the Debt Damages and Costs to the partie grieved and shall be forejudged from

his Place or Office, And if such preference be unduely made by any his Deputy or Clerke without direction

or privity of his Master then such Deputy or Clerke onely shall be lyable to such Action Debt Damages and

Costs and shall be for ever after incapeable of his Place or Office And in case the Auditor shall not direct the

Order or the Clerke of the Pells record or the Teller make Payment according to each persons due Place and

Order as afore-directed then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeite and their respective Deputyes and Clerkes

herein offending to be lyeable to such Action Debt Damages and Costs in manner as aforesaid all which said

Penalties Forfeitures Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer or any their

Deputyes or Clerks shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information in any of his Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Priviledge Wager of Law Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

Provided alwayes and bee it hereby declared That if it happen that severall Tallyes of Loane beare date or be

brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registred then it shall be interpreted noe undue

preference which of those he enters first soe he enters them all the same day.

Provided alsoe That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incurr any penalty in point of Payment if the Auditor direct and the Clerke of the Pells record and the Teller doe pay subsequent Orders of persons that come and demand their money and bring their Order before other persons that did not come to demand their money and bring their Order in their course soe as there be soe much money reserved as will satisfie their Orders which shall not be otherwise disposed but kept for them Interest upon Loane or Orders being to cease from the time the money is soe reserved and kept in Bancke for them.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That every person or persons to whome any money shall be due upon the Two hundred six thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three

pence given by vertue of this Act after Order entered in the Booke of Register aforesaid for Payment thereof

his Executors Administrators or Assignes by Endorsement of his Order may assigne and transferr his Right Title Interest and Benefitt of such Order or any part thereof to any other which being notified in the Office of the Auditor for the Receipt aforesaid and an Entry and Memoriall thereof alsoe made in the Booke of Registry aforesaid for Orders which the Officers shall [upon request3] without Fee or Charge accordingly make shall entitule such Assignee his Executors Administrators and Assignes to the Benefitt thereof and Payment thereon, And such Assignee may in like manner assigne againe and soe toties quoties and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have made such Assignements to make void release or discharge the same or any the moneys thereby due or any part thereof.

II D

Quarters of Soldiers being first discharged; the said Accounts to be stated before disbanding, &c.

XVI. Orders for Repayment of Loan entered according to Date of Tally.

Orders for Payment of Officers to be registeredin Course.

Persons to be paid in Course as their Orders stand entered.

Monies raised by Assessments to De liable in the same Order.

No Fee for providing or making books,

&c. or for Payment of Money lent.

Penalty.

Punishment.

Undue Preference by Officer;

Penalty.

Undue Preference by Deputy ; Penalty.

Auditor, Clerk of the Pells, or Teller not making Payments m due Order ; Penalty.

How all such Penalties shall be recovered.

XVII. Proviso where several Tallies bear Date the same Day.

XVIII. Paying subsequent Orders, if first demanded, no undue Preference, if sufficient reserved to satisfy preceding Orders.

XIX. Orders for Payment of Monies may be assigned by Indorsement.

Memorial thereof without Fee.

Assignee may in like manner assign.

930

31° Car. II. c.l.

A.D. 1679.

XX.

Commissioner* not liable to Penalties of 25C.II. c. 2. for executing this Act.

XXI. Monies levied under this Act, (Exception)

to be appropriated to the paying and disbanding the Forces, &c.

Doing, &c. any Ad to divert or misapply Monies

Premunire,

16 R. II. c.5.

and incapable of Pardon.

XXII. Commissioners for disbanding the Forces to take Account of Monies received and paid by Paymaster of the Land Forces.

The said Account and of Money hereby granted to be given to the Commons in Parliament, within Three Months after disbanding.

XXIII.

Collector keeping Money in Hand, or paying to Person other than Receiver General

Penalty ^5.

Receiver General or Deputy paying Monies other than into the Exchequer; Penalty $£$co.

XXIV. Officers and Soldiers of the Regiments herein mentioned to be paid and disbanded.

And bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That noe Commissioner or Commissioners or any other Officer that shall bee imployed in the Execution of this A d or any thing therein contained shall be lyable for or by reason of their acting or proceeding as Commissioners by vertue of this Act to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act endtuled An Act for preventing dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, for not takeing the Oathes or Declaration in the said Act expressed, in case such Commissioner or Commissioners Officer or Officers have before that time taken the said Oathes and subscribed the Declaration in the recited Act mentioned.

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all moneyes herein before named and mentioned collected levyed and paid by vertue of this Act into the Receipt of the Exchequer as well upon Loane as otherwise except the Allowances therein made to the respective Collectors Clerkes and Receivers Generali and the usual I Fees of the Officers of the Exchequer and to the Commissioners hereby appointed for disbanding the said Forces and what shall be issued thence for the repayment of Loanes and payment of Orders made in persuance of this Act in manner aforesaid, upon the Credit of the said Two hundred and sixe thousand sower hundred sixty two pounds seaventeene shillings and three pence shall be applyed & appropriated and are hereby appropriated to and for the speedy and compleate paying and disbanding the Forces Officers and Souldiers by this Act appointed to be disbanded and the necessary Charges for doeing thereof and to noe other Intent Use or Purpose whatsoever And any person or persons that shall advise frame contrive countersigne or putt in execution any Commission Ad Order Warrant or Command whatsoever for diverting or misapplying any of the Money hereby granted to His Majestie to any other Intent Use or Purpose whatsoever then the Uses Intents and Purposes by this Act limitted & appointed he or they soe offending shall incurr and sustaine the Paines Penalties and Forfeitures limited ordained and provided in and by the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the Sixteenth yeare of King Richard the Second and shall from thenceforth be disabled dureing his life to sue or impleade any person in any Action reall or personall or to make any Gift Grant Conveyance or other disposition of any his Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods or Chattells which he hath to his owne use either by Ad executed in his life time or by his last Will or otherwise or take any Gift Conveyance or Legacie to his owne use and bee incapeable of any Ease or Pardon from his Majestie his Heires or Successors of the said Penalties Forfeitures and Disabilities or any of them.

And bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the Commissioners for disbanding the Forces or any Two or more of them are hereby authorized and required to take an Accompt of the Treasurer or Paymaster ~>f the Land Forces of all moneyes by him received and paid for the use of or to the said Forces raised since the said Nine and twentyeth day of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven or any of them or any contingent Charges in reference thereunto which the said Paymaster is hereby injoyned to make and deliver upon Oath to the said Commissioners within Ten dayes after the disbanding of the said Forces and the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them are hereby impowered to administer the said Oath to the said Paymaster for the makeing and perfecting the same, And the said Account as alsoe the Account of the Money hereby granted to his Majestie shall be given to the Commons assembled in Parlyament of this or any succeeding Pfrlyament within Three moneths after the said Forces shall be disbanded and all Charges incident thereunto paid and discharged if a Parlyament shall then be sitting or in the next approaching Session that shall happen.

And for the more effectuall doeing thereof and that the said moneys hereby given may be applyed to the use and service aforesaid Bee it further enacted And it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Collector of any Parish or Place shall keepe in his hands any part of the said money by him collected for any longer time then is by this Act directed (other then the allowance made unto him by this Act) or shall pay any part thereof to any person or persons other then the Receiver Generali of such County or Place or his Deputy That every such Collector shall forfeite for every such Offence the summe of Five pounds And in case any Receiver Generali or his Deputie shall pay any part of the moneyes paid to him or them by any Collector by vertue of this Act to any person or persons whatsoever other then into the Receipt of the Exchequer And that at or within the respective times hereby limitted such Receiver Generali shall for every such Offence of himselfe or his Deputy forfeite the Summe of Five hundred pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same in any Court of Record by Bill Plaint or other Information wherein noe Essoigne Protection or Wager of Law is to bee allowed.

And for the more certaine speedy and effectuall disbanding of all the said Forces raised or brought over from forreigne parts into this Kingdome since the Twenty nineth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven Bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the severall Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Horse and [of*] the Regiment of Foote now or late of James Duke of Monmouth The severall Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Dragoons now or late of His Highnesse Prince Rupert Duke of Cumberland, Of the Regiment of Dragoons (*) of Lewis alias Louis Earle of Feversham otherwise called The Royall Regiment, Of the Regiment of Dragoons now or late of Sir John Talbot Knight The severall Officers and [Soldies3] of the severall and respective Regiments of Foote now or late of William Lord Allington of the Kingdome of Ireland Collonell Henry Sidney Sir Thomas Slingsby Sir Lionell Walden Sir Charles Wheeler Collonell George Legg consisting of Eight Companies and Collonell Thomas Stradling The two Foote Companyes now or late commanded by Captaine John Wharton and Captaine Thomas Denton being part of the late Regiment of Edward

1 0. omits.

now or late O.

1 Souldiers 0.

A.D. 1679.

31° Car. II. c.l

931

Lord Morpeth Sonne and Heire apparent of the Earle of Carlisle The two Foote Companies now or late of Sir Henry Goodricke and Sir Jonathan Jennings being part of the late Regiment of the said Sir Henry Goodrick, The two Companies now or late commanded by Captaine John Shaftoe and Captaine William Collingwood being part of the late Regiment of Sir John Fenwicke The two Foote Companies now or late commanded by Major Henry Collier and Captaine Henry Jeyne being part of the late Regiment of Collonell Edward Villers The two

Companies now or late commanded by Captaine John Boys and Captaine John Cox being part of the late Regiment

of Henry late Lord O Bryen of the Kingdome of Ireland The severall Officers and Souldiers of the severail and respe&ve Troops of Granadeers now or late commanded by Captaine Henry Carr Captaine John Staples and Captaine Thomas Row The severall Officers and Soldiers of the Six Foote Companies of Granadeers now or late commanded by Captaine John Daniell Captaine William Rigg Captaine John Gibbs Captaine John Bristow Captaine George Wingfeild and Captaine Charles O-hara The addidonall Adjutant and Twenty sower Serjeants of the Regiment now or late commanded by Collonell John Russell, The addidonall Adjutant and the severall Officers and Soldiers of the Eight addidonall Companies in the Regiment of Foote of the Earle of Craven now or late commanded by Captaine Thomas Talmash Captaine Robert Saincleere Captaine Thomas Sillyard Captaine Simon Parry Captaine Robert Brett Captaine Humphrey Okeover Captaine David Ogleby and Captaine Francis Newport And alsoe the Twelve addidonall Serjeants and Fower hundred and eighty Soldiers raised and distributed into the other Twelve Companies of the same Regiment videlicet One Serjeant and Forty Soldiers in each Company since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven The addidonall Adjutant and the severall Officers and Souldiers of the Eight addidonall Companies in the Regiment of Foote now or

late of Sir Charles Lideton Knight commonly called The Regiment of His Royall Highnesse The Duke

of Torke now or late commanded by Captaine Thomas Whally Captaine James Fortry Captaine Charles Herbert Captaine Charles Churchill Captaine Francis Iszard Captaine Edward Harris Captaine John Parker and Captaine Samuell Scudamore And alsoe the Twelve addidonall Serjeants Twelve Drummers and Five hundred and seaventy Soldiers raised and distributed into the other Twelve Companies of the said Regiment viz* One Serjeant One Drummer and Fifty Souldiers for each Company excepdng Major Darrells Company to whome there were Twenty onely added raised since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven The addidonall Adjutant and the severall Officers and Souldiers of the Eight addidonall Companies in the Regiment of Foote now or late of The Earle of Mulgrave now or late commanded by Captaine Charles Hillyard Captaine Charles Mannering Captaine John Richardson Captaine Ralph Delavall Captaine Gilbert Cornwall Captaine William Wheeler Captaine Francis Collingwood and Captaine Edward Fitz-Patrick And alsoe Twelve addidonall Serjeants Twelve Drummers and Six hundred Souldiers raised and distributed in the other Twelve Companies of the same Regiment viz* One Serjeant One Drummer and Fifty Souldiers in each Company since the said Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven The severall Officers and Souldiers of the Troope of Horse now or late commanded by Captaine Will: Wind now or late in the Island of Jersey The severall Officers and Souldiers of the Six Foote Companies now or late of John Lord Fretchville Sir John [Rereby1] Sir Robert Hilliard Sir Ralph Wharton Captaine William Godolphin and Captaine Robert Pollard The Adjutant Provost Marshall Chaplaine Chirurgions Mate and Eightie Souldiers raised and distributed into the Regiment of Horse now or late of Awbrey de Vere Earle of Oxford viz* Ten Souldiers to each of the Troops in the said Regiment since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven The addidonall Two and twenty Serjeants Two and twenty Drummers and Eleaven hundred Soldiers raised and distributed since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven into the Two and twenty Non-regimented Garrison Companies of Foote hereafter mentioned That is to say Into the Company now or late of Edward Lord Morpeth aforesaid in Carlisle, The Company now or late of Sir Francis Leake at Gravesend The two Companies now or late of Christopher Lord Hatton and Captaine William Sheldon at Guernsey The two Companies now or late of James Duke of Monmouth and Collonell Anthony Gilby at Hull The Companies now or late of Sir Thomas Morgan Knight and Baronet and Captaine Thomas Germain at Jersey The Company now or late of Richard Lord Arundell of Trerice at Pendennis The Companies now or late of Collonell George Legg Captaine Oliver Nicholas Captaine John Lee Captaine George Howston and Sir Roger Strickland at Portsmouth The two Companies now or late of John Earle of Bath and Sir Hugh Piper at Plymouth The Company now or late of Collonell Edward Villers at Tinmouth The three Companies now or late of Sir John Robinson Sir Thomas Chichley and Collonell David Walter in the Tower of London The two Companies now or late of Sir Robert Holmes and Lieutenant [Collonell*] James Halsell in the Isle of Wight videlicet One Serjeant and one Drummer and Fiftie Souldiers in each Company The addidonall Towne Major Chaplaine Chirurgion and Marshall to the Garrison of Plymouth The addidonall Chirurgion to the said Isle of Wight The addidonall Chirurgion to the Garrison of Hull The addidonall Chirurgion in the Isle of Guernsey The addidonall Chaplaine for the Garrison of Shemesse and The addidonall Chaplaine and Chirurgion for the Island of Jersey raised and added since the Nine and twentyeth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven And all other His Majestyes Regiments Forces Troops and Companies or parts of Regiments Troops and Companies Officers and Souldiers whatsoever whether in Garrison or out of Garrison within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and the Isles of Guernsey or Jersey which have beene raised listed or mustred within this Realme or the Places aforesaid since the said Nine and twentieth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven or since that time brought over into this Realme from Forraigne Parts be forthwith paid off disbanded and discharged.

31° Car. II. c.l

A.D. 1679.

XXV.

Namei of Commissioners appointed; ' to ad according to instructioni;

to meet and execute Act.

Treasury to issue Warrants for Payment of Debentures, &c.

Colonels, &c. to give due Obedience to Precepts, See of Commissioners for paying and disbanding the Forces.

And bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronet Collonell Roger Whitley Collonell John Birch and Sir Thomas Player Knight shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for that purpose and shall act therein according to the Rules Orders Directions and Instructions hereafter expressed and shall meete together the next day after the Royall Assent to this Act given in the Place called the Inner Court of Wards at Westminster to beginn to putt this Act in Execution and the Lord Treasurer and Vice-Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being or any three or more of th»m are hereby authorized and required to issue their respective Warrants or Orders as aforesaid for the payment of such Certificates or Debenters as shall be by the said Commissioners for disbanding or any one or more of th*m from time to time to them or any three or more of them respectively directed and to such person or persons as shall be in the said Certificates or Debenters respectively mentioned And according to the Rules Orders Directions and Instructions herein limitted and directed for paying and disbanding the said Forces and all and every the Collonells and Officers of the said Forces the Commissary Generali of the Musters and all the respective Muster Masters by them deputed and the Paymaster of the Guards and Forces and all other persons concerned in the Rules and Instructions by this Act given are hereby required to give due Obedience to all Precepts Rules and Directions as the said Commissioners or any one or more of them or any person or persons by them one or more of them thereunto authorized shall from time to time in order to the paying and disbanding of the Forces as aforesaid make direct and appoint.

XXVI. Commissions of General Officers (Exception) void.

And bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That the severall Commission and Commissions of all Generali Officers of the Army other then the Generali StafFe Officers dated since the Nine and twentyeth day of September One thousand six hundred seaventy and seaven are hereby declared to be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXVII.

All other Officers, See. by this Act ordered to be disbanded, are to be disbanded according to the Rules herein mentioned.

Treasury, on Receipt of Debenture, to rant Warrant for Pay.

Paymaster not to pay until Deduction for Clothes, as herein mentioned. Officers to produce to Commissioners Acquittances.

No Commissioned Officer to have his Accounts made or receive Pay after I6t April 1679;

Soldiers after 31st May.

Regulation as to Pay, &c. of Officers of disbanded Regiments.

Paymaster General and Commissary of Musters to draw up Account of Monies due to disbanded Officers and Soldiers.

Commissioners at time of

disbanding, to

call over Officers and Soldiers by the Book.

Only those who appear or account for Absence to be paid.

And bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all other the Officers Souldiers and Forces by this AS to be disbanded shall be paid off and disbanded according to the Rules [Orders1] Directions and Instructions hereafter following That is to say That the Commissioners for disbanding the Forces or any two or more of them shall order the Paymaster of the Army to make and deliver to them or any two or more of them within two dayes after the Royall Assent to this Act given an Account of what money shall bee then due on the Muster of September last to all or any of the Officers and Souldiers of the severall Regiments Troops and Companies raised since the said Twenty ninth of September One thousand six hundred seaventy seaven and upon the Receipt of the said Account the said Commissioners or any two or more of them shall make out a Certificate or Debenter of the summe or summes of money due upon the said Muster directed to the said Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any three or more of them [& the 2d Lord Treasurer or Lords Cofis or any three or more of them1] are hereby injoyned upon Receipt of such Certificate or Debenter to grant their Warrant or Order in manner as aforesaid for the Payment thereof to the said Paymaster who shall not pay the same to any of the said Officers untill he shall have made deductions for Cloathes to the First of November last which Officers shall produce to the said Commissioners or any one or more of them Acquittances for the full Discharge of all money due for Quarters from the said First day of September to the said First day of November from the person or persons to whome the same is or shall be due attested by the Constable or Cheife Magistrate of the Place before any money be paid to any such Officer by the said Commissoners for or upon any subsequent Muster.

That noe Commission Officer either of Horse Foote Dragoons or Granadeers now to be disbanded shall have his or their Accounts made up or receive any Pay for longer time then to the First day of Aprill One thousand six hundred seaventy nine exclusive and noe Generali Officer of the Field shall have any Pay as a Generali Officer by vertue of this Act.

That noe Souldier whether Horse, Foote Granadeer or Dragoons under the Degree of a Commission Officer shall have his or their Accounts made up nor receive any Pay for any longer time then to the last day of May next following exclusive.

That noe Officer whose Regiment Troope or Company is already disbanded shall have his Accounts dated or receive any Pay other then as Captaine of such Troope or Company which are now left undisbanded and heretofore were part of Regiments already disbanded as aforesaid.

That the Pay-master Generali and Commissary of the Musters shall forthwith draw up an Account in a Booke or Bookes of all Moneys due to any Officer or Souldier now to be disbanded according to the Musters of them taken from the First of November to the First of Aprill One thousand six hundred seaventy nine and likewise an Account of all Moneys due to the Non Commission Officers and Souldiers from the said First day of Aprill inclusive to the First day of May next following exclusive.

That the Commissioners appointed by this Act for disbanding the said Forces shall at the rime and place erf disbanding call over every Officer and Souldier by the said Booke or Bookes soe drawne up by the said Pay-master and Commissary and soe many of the said Officers and Souldiers as shall then and there appeare (and noe other) except such as they shall be fully satisfyed by good proofe are absent by reason of death sicknes or otherwise, shall have what Moneyes by the said Muster Rolls and Bookes thereupon made shall appeare to be to them duet the Quarters for every such Officer and Souldier first deduded and alsoe the money for him or them respectively due for Cloathes.

31° Car. II. c. 1

933

That the Forces whether Hone Foote Dragoons or Granadeers that lye nearest to London shall be first disbanded and according to that Rule for all the rest of the Forces now to be disbanded.

That all the aforesaid Forces shall be disbanded in the Places where they shall be quartered at the time of their disbanding or within such a distance as the persons to whome money shall be due for their Quarters may reasonably come, of which place and the time of disbanding notice shall be given some reasonable time beforehand at the discretion of the Commissioners appointed to disband the said Forces.

Thar there shall be defalked out of the Pay of every Officer and Souldier soe much money as shall be made appeare to the Commissioners to be due from every such Officer and Souldier for his or their Quarters at the time of their disbanding And for the more speedy dispatch of this Service every Collonell Captaine or other Officer whose Troope or Company shall be concerned in paying for their Quarters shall doe their utmost endeavour to ascertaine the summes that shall be soe due against the day and time of their disbanding.

That in case any Troope or Company shall lye at such a distance as the Commissioners cannot with conveniency disband them in soe short a time as is desired in every such case the Commissioners or any two of them are hereby authorized under their Hands and Seales to direct some able and sufficient persons to disband them according to the Rules and Instructions herein contained.

That notice be given by the Commissioners appointed for disbanding the Forces to the Officers of the Ordnance at what time and place such Forces shall be disbanded to the intent that fitt persons may be appointed by the said Office to receive such Armes and Ammunition as shall be delivered up at the time of their disbanding for which Aimes and other things in particular soe delivered up a Receipt shall be then given by the person deputed by the said Office of the Ordnance to receive the same unto the Collonell or other Superiour Commission Officer that shall be soe disbanded which Arms and Ammunition shall be delivered up before the Commissioners or any of them signe any Certificate or Debenter as aforesaid for the paying any of the Forces then to be disbanded.

That at the time and place where any such Forces shall be disbanded every Foote Souldier shall march away with his Cloathes, Sword, Belt and Snapsacke onely and every Horseman below the degree of a Commission Officer with his Horses, Sadies, Bridles Cloathes Swords and Belts onely and all Commission Officers shall march away with such Horses and Armes and other Accoutriments whatsoever as were not received out of his Majestyes Stores and all other Armes shall be then delivered up as is before directed.

That if any Officer or Souldier hereby appointed to be disbanded shall refuse to give obedience thereunto or disswade others from disbanding he or they shall forfeite their whole Arreares and be forthwith secured and proceeded against according to Law.

That all Sheriffes and all other his Majestyes Officers in every County be aiding and assisting to the Commissioners appointed for disbanding the Forces if thereunto required by the Commissioners or any one or more of them.

That one or more of the Commissioners for disbanding the Forces doe under his or their Hands and Seales give Certificates or Passes gratis at the time of disbanding to every Private Souldier whether Horse or Foote that shall desire them of his faithfull Service and that he or they may peaceably travell to their severall places of their last abode when he or they entred into this Service, at which place every such Soldier shall be received as an Inhabitant Any Law Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

That for the more speedy and effectuall paying and disbanding of the said Forces the said Commissioners may divide themselves if they shall thinke fitt and any one or more of the said Commissioners shall and have hereby full power to pay off and disband the said Souldiers according to the Rules and Directions appointed by this Act.

That such Souldiers as were Apprentices at the time of their being entertained in any Troope or Company shall upon such Certificate be redeved againe into the Service of the Master or Mistresse to whome they were bound as Apprentices and such Master or Mistresse is to allow the time of their being Soldiers upon their Indentures as if they had continued in such their Service and if the time of their Apprentiships be expired they shall be admitted to the Freedome of the respective Corporation City Company or Towne to which their respective Service former Residence or Indenture related and in case such Master or Mistresse doe refuse to ad mitt such Apprentice they shall deliver up their Indentures and all Bonds and Security in reference thereunto.

That every Officer or Souldier soe disbanded and haveing the money to him or them soe made appeare to be due paid or secured unto him or them or their Order and haveing Certificates delivered them by one or more of the Commissioners as is before directed shall forthwith repaire from the place of their respective disbanding to their owne habitations or places of abode.

That the Commissioners that is to say Sir Gilbert Gerard Baronet Colonell Roger Whidey Colonell John Birch and Sir Thomas Player Knight shall have and receive for their Paines and Charges for themselves and servants and all necessaries for this Service Two pence in the pound and noe more out of all such money as shall be issued by vertue of this Act and for the Uses therein expressed which the Lord Treasurer and Under Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized and required by their Warrant or Order to cause to be paid to the said Commissioners respectively.

That for the subsistence of every Foote Souldier or Foote Granadeer under the Degree of a Comission Officer and to the end that they may quietly and peaceably goe to their severall places of abode without doeing any prejudice to the Country the Commissioners nominated and appointed by this Act for disbanding the Forces are immediately after such Foote Souldiers shall be by them disbanded to pay to every such Souldier or their Order ten shillings as a free Gift over and above their respective Pay due to them at the time of their disbanding to the ends aforesaid.

Troops nearest to London to bejnrst disbanded.

Forces to be disbanded where quartered, kc. Notice of disbanding.

Money doe for Quarters to be defalked out of Biy.

Colonel, See. to ascertain Sums due.

Commissioners may authorize Persons to disband Troops.

Notice of disbanding to be given by Commissioners to Officers of Ordnance.

Receipt by Ordnance for Arms delivered up.

Clothes, Swords, Sec. allowed to disbanded Soldiers j and to Commission Officers.

Officers or Soldiers refusing to be disbanded, &c. Proceedings.

Sheriffs, kc. to be aiding.

Commissioners to

£'ve Passes to sbanded Soldiers.

Commissioners may divide themselves.

Soldiers that were Apprentices to be received by their Masters, Sec. who are to allow the Time;

and on Refusal Master to deliver up Indentures. Disbanded Soldiers being paid to repair to their Habitations.

Allowances to Commissioners to be paid by Warrant from Treasury.

Commissioners to pav to disbanded Soldiers I os. as a free Gift, over and above Fay.

ii E

31° Car. II. c. 1

A.D. 1679.

XXVIII.

Commission Officers, &c. exercising Command orer disbanded Men, or endeavouring to continue any of the said disbanded Regiments

together;

Premunire 16 R. II. c. 5. and disabled to sue, and otherwise as herein mentioned*

XXIX. Recital that several Officers and Soldiers who ought to have been disbanded pursuant to 30 C. II. c. 1. continued in Arms, &c.

Indemnity to such Officers and Soldiers,

on their disbanding pursuant to this

a a.

XXX. Recital of 30C.II. c. 1. §35.

and that the same was mistaken.

103,231.88.7^ to be assessed as if the said Mistake had not been made.

XXXI. Where Actions, See. commenced against Persons executing Act, they may plead the General Issue, and recover Treble Costs on Nonsuit, &c. of Plaintiff.

XXXII.

No Officer, &c. to quarter Soldiers on any Subject without his Consent, and any Subject may refuse to quarter Soldiers.

And bee it further enacted That all and every Commission Officer and Officers who shall exercise any power or authority over the Souldiers in their respective Regiments Troops or Companies after such Officer or Officers shall be paid off and disbanded by the said Commissioners or any one or more of them or by any person or persons by them or any one or more of them thereunto authorized and every person or persons that shall advise frame contrive countersigne or putt in execution any Proclamation Commission Ad Order or Command whatsoever for condnueing together any of the said Regiments Troops or Companies or parts of Regiments Troops or Companies after they shall be paid off and disbanded as aforesaid he or they soe offending shall incurr and sustaine the paines penalties and forfeitures limitted ordained and provided in and by the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the Sixteenth Yeare of King Richard the Second and shall from thenceforth be disabled dureing his life to sue or impleade any Person in any Action reall or personall or to make any Gift Grant Conveyance or other Disposition of any his Lands Tenements Hereditaments Goods or Chattelk which he hath* to his owne use either by Act executed in his life time or by his last Will or otherwise or to take any Gift Conveyance or Legade to his owne use and none of the said Souldiers or Non Commissioned Officers paid off and disbanded as aforesaid shall after the space of Fower and twenty houres after such disbanding continue together above Ten in Company.

And forasmuch as severall Officers and Souldiers who ought to have beene disbanded by vertue and in pursuance of an Act made in the Thirtyeth yeare of His Majestyes Raigne entituled An A & for granting a Supply to His Majesde of Six hundred nineteene thousand three hundred eighty eight pounds eleaven shillings and nine pence for disbanding the Army and other uses therein mentioned, did continue longer in Armes then the time therein limitted for their disbanding and some of them after such time limitted for their disbanding recruited and supplyed their respective Troops and Companies with Souldiers Bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all such Officers and Souldiers and every of them are hereby indempnifyed acquitted and discharged against the Kings Majestie His Heires and Successors and every of them of and from all Offences of which they may be charged for continueing in Armes as aforesaid or being mustred in any Troope or Company after their respective rime* for disbanding in the said Act limitted and alsoe for their illegall and undue Quartering or exacting Money for Subsistance or Quarters of or from any Inneholder Vintner Victualler Alehousekeeper or other Person or Persons whatsoever and none of the said Officers or Souldiers shall be at any time hereafter impeached in Body Lands or Goods for any thing by them done or executed contrary to the laste recited Act soe as such Officers and Souldiers doe disband and separate themselves according to the purporte true intent and meaneing of this Act.

And whereas by the said last recited Act it is directed That the summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds eight shillings and seaven pence halfe penny being the First of the Fower Quarterly Payments of the summe of Fower hundred and twelve thousand nine hundred twenty five pounds

fowerteene shillings and six pence thereby granted shall bee assessed collected levyed and paid unto the Receivers

Generali of the severall Countyes therein named who shall be appointed by His Majestie on or before the Fower and twentyeth day of May One thousand six hundred seaventy and eight which was mistaken it being intended that the same should have beene assessed collected levyed and paid on or before the Fower and twentyeth day of May One thousand six hundred seaventy and nine Bee it enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the said summe of One hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty one pounds right shillings seaven pence halfe-peny shall be assessed collected levyed and paid to the Receivers Generali of the severall Countyes in the said Act mentioned on or before the Fower and twentyeth day of May One thousand six hundred seaventy and nine in

such manner as the same ought to have beene done if noe such mistake had beene made Any thing in the said

Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And bee it further enacted That if any Action Suite Plaint or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall doe in pursuance or in execution of this Act such person or persons soe sued in any Court whatsoever shall or may pleade the Generali Issue Not Guilty, and upon any Issue joyned may give this Act and the speciall matter in Evidence and if the Plaintiffe or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuite or forbeare further prosecution or suffer discontinuance or if a Verdict passe against him the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble Costs for which they shall have the like remedy as in any case where Costs by Law are given to Dependents.

And whereas by the Lawes and Customes of this Realme the Inhabitants thereof cannot be compelled against their wills to receive Souldiers into their Houses and to sojoume them there Bee it declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe Officer Military or Civill nor any other person whatever shall from henceforth presume to place quarter or billet any Souldier or Souldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realme of any degree quality or profession whatever without his consent And that it shall and may be lawfull for every such Subject and Inhabitant to refuse to sojoume or quarter any Souldier or Souldiers notwithstanding any Command Order (*) or Billetting whatever.

1 Warrant 0.

A.D. 1679

31° Car. II. c. 2.

935

CHAPTER H.

An Act for the better secureing the Liberty of the Subject and for Prevention of Imprisonments beyond Roi.Parh 31 C.IL

the Seas. w

XT THE RE AS great Delayes have beene used by Sheriffes Goalers and other Officers to whose Custody any of Vf the Kings Subjects have beene committed for criminall or supposed criminall Matters in makerng Retumes of Writts of Habeas Corpus to them directed by standing out an Alias and Pluries Habeas Corpus and sometimes more and by other shifts to avoid their yeilding Obedience to such Writts contrary to their Duty and the knowne Lawes of the Land whereby many of the Kings Subjects have beene and hereafter may be long detained in Prison in such Cases where by Law they are baylable to their great charge and vexation. For the prevention whereof and the more speedy Releife of all persons imprisoned for any such criminall or supposed criminall Matters Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesde by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie thereof That whensoever any person or persons shall bring any Habeas Corpus directed unto any Sheriffe or Sheriffes Goaler Minister or other Person whatsoever for any person in his or their Custody and the said Writt shall be served upon the said Officer or left at the Goale or Prison with any of the Under Officers Underkeepers or Deputy of the said Officers or Keepers that the said Officer or Officers his or their Under Officers Under-Keepers or Deputyes shall within Three dayes after the Service thereof as aforesaid (unlesse the Committment aforesaid were for Treason or Fellony plainely and specially expressed in the Warrant of Committment) [upon Payment or Tender of the Charges of bringing the said Prissoner to be ascertained by the Judge or Court that awarded the same and endorsed upon the said Writt not exceeding Twelve pence per Mile1] and upon Security given by his owne Bond to pay the Charges of carrying backe the Prisoner if he shall bee remanded by the Court or Judge to which he shall be brought according to the true intent of this present Act and that he will not make any escape by the way make Retume of such Writt [or1] bring or cause to be brought the Body of the Partie soe committed or restrained unto or before the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being or the Judges or Barons of the said Court from whence the said Writt shall issue or unto and before such other person [and3] persons before whome the said Writt is made returnable according to the Command thereof, and shall [likewise then4] certifie the true causes of his Detainer or Imprisonment unlesse the Committment of the said Partie be in any place beyond the distance of Twenty miles from the place or places where such Court or Person is or shall be resideing and if beyond the distance of Twenty miles and not above One hundred miles then within the space of Ten dayes and if beyond the distance of One hundred miles then within the space of Twenty dayes after such (s) delivery aforesaid and not longer.

[And to the intent that noe Sheriffe Goaler or other Officer may pretend ignorance of the import of any such Writt Bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That all such Writts shall be marked in this manner Per Statutum fricesimo primo Caroli Secundi Regis and shall be signed by the person that awards the same1] And if any person or persons shall be or stand committed or detained as aforesaid for any Crime unlesse for Treason or Fellony plainely expressed in the Warrant of Committment in the Vacation time and out of Terme it shall and may be lawfull to and for the person or persons soe committed or detained (other then persons Convict or in Execution) by legall Processe or any one [in6] his or their behalfe to appeale or complaine to the Lord Chauncellour or Lord Keeper or any one of His Majestyes Justices [either7] of the one Bench or of the other or the Barons of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coife and the said Lord Chauncellor Lord Keeper Justices or Barons or any of them upon view of the Copy or Copies of the Warrant or Warrants of Committment and Detainer or otherwise upon Oath made that such Copy or Copyes were denyed to be given by such person or persons in whose Custody the Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained are hereby authorized and required [upon Request made in Writeing by such person or persons or any on his her or their behalfe attested and subscribed by two Witnesses [that8] were present at the delivery of the same1] to award and grant an Habeas Corpus under the Seale of such Court whereof he shall then be one of the Judges to be directed to the Officer or Officers in whose Custodie the Party soe committed or detained shall be returnable immediate before the said [Lord Chauncellor or7] Lord Keeper or such Justice Baron or any other Justice or Baron of the Degree of the Coife of any of the said Courts and upon Service thereof as aforesaid the Officer or Officers his or their Under-Officer or Under Officers Under Keeper or Under Keepers or [their9] Deputy in whose custodie the Partie is soe committed or detained shall within the times respectively before limitted [bring such Prisoner or Prisoners7] before the sd Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper or such Justices Barons or one of them [before whome the said Writt is made returnable and in case of his absence before any other of them1] with the Retume of such Writt and the true Causes of the Committment and Detainer and thereupon within two dayes after the Partie shall be brought before them the said Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper or such Justice or Baron before whome the Prisoner shall be brought as aforesaid shall discharge the said Prisoner from his Imprisonment takeing his or their Recognizance with one or more Suretie or Sureties in any summe according to their discretions haveing reguard to the quality of the Prisoner and nature of the Offence for his or their appearance in the Court of Kings Bench the Terme following or at the next Assizes Sessions or Generali Goale-Delivery of and for such County City or Place where the Committment was or where the Offence was committed or in such other Court where the said Offence is properly cognizable as the Case shall require and then shall certifie the said Writt with the Retume thereof and the said Recognizance or Recognizances into the said Court where such Appearance is to

Recital that Delays had been used by Sheriffs in making Returns of Writs of Habeas Corpus, &c.

Sheriff, &c. within Three Days after Service of Habeas Corpus, with the Exception of Treason and Felony, as and under the Regulations herein mentioned, to bring up the Body before the Court to which the Writ is returnable;

and certify the true Causes of Imprisonment.

Exceptions in reaped of Distance.

II.

How Writs to be marked.

Persons committed, except for Treason and Felony, Sec. may appeal to the Lord Chancellor,

& c.

Proceedings

thereon.

Habeas Corpus may be awarded;

and upon Service thereof the Officer to bring up the Prisoners as before mentioned

and thereupon within Two Days Lord Chancellor, See. may discharge uponRecognizance;

and certify the Writ with the Return and Recognizance.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. * and 0.

• the 0. • on. * interlined on the Roll.

J or 0. 4 then likewise O.

9 who O, 9 0. omits.

31° Car. II. c.2

A.D. 1679

Proviso for Process not bailable.

m.

Habeas Corpus not gran ted in Vacation to Prisoners who have neglected to pray the same.

iv.

Officer neulecting, Acc. to make the said Returns, Arc.

or upon Demand to deliver a Copy of Warrant of Commitment;

First Offence, Penalty j£ioo. Second Offence, S&20O and Incapacity.

Judgment at Suit of Party sufficient Conviction.

be made unlesse it shall appeare unto the said Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper or Justice or Justices [or1]] Baron or Barons that the Party soe committed is detained upon a legall Processe Order or Warrant out of some Court that hath Jurisdiction of Criminall Matters or by some Warrant signed and sealed with the Hand and Seale of any of the said Justices or Barons or some Justice or Justices of the Peace for such Matters or Offences for the which by the Law the Prisoner is not Baileable.

[ProviDin alwayes and bee it enacted That if any person shall have wilfully neglected by the space of two whole Termes after his Imprisonment to pray a Habeas Corpus for his Enlargement such person soe wilfully neglectmg shall not have any Habeas Corpus to be granted in Vacation time in pursuance of this Act.1]

And bee it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any Officer or Officers his or their Under-Officer or Under-Officers Under-Keeper or Under-Keepers or Deputy shall neglect or refuse to make the Retumes aforesaid or to bring the Body or Bodies of the Prisoner or Prisoners according to the Command of the said Writt within the respective times aforesaid or upon Demand made by the Prisoner or Person in his behalfe shall refuse to deliver or within the space of Six houres after demand shall not deliver to the person soe demanding a true Copy of the Warrant or Warrants of Committment and Detayner of such Prisoner, which he and they are hereby required to deliver accordingly all and every the Head Goalers and Keepers of such Prisons and such other person in whose Custodie the Prisoner shall be detained shall for the first Offence forfeite to the Prisoner or Partie grieved die surame of One hundred pounds and for the second Offence the summe of Two hundred pounds and shall and is hereby made incapeable to hold or execute his said Office^ the said Penalties to be recovered by the Prisoner or Partie grieved his Executors or Administrators against such Offender his Executors or Administrators by any Action of Debt Suite Bill Plaint or Information in any of the Kings Courts at Westminster wherein noe Essoigne Protection Privfledge Injunction Wager of Law or stay of Prosecution by Non vult ulterius prosequi or otherwise shall bee admitted or allowed or any more then one Imparlance, and any Recovery or Judgement at the Suite of any Partie grieved shall be a sufficient Conviction for the first Offence and any after Recovery or Judgement at the Suite of a Partie grieved for any Offence after the first Judgement shall bee a sufficient Conviction to bring the Officers or Person within the said Penalde for the second Offence.

V.

Proviso as to Imprisonment of Party after having been set at large upon Habeas Corpus.

Unduly recommitting such discharged Persons or assisting therein j

Penalty to the Party jPjoo.

And for the prevention of unjust vexation by reiterated Committments for the same Offence Bee it ffiafted by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe person or persons which shall be delivered or sett at large upon any Habeas Corpus shall at any time hereafter bee againe imprisoned or committed for the same Offence by any person or persons whatsoever other then by the legall Order and Processe of such Court wherein he or they shall be bound by Recognizance to appeare or other Court haveing Jurisdiction of the Cause and if any other person or persons shall knowingly contrary to this Act recommitt or imprison or knowingly procure or cause to be recommitted or imprisoned for the same Offence or pretended Offence any person or persons delivered or sett at large as aforesaid or be knowingly aiding or assisting therein then he or they shall forfeite to the Prisoner or Party grieved the summe of Five hundred pounds Any colourable pretence or variation in the Warrant or Warrants of Committment notwithstanding to be recovered as aforesaid.

VI.

If Persons committed for High Tretson or Felony plainly expressed in Warrant shall not on Petition be indicted as herein mentioned. Judges, Ate. may discharge upon Bail;

Proviso)

and if not indicted and tried as herein mentioned then to be discharged.

VII. Proviso respecting Persons charged m Debt, Acc.

Provided alwayes and bee it further enacted That if any person or persons shall be committed for High Treason or Tellony plainely and specially expressed in the Warrant of Committment upon his Prayer or Petition in open Court the first Weeke of the Terme or first day of the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or Generali Goale Delivery to be brought to his Tryall shall not be indicted sometime in the next Terme Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or Generali Goale Delivery after such Committment it shall and may be lawfoll to and for the Judges of the Court of Kings Bench and Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Generali Goale Delivery and they are hereby required upon motion to them made in open Court the last day of the Terme Sessions or Goale-Delivery either by the Prisoner or any one in his behalfe to sett at Liberty the Prisoner upon Baile unlesse it appeare to the Judges and Justices upon Oath made that the Witnesses for the King could not be produced the Terme Sessions or Generali Goale-Delivery. And if any person or persons committed as aforesaid upon his Prayer or Petition in open Court the first weeke of the Terme or first day of the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Goale Delivery to be brought to his Tryall shall not be indicted and tryed the second Terme Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or Generali Goale Delivery after his Committment or upon his Tryall shall be acquitted he shall be discharged from his Imprisonment.

[Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act shall extend to discharge out of Prison any person charged in Debt or other Action or with Processe in any Civill Cause but that after he shall be discharged of his Imprisonment for such his Criminall Offence he shall be kept in Custodie according to Law for such other Suite.1]

Per»on7comxniued Provided alwaies and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid That if any person or persons Subject of for criminal Matter this Realme shall be committed to [any,1 Prison or in Custodie of any Officer or Officers whatsoever for any

DOt to be ItlDOTCd ™ ^ s

but by Habeas Criminall or supposed Criminall matter That the said person shall not be removed from the said Prison and

c^other Custody into the Custody of any other Officer or Officers unlesse it be by Habeas Corpus or some other Legall

Writt cr where the Prisoner is delivered to the Constable or other inferiour Officer to carry such Prisoner to some Common Goale or where any person is sent by Order of any Judge of Assize or Justice of the Peace to any common Worke-house or House of Correction or where the Prisoner is removed from one Prison or place to another within the same County in order to his or her Tryall or Discharge in due course of Law or in

A.D. 1679.

31° Car. II. c. 2.

937

of suddaine Fire or Infection or other necessity1] and if any person or persons shall after such Committment aforesaid make out and signe or countersigne any Warrant or Warrants for such removeall aforesaid contrary to this Act as well he that makes or signes or countersignes such Warrant or Warrants as the Officer or Officers that obey or execute the same shall suffer and incurr the Paines and Forfeitures in this Act before-mentioned both for the first and second Offence respectively to be recovered in manner aforesaid by the Parde grieved.

Provided alsoe and bee it further enacted by the Aulhoritie aforesaid That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any Prisoner and Prisoners as aforesaid to move and obtaine his or their Habeas Corpus as well out of the High Court of Chauncery or Court of Exchequer as out of the Courts of Kings Bench or Common Pleas or either of them And if the said Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper or any Judge or Judges Baron or Barons for the time being of the Degree of the Coife of any of the Courts aforesaid in the Vacation time upon view of the Copy or Copies of the Warrant or Warrants of Committment or Detainer or upon Oath made that such Copy or (*) Copyes were denyed as aforesaid shall deny any Writt of Habeas Corpus by this Act required to be granted being moved for as aforesaid they shall sevendly forfeite to the Prisoner or Partie grieved the summe of Five hundred pounds to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

And bee it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid That an Habeas Corpus according to the true intent and meaning of this Act may be directed and runn into any County Palatine The Cinque Ports or other priviledged Places within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede and the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey Any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for preventing illegall Imprisonments in Prisons beyond the Seas Bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That noe Subject of this Realme that now is or hereafter shall be an Inhabitant or Resiant of this Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede shall or may be sent Prisoner into Scotland Ireland Jersey Gaumsey Tangeir or into any Parts Garrisons Islands or Places beyond the Seas which are or at any time hereafter [shall beJ] within or without the Dominions of His Majestie His Heires or Successors and that every such Imprisonment is hereby enacted and adjudged to be illegall and that if any of the said Subjects now is or hereafter shall bee soe imprisoned [every such person and persons soe imprisoned J] shall and may for every such Imprisonment maintaine by vertue of this Act an Action or Actions of false Imprisonment in any of His Majestyes Courts of Record against the person or persons by whome he or she shall be soe committed detained imprisoned sent Prisoner or transported contrary to the true meaning of this Act and against all or any person or persons that shall frame contrive write seale or countersigne any Warrant or Writeing for such Committment Detainer Imprisonment or Transportation or shall be adviseing aiding or assisting in the same or any of them and the Plaintiffe in every such Action shall have Judgement to recover his treble Costs besides Damages which Damages soe to be given shall not be lesse then Five hundred pounds In which Action noe delay stay or stopp of Proceeding by Rule Order or Command nor noe Injunction Protection or Priviledge whatsoever nor any more then one Imparlance shall be allowed [excepting such Rule of the Court wherein the Action shall depend made in open Court as shall bee thought in Justice necessary for speciall cause to be expressed in the said Rule'] and the person or persons who shall knowingly frame contrive write seale or countersigne any Warrant for such Committment Detainer or Transportation or shall soe committ detaine imprison or transport any person or persons contrary to this Act or be any wayes adviseing aiding or assisting therein being lawfully convicted thereof shall be disabled from thenceforth to beare any Office of Trust or Proffitt within the said Realme of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede or any of the Islands Territories or Dominions thereunto belonging and shall incurr and sustaine the Paines Penalties and Forfeitures limitted ordained and provided in(4) the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the Sixteenth yeare of King Richard the Second and be incapeable of any Pardon from the King His Heires or Successors of the said Forfeitures Losses or Disabilities or any of them.

[Provided alwayes That nothing in this Act shall extend to give benefitt to any person who shall by Contract in writeing agree with any Merchant or Owner of any Plantation or other person whatsoever to be transported to any parts beyond Seas and receive earnest upon such Agreement although that afterwards such person shall renounce such Contract.*]

Provided alwayes and bee it enacted That if any person or persons lawfully convicted of any Felony shall in open Court pray to be transported beyond the Seas and the Court shall thinke fitt to leave him or them in Prison for that purpose such person or persons may be transported into any parts beyond the Seas This Act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That nothing herein contained shall be deemed construed or taken to extend to the Imprisonment of any person before the First day of June One thousand sixe hundred seaventy and nine or to any thing advised procured or otherwise done relateing to such Imprisonment Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Unduly miking out, See. Warrant for Remoral j

Penalty.

IX.

Proviio for Application for and granting Habeas Corpus in Vacation-time.

Lord Chancellor, See. unduly denying Writ;

Penalty to Party *£500.

X.

Habeas Corpus may be direaed into Counties Palatine, &c.

XI.

No Subject to be sent IVaoner into Scotl tnd, &:c. or any Parts beyond the Seas.

Persons so imprisoned may maintain Action against the Person committing or otherwise acting in respect thereof, as herein mentioned

Treble Costs and Damages;

and the Person so committing or acting disabled from Office, and incur Premunire 16R.ll. c.5.

and be incapable of Pardon.

XII. Proviso for Contracts for Transportation:

XIII.

And for Transportation of Persons convicted of Felony and praying to be transported.

XIV. Proviso respeding Imprisonment ot Persons before lit June 1679.

Provided alsoe That if any person or persons at any time resiant in this Realme shall have committed any Capitall Offence in Scotland or Ireland or any of the Islands or Forreigne Plantations of the King His Heires or Successors where he or she ought to be tryed for such Offence such person or persons may be sent to such place there to receive such Tryall in such manner as the same might have beene used before the makeing of this Act Any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV.

Proviio for tending Persons to be tried in Places where any Capital Offence committed.

II F

31° Car. II. c. % 3.

A.D. 1679.

XVI. Limitation of Prosecution for Offences against this Act.

XVII. After Assizes proclaimed, no Person to be removed from Common Gaol upon Habeas Corpus, but brought before Judge of Assize.

XVIII. After Assizes Persons detained may have Habeas Corpus.

XIX.

In Informations, &c. brought for Offence against this Law ; General Issue.

XX. Proviso as to Removal or Bail of Persons charged as Accessories before the Fad to Petty Treason or Felony.

Rot. Parl. 31 C. II. nu. 3.

Recital that by the Fire in the Temple several Records of Fines had been burnt, &c.

and that the said Fines had duly past all the Offices, otc. and that by reason of the said Loss Purchasers’ Titles were liable to be impeached, &c.

Chirographer to certify to Justices of C. P. a Note of such Fines entered.

Copy of such Certificate to be set up in the said Court, and Transcripts of Fines in each County missing sent to Sheriffs, who are to set the same up at the next Summer Assizes or Michaelmas Quarter Sessions.

Provided alsoe and bee it enacted That noe person: Or persons shall be sued impleaded molested or troubled for any Offence against this Act unlesse the Parde offending be sued or impleaded for the same within Two yearet at the most after such dme wherein the Offence shall be committed [in case the parde grieved shall not be then in Prison and if he shall be in Prison then within the space of Two yeares*] after the decease of the Person imprisoned or his or her delivery out of Prison which shall first happen.

And to the intent noe person may avoid his Tryall at the Assizes or Generali Goale-Delivery by procuring his Removeall before the Assizes at such dme as he cannot be brought backe to receive his Tryall there Bee it enacted That after the Assizes proclaimed for that County where the Prisoner is detained noe person shall be removed from the Common Goale upon any Habeas Corpus granted in pursuance of this Act but upon any such Habeas Corpus shall be brought before the Judge of Assize in open Court who is thereupon to doe what to Jusdce shall appertaine.

Provided neverthelesse That after the Assizes are ended any person or persons detained may have his or her Habeas Corpus according to the Direction and Intendon of this Act.

And bee it also enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That if any Information Suite or Action shall be brought

or exhibited against any person or persons for any Offence committed or to be committed against the Forme of this Law it shall be lawfull for such Defendants to pleade the Generali Issue that they are not guilty or that they owe nothing and to give such speciall matter in Evidence to the Jury that shall try the same which matter being pleaded had beene good and sufficient matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants against the said Information Suite or Action and the said matter shall be then as availeable to him or them to all intents and purposes as if he or they had sufficiendy pleaded sett forth or alledged the same matter in Barr or Discharge of such Information Suite or Action.

And because many times Persons charged with Petty Treason or Felony or as Accessaries thereunto are committed upon Suspicion onely whereupon they are Baileable or not according as the Circumstances makeing out that Suspicion are more or lesse weighty which are best knowne to the Justices of Peace that committed the persons and have the Examinations before them or to other Justices of the Peace in the County Bee it therefore enacted That where any person shall appeare to be committed by any Judge or Justice of the Peace and charged as

Accessary before the Fast to any Petty Treason or Felony or upon Suspicion thereof or with Suspicion of Petty

Treason or Felony which Petty Treason or Felony shall be plainely and specially expressed in the Warrant of Committment that such Person shall not be removed or bailed by vertue of this Act or in any other manner then they might have beene before the makeing of this Act.

CHAPTER III.

An Act for reingrossing of the Records of Fines burnt or lost in the late Fire in the Temple.

WHEREAS by the late dreadfull Fire in the Temple London the Office of the Chirographer of Fines of the Court of Common Pleas there kept was soe suddainely burnt downe that although all possible endeavours were used for the Preservation of the Records of Fines there remaineing from the said Fire neverthelesse severall Records of Fines engrossed of Trinity and Michaelmas Terme last were either consumed [in1] the said Fire or lost in the hasty removeing of the said Records and are not to befound And whereas the said Fines soe burnt or lost had duely past all the Offices soe that by the Records of the Kings Silver the Notes of the Cursitor that made out the Writts of Covenant and the Entryes thereof at the Office of Alienation and by the Booke of Entryes of Fines kept by the Chirographers Deputy and the severall Indentures and Exemplifications delivered out to the Partyes and by diverse other Entryes and Notes upon such Fines taken the full Contents of all such Fines upon Examination will evidently appeare Neverthelesse for want of the Records of the said Fines burnt or lost as aforesaid diverse Purchasers and others whose Titles were secured by and under the said Fines are in danger to have the same impeached unlesse some speedy Remedy be taken herein. For Remedy whereof Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by and with the Authoritie of the same That the said Chirographer or his Deputy shall before the end of Trinity Terme next upon Oath certifie to the Justices of the Common Pleas a Note of all such Fines entred into the said Booke kept by the said Deputy that he upon diligent Search shall finde were either burnt or lost by reason of the said Fire, which Certificate is to be in Parchment fairely written and a Copy thereof sett up in Westminster Hall in some publique place neere the said Court of Common Pleas there to remaine dureing the Fower next Termes after the said Certificate made as aforesaid and alsoe Transcripts shall be made of the said Certificate by the said Chirographer of all the Fines in every County that are missing and the same delivered to the respective Sherifies of every County or their Deputyes within a weeke after the end of the said Trinity Terme next who are required to cause the same to be sett up at the next Summer Assizes and if noe such Assizes be held then at the next Generali Quarter Sessions of the Peace after Michaelmas next in some Publique place where such Assizes or Quarter Sessions shall bee held and there to continue dureing the said Assizes or Quarter Sessions to the end all persons concerned may have thereof timely and due notice.

1 annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

• by 0.

A.D. 1679.

31° Car. II. c. 3

939

And bee it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaid That at any time within the space of Three yeares now next ensueing the Cheife Justice of the said Court of Common Pleas together with any one or more of the Justices of the said Court shall have power and are hereby required in or out of Terme to send for any Officers Records Bookes Entryes or other ' matter or thing relateing to the said Fines as to them shall seerae meete for their fuller Information in the Premisses and upon full Examination by them taken of and concerning any such Fine the Records whereof were burnt or lost as aforesaid [by such wayes or meanes as they shall thinke fitt1] for the better discovery of the full Contents of such Fines they shall direct the said Chirographer or his Deputie to new engrosse the Note and Foote of such Fines which the said Chirographer is hereby required to doe without Fee and after such Note and Foote engrossed to carry the same before the said Cheife Justice and such other of the said Justices that shall have taken the Examinations concerning the burning or losse of the said Fine or Fines who are required to subscribe their Names at the bottome of the said Note and Foote with these words being engrossed next above such Subscription, Ingross: secundum formam Statuti de Anno Tricesimo primo Caroli Secundi Regis. And thereupon the Foote of such Fine and Fines soe new ingrossed with the Proclamations thereof of that Terme and of the Three subsequent Termes thereupon endorsed shall be delivered to and filed by the Custos Brevium of the said Court amongst the Foote of Fines of the same Terme and the Notes thereof soe new engrossed to be filed by the said Chirographer amongst the Notes of Fines of the same Terme.

And it is hereby further enacted That every such Fine and Fines the Records whereof being soe new ingrost as aforesaid shall be of the same force and effect as if the Writt of Covenant Writt of Dedimus Potestatem where such Fine was taken by Commission with the Concord, Foote and Note of the said Fine or Fines had still remained upon Record unconsumed or not lost and that noe such Fine shall at any time hereafter be avoided or reversed for lacke of any Writt of Covenant Writt of Dedimus Potestatem, Concord or other Record consumed or lost by the said Fire, and that upon any Writt or Writts of Error hereafter at any time to be brought for the reversing of any such Fine the Custos Brevium and Chirographer shall together with the Note and Foote of such Fine certifie the said Subscription of the said Cheife Justice or other Justice or Justices of the said Court to the end it may appeare to the Judges before whome such Writt of Error shall depend that the same Fine was new ingrossed by vertue of this AS.

And bee it further enabled by the Authoritie aforesaid That noe person or persons shall take any Fee or Reward for any thing by him or them to be done in the Execution of this AS.

II.

Chief with other Justice* of the said Court to send for and examine Officers, Records, Ate. and direct Chirographer to new engross the Note and Foot of Fines, &c. without Fee. Proceedings thereon.

III.

Such Fines to be of Force as if the Writ of Covenant, Arc. had remained upon Record

and not hereafter be avoided or reveised for lack of any Writ of Covenant, Arc. Custos Brevium and Chirographer to certify Subscription of Chief Justice, Arc.

IV.

No Fees.

ITEM queda Petitiones privatas personas concernentes in se forma A&us continentes exhibite fuerunt predifto Domino Regi in Parliament) predi&o quorum Tituli subscribuntur (videlicet)

4. An Act to confirme certaine Leases made by John Drake and others and to enable Sir Francis Drake to make a Joynture and raise Portions for his Daughter* and younger Children.

5. An Act for Sale of the Lands late of Charles Dale of the County of Rutland Esquire deceased for payment of his Debts and Provision for his Daughters and Coheires.

1 interlined on the Roll.

( 940 )

Anno 32° CAROLI, II. A.D. 1680.

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT Summoned to be holden at Westminster, the Seventeenth Day of October, In the THIRTY-FIRST Year of the Reign of K. CHARLES the Second, But by several Prorogations continued to the Twenty-First Day of October, In the THIRTY-SECOND Year of the same King,

And from thence continued until the Tenth Day of January

Then next ensuing.

Rot. Pari,

3* C.II.(■)

Recital of 30 C. II. c-3- iS-

Reasons for passing this Act.

Where no Justice resides or is found in the Parish of Burial, the Parson, Vicar, and Curate (Exception) may take Affidavit of Burial in Woollen only.

Affidavit taken by Parson, See, as effectual as by 30C. II. C.J. $5.

€x ftotulo laarUamentt De anno iRegnt ttegte Caroli aecuntt,

Xricesimo $ecunfto.

In PARLIAMENTO summonif ad inchoand apud Westmonasteriu Dedmo-sepdmo Die Oftobris Anno Regni Serenissimi Domini nostri Caroli Secundi Dei Gratia Anglie Scotie Francie et Hibemie Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Tricesimo primo sed per seperales Prorogationes usq> ad et in Vicesimu primu Die Oftobris Anno Regni disti Domini Regis Tricesimo-secundo et abinde usq> Decimum die Januarij tunc proxime sequent continual Comm uni omniu Dominoru tarn Spiritualiu qua Temporaliu et Communitatis Consensu et Regie Majestatis Assensu sancita inaftitata et stabilita fuerunt hec sequentia Statuta (vi2t)

CHAPTER I.

An Additionall Act for burying in Woollen.

WHEREAS in one Act of Parliament passed in the thirtyeth yeare of his Majestyes Raigne that now is endtuled An Act for burying in Woollen it was amongst other things enacted and ordained That the Affidavits which were to be made of any persons being interred in Woollen according to the directions in the said Act should be made or taken before some one Jusdce of the Peace or Master of Chauncery Ordinary or Extraordinary Maior Bayliffe or other Chiefe Officer of the City County Burrough Corporation or Market Towne in the County where the said parde was buryed who are thereby authorized and required to administer the said Oath and to attest the same under their Hands upon such Affidavit grads. And whereas by reason of the distance of the Habitations of the persons before whome such Affidavit is to be made and other accidents diverse persons who have had occasion to make such Affidavits have beene necessitated to travell many miles for the makeing thereof to their great losse of time and hinderance of their other Affaires Bee it therefore enacted and it is hereby enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestic by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That from and after the second day of February in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred and eighty (where noe Justice of Peace shall reside or be to be found in any Parish where any party shall be interred) the said Oathes or Affidavits may be administred not onely by any Justice of the Peace or Master of Chauncery Ordinary or Extraordinary Maior Bayliffe or other Chiefe Officer of the City, County, Burrough Corporation or Market Towne in the County where any party was buryed but alsoe that the Parsons Vicars and Curates in every Parish or Chappell of Ease within the County where any party shall be interred (except onely the Parson Vicar and Curate of the Parish or Chappell of Ease where the partie is interred concerning whose Interment in Woollen such Affidavit is to be made) be and are hereby authorized and required to administer the said Oathes or Affidavits and to attest the same under their Hands gratis, And that every such Affidavit taken before them shall be of like force and effect as if the same had beene taken and administred by the persons authorized to administer the same by the Act aforesaid.

1 The Acts on this Roll are not numbered.

A.D. 1680.

32° Car. II. c. 2.

941

CHAPTER 0.

An Act prohibiting the Importation of Cade from Ireland.

Rti. PsrL jt C. II.

TWHEREAS an Act of Parlyament was made in the eighteenth yeare of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord R«ciul of

W the King that now is intituled An Act against importing Cattell from Ireland and other parts beyond ^(,®*,9)C.II. the Seas and Fish taken by Foreigners, which was to continue undll the end of seaven yeares and from thence to the end of the first Session of the next Parlyament which is now expired. And forasmuch as by long experience the said Law hath beene found to be very beneficiall to this Kingdome Bee it enacted by the i8(i8& 19)C.1I. Kings most excellent Majesde by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the cmtioued^ Commons in this present Parlyament assembled and by the authoritie of the same That the said Act and every forever.

Clause Article and Thing therein contained together with the additions and alterations herein after mentioned and expressed shall from and after the second day of February which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God one thousand six hundred and eighty be revived continue and remaine and is hereby revived and continued in force to all intents construftions and purposes for ever.

And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That not onely the Constables Officers and Inhabitants II*

mentioned in the aforesaid recited Act but any and every other person and persons whatsoever shall and may take ^ize frith^Cttdl and seize in any place or places whatsoever the Cattell and Goods imported contrary to the said recited Act and an<i Good*imported that all and every such person and persons that shall seize as aforesaid shall from time to time have the benefit 18 (18 & 19) C.1I. and advantage hereafter given by this Act to any Seizor or Seizors whatsoever. c#1*

And to prevent all fraudulent Seizures Sales and Compositions to be made by any person or persons ^zor tJ^‘use ^ whatsoever in any Parish or Place whatsoever where any great Cattell Sheepe or Swine shall be imported or Cattle, &c. to be found contrary to this or the Act aforesaid and to make the Prohibitions therein more effectuall Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That all and every the respective Seizor or Seizors of such Cattel Sheepe or Swine shall within six dayes after Conviction and Forfeiture thereof cause the said Cattel Sheepe and Swine to be killed and the Hides and Tallow of such great Cattel Sheepe and Swine shall be and remaine to the use of the said Seizor or Seizors and the remainder of the said great Cattel Sheepe and Swine shall be forthwith distributed amongst the How distributed. Poore of the said Parish by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore there or some of them upon notice thereof to be given them or any of them by such Seizor or Seizors as aforesaid any thing in the said former Law or any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Alnd bee it further enacted That in case the said Seizor or Seizors or the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore shall faile in their respective Dutyes in the Execution of this Act they and every of them respectively shall forfeite the summe of forty shillings for every one of the great Cattell and ten shillings for every Sheepe or Swine which should have beene killed and distributed as aforesaid one moyety thereof to the Poore of the said Parish and the other moyetie to the Informer the same to be levyed by distresse and sale of the Goods and Chattells of the person or persons soe offending by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of any Justice of the Peace of the said County or Place where the said Offence shall be committed upon confession of the Party view of the said Justice or Oath thereof made before such Justice by one or more credible Witnesse or Witnesses other then the Informer Which Oath the said Justice hath hereby power to administer rendring the overplus to the Owners thereof necessary Charges of distraining being first deducted, And for want of such Distresse the said Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Goale of the said County or Place there to remaine for the space of three monthes without Baile or Mainprize.

IV.

Seizort, Church-wtrdens, Sc. neglecting j

Penalty j

levied by Dittmt.

For Want of Dia-tresa. Imprisonment for Three Months.

Provided alwaies and bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That neither this Act nor any other Act V.

y Proviso for

whatsoever heretofore made shall either hinder or be construed to extend to hinder the Importation of Stockefish jmporUtiou of

or live Eeles into this Kingdome of England but that it shall and may be lawfull to and for all and every person StockJPish and

and persons whatsoever to import into this Kingdome of England any Stock-fish or live Eeles as aforesaid Any thing in this Act or any other Law Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas the present Lawes doe not sufficiently provide against the Importation of Mutton and Lambe out VI.

of Ireland and other parts beyond the Seas into this Kingdome but that great quantities thereof are dayly imported im^rted7o^mb and sold to the great losse and prejudice of this Kingdome Bee it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaid «po»ed to S»le, That from and after the said second day of February noe Mutton or Lambe shall be imported into this Kingdome PeJdtL* *0!Wr from the Kingdome of Ireland or any forreigne parts And all Mutton or Lamb imported from Ireland or beyond the Seas or that shall be exposed to sale within this Kingdome shall be subject to the like Seizures and the Importers and Sellers thereof respectively to the like penalties as are provided or appointed in any former Law against any Importer or Seller or Importation of any Beefe, Porke or Bacon from the Kingdome of Ireland or any forreigne parts Any thing in this or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas the present Lawes doe not sufficiently provide against the Importation of Butter and Cheese out ^ VH>

of Ireland into this Kingdome but that great quantities thereof are dayly imported and sold to the great losse cheete imported

and prejudice of this Kingdome Bee it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaid That from and after the said l'*^ second day of February noe Butter or Cheese shall be imported into this Kingdome from the Kingdome of Ireland gale, subjea to

11 G

32° Car. II. c. 2.

A.D. 1680.

Penalties as for Importation, &c. of Beef, fee.

VUI. Seisnre may be in any Pariah into which Cattle removed.

IX.

English Cattle driven or intermixed with Irish Cattle to be seized as Irish.

X.

Proviso for Cattle in England before ad Fra. 1680.

And all Butter and Cheese imported from Ireland or that shall be exposed to sale within Kingdoms shall be subject to the like Seizures and the Importers or Sellers thereof respectively to the like penalties as are provided or appointed in any former Law against any Importer or Seller or Importation of any Beefe Bacon or Parke from the Kingdome of Ireland or any forreigne parts Any thing in this or any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the more effectuall execution of this and the aforesaid Act Bee it further pnaflpH by the authorise aforesaid That if any great Cattell Sheepe or Swine shall be once or oftner seized in persuance of this or the aforesaid Act and afterwards either by permission connivance negligence or otherwise shall be removed into and found alive in any Parish or place within the Kingdome of England Dominion of Wales or Towne of Berwicke upon Tweede other then such Parish or place wherein they shall have beene respectively seized That then the said Cattell Sheepe and Swine shall be lyable to like Seizure and the Seizor and Poore of the Parish or Place have like benefitt and advantage and the Cattell Sheepe and Swine be forfeited and the proofe be incumbent upon the Owner as if such Cattell had never before beene seized.

And whereas diverse persons on purpose to discourage others from makeing Seizure of Irish Cattell have intermixed some few English or other Cattell in droves of Irish Cattell and soe created many vexatious and chargeable Suites against those that have seized Irish Cattel in pursuance of the aforesaid Act Bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid That if any English or other Cattell driven or intermixed with Irish Cattell shall be seized together with them such Cattel soe intermixed and seized shall be deemed Irish Cattel and shall be subject to like forfeiture and be ordered and disposed of in all respects as if they were Irish Cattel and imported contrary to this and the aforesaid Act.

Provided That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to the Forfeiture or Seizing any Cattel that are or shall be in England before the said second day of February.

ITEM qucda Pedcb print peoH concerneS (in se forma Ados contmeS) exhibit fine Pdi&o DBo Regi in Barttamcoto

pdict cujua Titulua subacribitur (vi2t)

An Act for rectifying severaU Errors and Mistakes in the Marriage Setlement of Sir Charles Hoghtoc Barooet.

ena of the fttatntes of SUng duties the *eeono.

INDEX

[Index removed.]

LONDON: Printed by GEORGE EYRE and ANDREW STRAHAN, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. MDCCCXVIII.

