THE

STATUTES

OF

THE REALM.

PRINTED BY COMMAND

OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE THIRD.

IN PURSUANCE OF AN ADDRESS OF

THE HOUSE OF COMMONS OF GREAT BRITAIN.

From Original Records and Authentic Manuscripts.

VOLUME THE FOURTH.

PART II.

MDCCCXIX

CONTENTS

OF

THE FOURTH VOLUME.

PART II.

---

The Statutes

Of Queen Elizabeth. (An. 28—43.)

Of King James I.

Index of Principal Matters

in The Statutes contained in Volume IV.

( 765 )

Anno [28° &] 29° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1586 [& 1586-7.]

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE TWENTY-NINTH Day OF OCTOBER,

In the TWENTY-EIGHTH Year, and there continued Until and upon the Twenty-third Day of March next following, In the TWENTY-NINTH Year, of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

i&otulo |0arltamentt De anno regnt Ctoabet&e iRegtnt, 311iee0tino'octat)o et nono. (')

In PARLIAMENTO ten! apud Westm vicesimo nono die Octobris Anno Regni Dne nre Elizabeth, Dei gra Anglie Francie & Hibnie Regine Fidei Defensorsis vicesimo octavo, & ibidem continua! usq ad & in vicesimu Pdu diem Martij px seque et tunc dissolu!, Coi olm Dno£ tarn Spualiu q*m Temporaliu ac Coitatis consensu, & Regie Majestatis Assensu, Inactitat & Stabili! filer hec sequen Statuta. Viz.

Actes Publike.

1. An Acte for the Confirmactin of the Attaynders of Thomas late Lorde Pagett and others.

2. An Acte conceminge Errors in Recordes of Attayndors of Highe Treason.

3. An Acte to avoyde fraudulent Assuraunces made in &eyn [causes’3 by Traytors.

4. An Acte to phrent Extorcion in Shiriefff Under Sheriefff and Bayliffes of Fraunchesies or Libertyes in cases of Execucion.

5. An Acte for the contynnuance and pfectinge of div'se Statutf.

6. An Acte for the more speedie and due execucbn of c^teyne Braunches of the Statute made in the xxiij'1'

yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne, intytuled An Acte to reteyne the Quenes Majesties Subjectes in their due obeydience. (*)

1 This Roll is indorsed as follows:—Rotut Parliament de anno regni Regine Elizabethe vicesimo octavo. * cases Printed Copies. ‘ There is another Roll of this Year, indorsed, " Rotulus Parliament de Anno Regni Elizabethe Regine Vicesimo Nono. A. 29 Eliz. Vac. quia his irr." That Roll begins thus, " In Parliamento per prorogations tento apud Westmonasterium decimo quinto die Februarii Anno regni Dne nre Elizabethe Dei gra Anglie Frauncie et Hifen Regine Fidei Defensor 8cc. Vicesimo nono; comuni omnium Dominop tarn spiraliu quam temporalium ac Comunitatis consensu et Regie Majestatis assensu inactitata Sc stabilita fuerunt hec sequentia Statuta. Viz.—Public, [i. 2. 3. 4. 3. 6. The Titles of the Acts as above.]

Privat. An Acte for the Confirmao&n of the Sale of Edward Fyshers Lands made towards satisfaction of his Debtes Chardges and Incumbrances."

[This Act is not entered on the Roll, and is probably the Private Act nu. 15. of Slat. 27 Eliz. See page 704 of this Volume.]

The Oldest Printed Copies of the Statute of this Year agree in Date with the vacated Roll. This Parliament was originally summoned for 13th October, An. 28 Eliz. A.D. 1586; on which Day it was prorogued to the 27th of the same Month-, and on that Day further prorogued to the 29th, when it met and sate, (on the Business of Mary Queen of Scots, but without passing any Act,) until 2 December, An. 29 Eliz. A.D. 1586, and was on that Day adjourned [not prorogued] to 13 February, An. 29 Eliz. A.D. 1386-7. when it met again and sate until the 23d of March ensuing; and on that Day was dissolved : See Sir S. D' Ewes's Journals of the Houses of Lords and Commons of this Tear. The Statute of this Year has in all Printed Copies been intituled * 29th Elizabeth; But see Stats. 33 Eliz. c. 1. $ 7.; c.j. 11, 8cc. where Acts passed in this Parliament are recited as of 28th Elizabeth.

Neither of the Rolls notice or contain the Acts for the Subsidies or Pardon, which are inserted in all Printed Copies as Chapters VII. VHI. and IX. of the Statute of this Session: These are now printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the several Acts on the Roll; but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter printed.


9 1


Original from PENN STATE

766

29° Eliz. c. 1.

A.D. 1586-7.

Treuont committed by Lord Paget, Anthony Babington, and othera;

Outlawries, Conrictions, Attainders, and Executions thereon.

The Conrictions and Attaindera confirmed by Parliament, and all the Lands, &c. of the Offenders declared forfeited to and vested in the Crown, without Office found, &c.

II.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

CHAPTER L

An Acte for the Confirmac&n of the Attaynders of Thomas late Lorde Pagett and others.

IN moste humble wyse beseecheth your moste Royal Majestie the Lordes Spuall & Temp[- and all other your moste lovinge and obedient Subjects the Comons of this your moste High Courte of Parliament assembled; That where Thomas Paget late Lorde Pagett late [- Drayton in the Countie of Middlesex, Frauncys Englefeild late of London Knight, Charles Pagett late of London Esquier, Frauncys Throckmorton late of London Esquier, William Shelley late of Clapham in the Countye of Sussex Esquier, Anthonye Babyngton late of Dethick in the Countye of Derbye Esquier, Thomas Salysburie late of Lleweny in the Countye of Denbigh Esquier, Edwarde Jones late of Cadogan in the saide Countie of Denbigh Esquier, Edwarde Abyngton late of Henlippe in the Countie of Worcester Esquier, Charles Tylney late of London Esquier, Chidiock Titchebome late of Portchester in the Countye of Southampton Esquier, Rofete Barnewell late of London Gentleman, John Chamock late of London Gentleman, and John Traves late of Prescott in the Countye of Lancaster Gentleman, havinge noe feare of God before their Eyes have moste falselye and trayterouslye comitted ppetrated and done many unnaturall detestable and abhomynable Treasons, to the moste fearfoll Perrill and Daunger of the Destruction of your moste Royall Pson, and to the utter Losse Disherison and Destruction of this your Highnes Realme of Englande, yf God of his infynite goodnes had not in due tyme revealed and gyven Knowledge to your Highnes of their trayterous Internes; of and for the wch saide Treasons beinge manyfastlye and playnelye proved,' the saide Traytors and Offendors before named have bene lawfullye indycted, and some of them have bene and are lawfullye and by due pc esse outlawed, and therby justlye attaynted, and some other by triall of the Countrie and their owne Confessions and Judgement therupon given laufullye and justlye convicted and attaynted, accordinge to the Lawes of this your Realme, as by the Recordes of their sePall Attayndors more playnelye it doeth and maye appeare, and for the whiche sePall Offences some of the saide Offendors have suffered paynes of Deathe accordinge to their Demerittf: It maye therefore please your Highnes of your moste graciouse and accustomed goodnes, and for the entyer Love Favor and hartie Affection that your Majestie hathe alwaies heretofore borne and yet beareth to the quiett Estate and Comon Weale of this your Realme of Englande, and for the pservacion of your moste Royall and Excellent Majestie, and for the good quyett peace unytie and rest of us your moste bounden and obedient Subjects, to graunte and assent at the moste humble desire and petic&n of your saide lovinge and obedient Subjects the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled. That the saide laufull and juste Convice&ns and Attayndors of all the saide Offendors maye be approved and confirmed, and stande effectuall in the Lawe to all intentf and purposes by the Authoritye of this psent Parliament: And that it maye be Inacted, That the saide Thomas Pagett late Lorde Pagett, Frauncys Englefeilde Knight, Charles Pagett, Frauncys Throckmerton, Wittm Shelley, Anthony Babington, Thomas Salisburie, Edwarde Jones, Edwarde Abington, Charles Tilney, Chidiock Tytchebome, Robert Barnewell, John Charnock and John Traves, for theire saide unnaturall abhomynable & detestable Treasons by them and ePye of them most unnaturallye abhomynablye and traiterouslie ppetrated comytted and doon, agaynste youre Majestie and this your Realme, shalbe by the authoride of this psent Parliament convicted and attaynted of High Treason; And that as manye of the saide Offendors and psons before named, as be yet in lief and not pdoned, shall and maye at your Majesties Will and Pleasure, suffer paynes of Deathe as in case of High Treason; And that the saide Thomas Pagett late Lorde Pagett, and all and everie the saide Offendors and psons attaynted before named, aswell suche of them as be yet in lief as alsoe suche of them as be put to execucon for theire saide Treasons, shall loose and forfeyte to your Highnes and your Heires and Successors, all suche their Honors Castells Mannors Meases Lands Tents Rentes Reverc&ns Remaynders Offices Rights Condid&ns, and all other their Hereditamentf of what Names Natures or Qualities soever they be, whiche they or anye of them had to their owne Use or Uses, the daye of their said sepall Treasons or Offences by them or any of them comytted ppetrated or doon, or at any tyme sithence; And that all and singuler their saide Honnors Castles Mannors Meases Landes Tentes Rentes Revsions Remaynders Offices Rights Condic&ns, and all other theire Hereditamentf, shalbe deemed vested and judged to be in the actuall and reall possession of your Majestie, without anye Office or Inquisic&n thereof hereafter to be taken or founde, according to the Comen Lawe of this your Realme.

Savingb to everie pson and psons Bodies Pollitique and Corporate, and to the Heires Assignes and Successors of everie of them, other then the saide Thomas Pagett late Lorde Pagett, and other the saide Offendors and psons attaynted before named and their Heires, and the Heires of everie of them daymenge the pmisses as Heire or Heires by or from them, or by or from anye of them, and all and everie other pson or psons claymenge by them or any of them to their Uses or Behoofes, or to the Use or Behoofe of any of them, or to the Use of anye of their saide Heires, All suche Right Title Use Possession Invest Rev’sion Remainder Entrie Condic&ns Fees Offices Rents Annuyties Comons, and all other Comodities and Hereditamentf whatsoever whiche they or anye of them had or ought to have had in the pmisses or anye parte thereof, at or before the same sePall Treasons by the saide sePall Offendors comytted or doon, in as lardge and ample maner as yf this Acte had never bene had or made : And alsoe all suche Right Title Use Possession Invest Revision Remainder Entrie Condic&ns Fees Offices Rents Annuyties Cdmons, and all other Comodities and Hereditamentf whatsoever, whiche they or anye of them nowe have or at anye tyme hereafter shall or maye have, onlye by vertue of anye Conveyaunce or Lymitac&n made before the same sev’all Treasons comytted or doon ; This Acte or anye Thinge therein conteyned notwithstandinge, and in as lardge and ample maner as yf this Acte had never bene had or made.

tornat


A.D. 1586-7.

29° Eliz. c. 1—3.

767

Provided alwayes and nevertheles be it Inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That this Acte or anye Thinge therein III.

conteyned shall not in anywise extend to make voiede anye Graunte Gyfte Lease or Demyse, made by our saide Soveraigne Ladye the Quene, of anye of the said Mannors Landes Tefites or Hereditamentf Goodes or Chattells, ,he Grelt S'*1* to any pson or psons, by Ires Patentes under the Greate Seale of Englande or under the Seale of the Courte of U^di°«ft^tbeh Exchequer, at anye tyme or tymes sithence the saide Treasons comytted; but that the same Gyftes Grauntf and Leases and everie of them, shall stande and be of suche like force and effecte in the Lawe to all lntentf and Purposes, and of none other or better force, as yf this Acte had never bene had or made; Anye Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarye thereof notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte conceminge Errors in Recordes of Attayndors of Highe Treason.

FORASMUCHE as throughe Corrupcbn or negligente kepinge, the Recordes of Attainders of Treason happen manye tymes to be impayred blemyshed or otherwise to be defectyve; Be it ordeyned an enacted by [the '] authoritie of this psent Parliament, That noe Recorde of Attayndor, that nowe ys, of any pson or psons of or for any High Treason, wheare the partie so attaynted is or hathe bene executed for the same Treason, shall by the Heire or Heires of

anye suche pson, or by anye other whatsoever claymenge in from by or under anye suche Heire or Heires, be

in any wise hereafter reversed undone avoyded or ympeached, by anye Plea or for anye Error whatsoever.

Provided alwayes nevWles that this Acte, nor anye Thinge therein conteyned, shall in anye wise extend to anye pr0Ti|o Wriu Recorde of Attaynder, of or for anye Treason, upon whiche anye Writt of Error is nowe dependinge, or whiche of Error depending,

Recorde is alreadye reused repealed or undone, by or for any Error Matter Plea or Cause whatsoever; but that XctdyT^uwJ

the same shalbe and remayne, as unto and againste that partie at whose Suyte the same Writte of Error is depending, or at whose pursuyte the same Recorde hathe bene reversed repealed or undone, and his and her Heires and Assignes onlye, as yf this Acte had never bene hadd or made; Anye Thinge in this Acte to the contrarie thereof notwithstanding.

No existing Record of Attainder for Treason shall be reversed by the Heir, after Execution of the Party attainted.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte to avoyde fraudulent Assuraunces made in fteyn causes by Traytors.

FORASMUCHE as it hathe byne and is verie muche bruted and published abroade, and bye sondrie peons pt ended, that diverse and manye of the psons attaynted of Highe Treason, sythence the Eighte Daye of Februarie in the eightene yere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes Majestie, for Matter tendinge to the Hurte Deathe or Destruc&m of the Quenes Majestie, or to any actuall Rebellion or Invasion to have bene made within this Realme or any other the Quenes Majesties Onions, or for beinge adherent or givinge Ayde and Comforte to anye the Quenes Majesties Enymes within the same Realme or els where, have made diverse secret and fraudulent Estates and Conveyaunces of their Landes Tehtf and Hereditamentf, to thintent thereby to defraude the Quenes Majestie of suche Forfeyture of their Landes Tents and Hereditamentf as her Highnes by reason of their sev’all Treasons ys or shalbe intituled to have; And Forasmuche as the saide ptended fraudulent Estates and Conveyauncf are yet kepte secret and not openlie published, and in tyme to come maye be verie daungerouse and likelie to tende to disenherite the Quenes Majestie her Heires Successors and Assignes, of their Estate and Interest in suche Lands Tents and Hereditamentf as her Majestie her Heires Successours or Assignes nowe have or ought to have by reason of the saide Attayndors, unlesse some pvision be made, that suche secret Estates Conveyauncf and Assurauncf may in due and convenient tyme be openlie published and brought to light: For Remedye whereof be it enacted by the authoritie of this Psent Parliament, That everie pson and psons whiche hathe or claymeth to have anye Estate of Inheritaunce Lease or Rent, not alreadye entred of Recorde or edified in the Quenes Majesties Courte of Exchequer, of in or to or out of anye Mannors Landes or Hereditamentes, by or under anye Graunte Assurauncf or Conveyauncf whatsoever, had made or done at anye tyme sithence the begyninge of the Quenes Majesties Raigne, by any the psons attaynted for anye (*) Causes aforesaide sythence the saide Eight Daye of Februarie, shall within two yeres next ensuynge the laste daye of this Session of Parliament, openlie shewe and bringe for the, or cause to be shewed or brought for the, into the Quenes Majesties saide Courte of Exchequer, the same his or their Graunte Conveyaunce and Assuraunce, whiche he or they have or hathe or ptendethe to have of in or to anye the said Mannors Landes Tents or Hereditamentf; And there, in the Tearme tyme in open Courte, shall offer and exhibite the same Graunte Conveyaunce and Assuraunce, or upon his or their Othe, affirmyngc that he or they have not nor canne come bye the same, or that yf was never put in Writinge, then the effecte thereof in Writinge, to be entred and enrolled of Recorde; or els everie suche Graunte Conveyaunce and Assurance shalbe utterlie voyde and of none effecte, to all Internes and Purposes.

Secret Conveyances, reported to be nude by sundry Persons, attainted of High Treason since 8 Feb. 18 Eliz.

Dangers resulting

therefrom

All Persons claiming Title, not already entered of Record, &c. under any Conveyances of the Lands of Persons attainted, made since the beginning of the Queen's Reign, shall within Two Years produce them, or the Effect of them, to be inrolled in the Exchequer, or they shall be void.

1 0. and Dup. omit.

* the 0.

768

29° Eliz. c. 3.

A.D. 1586-7

ii.

On such Production, Conveyances, or the Effect of them, shall be inrolled, and the Party claiming under them may, for Two Years, produce Evidence of their being made bandjidf, butif.on Information for the Crown, kc. such Conveyances are afterwards found to be fraudulent, they shall be void.

III.

Proviso for Bargains and Sales on good Consideration duly inrolled.

IV.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

V.

Proviso for Leases See. for 21 Years at usual Rents ; and Copyholds.

VL

Proviso for bon& fide Conveyances to Strangers before Treason committed.

And be it further Inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That the Lorde Treasorer Chauncelor and Barons of the saide Courte of Exchequier for the tyme beinge, or anye of them, upon everie suche offeringe and exhibitinge of any such Graunte Conveyance or Assuraunce, or the effecte thereof, hereafter in fourme aforesaid to be shewed or brought for the, shall forthwithe cause the same offer to be entred of Recorde, and shall likewise cause the saide Graunte Conveyaunce or Assuraunce, or theffecte thereof as is aforesaide, in the same Courte to be entred and enrolled of Recorde, without any Fee or Rewarde to be taken or had of the Partie for the doinge thereof; And after suche offer made and recorded, yt shall and maye be laufull for everie peon, hereafter shall

exhibite and offer anye suche Graunte Conveyaunce and Assuraunce, or the effecte thereof as ys aforesaide, into the saide Courte of Exchequier, at his Libertye and Pleasure at all tymes within the saide two yeres, by <Pcesse to be graunted out of the saide Courte of Exchequer or otherwise, to pduce and bringe for the suche Testymonye Pffes and Witnesses into the saide Courte of Exchequier, there to be examyned, as he can, for the better Proofe of his saide Graunte Conveyaunce or Assuraunce to be made bona fide, and without anye Fraude or Covine : And yet nevertheless yf at anye tyme after, upon anye Informac&n upon that case, or other Informacttn to be jPferred and exhibited into the saide Courte of Exchequier, for and in the Behalfe of our saide Soveraigne Ladye the Quene, her Heires or Successors, or upon anye Acc&n upon that Case or Suyte to be psecuted by anye the Patentees of the Quenes Majestie, her Heires or Successors, or by any other the Heires or Assignes of the same Patentees, yt shall happen to be sufiicientlie tried and proved by verditt of Twelve Men, accordinge to the comon course of the Lawes of this Realme, that anye of the saide Estatf Assurauncf and Conveyaunces, made by any of the saide Tray tors and psons attaynted, was made upon any Fraude or Covyne, to the Intent thereby to defraude the Quenes Majestie of suche Forfeyture as might have growen or comen to her Highnes by reason of anye the saide Attayndors, that then everie suche Estate Conveyaunce and Assurance, soe tried and sufiicientlie pved as aforesaide to be had or made by and upon suche Fraude or Covyne, shalbe utterlie voyed and of none effecte, to all Ententf Construcc&ns and Purposes, untill suche tyme as suche Triall by Verditt shalbe laufullie undone by Attaynt or otherwise.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That this Acte, or any Thinge therein conteyned, shall not in any wise extende to any Bargayne and Sale by Deed indented and inrolled, nor to any other Assuraunce heretofore enrolled in any the Quenes Majesties Courts of Recorde at Westm, made upon good and true Consideration or Considerations, without Fraude or Covine, by anye of the saide psons soe attaynted, at any tyme before the daye of his or their saide sev*all Treasons comytted, whereof they nowe stande attaynted; but that everie suche Bargayne and Sale and Assuraunce, shall stande and bee in as good Force and Effecte as the same was or were before the makinge of this Acte ; Any Thinge herein conteyned to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

And savinge to all and everie pson and p6ons and Bodies Pollitike and Corporate, their Heires and Successors, and to the Heires and Successors of everie of them, (other then suche psons and their Heires, as be or have bene parties or privie to anye Estate or Conveyauncf made by Fraude or Covine as ys aforesaide, and other then suche as shall not accordinge to the true meanynge of this Statute exhibite offer and shewe for the their saide Grauntf Conveyaunces and Assurauncf, or theffect thereof as is aforesaide, in the saide Courte of Exchequier, within the tyme to them before in this Acte lymited,) all suche Estate Right Title and Interest as they or anye of them have, of in or to any of the said Mannors Landes Tents Rentes Pfytes and Hereditamentf, or anye parcell thereof, in as lardge and ample manner and fourme to all Intentf and Purposes as they or any of them had before the making of this Acte; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie thereof notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte or anye thinge therein conteyned, shall not extende to anye Lease, not excedinge one and twentie yeres or three Lyves, or made for anye nuber of Yeres determynable upon one two or three Lyves, from the tyme of the makynge of the same Lease of Landes Tents or Hereditamentf, most comonlye used to be letten to Ferme for Yeres or Lyves within the space of twentie yeres before the makinge of the same Lease, and whereupon the usuall accustomed yerely Rent or more is reserved; Nor to any Estate by Coppie, of any Landes or Tents made accordinge to the Custome of any Mannor whereof the same ys parccll.

(1 ) Provided also, That this Act or anye Thing therm conteyned, shall not in anye wise extende to nor pjudice or hynder anye pson or psons, for touchinge or concerninge anye Conveyaunce or Assuraunce made bona fide upon good Consideration, and without Fraude or Covine, by anye of the saide psons soe attaynted, at anye tyme before their sev*all Treasons comytted, other then onlye the Wyeves Children and Heires Apparaunt of the psons so attaynted.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


Origirral from

,4.0.1586-7.

29° Eliz. c. 4y 5.

769

CHAPTER IV.

An Acts to Pvent Extorcion in Shiriefff Under Sheriefff and Baylifies of Fraunchesies or Libertyes,

in Cases of Execucion.

BE it inacted by the Authoride of this £>sent Parliament, That yt shall not be Iaufull, from the firste daye of Maie nowe nexte ensuynge, to or for anye Shirief Under Shirief Baylief of Fraunchises or Liberues, nor for anye of their or either of their Officers Mynisters SVntes Bayliefff or Deputyes, nor for anye of them, by reason or collour of their or either of their Office or Offices, to have receve or cake of anye pson or psons whatsoever, directlye or indirectlie, for the Svyng and executinge of any Extent or Execuc&n, upon the Bodye Landes Goods or Chattel les of anye pson or psons whatsoever, more or other Considerac&n or Recompence then in this psent Acte ys and shalbe lymyted and appoynted whiche shalbe Iaufull to be hadd receyved and taken ; That is to saye, Twelve Pence of and for everie Twentie Shillingf where the [same'] exceedeth not One Hundreth Poundes, and Sixe Pence of and for everie Twende Shillingf, beinge over and above the saide some of One Hundreth Poundes, that he or they shall soe levie or extende and deliver in Execuc&n, or take the Bodie in Execuc&n for, by vertue and force of anye such Extent or Execuc&n whatsoever; upon payne and penaltye that all and everye Shirief Under Shirief Baylief of Fraunchises or Liberties, their and everie of their Ministers Servauntf Officers Bailiefff or Deputies, whiche at anye tyme after the saide firste daye of Maye nowe next ensuynge, shall directlie or indirectlie doe the contrarie, shall lose and forfeyte to the Parrie grieved his Treble Damage; and shall forfeyte the some of Fourtie Poundes of good and Iaufull Englishe Money for everie tyme that he they or anye of them shall doe the contrarie, the one moytic thereof to be to our Soveraigne Ladye the Quene her Heires and Successors, and thother moyde therof to the parrie or parties that will sue for the same, by any Playnte Acc&n Suyte Bill or Informac&n, wherein noe Essoyne Wager of Lawe or Ptection shalbe allowed.

Provided alwaies. That this Acte, or any Thinge therein conteyned, shall not extend to anye Fees to be taken or had for anye Execuf&n within anye Cittie or Towne Corporate ; Anye Thinge above mentioned to the contrarie therof notwithstandinge.

Fee* of Sheriff*, See. or Execution*; I*, in the Pound, up to ioo, and 6d. in the Pound above.

Penalty on Extortion, Treble Damage* to the Party grieved; and s£40 to the U*e of the Crown, See.

II.

Not to extend to Corporation*.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for the Contynuance and pfectinge of diPse Statutf.

WHERE in the firste Session of Parliament holden at Westm the twelveth daye of Januarie in the [fyfteth*] yere of her Highnes Raigne, an Acte was then and there made for the Punyshement of suche psons as shold peure or comytt anye wilfull Pjurie: And where in the Parliament begonne and holden at Westni the seconde daye of Aprill in the thirtenth yere of her Majesties Raigne, an Acte was then and there made, for the avoydinge and abolishinge of fayned covenouse and fraudulent Feoffementf Giftf Grauntf Alienac&ns, Bandes Suytf Judgementf and Execuf&ns; entituled An Acte againste fraudulent Deeds Giftf Grauntf Alienac&ns, &c.: And where also in the firste Session of the Parliament begunne and holden at Westni the xijUl daye of January in the saide [fyfteth *] yere of her Highnes Raigne, and from thence contynued by Progac&n untill the Dissoluc&n therof, there was one other Acte made for the revyvinge of a Statute of SCdo & Ptio Philippi & Marie, for the amendinge of High Waies : All whiche Acts above mendoned are by proofe and experience tryed and founde to be very necessarie and pffitable for the Comen Wealthe of this Realme: For whiche Cause, Be it Inacted by the Quenes Majestie, with thassent of the Lordes Spuall & Temporall, and the Comons in this p'sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoride of the same, That the saide Acts above remembred, and everie of them, and all and everie the Braunches Clauses and <Pvision8 in them and everie of them conteyned, shall from henceforthe be remayne and contynue in force and effecte for ever.

And Where in the firste Session of Parliament begunne in the Cittie of London the thirde daye of November in the one and twentith yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde of famowse Memorie Kinge Henrie the Eight, and from thence adjorned and progued to the Pallace of Westmynster, an Acte or Statute was made, intituled An Acte for the true makinge of Cables Halsers and Ropes: And where in the Parliament holden upon Progac&n at Westm the fourth daye of Februarie in the xxiiij1" yere of the Raigne of the saide Kinge, one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte againste killinge of young Bests called Weanelinges: And where in the Session of Parliament ended at Westni the firste daye of Februarie in the foureth yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, one Acte was made concerninge the buyinge and sellinge of Rother Beastf and Cattell; And also one other Acte was then and there likewise made, intituled An Acte for the buyeng and sellinge of Butter and Cheese: And where also in the Parliament begunne at Westm the xxiij"’ daye of Januarie in the firste yere of the Raigne of the Quenes Majestie that nowe ys, and there contynued by Progac&n untill the

Recital of Stat*.

5 Eliz. c.9. Perjury

13 Eliz. c.;. fraudulent Conveyance);

j Eliz. c. 13. continuing 1.3P.4M. c.8. Highway*;

Recited Act* made perpetual.

IL

21 H. VIII. c. iz. Cable* and Rope* {

14 H.VIII. c.9. killing Weanling*

3 & 4 E. VI. c. 19. Rother Beasts;

c. 21. Butter, Stc.;

1 Eliz. c. 17. Fry of Fi»h

1 somme 0. Dup.

* fyfthe 0. Dup.


9 K

770

29° Eliz. c. 5

A.D. 1586-7.

Stat. $ Eliz. c. z. Tillage j

c. 7. Importation of foreign Warei; 8 Eliz. c. 10. Bowyers

13 Eliz. c. 20. Leases of Benefices;

c.ZI. Purveyance;

c. 8. Usury;

14 Eliz. c. 11. continuing and amending Act;

14 Eliz. c. j. Relief of Poor;

18 Eliz. c. 3. Employment of the Poor

»7 Eliz. c. 11. continuing and amending Act

c. 7. Issues lost by Jurors.

c. 31. Westminster.

All recited Acts continued, to End of next Parliament.

III.

5 Eliz. c.3.

For Maintenance of the Navy, continued, so far as in force.

IV.

Defendants, in Suits on Penal Statutes may appear by Attorney, without putting in Bail.

dissoluf&n thereof, one Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for PservauJn of Spawne and Frye of Fyshe: And where also in the firste Session of Parliament holden at Westni the twelveth daye of Januarie in the fyveth yere of her Highnes Raigne, one Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for the Maynten*nce and Encrease of Tyllage; And one other Acte was then and there likewise made, intituled An Acte for the avoydinge of div*s Forreyne Wares made by Handycraftf men beyonde the Seas : And where also in the laste Session of the Parliament holden by Progacfin at Westni the laste daye of September in theight yere of her Majesties Raigne, one Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for Bowiers and the Prices ot Bowes: And where also in the Parliament begunne and holden at Westni in the seconde daye of Aprill in the thirtenth yere of her Majesties Raigne, there was one Acte & Statute made for the avoydinge of some Leases in certen Cases to be made of Ecctiasticall Pmocyons withe Cure, intituled An Acte touchinge Leases of Benefices and other Ecdasticall Livingf w"1 Cure: And where also there was one other Acte and Statute made in the saide Parliament begunne and holden at Westmynster, the saide seconde daye of Aprill in the saide thirtenth yere, intituled An Acte that Purvyors maye take Grayne Come or Victuales within fyve myles of Cambridge and Oxeforde in certen Cases: And also one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte against Usurie: And where in the Parliament holden at Westni the eight daye of Maye in the fouretenth yere of her Highnes Raigne, there was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the Contynuacbn Explanacon Pfectinge and Inlarginge of div*se Statutf; in whiche Statute are conteyned div*se Braunches Clauses and Pvisions touchinge and conSnyng the ExplanaSJn Pfectinge and Enlardginge of divers of the Statutf before mencioned: And where also in the firste Session of the Parliament begunne and holden at Westmynster the eight daye of Maye in the fouretenth yere of the Quenes Highnes Raigne that nowe ys, and from thence contynued by Progacon till the dissoluc&n thereof, there was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the Punyshement of Vagabundf, and for the Relief of the Poore and Impotent: And where in the Parliament holden at Westm aforesaide in the eightenth yere of her Majesties Raigne, there was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the settinge of the Poore in Worke, and for the avoydinge of Vdlenes: And where in the Parliament holden at WestrH the three and twentieth daye of November in the xxvij"' yere of her Majesties Reigne, one other Acte was made for the revivinge contynuaunce explanacon and pfectinge of div'se Statutf; in whiche are conteyned div*se Braunches Pvisions and Clauses touchinge and concerninge certen Addicbns and Alteradftns unto and of div*se of the saide former recited Statutes and (') newe Pvisions: And where in the saide Parliament holden at Westm the three and twentith daye of November in the seaven and twentieth yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne that nowe ys, there was an Acte made for the levyinge of Yssues lost by Jurors s And whereas also in the Parliament holden at Westm the xxiij,h daye of November in the xxvij"' yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne that nowe ys, there was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the good Goverment of the Cittie or Boroughe of Westmynster: Forasmuche as all the saide sePall Acts and Statutes Braunches Clauses and Pvisions, and everie of them, doe seeme good beneficiall and nedefull to the Weale and Pfytt of this Realme; Be it therefore further enacted by the Authorise of this p>sent Parliament, That the foresaide sev’all laste recyted Statutes and Actes, and the saide mencioned Braunches Clauses Pvisions Addic&ns Al?ac&ns and Explanac&ns and everie of them, and all and everie Article Clause and Sentence in them and everie of them conteyned, shalbe contynued and endure in full force and effecte duringe the tyme hereafter mentioned. That is to saye, till the Ende of the next Parliament next ensuynge.

And Where also in the firste Session of Parliament holden at Westmynster the twelveth daie of Januarie in the saide fiveth yere of her Majesties Raigne, one Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte touchinge certen Pollitique Constituc&ns made for the Mayneten'nce of the Navie: Be it further Inacted by the Authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That soe muche onlie of the sayde laste mentyoned Acte as [that1] this jPsent standeth in

Force, and not heretofore at anye tyme repealed, shall contynue and endure in full Force and Effecte unto the

Ende of the next Parliament nexte ensuynge.

Provided alwaies. That Whereas dyvers her Majesties lovinge Subjects, dwellinge in the remote parts of this Realme, are many tymes maliciouslye troubled upon Informae&ns and Suytf, exhibited in the Courtes of Kings Bench Comon Plees and Exchequer, upon penall Statutf, and are drawen upp upon Pcesse out of the Countries where they dwell, and dryven to attend and put in Bayle, to theire great troble and undoingf: For Reformac&n whereof. Be it Inacted, That yf anye pson or psons shalbe sued or informed againste upon anye penall Lawe, in anye the severall Courts of Kinges Benche Comon Plees or Exchequer, where suche pson or psons are bayleable by Lawe, or where by the leave or favor of the Courte suche pson or psons maye appeare by Attorney, that in

all and everie suche case, the pson or psons so to be ympleaded or sued shall and may, at the Daye and Tyme

conteyned in the firste Pcesse served for his Apparaunce, appeare by Attorney of the same Courte where the Pcesse ys retornable, to answeare and defende the same, and not be urged to psonall Apparaunce, or to put in Bayle for the answeringe of suche Suyte; Any former Lawe Custome or Usage to the contrarie notwithstanding.

1 other 0.

* So also in Original Act and Duplicate j erroneously for • at ’


A.D. 1586-7.

29° Eliz. c. 6.

771

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte for the more speedie and due execuc&n of &eyne Braunches of the Statute made in the xxiij"1 yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne, intytuled An Acte to reteyne the Quenes Majesties Subjectes in their due obeydience.

FOR avoydinge of all Fraudes and Delayes heretofore practised, or hereafter to be putt in Ure, to the hindraunce of the due and speedye execuf&n of the Statute made in the Session of Parliament holden by Prorogac&n at Westm the sixtenth daye of Januarie in the xxiij'h yere of the Raigne of our most gracious Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Majestie, endtuled An Acte to reteyne the Quenes Majesties Subjectes in their due Obedience: Be it enacted by authoritie of this p*sent Parliament, That everie Feoffement Guyfte Graunte Conveiance Alienac&n Estate Lease Encombraunce and Lymitad&n of Use, of or out of any Landes Tefitf or Hereditamentf whatsoever, had or made at anye time synce the begynninge of the Quenes Majesties Raigne, or at anye tyme hereafter to be had or made, by anye p6on whiche hathe not repayred or shall not repayre to some Churche Chappell or usuall Place of Cdmon Prayer, b hathe forborne or shall forbeare the same contrarie to the tenor of the saide Statute, and whiche ys and shalLe revocable at the pleasure of suche Offendor, or in anye wise directlie or indirectlie ment or intended to or for the Behoofe Relief or Mayneten’nce or at the disposicon of anye suche Offendor, or wherewithe, or wherebye, or in considers c&n whereof, suche Offendor or his famelye shalbe maynteyned releived or kepte, shalbe deemed and taken to be utterlie frustrate and voyde, as againste the Quenes Majestie, for or concerninge the levyeinge and payinge of

suche sumes of Money as anye suche pson, by the Lawes or Statutf of the Real me alreadye made, ought to paye or

forfeyte, for not comynge or repayringe to anye Churche Chappell or usuall Place of Comon Prayer, or for sayinge hearinge, or beinge at any Masse; and shall also be seised and had to and for her Majesties use and behoofe, as

hereafter in this Acte ys mentioned; Any p*tence colour fayned considerac&n or exp>ssinge of anye use to the

contrarie notwithstandinge.

And Further be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That everie Convic£&n heretofore recorded, for anye Offence before mencioned, not alreadye estreated or Stifled into the Quenes Majesties Courte of Exchequer, shall from the Justices before whom the Recorde of suche Convice&n shalbe remayninge, be estreated and Stifled into the Quenes Majesties Courte of Exchequer before thende of Easter Terme next comynge; in suche convenient certentye, for the tyme and other circumstauncf, as the Courte of Exchequer maye thereupon awarde out pcesse for seisure of the Landes and Goodes of everie suche Offendor as hathe not payde their saide Forfeytures, accordinge to the Lawes and Statutes in suche case pvyded; And that everie Convcic&on hereafter for anye Offence before mencioned, shalbe in the Courte comonlie called the Kings Benche, or at the Assises or Geniall Gaole Deliverie, and not elswhere, and shall from the Justicf before whom the Recorde of suche Convice&n shall remayne, be estreated and Stifled into the saide Courte of Exchequer, before thende of the Terme next ensuynge after everie suche Convice&n, in suche convenient certentie as ys afore mencioned.

And Be it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That everie suche Offendor in not repayringe to Devine Service, but forbearinge the same contrarie to the saide Estatute, as hathe byne heretofore convicted for suche Offence, and hath not made Submission and byne conformable accordinge to the true meanynge of the saide Statute, shall, without any other Indictement or Convice&n, paye into the Receipte of the saide Exchequer all suche somes of Money as, accordinge to the rate of Twentie pounds for everie Moneth sithence the same Convice&n, doe yet remayne unpayde, in forme as hereafter ensueth; that ys to saye, the one moytie thereof before thende of next Trinitie Terme, and thother moytie thereof before thende of the next Hillarie Terme; or at anye suche other tymes as by the Lorde Treasorer Chauncelor and Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any two of them, shall by Composic&n, upon good band and suertie taken, be lymited before thende of the saide nexte Trinitie Terme, yf anye suche Composic&n shall happen to be; And shall also in everie Easter and Michas Terme, untill suche tyme as the same pson doe make Submission and be conformable accordinge to the true meaninge of the saide Statute, pay into the saide Receipte of the Exchequer Twentie poundes, for everie Monethe whiche shall incurr in all that meane tyme.

And Be it also enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide. That everie suche Offendor in not repayringe to Devine Service, but forbearinge the same contrarie to the saide Estatute, as hereafter shall fortune to be therof once convicted, shall in suche of the Termes of Easter or Michas as shalbe next after suche Convice&n, paye into the saide Receipte of Exchequer, after the rate of twentie poundes for everie moneth w1" shalbe conteyned in the Indictement whereupon suche Convice&on shalbe; and shall also for everie monethe after suche Convice&n, without any other Indictement or Convice&n, paye into the Receipte of the Exchequer aforesaide, at two tymes in the yere, that ys to saye, In everie Easter Terme and Michas Terme, as muche as then shall remayne unpayde, after the rate of Twentie poundes for everie moneth after suche Convice&n ; And yf Defaulte shalbe made in anye parte of anye payment aforesaide, contrarie to the forme herein before lymited, that then and soe often the Quenes Majestie shall & maye, by Pcesse oute of the said Exchequer, take seize and enjoye all the Goodes, and two partes asweil of all the Landes Tentes and Hereditamentf Leases and Fermes of suche Offendor as of all other the Landes Tents and Hereditamentf lyable to suche Seizure or to the Penalties aforesaide, by the true meaninge of this Acte, levinge the thirde parte onelie of the same Landes Tentes and Hereditamentf Leases and Fermes to and for the Maynten*nce and Relief of the same Offendor his Wief Children and Famelie.

All Conveyance!, See. by Recusants, to evade the Penaltiea under St. 13 Eliz. c. 1. declared void.

If.

All existing Convictions shall be estreated into the Exchequer.

Future Convictions shall be only in K. B. or at the Assizes, See.

III.

Penalties of 10I. per Month, already incurred under recited Act, shall be paid into the Exchequer.

IV.

On future Convictions the Monthly Penalties shall continue to be periodically paid into the Exchequer, or the Crown may seize the Goods and Two-thirds of the Lands of the Offenders.

772

29° Eliz. c.6.

1586-7.

V.

Form of Indictments against Recusants; and Process and Conviction, on Default of Appearance. &c.

VI.

Penalties shall cease upon Conformity or Death, &c.

VII.

Application of One-third of the Penalties to the Poor, &c.

VIII. Proviso for Conveyances made bonk fide.

Proviso for Lands held by Offenders for Term of Life.

And for the more speedye Convice&n of suche Offendor in not repayringe to Devine Service, but forbearinge the same contrarie to the saide Estatute ; Be it enacted by the authorise aforesaide, That the Indictment of everie suche Offendor, menc&nynge the not comynge of suche Offendor to the Churche of the Parishe where suche pson at anye tyme before suche Indictment was or did kepe House or Residence, nor to anye other Churche Chappell or usuall place of Comon Prayer, shalbe sufficient in the Lawe; and that it shall not be nedeful to mencion in anye suche Indictment that the Partie Offendor was or ys inhabitinge within this Real me of Englande or anye other the Quenes Majesties Dnions: But yf it shall happen anye suche Offendor then not to be within this Realme or other her Majesties Dnions, that in suche case the partie be releved by Plee to be putt in in that behalfe and not otherwise; And that upon the Indictment of suche Offendor, a Pclamac&n shalbe made, at the same Assises or Gaole Delyverie in whiche thendictment shalbe taken, yf the same be taken at anye Assise or Gaole Deliverie, by whiche it shalbe comaunded that the bodye of suche Offendor shalbe rendred to the Shirieff of the same Countie, before the saide next Assises or Gefiall Gaole Delyverie to be holden in the same Countie ; And yf at the saide nexte Assises or Gaole Deliverie, the same Offendor so pclaymed shall not make Apparaunce of Recorde, that then upon suche Defaulte recorded, the same shalbe as sufficient a Convice&n in Lawe, of the saide Offence whereof the partie so standeth indicted as ys aforesaide, as yf upon the same Indictment a Triall by Verdict thereupon hadd pceeded and byne recorded.

Provided alwaies. That whensoever anye suche Offendor as ys aforesaide shall make Submission and become conformable, accordinge to the fourme lymited by the saide Estatute made in the three and twentith yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne, or shall fortune to dye, that then noe forfeyture of Twentie Poundes for any Moneth, or seisure of the Landes of the same Offendor, from and after suche Submyssion and Conformytie or Deathe, and full Satisfaction of all the Arreragf of Twentie Poundes Monethlie before suche Seisure due or payable, shall ensue or be contynued againste suche Offendor, so longe as the same pson shall contynue in comyng to Devine Service accordinge to thentent of the saide Estatute.

And where by the saide former Estatute the Thirde Parte of the Forfeytures for not cdmynge to Devine Service is lymyted to the Pore; Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That it shall and maye be lawfiill to and for the Lorde Treasorcr of Englande Chauncelor and Chief Baron of the Excheqner for the tyme beinge, or two of them, to assigne and dispose of the full Thirde Parte of the Twentie Pounde for everie Moneth payde, or to be payde into the Receipte of the Exchequer as ys aforesaide, for the Relief and Maynten'nce aswell of the Poore and of the Houses of Correction, as of ympotent and maymed Soldiers, as the same Lorde Treasorer Chauncelor and Chief Baron, or anye two of them, shall order or appoynte; Anye Thinge in the saide Estatute made in the saide three and twentith yere of her Majesties Raigne mencbned to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstaundinge.

Provided alwayes. That this Acte, or anye Thinge therein conteyned, shall not in anywise extende or be construed to make voyde or ympeache anye Graunte or Lease heretofore made bona fide without Fraude or Covine, whereupon anye yerelie Reut or Payment ys reserved or paiable, or anye Graunte or Lease hereafter to be made bona fide without Fraude or Covyn, whereupon the accustomed yerelye Rent or more shalbe reserved, or anye other Conveyaunce Assuraunce or Assignement whatsoever heretofore made bona fide upon good ConsideracSn, and without Fraude or Covyn, whiche ys not or shall not be revocable at the Pleasure of suche Offendor, otherwise then to give Benefitt and Title to her Majestie, her Heires and Successors, to have pceave and and enjoye such Rents and Paymentf duringe the contynuaunce of suche Lease or Graunte accordinge to the true meanynge of this Acte.

And pvided also, That this Acte or anye Thenge therein conteyned shall not in any wise extende or be construed to contynewe anye Seisure of any Landes or Tefitf of suche Offendor in her Majesties Handes, or in the Handes of her Heires or Successors, after the saide Offendors Deathe, whiche Landes or Tentes he shall have or be seised of only for terme of his Lief, or in the Righte of his Wyef; Anye Thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER VII. (')

An Acte of one Subsidie graunted by the Cleargie.

Grant of Subiidy by the Clergy of the Province of

Canterbury, of 6c. in the Pound, payable in Three

WHERE the Prelattf and Clergie of the Province of Canterburie have, for certeyne Considerac&ns, lovinglie and lyberallie gyven and graunted to the Queenes most excellent Ma'" a Subsidie of Sixe Shillingf of the Pownde, to bee taken and levied of all and singuler their Promoc&ns Spuall wthin the same Province, duringe the terme of three yeares nowe next ensuinge, in suche certeyne manner and fourme and wth suche Excepc&ns and Provicons as bee specified and conteyned in a certeyne Instrument by them thereof made and delivered unto the Queenes Highenes under the Seale of the moste Reverend Father in God John nowe Archbisshopp of Canterburie and Primate of all England; W* Instrument ys nowe exhibited in this psent Pliament to bee ratified and confirmed; the Tenor whereof ensueth in these Wordes:

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.


Original from-

A.D. 1586-7

29° Eliz. c.T

773

Illustrissime et Serenissime in Christo Principi, et Dne nre Clementissime, Dne Elizabethe, Dei gra, Angi Francie et Hibn Regine, Fidei defensori, &c. Jobes Divina Providencia Cantuariensis Archiepus, tocius Angt Primas et Metropolitans, omnimodam obedientiam et subjectionem, ac felicitatem et sattm, in eo p quern Reges regnant, et Principes dominantur: Vestre Serenissime Regie sublimitati p p^sens publicum Instrumentum sive has tras nras Testimonials significamus et notum facimus, quod plati et Clerus nre Cantuarieii Provincie in sacra Synodo Provinciali sive Convocac&e, Vigore et Aucthoritate bns Regii vestri in ea parte nob directi, in Domo Capitulari Ecctie vre Cathedralis divi Pawli London, decimo sexto die mensis Octobris, anno Dni mittimo quingentesimo octogesimo sexto, jam curreni inchoata et celebrata, ac de die in diem et loco in locum usq, ad et in terciu die pPsentis mens Marcij continuata et prorogat, in Ecctie Collegiata divi Petri Westni eodem tercio die psentis mensis Marcij, legitime congregati, pro quibusdam magnis arduis et urgentibj causis p nos eis propositis, ac inter eos matura delibacbe ponderatis, pro defencbe Regnop et Dominiorum vestrorum necnon et pro eorum erga vestram Regiam sublimitatem officio, quoddam ultraneum ac spontaneum et voluntarium Subsidium vestre Regie munificentie, unanimi eorum concensu et assensu dederunt et concesscrum, prout tenore psentis public! Instrument! (seriem concessions humodi in se continent) plenius liquet et apparet; Humiliter et obnixe vestre Regie Mall supplicantes quatenus hoc eorum subsidium pro vestra solita dementia benigne acceptatis, ac bene consulere gratiose dignemini: Tenor vero dicte concessionis de verbo in verbum sequitur, et est talis.

The Prelates and Clearoie of the Province of Cantorburie, beinge lawfullie congregated and assembled togeather in a ConvocaSSn or Synode, consideringe their bounden Dueties to yo' Maj* their moste naturall and gradouse Soveraigne Ladie, and havinge in Remembraunce the manifolde and ample Benefittf wch they dayelie receyve, not onelie by yo' moste graciouse and godlie Govemetnent, whereby theye be conserved in Peace and Quietnes, and so more able to serve God and intende to their Office and Vocacfin, but also, and that moste cheifeUe, by the settinge for the and advauncinge of Godes moste Holie Worde and his sincere and trewe Religeon in this your Realme, and abolishinge of all Foraine Power contrarie to the same; Consideringe also the greate and ymportable Chardgf that yo' Ma6* hathe latelie susteyned, aswell in the necessarie Provision of all kinds of Munition for the better fortifienge bothe by Sea and Lande of yo' Highenes Domynions, and w^standinge of forraine Invasion, as also in the provident and nedefull pPvention of suche intended notorious Attemptf, as manefestlie tended not onelie to the disturbance of our Peace, but even of the utter overthrowe of the p>sent happie estate of this your Highenes Realme, to the miserable mine of divers other Countries associate and nere adjoyninge, and to the extirpacbn and rootinge out of the sincere profession of the Ghospell of Christ bothe here and elswhere ; And fynallie wayenge that the malice of the Adversaries of Godes Truthe, swome Enemies to yo' Ma* and to the Prosperitie of this Realme, dothe daylie encrease (as by manifold Popishe and most develishe Practises latelie discovered yt ys moste evedent and apparaunte) whereby moste daungerouse and Dloodie events are likelie to ensue, unlesse by the speciall goodnes of Allmightie God and by yo' Ma‘f provident care (as by a prindpall mearies) they maye be pvented, w® must nedes hereafter put yo' Hlghnes to verie greate and inestimable Expenses: In Consideiia£&n of the pmisses and for a trewe Declarac&n of their bounden Dueties good Harts and Myndf towardes yo' Ma*1', w® one uniforme Agreem1 Accorde and Consent togeather w"1 moste hartie good will, have gyven and graunted, and by these psentf doe gyve and graunte to yo' Highenes yo' Heires and Succesio", One Subsidie, in manner and fourme followinge. That is to say : That everie Archbisshopp Bisshopp Deane Archedeacon Provost M' of Colledge pbendarie Parson and Vicar, and everie other pson and psons of whatsoever Name or Degree hee or they bee w"4n the Province of Canterburie, enjoyenge any Spuall Promocftn or other Temporall Possession to the same Squall Promoc&n annexed, nowe not devided or seperated by Acte of Parliam* or otherwise from the Possession of the Cleargie, shall paye to your Highenes your Heires arid Successo's, for everie Pownde that hee maye yerelie dispend by reason of the said Spuall Promofbn, the some of Sixe shillingf: And for the trewe and certeyne value of all the Promofftns and everie of them, whereof the payment of this Subsedie shalbee made, the Rate Taxac&n ValuaC&n and Estimacbn nowe remayninge of Recorde in yo' Ma*f Courte of Exchequer for the payment of a perpetuall Disme or Tenth graunted to yo' Ma*f moste Noble Father in the xxvj,h yeare of his Raigne, conceminge suche Promod&ns as nowe bee in the Possession of the Cleargie, shall onelie bee followed and observed, w,hout makinge any Valuac&n Rate Taxaf&n or Estimacftn other then in the said Recorde ys nowe comprised: Provided allwayes, That forasmuche as the tenth pte of the said Rate and Valuation before menebed ys yearelie paid to your Highenes for the said ppetuall Disme, so as there remayneth onelie Nine ptf yearely to the Incumbent cleere, This Subsidie of vj s. the Pownde shalbee understanded and ment onelie of everie full Pownde of the said Nyne Parts and of no more: Provided allwayes, That no pson that hereafter shalbee promoted to any Benefice or Spuall Promoc&n, and shall compounde w* yo' Mau* yo’ Heires or Successo" for the Firste Fruitf of the same, after the secounde daye of October next ensuinge and on thisside the secounde daye of October wcl* shalbee in the yeare of o' Lord One thowsand fyve hundreth fowrescore and tenne, shalbe contributorie or charged for the same Benefice or Promotion to yo' Highenes yo' Heires or Successo's w® any pte of this Subsidie, ddringe the firste yeare after the tyme of any suche compoundinge for his Firste Fruitf ; And yo' fPlattf and Cleargie doe also graunte, that this Subsidie of Syxe Shillingf the Pownde, of the Nyne ptf of the yearelie valewe of everie Spuall Promocon aforesaid w^in the said Province taxed as ys aforesaid, shalbee paid to yo' Ma6' yo' Heires and Successo's in manner and fourme followinge, That ys to saye, Two Shillingf of everie pownde aforesaid yerelie untill the same be paid; the first payment thereof to bee due at the secounde daye of October wch shalbee in the yeare of o' Lord One thowsand fyve hundreth fowrescore and eight; And the secounde payment thereof to bee due at the secounde daye of October w® shalbee in the yeare of our Lord one thowsand fyve hundreth fowrescore and nine; And the thirde payment thereof to bee due at the secounde daye of October in the yeare of o' Lord One thowsand fyve hundreth fowrescore and tenne; to bee delivered and paid yearelie, by suche pson and psons as in this psent Graunte shall bee appoineted to have the Collecc&n thereof, to the Lord Highe Treasowrer or Under Treasourer of England for the

Tenor of the said Grant:

Motive* for the Subiidy.

Grant of 6«. in the Pound on the Value of all Spiritual Promotions, al rated to the King’t Tenth, under Stat. ad H.VIII. c.j.

but payable on Niae.Tentha only;

and not on the First Year after Promotion and compounding for Firat Fruiti:

Payable in Three Yea re, n. each

Time* of Payment.


9 L

774

29° Eliz. c. 7

A.D. 1586-1

Like Subsidy on Pensions to Priests, tec.

6s. 8d. per Ann. on Stipendiary Priests, at t£8. and above.

Bishops, See. shall be Collectors;

and shall certify Names of

Stipendiary Priests;

Payments shall be received from Collectors when tendered by them j

and Accounts be taken by Auditors, &c. Penalty io.

Collectors shall have the same Powers as for levying the Tenths, &c.

Allowance for

Collection, fill, in the Pound.

tyme beinge, or to suche pson or psons and in suche place or places as shall please yo' Highnes to appointe to bee paid, at or before the xxiju‘ daye of Januarie in everie of the said three yeares, w^out payenge any Thinge to the Receyvo' or to any other Officer or psons to bee assigned for the Receipte thereof, for any Acquitaunce or other Dischardge, upon any such Payment or Receipte of the said Subsidie or any pte thereof to bee gyven and delivered, but onelie Fowre Pence, and that to the Clarcke for writinge of everie of the same Acquitauncf or Dischardge for everie of the same paymentf: Item, Your Highenes said plats and Cleargie also doe graunte, that everie Preist and all other Ecclesiasticall psons, havinge any Pencon payable by yor Ma"' yor Heires or Successo™ by reason of the dissoluc&n of the late Monasteries Colledgf Free Chappelles Chauntries Fraternities Guilds and Hospitalles, or of any other Spuall Dignitie or Corporac&n nowe dissolved wlhin the said Province of Canterburie, shall likewise paye to yor Highenes yo' Heires and Successo's, Sixe Shilling^ of everie pownde of the said Pencttns w,hin the said three yeares, at suche dayes and tymes as are before specified; And that for the sure payment thereof, Deducc&n and Detenc&n of the said Sixe Shillingf shal bee made yearelie in the Hands of the payers of the said Penc&ns, after the Rate and Porcftn of Two Shillingf the pownde everie of the said three yeares, to bee accompted for and aunswered to yo' Ma'f Use by yo' Highenes Receyvo" and Officers deputed for the payment of suche Penctins, in their severall Accomptf w^in the w"1 Allowaunce shalbee gyven them for their payment of everie suche Penc&ns liable to the severall paymentf of the said Subsidie: Item, Your said p>lattf and Cleargie doe graunte that everie Preist or Minister Stypendarie receyvinge an aiiuell Stipend beinge no ppetuitie of Eight powndes or above, wthin the said Province, shall paye unto the use of yo' Highenes yo' Heires and Successo's vj s. viij d. in everie of the said Three years, at suche tyme and to suche psons as the said Subsidie shalbee paid ; and for defaulte of the payment of the said Stipendaries, that everie Pson Vicar or other Spuall or Temporall pson Proprietarie or Farmo', hieringe any Preest or Minister to serve in any Place, shall bee aunswerable and chardged for and wth the payin' of the said Sixe shillingf eight pence, for the said Preiste or Minister everie of the said Three yeares, and shall and maye make Retenc&n of his and their Wags quarterlie, of so muche as the said Stipendaries bee chardged w* by this f?sent Graunt, everie of the saide Three yeares : Item, Yo' said pHatf and Cleargie doe graunte, that everie Archbisshopp, and (the Sea beinge void) everie Deane and Chapter of that Sea voide, shalbee Collecto" of this Subsidie w,hin their proper Diocesse duringe the saide Three yeares, other then of the Pencbners aforesaid ; and the said Archbisshopp Bisshopp, or the Sea beinge voide the Deane and Chapter, shall certifie into yo' Ma'f Courte of Exchequer, under their Seales, the Names and Surnames of all suche Stipendarie Preestf & Ministers w'Sn their Dioces, as bee chardgable by this Acte, at or before the said xxij"1 daye of Januarie yerelie duringe the said Three yeares: And those Stipendarie Preestf and Ministers onelie shalbee reputed and taken to bee chargeable by this Acte, w0" shallbee in suche sorte certified unlesse w^in Three yeeres next after suche Certificate exhibited, yt shalbe justlie proved that some are omitted that ought therein to have byne certified; And in this case suche and so manie other Stipendarie Preestf and Ministers shalbee likewise accompted chardgeable by this Acte as w"4n the said three yeres shallbee so fownde to have byne omitted: And yo' said p>lattf and Cleargie doe moste humblie beseeche yo' Ma,iL, that yt maye be Enacted by yo' Mati' and yo' Highe Courte of Pliam1 (for the speedie payin' of the said Subsidie and to avoide Delayes thereof) that when and as often as

any Collecto' or Collecto" chargeable w,h the Colleccbn of this Subsidie or of any pte thereof, or the Depude or

Deputies of any of them, shall offer the payin' therof or of any pte thereof to the use of yo' Ma"' yo' Heires or Successo's, to any pson or psons appointed to receyve the same by yo' Highenes or by the said Lord Highe Tftrer, that the said pson or psons so appointed shall, w,hin sour dayes next after suche Appointem', receyve or cawse to bee receyved the Money so offered to bee paid, w,hout any further delaye, and deliver one sufficient Bill tesdfienge the Receipte thereof to the said Collecto' or his Depude, upon everie suche pdculer payement: And that everie suche Auditor as ys or shalbe appoineted to take or receyve the Accompte of any suche Collecto' or Collecto", shall wuin sixe dayes next after Request to him to bee made, trewlie and indifferentlie take the said Accompte and make Allowaunce as by this Graunte ys appoineted; upon payne that everie suche pson and psons appointed to receyve the same somme or summes of money so offered, and everie suche Audito' shall lose and forfeyte, for everie defaulte or delaye to be made, to the Collecto' or Collecto" so offeringe to make Payment or Accompte as ys aforesaid, the somme of Tenne powndf of lawfull money of England; the one moytie thereof to bee to y' Mall' yo' Heires and Successo", and the other moytie to the said Collecto' or Collecto" so greyed, the same to bee paide upon Complainte made to the said Lord Ttirer Under Tflrer or to the Lord Cheife Baron of yo' Ma'f Courte of Exchequer, who uppon suche Complainte shall p>sentlie examine the Matter, & findinge defaulte, shall comitte the Offendo' to Warde, there to

remayne until hee shall have paid the said severall sommes so forfeyted: And for better levieng and recoveringe of

the said Subsidie, yo' said Prelatf and Cleargie doe lykewise moste humblie beseche yo' Highenes that yt maye bee enacted by yo' MaUc and yo' said Highe Courte of Parliament, in manner and fourme (That ys to saye) j that everie Collecto' of the said Subsidie, and of everie pte and pcell thereof, and their lawfull Deputie or Deputies, maye have full Power and Aucthoritie, to use all suche Wayes and Meanes and Processe as be p'seribed in the Acte of perpetuall Disme for the Collecc&n and levienge of the same; and maye make accompte thereof before the Lord Highe Treasourer or Under Treasourer of England for the tyme beinge, or any other Officer by yo' Highenes or yo' Court of Exchequer to bee appoineted for the same, and in suche place as yo' Ma"' likewise shall assigne, in suche wise and after suche forme onelie as the saide Archebisshopp and Bisshopps bee nowe chardged to make Accompt for the saide ppetuall Dismes or Tenth; wherebye ys ment that the lacke and default of Payment of and for any Spuall Promof&n or Promod&ns, shall onelie chardge suche Incumbent or Incumbentf, and suche others as bee bounde to paye the same: And that the Archbisshopp Bisshopp Deane and Chapter gatheringe that wch they canne receyve, and making payment thereof, shall for the rest, not by them receyved, bee discharged by their Certificate to bee made at or before the xxij,u daye of Januarie in everie of the saide three yeares unto yo' Highenes Courte of Exchequer: And that sixe pence of everie pownde wherew"1 the Collecto' shalbee chardged in his Accompte, clerelie to bee paid into the Receipte of yo'



A.D. 1586-7.

29° Eliz. c.7

775

Maf Exchequer, or into suche other place as it shall please yo' Highenes to appointe, shalbec allowed to the said Collecto' upon his Accompte for the same, in everie of the saide three yeares, for the Charges of the said Colleccftn Portage saffe conveyinge and payenge of the said Subsidies : And moreover that yt maye be enacted likewise, that after any payment of the said Subsidie shalbee once due by vertue of this Graunte in any of the said three yeares, yf any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promoctin Spuall chardged to the Payin' of the said Subsidie, beinge at any tyme after that the same Payment shall bee due lawfullie monished, either psonallie or at his Dignitie Stall Churche or Mansion Howse, by the Archbisshopp or Bisshopp of the Dioces or his Deputie or Deputies, or the Deane and Chapyter the Sea beinge voide, or by any their Deputie or Deputies aucthorized in that Behalfe, to appeare by himselfe or his Deputie, at a certeyne Daye and Place of convenient Distaunce to the said Incumbent then to bee signified and pfaced, and then and there to paye suche pte of the said Subsidie of his Benefice or Promoc&n Spuall as then bye vertue of this Graunte shalbee due, doe not either at the same Daye and Place so to him signified and pfixed, trewelie content and paye, or cawse to bee contented and payed, the same pte of the said Subsidie w* then by him shalbee due to bee paid unto the same Archbisshopp or Bisshop or to his Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapter of any Sea beinge voide, or to their Deputie or Deputies, or to one of them shewinge sufficient Deputac&n from the said Archbisshopp Bisshopp or Deane and Chapter, under his or their Seale in that Behalfe, beinge readie at the same Daye and Place so signified and pfixed to receyve any Payment of the said Subsidie then due, and openlie demaundinge the same, or else paye the same w'hin sortie dayes next after any such pfixed Daye at the furthest, (so that open demaunde be made of the said Subsidie in and at the said Place and Daye before pfixed,) that then everie Incumbent so makinge defaulte of Payment of his pte of the said Subsidie in any

of the said Three yeares, after suche defaulte thereof certified into yor Ma"" Exchequer in Writinge under the Seale

and Hand Writinge of any Archbisshopp or Bisshopp, or the Comon Seale of the Deane & Chapter the Sea beinge voide, charged w"* the Collecc&n of the same Subsidie, so that the said Certificat shalbee made accordinge to the fburme hereafter expressed, and exhibited into yor Ma'f said Courte of Exchequer at or before the two and twentith daye of Januarie in everie of the saide Three yeares, shall forfeyte and lose unto yo1 Mau* yor Heires and Successo™, all the Proffitt* w'h of that onelie Dignitie Benefice or Promofftn for the wd‘ he maketh suche Defaulte of Payment, and wherof suche Certificat shalbee made, shall come growe or arise unto him, (over and above the Charges of servinge of the Cure,) in one whole yeare next after suche Certificat made and delivered into your Highenes Courte of Exchequer, and there admitted, in case the same Incumbent shall so longe live; and that everie suche Certificat of any suche defaulte of Payment shalbee made accordinge to the teno' and effecte ensuinge mutatis mutandis: Honorabilib} et egregiis viris, Dno Thesaurario et Baronibj de Scaccario Illustrissime Dne lire Dne Elizabeth Dei gra Angt Franc! et Hitm Regine, fidei defensor, &c. Vester humilis, I. pmissione Divina L. Episcopus, aucthoritate et vigore cujusdam Actus Parliament Anno Regni dcfe Dne Regine vicesimo nono editi et provisi, ad colligend et

levand Subsidium eidem Dne Regine in eodem Pliamento p P'latos et Clerum Cantuarien Provincie concessum, vidett,

pro prima soluc&e inde solvend secundo die Octobris, ultimo preterito, infra Diocesim nram L. deputatus et auctorizatus, omnimodam reverentiam tantis viris debitam cum honore. Vestris reverentiiis harum serie annuntio et certifico me jpfatu Epum, modo quo Pfertur deputatu et auctorizat, sufficienter et cum omni diligentia requisisse per N. O. deputat meu in hac pte, de quocunqs Beneficio & Promote Ecclesiastica in quadam schedula psentibj annex specificads, summas dCS Subsidii pro dSs Beneficiis et Promoc&ibj debitas, pro prima soluf&e dcfi Subsidii debif solvend d2o secundo die Octobris ultimo prseterito, prout in eadem schedula psentiby annex plenius liquet et apparet; Sed dictas summas ex causis in eadem schedula allegads recipere non potui. In cujus rei testimoniu, sigillum meum psentibj apposui. Dai die Anno Dni millesimo quingentessimo octogesimo octavo. The Fourme

of w* Schedule above menc&ed ensuethe: Civitas L. vel Decanatus de H. A. B. Rector, vel Vicarius ibidem monitus suit apud Pdicf die ultimo preterito p N. O. deputatum

meu, ad solvend apud Ecclesiam de L. in com P. die prox sequefi, illam partem Subsidii p ipum debitam

seomdo die Octobris ultimo pterito, pro Promocfte sua pdiffa. Sed pdicf A. B. nec apud Ecclesiam de L. pdict, eodem die nec alibi p quadragint dies postea, summam p ipum debitam (ut pfertur) solvit vel

sadsfedt: neq, dictam summam de proficuis dicte promotionis nec de bonis et cattallis died A. B. aliquo modo levari, seu recipere potui. Provided alwayes. That yf any pson or Incombent, chargeable by this Acte or Graunte to any Payment of this Subsidie, shall proffer or tender Payment of any summe due to the Archebisshopp or

Bisshopp, or to the Deane and Chapter where the Sea ys voide, or to any Depurie or Deputies of any

Archebisshopp Bisshopp or Deane and Chapter aforesaid, at any tyme before the Ceruficat exhibited into the Exchequer as ys aforesaid, that then notw^standinge the Certificate made as ys aforesaid againste any suche pson, the said Incumbent, or pson againste whom the Certificat was so made, shall and maye averre the Offer or Tender of his Payment as ys aforesaid; And of the same shall bee tried either by sufficient Witnesses before the Lord Ttlrer and Barons of the Exchequer, or by the Triall of xij Men uppon any Issue thereupon to bee joyned betwixt the same Incumbent or any other pson or psons, that he or any for him did offer or tender the Payment of the somme due as is aforesaid, That then every such Incumbent shall have and enjoye his Promocfin or Promoc&ns still, w*out forfeyting or losinge to yo' Mau' yo' Heires or Successo" any of the Proffittf thereof, and as thoughe no Certificate or Defaulte of suche Payment had bene made or

exhibited ; Any Thinge in this Graunte or Acte to the comrade notwithstandinge : And further. That it maye bee enacted likewise that everie Archbishopp and Bisshopp, and Deane and Chapter of everie Sea vacant, and other peons chargeable to and w* the Collec&n of the said Subsidie of vj s. the Pownde wlhin the saide Province of Cantorburie, shall and maye have upon everie Payment of the same Subsidie, made to the Lord Highe Ttlrer or Under Treasowrer of England for the tyme beinge, or to suche other pson or psons in place and placf to whome and where yt shall please yo' Highenes or yo' Courte of Exchequer to appointe for the Receipte thereof in everie

Incumbent of any Benefice, on Demand of Subtidy from him, and Certificate by the Biahop into the Exchequer of Non-payment, shall forfeit tuch Benefice;

Form of tuch Certificate i

and Schedule to be annexed.

Incumbent may tender the Sum due at any Time before Certificate it exhibited.

Acquittance! to Collectors paying Subsidies to Lord Treasurer:

776

29° Eliz. c. 7.

A.D. 1586-7-

Feci tlicrcon

Particular Acquittances by Collector* to Incumbents.

Names of Deputy Collector! shall lie certified.

No Spiritual Promotions shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

Deans, Ike. chargeable for their Promotions.

I /. motion of Revenue* of Cathedrals, ,vc. appropriated to the Poor, &c.

Certificate of such Revenues.

Persons paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy>

Exemption for Lands of Chauntrics, &c. vested in the Crown under Stat. t Edw. VI. c. I*.

or since, as Lands concealed, See.

tif the said Three yeares, a sufficient Acquitaunce Discharge or Quietus est in Writinge of the said Lord Highe Ttirer or Under Tresourer, or of suche other pson or psons as either yo' Highenes or yor said Court of Exchequer shall assigne for the Receipte thereof, or as heretofore in the like Cases it hathe byne accustomed, the same Acquitaunce Dischardge or Quietus est witnessinge the Receipte of so muche of the same summe of the said Subsidie as shalbee so receyved; And everie such Acquittaunce Dischardge or Quietus est in Writinge, sealed and subscribed w"‘ the Name or Names of the saide Lord Highe Treasourer or Under Treasourer for the tyme beinge, or of suche Auditor or other pson or psons as yt shall please your Highenes or yo' said Courte of Exchequer to appointe for the same Receiptf, or of suche others as heretofore in like Cases yt hathe byne used, shall and maye be good and effectuall in the Lawe, and bee also as sufficient a dischardge to all and everie of the said Collecto", to all suche Intentf Construc£6ns and Purposes, as yf the same were made by Acte of Pliam': And that everie of the said Collecto" shall paye but onelie three shillings and iiij d. for everie generall and finall Acquittaunce, Dischardge or Quiet5 est, for everie yeares Payment of the said Subsidie: And also that everie pticuler Acquitaunce wch uppon payment of any parte of the said Subsidie shalbee made by any Collecto' or Collecto" of the same Subsidie, or of any Payment thereof, or by his or their Deputie or Deputies in that behalfe, to any Incombent of any Benefice or Promocon Spuall, or to any pson or psons contributorie and chargeable to and w‘h the same Subsidie, or any Pte or Payment thereof, shalbee good and effectuall in the Lawe, and a full and sufficient dischardge to everie suche Incumbent, and other pson, and his Benefice and Promotion Spuall, of and for all suche Summe and Summes of Money as by the same Acquitaunce shall bee acknowledged to be receyved, in respecte of the same Benefice or Promocon Spuall, for any Payment or any pte of the same Subsidie; And that none Acquitaunce of any other pson or psons made before suche Certihcat, shall in any wise discharge anye pson or promocon, for any pte of his Subsidie, nor of any Payne Penaltie or Forfeyture specified in this Graunte : And to thentent yt maye bee knowen to the Courte of Exchequer who bee the Deputie or Deputies of everie suche Archebisshopp Bisshopp or Deane and Chapter, aucthorized to receyve the same, and to make Acquitaunce thereof, everie Archebisshopp and Bisshopp, and Deane and Chapter of any Sea beinge voide, shall yerelie, w"' the Certificate of the Names of the Stipendarie Preestf, certifie the Names of everie the Deputies to bee appointed as ys aforesaid : Provided allwayes, that no Spuall Promotions, or any Landes Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, beinge charged by this Graunte of the Province of Canterburie, or any Goodes or Cattelles growinge beinge or renewinge upon the same, or elswhere apperteyninge to the Owners of the said Spuall Promocons or to any of them, shalbee chardged or made contributorie to any Fifteene or Tenthe, or any other Subsidie alreadie graunted to yor Highenesse by the Laytie, or hereafter to bee graunted duringe the Terme of the said three yeares: Provided also, That all Deanes Archedeacons Dignities Maisters Wardens and fPbendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colltgf, or any of them, w"'in the said Province, shalbee chardged w" this Subsidie for those Possessions Revenues and Promocons wc" to their severall Promocons Dignities and Roomes are clerelic and distinctelie lymited, and to their onelie Uses severed, thereof to paye (the Tenthe part beinge deducted) syxe shillingf of everie full Pownde onelie, within the saide three yeares, in manner and fourme and ys above rehersed: And that all those Rents Possessions pffittf Portions Hereditamentf and Spuall Promocons, and everie of them, heretofore by yor Highenes or any yor Ma'f noble Progenito", or any other pson or psons whatsoev5, gyven graunted bequeathed devyzed or impropried unto the said Cathedral or Collegiate Churches or Collegf, or to any of them, w"' any wayes be assigned ymployed or used either for or towardes the yearelie Maineten’nce of Readers of Dyviuitie Poore Men Scholemaisters Usshers Grammarians Peticannons Conductf Vicars Chorall Singingmen Choristers Vergerers, Sextons, or of any other necessarie or dayelie Officers or Ministers in suche Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledgf or any of them, or for or towardes the reedifinge or repairinge of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Collegf, shall not bee charged wu‘ any pte of this Subsidie; the certeynetie of wcl* Porc&ns, aswell chargeable to this Subsidie as not chardgeable in this behalfe, the Archbisshopp, or Bisshopp of the Diocesse, or (the Sea beinge voide) the Deane and Chapter, or any other to whome the same shall or may apperteyne, upon due Scarche and Examination, shall certifie under his or their Seale into yo' Highenesse said Courte of Exchequer at or before the said xxij,h daye of Januarie in everie of the said Three yeares: Provided allwayes, that everie Pson Vicar or other Spuall Pson payenge any Penc&n whereof no Allowance ys made in the Valuac&n of his Promoc&n or Benefice, shall and maye reteyne Two Shillingf of everie pownde of everie suche Penc&n everie yeare duringe the said three yeares to his owne Releife, in considerac&n that hee ys charged to paye this Subsidie of syxe shillingf the pownde out of everie pownd of the whole valewe of his Promotion; Any Coven*nte Graunte or Band to the conrrarie notwithstandinge: Provided also, and yo' said p>lats and Cleargie doe moste humblie beseche yo' Highenesse that yt maye be enacted by yo' Ma'f Aucthoritie and yo' Highe Courte of Parliament, That where certeyne Landes Tciitf Rents Spuall Promoc&ns Tithes Pencons Porc&ns Fruitf, and other Hereditamentf, latelie belonginge to diverse Cathedrall Churches, and to other places & psons Ecclesiasticall w"'in the said Province of Cantorburie, w"' were given and assigned to bee bestowed and spent in and on findinge and mainteyninge of certeyne Chaunteries Anniversaries Obitf Lights Lampes, and other like Chargf Intentf and Purposes, of late came into the Hands and Possession of the late Kinge of famouse memorie Edwarde the Sixte, by the force of a Statute thereof made in the first yeare of his Raigne, as by the saide Statute more playnelie appeareth ; That the saide Cathedrall Churches and the Bisshoppes Deanes or jPsidentf and Chapters and pbendaries of the same, and all other placf and psons Ecclesiasticall or any of them, to whome the said Lands Rents and other the p>misses or any of them did latelie apperteyne, shall not duringe the said three yeares be chardged to and wlh any payment of Subsidie, of and for that pte and porcon of Landes Tents Rents Spuall Promocons and other Hereditamentf or any of them, whereunto the said late Kinge by force of the said Statute was entituled or possessed of, nor of any yearlie Rents or Paymentf goinge out of the said Cathedrall Churches and other the placf and psons Ecclesiasticall aforesaid; and that Deducc&n and Allowaunce thereof bee made to them and everie of them accordinglie, in and upon everie


A.D. 1586-?.

29° Eliz. c.7.

777

payment of the said Subsidie, out of the whole Valewe Tax aeon and Estimacon made for the payment of the said ppetuall Disint or Tenth remayninge of Recorde in yor Highenes Courte of Exchequer, for that rate and porcon of Lands Teiitf Rents Spuall Promoc&ns and other Hereditamentf and those yeerelie paymentf whereunto the said late Kinge was intituled or possessed of, or wd‘ since the makinge of the said Statute, by reason that they have byne fownde as Landes Tents Rents Tithes or other Hereditamentf concealed from the late Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, the late Kinge Henrie the eight the late Queene Marie, or any of them, or from yor Ma"', or otherwise, are severed from the possessions of the said Cathedral Churches and other placf and p6ons aforesaid or of any of them by force of the Statute p'mised or any otherwise: Provided also, That this Subsidie graunted by the Cleargic shall not be demaunded or levied out of any Benefice Howse of Students or Colledge, scituate or set w"'in either of the Univ*sities of Cambridge or Oxford, or any Benefice Lands or other Revenues unto the said Univ’sities or either of them, or to any Howse of Students or Colledge in any of the same Univ'sides, united appropriated or apperteyninge, or out of any Benefice Lands or Revenues of the Colledge of Windesor, or of the Colledge of Westfii, beinge of yo' Ma’f Foundacon, or of the Colledge of Eaton nighe Windesor, or of the Colledge called S* Maries Colledge by Winchester, founded by Willyam Wickham sometyme Bisshopp of Winchester, or of any Hospitalles Aimes Howses or Grammer Scholes, or of any Churche Benefice or other Revenues, to the sayd Colledgf Hospitalles Aimes Howses Aimes Halles or Grammer Scholles or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwise apperteyning: Provided allwayes, That all Psons Vicars and other Ecclesiasticall pson, whose Beneficf are not above vj ti. xiij s. and iiij d. by yeare, after the Taxacftn aforesaid, shall not bee chardged w"1 this Subsidie or any pte thereof: Provided also, That everie Vicar whose Benefice ys viij ti. or above and not above Tenne powndf by the yeare, after the Taxation aforesaid, shall paye everie yeare of the said three yeares, onely vj s. viij d. for his pte of the said Subsidie, as Stipendarie Preestf bee charged to paye by force of this Graunte and not otherwise; and yf it bee under Eight pounds, hee shall not bee chardged w"1 any pte of the said Subsidie : Provided also, That everie Freest and all other Ecclesiasticall or late Religeouse psons, havinge a Penc6n by reason of the dissolution of the late Monasteries Colledgf Frechappelles Chaunteries Fraternities Guildes and Hospitalles, or any other Incorporation wlkin the Province of Cantorburie or any of them, and beinge of the some of Fyve powndf or under and not above, shall not be chardged or chafdgeable for anie such Penc&n; Any thinge conteyned in this Graunte to the contrarie notwithstandinge. And for the sure and trewe paynd of this Subsidie, graunted by yor said pPlattf and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburie, accordinge to the tenor purport effecte and trewe meaninge of this pbent Graunte, Yo' said {Plattf and Cleargie moste humblie desier yor Higehnes that this their said Guifte Graunte and Subsidie, and everie Matter somme of Money Petition C.lawse Provisions and Sentences in this Instrument conteyned concerninge the said Subsidie, maye be ratified established and confirmed by the Aucthoritie of yor Highenes Court of Fliam': In quo£ oiniu et singulorum p'missorum fidem et testimoniu, nos Johannes Archiepiscopus antedictus, has p'sentes tras nostras testimoniales, sive hoc p'sens Publicu Instrumentum, ad humilem rogatum Prelatop et Cleri p*dict, Sigilli nri appensione ac signo note et subscription Thome Redman Notarii Publici deputati Johis Incent Registarii nri principalis, fecimus et jussimus coinmuniri. Dal dco tertio die mensis Marcij, Anno Dili juxta computationem Ecclesie Angelicane, Millessimo quingentessimo octogessimo sexto, Regniq, vestri felicissimi, Anno vicesimo nono, et nre Trans, .-Anno quarto.

Wherfore for the trewe and sure payment of the Subsidie, graunted by the said p>lattf and Cleargie of the said Province of Cantorburie, accordinge to the Tenor Effecte and trewe Meaninge of the sayd Instrument, Be yt Enacted by the Queenes moste Excellent Ma'", with the assent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Cdmons in this psent Pliament assembled, and by the aucthoritie of the same, That the said Guifte Graunt, and everie Matter soome of Money Peticbn Provicdn Clause and Sentence in the same Instrument conteyned, shall stande and bee ratified established and confirmed by the Aucthoritie of this p>sent Pliament.

And Further bee it enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid, That everie pson that shalbe appointed to the Collcccdn and Gatheringe of the said Subsidie, shall have full power and aucthoritie to levie take and pceyve the same Subsidie by the Aucthoritie of the Censures of the Church, That ys to saye, by Suspencon Excommunication or Interdiction, and also by Sequestrac&n of the Fruitf and Proffittf of their Beneficf and Promoc&ns Spuall, in whose Handes soever theye bee, and to make sale of the same Fruitf, w"'out daunger of the Lawes, or by Distresse uppon the Possessions of the Farmo" or Occupiers of the Landes and Teiitf, chargeable by the said Instrument, for or to the payment of any somme or sommes of Money to bee due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discretion of the Collecto' thereof; And that no Replevie Prohibiti&n or Supsedeas shalbee allowed or obeyed for any pson or psons makinge defaulte of the payment of the said Subsidie, contrarie to the teno' of the Graunte thereof, untill suche tyme as they have trewlie satisfied and contented all suche pte and portions as to them in that behalfe apperteyneth : And that everie suche Farmo' & Farmo", their Executo" and Assignes, that shall fortune hereafter to bee chardged to and w'1' the paym' of the said Subsidie or any pte therof, shall by the aucthoritie aforesaid bee allowed and reteyne in his Hands asmuche of his yerelie Rent and Farme as the somme wdl hee shall fortune to paye for his Lord or Lessor shall extend unto; Excepte that the said Farmo' or Farmo" their Exccuto" or Assignes, by the Lease and Graunte that they have of any pte of the Landes Tithes Proffittf Teiitf chargeable to the said Subsidie, or by force of anye Coven’nte or Article therein conteyned, bee bounde and charged to paye the same, and thereof to dischardge the Lessor and Landelorde duringe the Terme menc&ned in the said Lease.

And likewise bee it enacted by the aucthoritie of this p'sent Pliam', That whereas divers Curattf liable to this Subsidie beinge oftentymes removeable, doe serve aswell in divers Impropriations belonginge to the Queenes Ma‘", as in other Spuall Promotions belonginge to other psons j That for the spedie Recoverie of the said Subsidie, it maye be lawfull

Exemption for College* in the Universities, Jtc.

Benefices not 4-

Vicarages from £9. to £io.

exceeding £6. 13.

Pensions not exceeding

This Subsidy to be confirmed by Parliament.

Such Subsidy confirmed by Parliament, accordingly.

ir.

The said Subsidy shall be levied by Spiritual Censures, or by Distress; and when paid by Farmers shall be allowed out of their Rents; unless on express Covenant to the contrary.

III.


9 M

778

29° Eliz. c.7, 8.

.ZJ.1586-7.

Subsidy upon Impropriation! may be levied on the Farmers thereof.

Diitresies may be appraiied and fold.

IV.

Lav Impropriator! shall be charged under tliii Act for their Spiritual Promotions.

V.

Subiidy of the Province of York shall be collected under this Act.

VI. All Proviaions in the Grants confirmed.

Motives for thii Subiidy

to the Collecto' or Collecto" of the said Subsidie, their Deputie or Deputies, to levie the said Subsidie uppon the Farmo' or Farmo" or Occupiers of all suche Ympropriacons and Spuall Promocftns, by all Censures of the Churche aforesaid and everie of them, or by waye of Distresse of Tithes of the said Impropriafttn or Impropriac&ns and Spuall Promof&ns, or otherwise upon the Goodes and Cattalles of the said Farmo' or Farmo" and Occupiers, in w* case no Inhibif&n Prohibic&n Replevie or other Pcesse awarded to the contrarie, shalbee obeyed; Any Lawe Statutf Priviledgf or Customes to the contrarie hereof, heretofore made graunted or used, or hereafter to be made graunted or used, to the contrarie in any wise notw^standinge: And that yt maye bee lawfull to the Collecto", and the Officers and Ministers of suche Archebisshopp Bisshopp and Deane and Chapter, for not payment of the said Subsidie after the same shalbee due in any of the said three yeares, to prise and valewe the said Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent Neighbo" by him to bee chosen, and the Distresse or Distresses so prised, to sell, and thereof to deteyne so muche Money as shall amounte to the somme payable to the Quenes Mau*, w* the reasonable Chargf also of the said Collecto' susteyned in that behalfe; and the rest of the Money made of the said Distresse, to bee delivered and paied to the Owner and Occupier thereof.

Provided allwayes and bee yt enacted by the aucthoride aforesaid, That everie Laye pson having Spuall Promof&n changeable by this Acte, and also havinge Temporall Possessions Goodes Chattelles and Debts chardged to the said Subsidie graunted in this Pliam* by the Temporaltie, shalbe taxed chardged and set for his said Spuall Promoc&ns wth the Cleargie, and his Temporall Possessions and Chattelles Reall wlh the Temporalde, and not otherwise; Any Thinge before meneoned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And bee it further enacted by thaucthoriue aforesaid, That all and everie Graunte and Grauntes of all and everie somme and sommes of Money, wch hereafter shall bee graunted to the Queenes Ma,le by the Cleargie of the Province of Yorcke, shalbee of the same strengthe force and effecte in all things as the said Graunte made by the said Province of Cauntorburie; and shalbe taxed certified collected levied gathered and paid, accordinge to the teno' fourme and effecte of this present Acte of Parliament, to all Intentf Construcc&ns and Purposes, in suche manner and fourme as thoughe yt were speciallie plainelie and pdculerlie expressed and rehersed in this pnte Acte, by expresse Wordes Termes and Sentencf in their severall Natures and Kindes.

Provided allwayes and bee yt enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaid. That all Provisoes before rehersed, conteyned in the said Graunte of the p>lats and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburie, and the like of the same Provisoes hereafter to be conteyned in the Graunte of the p>lates and Cleargie of the Province of Yorcke, shalbee good and effectual), and to bee observed and kepte in everie Pointe and Article, accordinge to the trewe purport and meaninge of the same.

CHAPTER VIII. (’)

An Acte for the graunte of one entier Subsidie and Twoe Fifteenes and Tenthes graunted by the Temporaltie.

CONSIDERINGE wth oure selves (moste graciowse Soveraigne) what infynyte Chardges yo' Highnes hathe bene dryven to susteyne, besides yo' contynewal Pryncelie care to prevent and withstande the sondrye moste daungerowse Practizes and Enterprises of longe tyme devised, and from tyme to tyme contynewallie pursued & put in practize, by that capitall Enemye unto God and yo' Matie, whoe for mayntan*nce of his usurped awthoritie, and to suppresse the trewe Chrisdan Religeon professed w^in bothe yo' Ma’f Realmes of Englande and Irelande, hathe by all meanes to hym possible provoked and stirred upp others of greate power to doe what they can for the utter ruynatinge of the former happie Estates of bothe the same Realmes, whiche throughe the Assistaunce of the Almighde and by yo' Ma'f greate Care and pollitique Foresight hathe bene hetherto, and by Gods Grace hereafter still shalbe, sufficientlie and effcctuallie provided for and defended; and understandinge also that at this present, there are verey greate Preparac&ns made and in making in forreyne partes, bothe for Sea and Lande, of intenc&n to invade yo' Maf Realmes and Domynyons, to the greate daunger of all yo' good faithfull Subjects; And weyeng withe o' selves howe provident lie theis their like intenebns have bene hetherunto prevented and frustrate, and the inwarde Peace of yo' Realme longer contynewed then ever was in any tyme of yo' Progenito", and howe necessarilie greate quandde of yo' Treasure hathe bene expended in maynteyn*nce of the saide Peace, and what daungerowse Effects woulde followe, yf by Gods goodnes and some pollitique Meanes the same Cowrse shoulde not be contynewed, and theis intended Invasions w^stoode withowt delaye, whiche Wee manyfestlie see can in no wise be doon or pformed withowt a contynewall and inestymable Chardge: Wee therefore yo' Maf moste loyall and obedient Subjects, having in all Dutie, for Gods honno' yo' Ma‘f savetie and o' owne suertie and libertie as yt behoveth us, due considersc&n of the pmisS, shoulde shewe o' selves not onlie moste unthanckfull for so manye and so inestimable benefites so longe tyme receyved by Gods goodnes, usinge yo' MatW as his speciall Distributo' of the same in yo' pryncelye and carefull Governement of us, but also utterlie careles, yea wilfullie Contempno" of o' owne Quyet & Savetie, yf Wee shoulde not make offer to yelde unto yo' Ma,k, besides the service of o' bodies naturallie due to be bestowed in defence of o' comon Mother and Countrey, some Contribuc&n owt of o' Lands and Goods to the uttermoste of o' habilitie, and that in a better maner and more agreable to the truthe of o' meanynge wheare the same ought of right to bee yelded than

1 From the Original Act. See Note at beginning of this YeaT.


1586-7-

<&)" Eliz. c. 8.

779

hathe bene seane and executed in manye places amongest the richer sorte for like Contribucttn, by Corrupc&n or greate Negligence of them to whome the speciall Care thereof was comytted ; And therefore to shewe o'selves aswell thanckfull towards youre Mal", as carefull to provyde that whiche maye be for o' owne safetie, Do w‘h all humylitie, present unto yor Highnes, a Subsidie and Twoe Fyfteenes and Tenthes towards yo' Highnes greate Chardges: And for the better Assur*nce and levieng of this o' small Contribucon of One Subsidie and Twoe Fiftenes and Tenthes,

Wee yo* faithfull and obedient Subjects, doe moste humblie beseche yo' Ma"* that yt maye bee inacted by the Grunt of Two

awthoritie of this present Pliament, in maner and forme followeng, that is to saye; That yo' Highnes shall have Twoe

Fyfteenes and Tenthes, to be paied taken and levied of the moveable Goods Cattelles and other Things usuall to PJ)lble

suche Fifteenes and Tenthes to be contributorie and chardgeable, within the Shieres Cities Boroughes Townes & dUucdng^'fi.oooo

other Placf of this yo' Ma*f Realme, in maner and forme aforetyme used ; Excepte the some of Twelve thowsande °ut °^c,ch»f<£

powndf thereof fullie to be deducted, that is to saye, Sixe thowsande powndf of either of the saide whole Fifteenes

and Tenthes, in Relief Comforte and Dischardge of the poore Townes Citties and Boroughes of this yo' saide Realme,

wasted desolate or destroyed or over greatelie ympoverished ; after suche Rate as was and hathe afore this tyme bene

hadd and made to everie Shier, and to be dyvided in suche maner and forme as heretofore for one whole Fifteene

and Tenthe hathe bene had and divided ; And the saide Twoe Fiftenes and Tenthes (the Excepc&n & Deduction

aforesaide thereupon had deducted and allowed) to be paied in maner and forme followinge, That is to saye; The firste

whole Fiftene and Tenthe (excepte before excepted) to be paied to yo' Highnes in the Receipte of yo' Highnes

Exchequo', on and before the tenthe daye of November next comynge; And the saide seconde Fiftene & Tenthe (except

before excepted) to be paid to yo' Highnes in the saide Receipte of youre Exchequo', on or before the tenth daye of

November whiche shall be in the yeare of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundreth fowrescorc and eighte.

And Be yt further Inacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, That the Knightf elected and returned of and for the Collector/shall he Shieres within this Realme for this present Pliament, Cittizens of Cities, Burgeses of Boroughes and Townes, wheare ,l,c

Collecto" have bene used to be named and appoynted for the Collection of anye Fiftene and Tenthe before this tyme Parliament fbrMie graunted, shall name and appoynte before the tenthe daye of Awguste next comynge, sufficient and able psons to be severl1 Shirei,Sic.-. Collecto" for the Collecf&n of the saide firste Fifteene and Tenthe; and also shall likewise name and appoynte before the tenthe daye of Awguste, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth fowrescore and eighte, other sufficient & able psons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the seconde Fiftene and Tenthe in everie of the saide Shieres Cities Borroughes and Townes; the saide psons then havinge Lands Tefitf and other Hereditam'f in theire owne Right of an Estate of Inheritance of the yerelie value of Twentie powndf, or in Goods woorthe Twoe hundreth powndf at the leaste, after suche rate & value as he shalbe rated at in the Subsidie Booke, yf anye suche be in the saide lymytes, and for want of suche so assessed, that those shalbe appoynted Collecto" that then shalbe rated and taxed in the Subsydie Booke in Lands or Goods nerest to the values aforesaide; And also suche pson and Such Collectors psons so by them to bee named and appoynted for the Collection of the said Twoe Fifteenes and Tenthes, shalbe by ^vcraTDirUi'ons\° them severallie appoynted and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Citties Boroughes and Townes; And also the and chargeable saide psones so named and appoynted for the Collection of the saide severall Fiftenes and Tenthes, shall be severallie severally; chardged and chardgeable, upon his or theire Accompte or Accomptf in the Exchequo' to be made, wu‘ all suche some or somes of Money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughes and Townes wheare he or they shall so happen to be appoynted shall amownt unto, and of no more s5me or somes; And upon the payment of suche somes of money as he or they shall bee so chardged w*", shalbe discharged and have his and theire Quietus est;

The not accomptinge or non payment of anye other his Fellowes, or the insufficiencie of them or anye of them

notwithstandinge; And the Names and Surnames of everie of the saide Collecto" for the saide Firste Fifteene and Tenthe, and their Names

together wlh the places allotted to theire Collection and Chardge, the saide Knightf Citizens and Burgeses, for the chanarx-•t°

Shieres Citties and Boroughes whereunto they be allotted named and returned, shall certifie before the Quenes Malic in

her Chauncerie before the tenthe daye of September next comyng; and likewise the Names and Surnames of everie

of the saide Collecto" so to be named and appoynted for the Collection of the saide seconde Fiftene and Tenthe,

together w,h the Placf allotted to theire Collection and Chardge, the saide Knightf Cittizens and Burgeses shall

likewise certifie into the saide Cowrte of Chauncerie before the tenthe daye of September, whiche shall be in the yere

of o' Lorde God, One thowsande fyve hundreth fowrescore and eighte, accordinge to the teno' of this Acte: And yf or in Default, such

default of anye suche certifienge be hadd or made in forme as is aforesaide, then the I^orde Chauncello' of Englande,

or Keep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, shall ymediatlie after name and appoynte Collecto" for the Collection Lord Chancellor (

of either of the said Fiftenes and Tenthes, in suche like maner and forme as the saide Knightf of the Shier Cittizens

of Cities and Burgeses of Boroughes shoulde have don, and as aforetyine hathe bene used; The whiche saide Their Allowance

Collecto", and everie of them so to be named and appoynted as is aforesaide, shall have Allowance upon theire

Accomptf for theire Fees Wages & Rewardf for the Collection of the saide Fiftenes and Tenthes, in as lardge maner

and forme as anye Collecto' or Collecto" of anye Fifteene & Tenthe have hadd at any season in tyme paste; And Process against

that the Barons of the Quenes Exchequo' for the tyme beinge, shall and maye from tyme to tyme awarde suche the,■

proces for the speedie Payment of the saide severall Fifteenes and Tenthes againste the Collecto' or Collecto" of the

same, as by theire Discrec6ns shalbe thought convenyent.

Provided alwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthoritie of this pnte Pliament, That the saide Lorde Chauncello' Collect on shall or Kep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, Knightf of the Shire, Cittizens of Cities, Burgeses of Buroughcs enter into Townes and other Places, havinge awthoritie by this present Acte to nomynate the saide Collecto" of or for the forjue Payment Collection of the saide severall Fifteenes and Tenthes, shall upon their Nomynacon and Election had and made, take by of the Subsidies, awthoritie of this present Pliament, sufficient Recognizance or Obligac&n of everie pson soe by them to be named.

T80

29° Eliz. c. 8.

A.D. 1586-7-

IV.

Grant of Subsidy on Personalty ; rix. Of Subjects, above agj. is. 8 d. per Pound for the first Payment, and is. for the Second.

On Aliens, 3s. 4d. for the first Payment, and as. for the Second.

Poll Tax on Aliens not liable to Subsidy,

4d. each Payment.

V.

Subsidy on Lands of aos. per Annum and upwards, by Two Payments, via. On Natives, as. 8d. and is. 4d.

On Aliens,

5s. 4d. and as. 8d.

to be bounde to the Quenes Ma* in the dooble some of the s5me of theire Collection, and to bee indorsed upon suche Condicon, that yf the same Collecto' and Collecto" of the saide firste Fiftene and Tenthe, and likewise the Collecto' or Collecto" of the saide seconde Fifteene and Tenthe, doe trulie content and paye to the use of the Quenes Ma* in her Receipte of Exchequo' for the saide firste Fiftene and Tenthe, at or before the saide tenthe daye of November nexte comynge, and for the saide seconde Fiftene and Tenthe at or before the saide tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde Gode One thowsande fyve hundreth sour score and eighte, somoche of the saide some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection as the same Collecto' shall have collected and gathered, and do likewise, after the saide tenthe daie of the saide moneth of November next comynge, and the saide tenthe daye of November whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundreth sour score and eight, contente and paye to the Quenes Mau" use at the same Receipte of the Exchequo', the Residue of his Colleccbn and Chardge, within one Moneth next after suche tyme as he shall have gathered & collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recognizance or Obligacbn to be voied, or ells to stande in his full strengthe and power; whiche Recognizance or Obligac&n so taken, the same Knightf of the Shire Cittizens and Burgeses, and everie of them takinge anye suche Recognizaunce or Obligation, shall certifye and delyver to the Lorde Tbrer and Barons of the same Exchequo', before the same tenthe daye of November next comyng, and tenthe daye of November wch shalbe in the yeare of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth sour score and eight, uppon payne of forfeiture of tenne powndf to the Quenes Highnes for everie Recognizaunce or Obligac&n so to be taken and not certified; And that everie suche Collecto' upon Request to hym made, shall make and knowledge the same Recognizaunce or Obliga&m accordinglie, upon payne of forfeyture of twentie powndf to the Quene for his refusall thereof; And that the Threr and Barons of the Exchequo' for the tyme beinge, upon payment of the said Collection at the daies, shall cancell and delyver the saide Recognizance or Obligac&n to the saide Collecto' or Collecto'* withowt any other Warr*unte, and withowt anye Fee or Rewarde to be paied to anye pson for the same.

And Furthermore for the greate and weightie Consideracbns aforesaide, Wee the Lords Spirituall and Temporal], and the Comons in this present Pliament assembled, Doe by o' like Assent, & Awthoritie of this Pliament, give and graunte to yo’ Highnes o' saide Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Ma* yo' Heires and Successo", One entier Subsidie, to be rated taxed levied and payed at twoe severall Paymentf, of everie pson Spirituall and Temporall of what Estate or Degree he or they be of, accordinge to the teno' of this Acte, in maner and forme followeng. That is to saie; As well of everie pson borne w"*in this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, as of all and everie Fraternytie Guilde Corporacfin Misterye Brotherhoode and Comaltie, corporated or not corporated, w^in this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, beinge worthe Three powndf, for everie pownde aswell in Coyne and the Value of everie pownde that everie suche Pson Fraternytie Guylde Corporation Mysterie Brotherhood and Comunaltie, corporate or not corporate, hathe of his or theire owne or anye other to his or theire use, as also Plate Stocke of Schaundize, all maner of Corne and Grayne Howshoulde stuffe and of all other Goods moveable, aswell within this Realme as withowte, and of all suche somes of money as to hym or them is or shalbe owenge, whereof he or they truste in his or theire conscyence suerlie to be paied, Excepte and owt of the Premisses deducted suche somes of money as he or they owe, and in his or theire conscyence intendeth trulie to paye. And except also the Apparrell of everie suche psons theire Wieves and Children belongeng to theire owne Bodies, Saving Jewells Goulde Silver Stone and Perle, shall paye to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, twentie pence of everie pownde, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, twelve pence of everie pownde: And also every Alyen & Straunger borne owte of the Quenes obeis‘unce, aswell Denizen as others, intiiteng within this Realme, of everie pownde that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of everie pownde in Plate Come Grayne Merchaundize Howsholde stuffe or other Goods Jewellf Cattells moveable or unmoveable as is aforesaide, aswell within this Realme as withowte, and of all somes of Money to hym or them owenge, whereof he or they truste in his or theire conscyence to be paied, Excepte and owte of the same Premisi deducted, everie suche somme or sommes of Money whiche he or they doe owe and in his or theire conscyence or conscyences intende trulie to paye, shall paye of and for everie pownde, to and for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, iij s. iiij d. and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie ij s. of everie pownde: And also that everie Alyen and Straunger borne owte of the Quenes Domynyons, being Denizen or not Denizen, not being

contributorie to anye the Rates abovesaide, and beinge of the Age of seaven yeres or above, shall paye to and

for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, iiij d. and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, iiij d.

for everie Pole ; And the M' or he or shee wlh whome the same Alyen is or shalbe abidenge at the tyme of the

Taxacttn or Taxacons thereof, to be chardged w,k the same for lacke of payment thereof.

And be yt further Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That everie pson borne under the Quenes Obeys*unce, and everie Corporaf&n Fratemitie Guylde Misterie Brotherhoode and Communaltie, Corporate or not Corporate, for everie pownde that everie of the same psons, and everie Corporadftn Fraternytie Guilde Mysterie Brotherhoode and Communaltie Corporate or not Corporate, or anye other to his or theire use, hathe in Fee symple Fee taile, for terme of Lief, terme of Yeres, by Execuf&n Wardshipp or by Coppie of Cowrt Roll, of and in anye Hono" Castells Manno" Lands Teiitf Rents Services Hereditam'f Aiiuyties Fees Corrodies or other yerelie Proffittf of the yerelie value of xx s. aswell within awntiente Demesne and other Places priviledged as else wheare, and so upwarde, shall paye to & for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, ij s. viij d. of and for everie pownde; and to and for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidy, xvj d. of and for everie pownde: And every Alien Denyzen or not Denizen, borne owte of the Quenes Obeys’unce, in suche case to paye, at the firste of the saide paymentf, vs. iiijd. of everie pownde, and at the seconde paym', ij 8. viij d. of and for everie pownde. And that all somes presented and


.ai58t>-7.

29° Eliz. c. 8.

781

chargeable by this Acte, either for Goods and Debts or either of them, or for Lands and Tefitf and other the Premiss as is in this Acte conteyned, shall be at either of the saide paymentf sett k taxed after the Rate and Porc&n according to the true meanynge of this Acte; (Lands and Tents chargeable to the Dismes of the Cleargie, and yerelie Wages due to SVuntf for theire yerely S'vice, other then the Quenes SVuntf takinge yerelie Wages of fyve powndf or above, onely excepted and foreprised ;) And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goods Debts and Cattells Psonalls, beinge in the Rule and Custodie of anye pson or psons to the use of anye Corporafftn Fratemyty Guylde Mysterie Brotherhoode or any Comminaltie, being Corporate or not Corporate, be k shall be rated sett and chardged by reason of this Acte, as the value certified by the pnto" of that Certificate of everie pownde in Goods and Debts as is abovesaide, And of everie pownde in Lands Tents Aiiuyties Fees Corrodies and other yerelie Proffittf as is abovesaide; and the sommes that are above rehearsed sett and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have suche Goods in Custodie, or otherwise chardged for Lands as is before rehersed; And the same pson or psons and Bodie Corporate, by Awthoritie of this Acte, shalbe dischardged against hym or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delyvery thereof, or at his otherwise depture from the Custodie or Possession of the same: Excepte and alwaies foreprised from the Chardge and Assessment of this Subsidie, all Goods Cattells Juells and Ornamentf of Churches and Chappells, whiche have bene ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappells for the honno' and service of Almightie God.

And the first payment of the saide Subsidie shall be, by awthoritie aforesaide, taxed sessed and rated accordinge to this Acte, in everie Shire Rydeng Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Boroughe Towne k every other Place within this Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, before the firste daye of October next comynge; And the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie shalbe, by the Awthoritie aforesaide, taxed assessed and rated before the first d' 'e of October whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth sour score & eight; And the pticuler somes of everie Shire Rydinge Boroughe Towne k other Places aforesaide, w* the pticuler Names of suche as are chargeable for and to the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, to be taxed & sett by the Comyssyoners to the same to be lymyted or twoe of them at the leaste, wth the Names of the Highe Collecto's, and in the same forme shall be certified into the Quenes Exchequo' before the firste daye of November next comynge : And the pticuler sommes of everie Shire Rydinge Buroughe Towne and other Places aforsaide, w* the pticuler Names of suche as are chargeable for and to the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, to bee taxed and sett, by Commyssioners to the same to be lymyted or twoe of them at the leaste,

w* the Nantes of the Highe Collecto", And in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequo'

before the first daye of November, whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth sour score and eight; And the saide somes, in forme aforesaide to be taxed to k for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, shall be paied into the Quenes Receiptc of her Exchequo’ aforesaide, to the use of o' saide Sovaigne Ladie, at or before the twelvethe daye of Februarie next comynge; And the saide sommes in maner and forme aforesaide to be taxed for the second payment of the saide Subsidie, shall be paied into the Receipte aforesaide, to the use aforesaide, at or before the xij,h daye of February whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lorde God 1588. And the somes abovesaide of and for the saide Subsidie shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levied and paied to the use of o' saide Soveraigne Ladie her Heires and Successo" in

forme abovesaide, aswell within the Liberties Fraunchises Sanctuaries awncient Demesne and other whatsoever Places,

exempte or not exemptc, as withowt; Excepte suche Shires Places & Persons as shall be foreprised in and by this present Acte; Anye Graunte Charter Prescripc&n Use or Libertie by reason of anye Letters Patentf, or other Privilege Prescripc&n Allowance of the same, or whatsoever other Matter of Dischardge, heretofore to the cont'ry made graunted used or obteyned, notwithstaundinge.

And yt is further Inacted by the Awthoritie of this present Pliament, That everie suche person, aswell suche as be borne under the Quenes obeys*unce, as everie other pson Straunger borne. Denizen or not Denizen, inhabiteng within this Realme or within Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, wcl" at the tyme of the saide Assessingf or Taxacbns or of either of them to be hadd or made, shalbe owte of this Realme or owte of Wales, and have Goods Cattells Lands or Tents Fees or Aiiuyties or other Proffittf within this Realme or in Wales, shalbe chardged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabit’untf of the place wheare suche Goods Cattells Lands Teritf or other the Premisses then shall be, or in suche other place wheare suche pson or his Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney shall have his moste resorte unto within this Realme or in Wales, in like maner as yf the saide pson weare or had bene at the tyme of the saide Assessinge within this Realme; And that everie pson abideng or dwellinge within this Realme or withowt this Realme, shall be chardged or chargeable to the same Subsidie graunted by this Acte, according and after the Rate of suche yerelie substaunce or value of Lands or Tents Goods Cattells and other the Premisses, as every pson so to be chardged shalbe sett at, at the tyme of the saide Assessinge or Taxacon upon hym to be made, and none otherwise.

And Further be yt Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide, That for the sessinge and orderinge of the saide Subsidie to he duely had, the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or the Lorde Keep of the Greate Seale, the Lorde Tftrer of Englande, the Lorde Stewarde of the Quenes Ma’f Howshoulde, the Lorde Admyrall of Englande, the Lorde Chamberleyne of the Quenes moste honorable Howshoulde for the tyme beinge, or twoe of them at the leaste, whereof the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or Keep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge to be one, shall and maye name and appoynte, of and for everie Shire Ridynge and other Places, aswell within this Realme as in Wales, and other the Quenes Domynyons, as also of and for everie Citie and Towne beinge a Cowntie of yt selfe, and of


9 N

Exception!

Mode of rating Personalty, ice.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, 4cc.

VI.

Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.

to be paid as well within Liberties as without:

[S« § XXX.]

VIL Rating of Absentees and others, according to Assessments, See.

VIII. Appointment of Commissioners, for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, See.

782

29° Eliz. c. 8.

A.D. 1586-7

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations;

Commissions shall be issued out of Chancery.

Commissioners may divide and act in their separate Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

IX.

Commissioners shall act without Favour, kc.;

and shall at certain Periods summon Inhabitants, Constables, Ac. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

and for the Isle of Wighte, suche certen nomber of psons of everie of the same Shieres Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes and Isles of Wight, and everie other place, as they shall thincke convenyent, to be Comyssioners of and within the same place, whereof they be Inhabit'untf; And also of and for the honourable Howsholde of the Quenes Ma"\ within what Shire or other Place the saide Howshoulde shall happen then to be; And the Lorde Chauncello' or Lorde Kep of the Greate Seale, and other w,h him before named, or twoe of them as is aforesaide, in like maner maye name and appoynte of everie other suche Boroughe and Townes Corporate, aswell in Englande as in Wales, and other the Quenes Domynyons, as they shall thincke requysite, sixe fyve sour three or twoe of the hedd Officers, and other honest Inhabit'untf of everie of the saide Citties Boroughes and Townes Corporate, accordinge to the number and multitude of the people beinge in the same; The whiche psons, yf any suche be therunto named of the saide Inhabitauntf of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not beinge Counties of themselves, shall be joyned and put in as Comissior&s with the persons named for suche Shires and Rydengf as the saide Boroughs and Townes Corporate not being Counties in themselves, be sett and have tbeire beinge ; Whiche psons soe named for and of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not being Counties, by reason of theire dwellinge in the same, shall not take upon them nor none of them, to put anye parte of theire Comyssion in execuc&n for the Premiss owte of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, wherein they be so named only; nor to execute the saide Comyssion

within the Boroughe or Towne Corporate where they be so dwellinge, but at suche daies and tymes as the saide

other Comyssyoners for the same Shire and Rydeng shall thereunto lymyte and apoynte, w^in the same Boroughe and Towne Corporate not beinge Cownty Corporate whereof they be so named, 8c not owte of suche Boroughe or Towne; And in that maner to be aideng and assisteng wu the saide other Comyssioners in and for the good executenge of the effecte of the saide Comission, upon payne of everie of the saide Comyssyoners, so named for everie suche Cittie Boroughe & Towne Corporat not being a Countie, to make suche Fyne as the saide other Comyssioners in the Comyssion of & for the same Shire or Ryding so named, or Three of them at the leaste, shall by theire discrecfin sett and certifie into the Quenes Exchequo', there to be levied to the use of the Quenes Ma"', in like maner as yf suche or like somes had bene sett and rated upon everie suche pson for the saide Subsidy; The whiche Comyssioners so named, of and for the saide Citties Boroughes and Townes not beinge Counties, and onlie put into the saide Comyssion by reason of theire dwellinge in the same, shall not have anye parte of the por£6n of the Fees and Rewardf of the Comyssioners and theire Clarkf in this Acte afterwarde specified and allowed. And the Lorde Chauncelo' of England or the Keep of the Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme beinge, shall make & directe owte of the Cowrte of the Chauncerie under the Greate Seale, severall Comyssions, That is to saye. For everie Shier Rydinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Boroughe Isle and Howshoulde, unto suche pson and psons as by his discrec&n and anye of the other w,h him before named and appoynted, as is before reherced, shall be thought sufficient, for the sessinge and levieng of the saide Subsidie in all Shires and Places accordinge to the true meanyng of this Acte; Whiche Comyssion for the firste payment of the saide Subsidie, shall be directed and delivered to the saide Comyssioners or to one of them before the xx,h

daye of Awguste next comyng ; And the Comyssion for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, shalbe

directed & delivered to the saide Comyssioners or to one of them before the xx"‘ daye of Auguste whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lorde God 1588 ; And to everie of the saide Comyssiones, Tenne Scedules, conteyneng in them the Teno' of this Acte, shalbe affiled; By the whiche Comyssion, the Comyssioners in everie suche Cdmyssion named accordinge to this Acte, and as manye of them as shall be appoynted by the saide Comyssion, shall have full Power and Awthoritie to put the Effecte of the same Comyssion in Execuf&n: And that by awthoritie of this Acte, after suche Comyssion to them directed, they maye by their Assentf and Agreementf sever themselves for the execuc&n of their Comyssion, in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Townes Pishes and other Places within the lymytes of theire saide Comission, in suche forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered, and betwene them to be comuned and agreed, accordinge to the teno' and effecte of the C5mission to them therein directed, upon whiche severance everie pson of this present Pliament that shall be Comissioner shall be assigned into the Hundred wheare he dwelleth: Provided alwaies, That noe pson be or shall be compelled to be any Comyssioner to 8c for the Execuc&n of this present Acte, but onlie in the Shire wheare he dwelleth 8c inhabiteth; And that anye pson assigned to the cont'ry thereof in any wise, shall not be compelled to put in Execuc&n the effecte of this Acte or anye pte thereof.

And it is also Inacted by the awthoritie of this present Pliament, That the Comyssyoners and everie of them whiche shalbe named lymyted and appoynted accordinge to this Acte, to be Comyssyoners in everie suche Shire Ridynge Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Boroughe Isle and the saide Howsehoulde, or anye other place, and none other, shall trulie effectuallie 8c diligentlie for theire ptf execute the effecte of this psent Acte accordinge to the Teno' thereof in everie Behalfe, and none otherwise by anie other meanes, withowt Omyssion Favo' Drede Malice or any other Thinge to be attempted or doon by them or anye of them to the cont'ry thereof: And the saide ComissioSs or as manie of them as shall be appoynted by the saide Comyssion, and none other, for the Execuc&n of the saide Comyssion and Acte, shall for the Taxac&n of the saide ftrste payment of the saide Subsidie, before the laste daye of Awgust next comyng, and for the Taxac&n of the saide seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, shall before the laste daye of Awguste, whiche shall be in the yere of our Lord God 1588, by vertue of the Comyssion delyvered unto them in forme aforesaide, directe theire severall or joynte Prccepte or Preceptf unto eight seaven sixe fyve sour three or twoe, as for the nomber of the Inhabit'untf shall be requisite, of the moste substanciall discreate and honest psons Inhabytantf, to be named by the saide Comyssioners or by as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the saide Comyssion, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Pishes Townes and other Places, aswell within


A.D. 1586-7.

29° Eliz. c. 8.

783

Libties Fraunchises Auncyent Demesne Places exempted and Sanctuaries as w,howt, within the lymytes of the Shieres Ridengf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughes and Isle aforesaide, and other Placet within the lymytes of theire Comyssion, and to the Constables Subconstables Bailieff and other like Officers and Mynysters of everie of the saide Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Pishes and other Places aforesaide, as to the s^ide Comissioners and everie nomber of them, or unto three or twoe of them by theire discrecbn in division, shall seme expedient, as by the maner and use of those parties shall be requysite; Straightlie by the saide Precepte chardging and comaundinge the saide inhabit*untf Constables and other Officers aforesaide, to whome suche Precept shalbe so directed, to appere in theire proper psons before the saide C5myssioners or suche nomber of them as they shall divide themselves, accordinge to the teno' of the said Comission, at certeyne daies and places by the saide Comyssioners or anye number of them as is aforesaide, within Cities Boroughes or Townes Corporate or w^owte in anye other Places as is aforesaid, by theire discrecbn shall be lymyted thereunto, to doe and accomplishe all that to them on the partie of the Quenes Ma" shall be injoyned towchinge this Acte; Comaundinge further by the same Precept, that he to whose Hands suche Preceptf shall come, shall shewe and delyver the same to the other Inhabit‘untf or Officers named in the same Precept; And that none of them faile to accomplishe the same, uppon payne of xl s. to be forfaicted to the Quenes Ma"*.

And yt is further ordeyned by the awthoritie of this present Pliament, That at the saide daye and place prefixed and lymyted in the saide Precept, everie of the Comyssioners then beinge in the Shire, and havynge no sufficient excuse for his absence, at the daye and place prefixed for that part wherunto he was lymyted, shall appere in his prop pson, and theire the same C5myssyoners being present, or as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Ma'f Comyssion, shall call or cawse to be called before them, the saide inhabit‘untf and Officers to whome they have directed theire saide Preceptf, and whiche had in comaundement there to appere by vertue of the saide Precept; And yf anye pson so warned make defaulte, unlesse he then be letted by sicknes or lawfull excuse, and that lett then be witnessed by the Othes of twoe credible psons. Or yf anye apperinge refuse to serve in forme followenge, then everie suche pson soe makinge defaulte or refuzeng to serve, shall forfeicte to the Quenes Ma1"- xls.; and so at everie tyme appoynted by the saide Comissioners for the same Taxac&n, unto suche tyme the nomber of everie suche psons have appered and certified in forme underwritten, e$ye of them so making defaulte or refuzeng so to serve, shall forfeyte to the Quenes Ma*1' xl s.: And upon the same Apparhince had, they shall be chardged before the Comissioners by all convenyent waies and meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) to inquire of the best and moste value of the Substance of everie pson dwellinge and abidenge within the lymytes of the Places that they shall be chardged w,h, and of other whiche shall have his or theire moste resorte unto anye of the saide Places, and chargeable w"' anye some of Money by this Acte of this saide Subsidie, and of all other Things requysite towchinge the saide Acte, and accordinge to the intent of the same; and thereupon as nere as yt maye be, or shall come to theire knowledge, wUlowt respecte of anye former Taxacon heretofore hadd, trulie to present & certifie before the saide Comyssyoners, the names and surnames and the best and uttermoste substance and values of everie of them, aswell of Lands Tenementf and other Heredytam'f Possessions & Proffittf as of Goods Cattellf Debts and other Thinges chardgeable by the same Acte, withowt anye Concealement Love Favo' Affection Dreade or Mallice, upon payne of forfeyture of Fyve powndf or more, to be taxed extracted and levied in forme as hereafter in this present Acte shall be lymyted or appoynted: And thereupon the saide Comyssioners shall openlie theare reade or cawse to be redd unto them, the saide Rates in this Acte menconed, and openlie declare the effecte of theire chardge unto them, in what maner and forme they ought and shoulde make theire Certificate, accordinge to the Rates and Sommes thereof abovesaide, and of all maner of psons, aswell of Alyens and Strangers, Denizens or not Denizens, inhabitenge within this Realme, as of suche psons as be borne under the Quenes Obeys*unse chargeable to this Acte, and of the Possessions Goods and Cattells of Fraternytics Guyldf Corporations Brotherhoodes Mysteries Communalties and other as is abovesaide, and of psons being in the partes of beyonde the Seaes, having Goods and Cattells Lands or Teiitf within this Realme as is aforesaide, and of all Goods beinge in the custodie of anye pson or psons, to the use of anye other as is abovesaide; by the whiche information and sheweng, the saide psons shoulde have suche playne knowledge of the true intent of this present Acte and of the maner of theire Certificate, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cawse to excuse them by ignorance : And after suche Chardge and the Statute of the saide Subsidie, and the maner of the saide Certificate to be made in wrytenge, conteyneng in it the names and surnames of everie pson, and whether he be borne withowt the Quenes Obeys'unce or within, and the best value of everie pson in everie degree, aswell of the yerelie value of Lands and Tenementf and of suche like Possessions and Proffittf as the value of Goods and Cattells Debts and everie thinge to theire Certificate requisite and necessarie to them declared, the saide Comyssyoners there beinge, shall by their discrec5ns appoynte and lymyte unto the saide psons another daye and place to appere before the saide CotnyssioriLs; and charginge the saide psons that they in the meane tyme shall make diligent Inquyrie by all waies and meanes of the premiss, and then and theare everie of them, upon payne of forfeiture of fowrtie shillingf to the Quenes Ma"', to appere at the saide newe prefixed daye & place, theare to certifie unto the saide Comyssioners in wrytenge according to theire saide Chardge, and according to the true intent of the saide Graunt of Subsidie, and as to them in maner aforesaide hathe bene declared and shewed by the Comyssioners: At whiche daie and place so to them prefixed, yf any of the saide psons make defalte, or appere and refuse to make the saide Certificate, that then every of them so offendinge to forfeite to the Quenes Ma"* fowrtie shillingf, Excepte there be a resonable excuse of his defalte by reason of sickenes or otherwyse, by the Othes of twoe credible psons theare witnessed : And of suche as appere readie to make Certificate as is aforesaide, the saide Comyssioris there beinge, shall take and receive the same Certificate and everie pte thereof, and the names values and substance of everie pson so certified: And yf the saide Comyssyoners see cawse reasonable they shall examyne the saide Presento" thereof, and thereupon the saide Comissionls at the saide daies and

X.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40a. and be charged to inquire and certify the Value of all Property, rateable to such Subsidies ; on Penalty of

Charge of the Commissioners to such Inquirers

Further Day shall lw given to bring in Certificates, by such Inquirers;

Penalty of 4c*. on Non-appearance or llefusal to certify.

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments;

Original from PENN STATE

784

29° Eliz. c. 8.

Summoning Parties underrated;

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double;

Parties appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions.

XI.

Commissioners may fine Assessors for Neglect, tcc. not exceeding £i o, fcc.

Commissioners on Complaint, on Oath of Parties,See. may decrease or increaae Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

A.D. 1586-7.

place by theire Agreement amongest themselff, shall from tyme to tyme theire openlie prefixe a daye at a certen place or places within the lymytes of theire Comyssion by theire discred&n, for theire further proceedinge to the saide assessinge of the same Subsidie: And thereupon at the saide daye of the saide Certificate as is aforesaide taken, the same Comyssioners shall make theire Precept or Preceptf, to the Constables Subconstables Bailieff or other Officers of suche Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other places aforesaid as the same Comyssioners shall be of, compriseng and conteyneng in the saide Preceptf the names & surnames of all psons presented before them in the saide Certificate of whome yf the saide Comyssyoners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Comyssion shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substance in Lands Goods Cattells or somes of Money oweng to them, or other substance beforesaide, then upon suche pson or psons so certified & specified as aforesaide, the same Comyssioners shall make theire Precept or Preceptf directed to the Constable Bailieff or other Officers, comaundinge the same Constables Bailieff or other Officers to whome suche Preceptf shall be directed, to warne suche psons whose names shalbe comprised in the saide Preceptf, at their Mansions, or to theire psons, that the same psons named in suche Preceptf, and everie of them, shall psonallie appeare before the saide Comyssioners at the same newe pfixed daye and place, theare to be examyned by all waies and meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) by the saide Comyssioners of theire greatest Substaunce and best value, and of all & every sommes of Money oweng to them, and other whatsoever matter concemynge the premiss or any of them according to this Acte; at whiche daye and place so prefixed the saide Comissioners then and theare beinge, or as manye of them as shall be thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Comyssion, shall cawse to be called the saide psones whose names shalbe comprised in the saide Precept as is aforesaid, for theire examynac&n; And yf anye of those psons whiche shalbe warned as is aforsaide to be examyned, whiche at anye tyme after the warnynge and before the prefixed daye shall be within suche place wheare he maye have knowledge of his saide Appearaunce to be made, make defalte and appeie not, unlesse a resonable cawse or else a resonable excuse by the Othes of twoe credible psons before the saide Comissioners be trulie alleaged for his dischardge, that then everie of them soe making default, to be taxed and chardged to the Quenes Ma0', w01 & at the double somes of the Rate that he shoulde or ought to have bene sett at, for & after the best value of his Lands or Substaunce upon hym certified yf he hadd appered, by the discrec&n of the Comyssioners theare beinge; Whiche Comissyoners shall travell wth everie of the other psons so then and theare appearinge, whose names shall be expressed in the saide Precept or Preceptf, and in whome any vehement suspect was or shall be hadd in forme aforsaid, by all suche waies and meanes as they can, (other then by corporall Othe,) for the better knowlege of theire best value, either in Hereditamentf or Possessions, or else in Goods or Debts, and therupon shall have power and awthoritie by vertue of this Acte accordinge to theire discrec&ns to inlarge and increase the taxac&n of suche pson as they shall so fynde by due examynaf&n to be of greater value or substance in Lands or Goods then they weare presented at: And that everie Spuall pson at either of the saide Taxacons of the said Subsidie, shalbe rated and sett, accordinge to the Rate abovesaide, of and for everie pownde 'hat the same Spirituall parson or anye other to his use hathe by Discent Bargayne or Purchase, in Fee Symple Fee Taile Terme of lief Terme of yeres by Execuc&n by Wardshipp or by Copie of Cowrt Rolle, in any Mano" Lands Teiltf Rents Services Offices Fees Corrodies Anuyties or Hereditamentf, after the true juste and yerelie value therof, and according as other the Quenes Ma'f Subjects borne w'Sn this Realme be chardged, in forme above remembered, so that yt extende to the yerelie value of Twentie Shillingf or above.

And yt is further Inacted, That yf the saide Taxo" or Assesso" shall not dulie behave themselves in theire Inquyrie Taxac&n Assessemeni or Certificate, but shall affectionatlie corruptlic or partially demeane themselves in that behalfe, in suche wise that the Comyssioners shall by theire Consyderacons deeme them Offendo" woorthie of punyshement for not doing theire Duties therein, That then sour or more of the Comyssioners in that Cowntie for this Subsidie, shall have power and awthoritie by theire discrec&n, either to charge the saide Assesso" upon theire corporall Othes for the better service aforsaide in that behalfe, or else by theire discretions to taxe and sett upon everie of the saide Assesso" for theire Misdemeano" in that behalfe, suche a fyne or payne as they shall thincke good, soe that yt exceede not the s5me of Tenne powndf; And the same fyne or payne at theire discrec&ns to estreate into the Courte of Exchequo'; everie whiche Fyne so taxed and sett by sour of the saide Comyssioners or more, and being estreated w,k the Scedule and Books of that lymytt, shall be levied and awnswered to the Quenes use, in like maner and forme to all intentf and purposes as any other somes that shall be taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute and Acte of Subsidie, and not in any other wise or maner: And yf any pson certified or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether he be a Comyssioner or other, to anye maner of value, dothe fynde hymselfe grieved w1" the same Presentin' sessing or ratinge, and thereupon complayne to the Comyssioners before whome he shalbe called sessed or taxed, or before twoe of them, before the same Taxac&n be certified into the Cowrte of Exchequo', That then the saide

Comissyoners, or twoe of them, shall by all waies and meanes, examyn pticulerlie and distynctlie the pson so

complayneng, upon his Othe, and other his neighbo™ by theire discredits, of everie his Lands and Tents above specified, and of et?y his Goods Cattells and Debts above menc&ned; And after due examination & pfecte knowledge thereof hadd and pceyved by the saide Comyssioners, or twoe of them whiche shall have power by awthoritie aforesaide, the saide Comyssioners, or twoe of them to whome any suche Complaynt shalbe made, by theire discrec&n upon the Othe of the saide pson so complayneng, may abate defalke increase or inlarge the same Assessmentf accordinge as yt shall appere unto them juste upon the same Examynac&n; And the same somme so abated defalked increased or inlarged, shall be by them estreated in forme as hereafter ensueth: And yf yt be proved by wytnesses or by the parties owne Confession, or other lawfull waies or meanes, within a yere after anye suche Othe made, that the same

person so rated and sworne was of any better or greater value in Lands Goods or other Things above specified

A.D. 1586-7

29° Eliz. c.8.

785

at the tyme of his saide Othe, then the same pson so sworne did declare upon his saide Othe, that then everie suche peon so offendinge shall loose & forfeicte to the Quenes Ma*' soe nioche lawfull Money of Englande as he the same peon soe sworne was sett at or taxed to paye.

And also yt is Inacted by the same Awthoritie, That everie p6on to be rated at the same Taxacon as is aforesaide, shall be rated taxed and sett, and the same on hym sett to be levied, at suche place where he & his famylie at the tyme of the same Presentment to be made, shall kepe his Howse or Dwelling, or wheare he then shall be most conversant abideng or resiant, or shall have his moste resorte at the time of the said Certificate to be made, and no wheare else: And that no Comyssioner for this Subsidie shall be rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other Place wheare he shall be Comyssyoner; And that yf anye pson chargeable to this Acte at the tyme of the same Assessinge happen to be owte of this Realme and owte of Wales, or farr from the place wheare he shall be knowen, then he to be sett wheare he was laste abydeng in this Realme or w^in Wales, and after the Substance Value and other Proffittf of everie pson to be knowen by the Examynac&n Certificate or other maner of wise as is aforesaide; And that the same Comissiofis or as manye of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Ma*f Comyssion or C5missions, shall after the Rate and Rates aforesaide, cawse everie pson so to be sett rated & taxed accordinge to the Rate of the Substance and Valewe of his Lands Goods Cattells and other Proffittf chargeable by this Acte, wherbie the greatest or most best s5me or somes according to his most substance by reason of this Acte mighte or maye be sett or taxed: And that everie pson taxed in anye Countie or Place, other then wheare he is most resiante, or hathe his Famylie, in any Countie or Place other than wheare he is a Comyssioner for the Subsidie, yf he be a Comyssioner, upon Certificate made to the saide Courte of Exchequo' under the Hands and Seales of twoe Comyssioners for this Subsidie in the same Countie or Place, wheare suche pson is most resiant or hathe his Famylie, or wheare he is a Comissioner for the Taxac&n and Payment of this Subsidie, testyfieng suche his most Resiancie, havinge of Famylie, or beinge a Comyssyoner, shall be a sufficient Dischardge for the Taxac&n of that pson in all other places, and of and for all other s5mes of Mony upon suche psons so sett and taxed, save only the Taxaf&n made in that Countie or Place from whiche suche Certificate shalbe made as is aforesaide, and for the some of money upon suche psons there assessed or taxed; And that suche Certificat withowte any Plea or other Circumstance, shalbe a sufficient Warr*unte aswell to the Barons and Awdito' and Audito" of the saide Cowrte of Exchequo' as to all and everie other Officers to whome the Allowance therof shall appteyne, payeng for suche Dischardge & Allowance onlie sixe pence and no more.

Provided alwaies. That everie suche pson whiche shall be rated or taxed according to the intent and trew meanyng of this Acte, for payment of and to this Subsidie, for and after the yerelie valewe of his Lands Teiitf and other Reall Possessions or Proffittf at any of the saide Taxac&ns, shall not after, be sett & rated for his Goods and Cattells or other moveable Substance at the same Taxac&n; and that he that shall be sett chardged or taxed for the same Subsidie for his Goods Cattells & other Moveables at any of the saide Taxac&ns according to the true meanyng of this Acte, shall not after be chardged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Proffittf abovesaide, at the same Taxac&ns or any of them; Nor that any pson by any Taxac&n be double chardged for the said Subsidie, nor sett or taxed at severall Places by reason of this Acte; But yf anye parson happen to be dowble sett taxed or charged either in one place or at severall places, then he to be discharged of the one Taxac&n and chardged wUl the other, according to the meanynge and intent of this Acte; Any Thinge conteyncd in this present Acte to the cont*rie notwithstandinge.

And that yt be ordeyned and Inacted by the saide Awthoritie of this present Pliament, That no pson having twoe Mansions or twoe Places to resorte unto, or calling hymselfe Howshoulde Servaunte or Waitinge S'vante to the Quenes Mau* or other Lorde or Ladie Maister or Maistres, be excused upon his sayeng from the Taxes of the saide Subsidie in neither of the Places wheare he may be sett or taxed, unles he bringe a Certificate in wryteng from the Comissioners wheare that he is so sett or taxed in deede at one place; And yf any pson that ought to be sett and taxed to this present Subsidie by reason of his removeng or resorteng to twoe places, or by reason of his sayeng that he elsewheare was taxed, or by reason of anye privilege, of his dwellinge or abideng in any place not being foreprised in

this Acte, or otherwise by his Covyn or Craft, or by any Woordf or Saingf or otherwise, Or yf any that is a

C5myssioner or Assesso' of others, happen to escape from the saide Taxac&ns for the payment of this Subsidie or anye of them, and be not sett & taxed according to the trew intent of this Acte, and that proved by Presentment Examynaf&n Informac&n or otherwise before the said Comissioners or twoe of them, or before the Barons of the

Quenes Maf Exchequo' or twoe Justices of the Peace of the Countie wheare suche pson dwelleth; then everie

suche pson that, by suche meanes or otherwise, willinglie by Covyn or withowt just cawse, shall happen to escape from the saide Taxac&ns or Paym'f aforesaide or anye of them, and shall not bee rated taxed and sett, shall be charged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof, wd> and at the dowble valewe of so muche as he shoulde might or ought to have bene sett and taxed at by vertue of this Acte; And the same double valewe to be levyed gathered and paied of his Goods and Chattells Lands & Tenementf to ward f the saide Subsidie, and further to bee punyshed according to the discrec&ns of the Barons Justices and Comyssioners before whome he shall be convicted for his Offence and Deceipt in that behalfe.

And be yt further inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide, That the saide Comyssioners in everie Comyssion whiche shall be or inhabite in anye Countie or Place within the Lymytes of theire Comission, or the more pte of them, shall have full power and awthoritie by this Acte to sett taxe and sesse everie other Comyssioner joyned w"1 them in everie suche Comyssion, and the saide Comyssioners within everie Division shall also assesse everie Assesso' within theire


9 O

XII.

Partiei shall be rated where dwelling, fcc.

Commissioners, within Shirrs; Absentees, where last abiding;

according to the highnt Rate, &c.

Relief against Double Charges.

XIII. Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, Sic.

None shall be doubly charged.

XIV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced j

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, kc. Double Rate.

XV.

Commissioners

shall assets themselves and the Assessors.

786

A.D. 1586-7'

29° Eliz. c. 8.

XVI. Peen shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, See.

XVII.

After Assessment, Estreats shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed, by Distress fcc. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

XVIII. Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums so levied.

Division for his or theire Goods Lands and other the Premisses as is abovesaide; By the whiche saide Comyssion the saide Comyssioners to whome yt shall apperteigne, shall indifferentlie sett taxe & assesse themselff and the saide Assessor; and that as well the sommes upon everie of the saide Comissiofls and Assesso" so sessed rated and taxed, as the sommes made and presented by the Presento" as is abovesaide, shall be written certified sett and estreated, and the Estreates thereof to be made, w,h other the Inhabit'untf of that ptf within the Lymytes of the same Comyssion and Division so to be gathered and levied, in like maner as yt ought or shoulde have bene yf the saide Comyssioners hadd not bene in the saide Comission.

And that all psons of the Estate of a Baron or Barons, and everie Estate above, shall be chardged w,h theire Freeholde and Value as is abovesaide by the Chauncello' or Lorde Kep of the Greate Seale of Englande, the Highe Tftrer of England for the tyme beinge, or one of them, together wlh other suche psons as by the Quenes Maf Awthoritie or Comaundement shall be named and appoynted, and they to be chardged for the saide severall paymentf of the saide Subsidie after the forme of the saide Graunte, according to the Taxation aforesaid; And the somme of and upon them to be sett & taxed, w"1 the Names of the Collecto" appoynted for the gatheringe and payeng of the same, to be estreated delivered and certified at daies and places above specified by the Lord Chauncello' or Kep of the Greate Seale and Lord Thresourer or one of them, together w* other suche psons as thereunto shall be named as is aforesaid.

And be yt further Inacted by the Awthorite aforesaide, That after the Taxes and Assesses of the saide sommes upon and by the saide Assessinge and Certificate as is aforesaide made, the saide Comyssioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appoynted, and have Awthoritie by the Quenes Ma‘f Comission, shall w,h all speede and withowte delaye, by theire Wryteng, estreate the saide Taxe thereof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the saide Comyssioners or as manye of them as shalbe appoynted at the leaste, And the same shall delyver unto sufficient and substanciall Inhabifuntf Constables Subconstables Bailieff and other Officers joyntlie, of Hundreds Townes Parrishes and other Places aforesaide within theire Lymytes, and to other sufficient persons Inhabit"untf of the same onlie, by the discrecbn of the saide Comyssioners wUl the Assent of the Highe Collecto', and as the place and parties shall requyre, aswell the particuler Names and Surnames as the Remembr’unce of all the sommes of Money taxed & sett of and upon everie pson aswell Man as Woman chardgeable to this Acte, Howsholders & all other Inhabit'untf and Dwellers within the saide Parrishes Townes and Places contributorie to this Acte of Subsidie; By Awthoritie of whiche Writeng and Estreate so delyvered, the saide Officers and other persons so named and deputed, severallie shall have full Power and Awthority by vertue of this Acte, yuiediatlie after the delyverie of the saide Wrytenge or Estreate, to demaunde levie and gather of every pson therein specified the some and somes in the same Wryteng or Estreate comprised, And for non payment thereof to distreyne the same pson or psons so being behynde, by theire Goods and Cattails, and the Distresse so taken to kepe by the space of eight daies, at the Costs and Chargf of the Owno' thereof; And yf the said Owno' do not paye suche somme of Money as shall be taxed by Awthoritie of this Acte within the same Eight dayes, then the same Distresse to be appraised by sour three or twoe of the Inhabit*untf where suche Distresse is taken, and also then to be soulde by the Constable or other Collecto" for the payment of the saide Money, and the Overplus cdmyng of the sale and kepinge thereof (yf anye be) to be ymediatlie restored to the Owno' of the same Distresse; whiche saide Officers and other psons so deputed to aske take gather and levie the saide sommes, shall aunswer and be chardged for the porc&n only to them assigned and lymyted, to be gathered levied and comprised in the sayde writeng or estreate so to them as is aforsaide delivered, to the use of o' Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Ma"' and her Heires and Successo"; And the saide somme in that writeng or estreate comprised, to paye unto the High Collecto' or Collecto" of that place for the Collection of the same, in maner and forme underxvrytten thereunto to bee named & deputed; and the same Inhabitauntf and Officers so gatheringe the same pticuler sommes, for their Collection therof shall retayne for everie twende shillingf so by them received and paied, twoe pence} and that to be allowed at the payment of theire Collection by them to be made to the Highe Collecto' or Collecto".

And further be yt Inacted by the saide awthoride. That the saide Comissioners, or the more pte of them as shall take upon them the execucbn and busynes of the saide Comyssyon, shall for everie of the saide paymentf of the saide Subsidye, name suche sufficient and able p6ons whiche then shall have and possesse Lands and other Hereditamentf in theire owne Righte of the clere yerelie value of fowrtie pounds, or Goods to the valewe of sour hundred powndf at the leaste, as he shall be taxed in the Subsidie Booke, yf anye suche be in the saide lymytes, and for want of suche so assessed, then those to be appoynted Collecto" that then shall be sufficient, and rated and taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Lands or Goods neerest to the values aforesaide, as by theire discrec&ns shalbe thought good, in Shires Rydengf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Corporat and other whatsoever places, aswell w,hin places privileged as w^owt, not beinge foreprised w,hin this Acte, to be High Collecto", and to have the Collecf&n and Receipt of the saide sommes sett and leviable w^in the Precyncte Lymytes and Boundf wheare they shalbe so lymyted and appoynted to be Highe Collecto"; And to everie of the saide Collecto" soe severallie named, the saide Comyssioners, or twoe of them at the leaste, w"1 all speed and w,howt delaye, after the saide whole some of any payment of the saide Subsidie be sett by all the lymites of the same their Comyssion, or in suche lymytes as the Highe Collecto" shall be so severallie assigned, shall under their Seales and Signe Manuell delyver one Estreate indented in Parchement, compriseng in yt the names of all suche persons as weare assigned to levie the saide perticuler sommes, and the sommes of everie Hundred Wapentake Towne and other Place aforesaide, w"’ the Names and Surnames of

Go

A.D. 1586-7.

29° Eliz. c. 8.

787

the psons so chardgeable, accordinge to the Estreate so firste therof made and delivered as is aforesaide: And the Collecto" so to be assigned, shall be chardged to aunswer the whole some comprised in the saide Estreate lymited to his collection as is aforesaide.

Provided alwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthority aforsaide. That the saide Comyssioners havinge awthoritie by this Acte to name & nomynate the saide Highe Collecto" of the saide Subsidie, shall ymediatlie uppon the Nomynacon and Election, take by awthoritie of this present Pliament sufficient Recognizauncf or Obligacons, withowt anye Fee or Rewarde to be paied therefore, of everie pson so by them to be named to be Highe Collecto', to be bounde to the Quenes Ma,k in the dooble some of the somme of his Collecc&n, and to be indorsed and made upon suche Condic&n, that is to saye; For the collection of the saide first payment of the saide Subsidie, That yf the saide Collecto' his Heires or Executors doe trulie content and paye to the use of the Quenes MaUc her Heires or Successo" in the Receipte of the saide Exchequo', at or before the saide xijlh daye of Februarye next ensewenge, so moche of the saide somme of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collecc&n, as he shall collecte and gather, and content and paye the Residue of his Collection and Charge w^in one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recognizauncf or Obligacons to be voied, or else to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, upon condition that yf the saide Collector his Heires or Executors do trulie content and paye to the use of the Quenes Ma"° her Heyres or Successo", in her Receipt of the Exchequo' at or before the saide twelveth daye of Februarie, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsand fyve hundreth sour score and eight, so moche of the saide some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection, as he shall collecte and gather, and content and paye the Residue of his Collecc&n and Chardge, w,hin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recognizauncf or Obligacons to be voied, or else to stande in full strength and vertue: Whiche saide severall Recognizauncf or Obligac&ns so taken, the saide Cdmyssioners shall severallie certifie and delyver into the Quenes Ma'f Exchequo', withe the severall Certificatf of the saide Taxac&ns and Rates of the payment of the saide Subsidie, at & by the tyme to them prescribed and appoynted by this Acte for the Certificate of the saide severall Taxac&ns of the saide Subsidie, upon payne of forfeiture of Tenne powndf to the Quenes Matk for everie Recognizance or Obligac&n not certified; And that everie suche Collecto' soe elected named and chosen, upon Request to him made, shall knowledge and make the saide Recogniz‘unce or Obligac&n, upon payne and forfeicture ofTwentie powndf to the Quenes Ma* for the refusall thereof: And that the Thresurer and Barons of the Exchequo' for the tyme beinge, upon payment of the saide severall Collections of the saide Subsidie at the daies and tymes herein lymyted for the payment thereof, shall cancell and delyver the Recognizaunces or Obligac&ns for the payment thereof to the Collecto’ or Collecto", withowt anye other Warr*unte, and withowt any other Fee or Rewarde to be paied for the same to anye parson: And everie Collecto’ soe deputed havinge the saide Estreate in Vehement as is aforesaid, shall have awthoriue by this Acte to appoynt dayes and places w,hin the Circuyte of his Collection for the payment of the saide Subsidie to hym to be made, and thereof to give warnynge by Proclamac&n or otherwise, to all the Constables or other Psons or Inhabitauntf havinge the Charge of the pticuler Collection within the Hundreds Parrishes Townes or other Places by hym or them lymyted, to make payment for the saide pticuler Collecf&n of everie some as to them shall apperteyne; And yf at the same daye & place so lymyted and prefixed by the saide Highe Collecto', the said Constable Officers or other psons or Inhabit‘untf as is aforesaide, for the saide pticuler Collection assigned and appoynted within suche Hundred Citie Towne or other Place, doe not paye unto the saide Highe Collecto" the somme within theire severall Hundreds Townes Parrishes & other Places, due and comprised in the saide Estreate therof to them delivered by the saide Comyssioners or some of them as is aforesaide, or somoche thereof as they have by any meanes receyved, (twoe pence for everie pownde for the saide pticuler Collection as is aforesaide alwaies thereof to be allowed excepted and abated,) That then yt shalbe lawfull to the saide Highe Collecto" and everie of them and to theire Assignees, to distreyne ev'ie of the saide Constables Officers and other Inhabifuntf, for theire saide severall and pticuler Collection of the saide sommes comprised in the said Estreate and Wryteng thereof to them and everie of them as is before expressed delyvered, or for soe muche of the same some as soe then shall happen to be gathered & levied and behynde & unpaied, by the Goods and Cattells of everie of them so beinge behynde; And the Distresse so taken to be kept appraised and solde as is aforesaide, and thereof to take and levie the sommes so then being behynde and unpaied; And the overplus comynge of the sale of the saide Distresse (yf any be) to be restored & delyvered unto the Owno' in forme above remembred.

Provided alwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That noe pson or psons shall be nomynated or appoynted to be a Highe Collecto' or Collecto" for the second payment of anye Fifteneth Tenthe or Subsidie graunted by this Acte, whiche before that tyme hathe bene a Collecto' or Collecto" for the firste payment of anye parte of the same Fifteenth Tenthe or Subsidie, unles suche pson or psons so to bee noiated & appoynted Highe Collecto' or Collecto" for the saide seconde payment, doe firste shewe fooithe before hym or them by whome he shalbe so noiated and appoynted, his Quietus est for the dischardge of his Collection before appoynted to his Chardge, upon payne of One Hundreth Powndf to be paied and forfeicted by hym or them that so shall nomynate and appoynt anye suche Collecto' cont*ry to this present Acte.

Provided alwaies. That no pson inhabiteng in any Citie Borough or Towne Corporate, shalbe compelled to be any Assesso' or Collecto', of or for anye parte of the saide Subsidie, in anye Place or Places owt of the saide Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate wheare he dwelleth.

XIX.

High Collector! shall enter into Recognizance! to pay Sumi received by them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commiuioneri;

Penalty on Neglect in certifying, sgio; on Neglect of Recognizance, £io.

High Collector! shall call on Constables, &c. to pay Money levied, allowing them ad. per Pound.

On Failure, Constables, &c. may be distrained.

XX. Collectors of the first Payment shall not be named Collectors of the Second, without producing their Quictui for the Firit.

XXI. Assessor! and Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

788

29° Eliz. c. 8.

A.D. 1586-7

XXII. IncueofDeath.&c. of Collectors, or Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming, HighCollectors,&c. shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.

Commissioners may-issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, Stc. of Parties liable, who may retain the same out of their Rents, &c.

On Failure of any such Distress, Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment

And yt is alsoe by the saide Awthoritie Inacted, That yf anie Inhabit*untf or Officer, or whatsoever pson or psons chardged to and for the Collection and Receipt of any parte or porfftn of the saide Subsidy by any maner of Meanes accordinge to this Acte, or any pson or psons, for themselves or as Keep Gardyan Deputie Facto' or Atto'ney of or for any other pson or psons, of anye Goods and Cattells of the Owno' thereof, at the tyme of the saide Assessinge to be paied, beinge owte of this Realme or in any other parts not knowen, or of and for the Goods and Cattells of anye other pson or psons, of anye Corporacftn Fraternytie Mysterie or other whatsoever Comunaltie, beinge Corporal or not Corporat, and all psons havinge in theire Rule Governance and Custodie, any Goods or Cattells at the tyme of the said Assessing or anye of them to be made, Or whiche for anie Cawse for and by Collection, or for hymselfe or for any other, or by reason that he hathe the Rule Govern*nce or Custodie of anye Goods or Cattells of anye other pson or psons, CorporacUn Comunaltie Fratemyty Guylde or Mysterie, or any suche other like, or as Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney of or for anye pson, shall be taxed rated valued and sett to any some or sommes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxac6n or assessinge upon any suche pson or psons as shall be chardged wlh the Receipt of the same, happen to dye, or depte from the place wheare he was so taxed and sett, or his Goods or Cattells be so eloyned or in suche privie & coverte maner kepte, as the saide pson or psons charged w"1 the same, by Estreates or other Wrytengf from the saide Comyssioners, or as many of them as shall be thereunto appoynted by the saide Comyssion as is aforsaide, can ne maye levie the same somme or sommes comprised within the same Estreates, by Distresse within the lymytes of theire Collection as is aforsaide, or cannot sell suche Distresse or Distresses as be taken for any of the saide paymentf, before the tyme lymyted to the Highe Collecto' for his payment to be made in the Quenes Ma'f Receipt, Then upon relac&n thereof wth due Examynac&n by the Othe or Examynacon of suche pson or psons as shalbe chardged w'h and for the Receipt and Collection of the same, before the saide Comyssioners, or as many of them as by the saide Comyssion shall be thereunto appoynted, wheare suche pson or psons or other as is aforesaide theire Goods and Cattells weare sett and taxed, and upon playne Certyficate thereof made in the Quenes Ma'f Exchequo' by the same Comyssioners, as well of the dwellinge place names and sommes of the said psons of whome the saide sommes cannot be levied and hadd as is aforesaide, then aswell the Constables and other Inhabifuntf appoynted for the said pticuler Collection, against the Highe Collecto", as the Highe Collecto' upon his Accompt and Othe in the said Exchequer, to be dischardged thereof; and processe to be made for the Quenes Ma"' owte of the said Exchequer, by the discrecftn of the Barons of the saide Exchequo', againste suche person, his Heires or Executo" so being behynde w"1 his paym1: And over that, the same Comyssioners, to whome anye suche Declarac&n of the PremisS shall be made in forme aforesaide, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and awthoritie to directe theire Precept or Preceptf unto the saide pson or psons charged w4 any somme of for and upon any suche pson and psons or other as is aforesaid, or to any Shirief Stewarde Bailief or other whatsoever Officer Mynyster pson or psons of suche place or places wheare any suche pson or psons so oweng suche somme or sommes shall have Lands and Tenementf or other Hereditamentf or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattells, whereby any suche pson or psons so indebted, his Heires Executo" or Assignees or other havinge the Custodie Governance or Disposicbn of any Goods Cattells Lands or Tenementf or other Hereditamentf, whiche ought or may by this Acte lawfullie be distreyned or taken for the same, hathe and shall have Goods Cattells Lands Tenementf or other Possessions, whereof suche somme or sommes whiche by anye suche pson or psons maye or ought to be levied, be yt wthin the lymytes of suche Comyssion wheare suche pson or psons was or weare taxed, or withowt, in any place w,hin this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Ma'f Domynyons Marches or Territories; By whiche p>cept aswell suche pson or psons shalbe charged to levie suche Money, as the Officer of the Place or Places wheare suche Distresse maye be taken, shall have full Power and Awthoritie to distreyne everie suche pson indebted charged or chargeable by this Acte, or his Executo" or Admynistrato" of his Goods and Cattells, his Gardians Facto" Deputies Leassees Farmers & Assignes, and all other psons by whose Hands or owte of whose Lands anye suche pson shoulde have Fee Rente Anuytie or other Proffitt, or whiche at the tyme of the saide assessinge, shall have Goods or Cattells or anye other thinge moveable of anye suche pson or psons beinge indebted or oweng suche somme; And the Distresses so taken, cawse to be kept appraised and soulde, in like maner and forme as is aforesaide for the Distresse to be taken upon suche psons to be taxed to the saide Subsidie, and beinge sufficient to distreyne within the Lymytes of the Collecto" Inhabit’untf or other Officers chardged wUl or for the saide sommes so upon them to be taxed; And yf anye suche Distresse for non payment happen to be taken owt of the lymyte of the saide psons chardged & assigned to levie the same, the psons so charged for the levie of any suche sommes by Distresse, shall pceyve and take by the same Distresse, for the Labo' of everie pson goinge for the execucftn thereof, for everie Myle that anye suche pson so laboureth for the same, Twoe pence; And everie Farmo' Ten*nte Gardian Facto' or other whatsoever pson, being distreyned or otherwise chardged for payment of anye suche somme or sommes, or anye other somme by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche somme or sommes, of hym or them so levied and taken, dischardged and acquyted at his next daye of payment of the same, or at the delypy of suche Goods and Cattells as he that is so distreyned had in his Custodie or Govem'unce, againste hym or them that shall be so taxed and sett; Any Graunte or Wrytenge Obligatorie or other whatsoever Matter to the contrarie made heretofore notwithstandinge: And yf any suche pson that shulde be so distreyned, have no Lands or Tenementf sufficient, wherebie he or his Ten*untf and Fermo" maye be distreyned, or have alyened eloyned or hidd his Goods and Cattells whereby he should or might be distreyned, in suche maner that suche Goods and Cattells shoulde not be knowen or fownde, so that the somme of or by hym to be paied in the saide forme, shall ne can be convenyentlie levied. Then upon relacon thereof to the Comissioners or to as many of them as by the saide Comission shalbe thereunto appoynted, wheare suche pson or psons was taxed & sett, by the Othes of hym or them that shalbe chardged w*h the levife and payment of that somme or sommes, The same Comyssioners shall make a Precept in suche maner as is

s

l

a

i

i

I

i

I

i

ci

a

B

I

i

a

i

k

t

t

it

I

i,


A.D. 1586-7

29° Eliz. c. 8.

789

aforesaide, for to attache take and arrest the Bodie of suche pson or p6ons that ought to paye the saide sommes and by this Acte shall be charged w,u and for the saide sorame and sommes ; And them so taken safely to kepe in prison within the Shire or other Place where any suche pson or psons shalbe taken & attached, there to remayne withowt Baile or Mayneprise, untill hee hathe paied the saide somme or s5mmes, that suche person for hymselfe or for anye other by this Acte shall be chargeable or ought to be charged withall, and allso for the Fees of everie suche Arrest to hym or them that shall execute suche Precept, Twentie pence; And that everie Officer unto whome suche Precept shalbe directed, do his trewe diligence and execute the same upon everie pson so being indebted, upon payne to forfeyte to the Quenes Ma"* for everie default in that behalfe, Twentie shillingf; And that no Kep of any Gaole, from his Gaole suffer any suche pson to goe at lardge by lettinge to Baile, or otherwise to depte owte of his Prison, before he have paied his saide Debte and the saide twentie pence for the saide Arrest, upon payne to forfeicte to the Quenes Ma0* fowrtie shillingf, And the same Gaoler to paye to the Quenes Ma"* the dowble value, aswell of the Rate whiche the saied pson so ymprsioned was taxed at, as of the saide twentie pence for the Fees: And like Processe and Remedie in like forme shalbe graunted by the saide Comyssyoners, or as manye of them as by the saide Comyssion shalbe therunto appoynted, at like Informacbn of everie pson or psons beinge charged w" any somme of Money for anye other pson or psons by reason of the saide Subsidie, and not thereof paied, but wilfullie w"drawen, nor the same leviable within the lymytes where suche psons weare thereunto taxed : And yf the somme or sommes, beinge behynde unpaied by anye pson or psons as is aforesaide, be levied and gathered by force of the saide Processe to be made by the saide Comyssioners, or yf in defaulte or for lacke of Payment thereof, the pson or p6ons so oweng the saide somme or sommes of Money, by Processe of the same Comissioners to be made as is aforesaid, be comytted to Prison in forme abovesaide, that then the saide Comyssioners w*" shall awarde suche Processe, shall make Certificate thereof in the saide Exchequo' of that shall be doon in the Premisl, in the Terme next folowenge after suche somme or sommes of Money so beinge behynde shalbe levyed and gathered, or suche pson or psons for non payment of the same comytted to Prison : And yf yt happen anye of the saide Collecto" to be assigned, or anye Maio" Shirieff Steward f Constables the Hedburoughe Bursholder Bailief or any other Officer or Mynister or other whatsoever pson or psons, to disobey the saide Comissyoners or anye of them, in the resonable request to them made by the saide Comyssioners for execu£&n of the saide Comission, Or yf anye of the Officers or other persons do refuse that to them shall apperteyne and belonge to doe by reason of any Precept to hym or them to be directed, or any resonable Comaundement Instance or Request towching the Premisses, or other defalte in any Apparance or Collection to make, or yf any pson, being suspecte not to be indifferentlie taxed as is aforesaide, doe refuse to be examyned accordinge to the tenor of this Acte before the saide Comyssioners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaide, or will not appere before the same Comyssyoners upon wamynge to hym made, or else make Resistaunce or Rescous upon any Distresse upon hym to be taken for anye peel I of the saide Subsidie, or comytt any mysbehaveo' in any maner of wise contrarie to this Acte, or comytt any wilfiill omyssion or other whatsoever wilfull not doinge or mysdoenge, contrary to the teno' of this Acte or Gr'unte j the same Comyssioners and everie nomber of them above remembred, or twoe of them at the least, upon probable knowledge of any suche misdemeano" hadd by Informacon or Exaiac&n, shall and maye sett upon everie suche Offendo' for everie suche Offence, in the name of a Fyne by the same Offendo' to be forfeited, fowrty shillingf or under, by discrec&n of the same Comyssyoners; And further, the same Comyssioners, and everie nomber of them or twoe of them at the leaste, shall have awthoritie by this present Acte, to punyshe everie suche Offendo' by Imprisonment, there to remayne and to be delyvered by theire discrec&n as shall seame to them convenyent; the saide Fynes, yf any suche be, to be certefied by the said ComyssioSs that so assessed the same into the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequo', there to be levied and paied by the Collecto" of that parties for the saide Subsidie returned into the saide Exchequo', to be thcrw"1 charged w,b the payment of the saide Subsidie, in suche maner as yf the saide Fynes hadd bene sett and taxed upon the saide Offendo" for the Saide Subsidie.

And yt is also Inacted by the saide Awthoritie of this present Pliament, That everie of the saide Highe Collecto" whiche shall accompte for anye parte of the saide Subsidye in the saide Exchequo', upon theire severall Accomptf to be yelden, shalbe allowed at everie of the saide Paym'f of the saide Subsidie, for everie pownde lymyted to his Collection whereof any suche Collecto' shall be chardged and yelde Accompte, Sixe pence, as pcell of theire Chardge; that is to saye, of everie pownde thereof for suche pson as then have hadd the perticuler Collection of the Townes and other Places as is aforesaide specified in his Collection, twoe pence; and other twoe pence of everie pownde thereof, everie of the saide Chief Collecto" or theire Accomptantf to retayne to theire owne use for theire Labour and Chardge in and abowte the Premisses; and twoe pence of everie pownde residue to be delyvered allowed and paied by the saide Collecto' so being thereof allowed, to suche of the Comyssioners as shall take upon them the busynes Sc labour for and abowt the premisses; that is to saye, everie Collecto' to paye that Comyssyoner or Comyssyoners whiche hadd the orderinge of the wrytengf of and for the saide Subsidie, wheare the saide Collecto' or Collecto" hadd theire Collection, for the expenses of the saide Comyssioners so taking upon them the saide busynes, and labo' of theire Clarkf wryteng the saide Preceptf and Extractf of the saide Collections; the same laste twoe pence of everie pownde, to be dyvided amongest the saide Comissioners, having Regarde to theire labo' and busynes taken by them and theire saide Clarkes in and abowt the premisses ; for whiche parte so to the saide Comyssyoners apperteynenge, the saide Comyssioners, sixe fyve sour three or twoe or as many of them as shall be thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Ma'f Comyssion, and everie of them, joyntly and severallie for his and theire saide parte, may have his Remedie against the saide Collecto' or Collecto" whiche thereof bene or might have bene allowed, by Accon of Debte, in whiche the Defendant shall not waige his Lawe, neither Protecc&n neither Injunction or Essoyne shalbe allowed.

Like Procew against Persona chargeable for othera j

Certificate of all auch I’roc eta into the Exchequer;

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or to be examined, or being

may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

XXIII.

Allowance to High Collectors, 6d. in the Pound, for themselves, Under Collectors, and Commissioners.


9*

Original from PENN STATE

790

29° Eliz. c. 8.

A.D. 1586-7

XXIV. Members of Parliament, Commissioners, tec. shall not be Collectors, See.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the Exchequer.

XXV.

After Assessment, tec. Commissioners shall meet and certify their several Assessments, with the Names of Collectors,

Fines, Sec.

Separate Certificates may be made, where Commissioners do not all agree.

Collectors shall answer for their respective Districts.

Executors,

Heirs, &c. of Commissioners or Collectors, Sec. dying, shall complete their Duties;

And that no pson nowe beinge of the nomber of the Companye of this present Pliament, nor any Comyssioner, shall be named or assigned to be any Collecto' or Subcollecto' or Presento' of the saide Subsidie, or of anye parte thereof; nor no Comyssioners shalbe compelled to make any Presentment or Certificate, other then in the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequo', of for or concemynge the saide Subsidie or anye parte or pcell thereof; and likewise that no other pson that shall be named and assigned to be Comyssyoners in any place to and for the execucfin of this Acte of Subsidie, be or shall be assigned or named Hedd Collecto" of any of the paymentf of the saide Subsidie, neither of anye parte thereof; And that everie suche person or persons whiche shalbe named and appoynted as is aforesaide to be Hedd Collecto" of and for the first payment of this Subsidie, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the seconde payment of the saide Subsidie, nor for anye parte thereof: And the saide Collecto" whiche shall be assigned for the Collection of the saide Subsidie, or for any parte thereof, and everie of them, be and shall be acquyted and dischardged of all maner Fees Rewardf and of everie other Chardges in the Quenes Ma'f Exchequo' or elsewheare, of them or any of them, by reason of that Collection Payment or Accomptf or anye thinge concernyng the same to be asked ; and that yf any pson receyve or take any Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of anye suche Accomptant, or use anye unneccssarie delaye in theire Accompt, that then he shall forfeicte to the Quenes Mau* for everie penye or valewe of everie penye or penywoorth so taken, fyve shillingf, and fyve powndf to the partie grieved for evy suche delaye, and suffer Ymprysonment at the Quenes Ma'f Pleasure.

And after the taxinge and assessing of the saide Subsidie (as is aforesaide) had or made, and the saide Extractf therof in Pchement unto the Collecto' in maner and forme before rehersed delivered, the saide Comyssioners whiche shall take upon them the execucbn of this Acte w^in the lymytf of theire Comission, by theire Agreamentf shall have meetinge together, at whiche meetinge everie of the saide Comissioners whiche then shall have taken upon theam the execucbn of anye parte of the saide Comyssion, shall by hymselfe or his sufficient Deputie, trulie certifie and bring foorth unto the saide Comissioners named in the saide Comission, the Certyficate and Presentment made before hym and suche other Comyssioners as weare lymyted w"1 hym in one lymyte, so that the same Certificate may be accompted & caste wth the other Certificatf of the other lymytes w,hin the same Comyssion; and then the saide Comyssioners and everie nomber of them unto twoe at the leaste as is aforesaide, yf any be in Lyes, or theire Executo" or Admynystrato" of theire Goods if they then be dead, shall joynctly and severallie as they weare divided within theire lymytes, under theire Seales by theire discrec&n, make one or severall Wrytengf indented, conteyneng in it aswell the Names of the saide Collecto", by the Comyssioners for suche Collection & Accomptf in the Exchequo' and payment in the same Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse and severall sommes written unto everie suche Collecto' to receyve the saide Subsidie; And also all Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfaictures, yf anye suche by reason of this Acte happen to be w,hin the precyncte and lymyte of theire Comyssion, to be certefied into the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequer by the saide Comyssioners; In whiche Wrytinge or Wrytingf indented so to be certefied, shall be playnelie declared and expressed the whole and entyre some or sommes of the saide Subsydie severallie lymyted to the Collection of the saide Collecto" severallie deputed & assigned to the Collection of the sayde sommes; So that none of the saide Collecto" so certified in the saide Exchequo', shalbe compelled theare to accompt or to be chardged, but only to and for the somes lymyted to his Collection, and not to or for any some lymyted to the Collection of his Fellowe, but everie of them shalbe severallie chardged for theire pte lymyted to theire Collection: And yf the saide Comyssioners joyned in one Comyssion amongest themselves in that Matter cannot agree, or yf anye of them be not readye, or refuse to make Certificate wu‘ other of the same Comissioners, That then the saide Comyssioners maye make severall Indentures in forme aforesaid of their severall lymytes or sepac&ns of Collecto" within the lymytes of theire Cdmission, upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like Divisions w^in theire saide severall lymytf of theire Comyssion, as the Places there shall requyre to be severed and divided, and as to the same CSmissioners shall seeme good, to make Divisions of theire lymytes or Collections for the severall Chardges of the same Collecto'*; So that alwaie one Collecto* shalbe chardged & accompt for his parte to hym to be lymyted onlie by hymselfe, and not for anye somme lymyted to the parte of anye of his Fellowes, And the chardges of everie of the Collecto" to be sett and certefied severallie upon them ; And everie suche Collecto', upon his Accompte and Payment of the somme of Money lymyted within his Collection, to be severallie by hymselfe accquyted and dischardged in the saide Exchequo*, withowt payeng any maner Fees or Rewardf to anye pson or psons for the same, upon payne and penaltie last abovesaide, and not to be chardged for any porfftn of any other Collecto': And yf any Comyssioner, after he hathe taken Certificat of them (1) as is aforesaide shalbe before anye suche Comissioners examyned, and the sommes rated & sett and the Bookes and Wrytingf thereof beinge in his Hands, Or yf any Collecto' or other pson chardged w,h any Receipt of anye pte of the saide Subsidie, or any other pson taxed or otherwise by this Acte chardged w"1 and for anye pcell of the saide Subsidie, or w,h anye other Some Fyne Amerciament Penaltie or other Forfeiture, happen to dye before the Comissioners Collecto" or other whatsoever pson or psons, have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficientlie discharged that whiche to everie suche pson shall apperteyne or belonge to doe accordinge to this Acte, Then the Executo" and Heires of everie suche pson, and all other seised of anye Lands & Tenementf that anye suche pson being chardged by this Acte and decessinge before he be dischardged thereof, or anye other to his use onlie, had of Estate of Inheritance, at the tyme y‘ anye suche person was named Comyssyoner Collecto* or otherwise chardged wu‘ or for any maner of Thinge to be doon satisfied or paied by reason of this Acte, And all those that have in theire Possessions or Hands any Goods Cattells Leases or other Things that weare to anye suche pson or psons at the tyme of his Deathe, or anye Lands or Tenementf that weare the same psons at the tyme he was as is aforsaide chardged by this Acte, shalbe by the same

1 that omitted.


A.D. 1586-7

29° Eliz. c. 8.

791

compelled and chardged to doe and accomplishe in everie case, as the same j*on so beinge chardged shoulde have doon, or might have bene compelled to doe, yf he hadd bene in playne Lief, after suche Rate of the Lands and Goods of the saide Comissioner or Collecto' as the partie shall have in his Hands; And yf the saide Comyssioners, for cawses reasonable them movinge, shall thyncke yt not convenyent to joyne in one Certificate as is aforsaide, Then the saide pson or peons that shall first joyne together, or he that shall first cerdfie the saide Wryteng indented as is aforsaid, shall certifie all the Names of the Comyssioners of that Comission, whereupon suche Wryteng shall be there then to be certefied, w"1 Division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tithingf & other Places to and amonge suche CSmyssiofis of the same Comission, w*" the Names of the same C5missioners where suche Sepacons & Divisions shall be, w* the grosse sommes of Money, aswell of and for the said Subsidie taxed or sett of or w,hin the saide Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other Places, to hym or them divided or assigned that shall so certefie the saide firste Wryteng, as of the Fynes Amerciamentf Penalties and other Forfaictures, yf anye happen to be within the same lymytes, whereof the same Wrytengf shalbe certified: And after suche Wrytengf indented, whiche as is aforesaide shalbe certefied & not conteyne in yt the whole and full somes sett and taxed within the lymytes of the same Comission, the other Comissioners of the same, before the daye of Payment of the saide Subsidie, shall certifie into the saide Exchequo' by theire Wryteng or Wrytinges indented to be made as is aforsaide, the grosse and severall sommes sett & taxed within the Places to them lymyted for the saide Subsidie, and other Fynes Amerciamentf Penalties and Forfeictures, w,h the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other Places to them assigned ; or ells by theire saide Wrytengf indented, to certefie at the same Place before the same daye of Payment, suche reasonable cawses for theire Excuses why they maye not make suche Certificate of and for the saide Subsidie Fines Amerciamentf and other Forfeitures groweng or sett, by reason of the Cawses of theire Lettf, or of theire not certyfieng as is aforesaide. Or else in defalt thereof, Processe to be made owt of the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequo' against the saide Comissyoners and everie of them not makinge Certificate as is aforesaide, by the Discrecftn of the Thresowrer and Barons of the saide Exchequo'.

Provided alwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide. That the Inhabifuntf of the Parrishe of Sl Martyn called Stamford Baron in the Suburbes of the Boroughe and Towne of Stamforde in the Sowthe parte of the Water theare, called Wellandf, whiche hereafter shalbe contributorie to the payment of this present Subsidie graunted to the Quenes Ma" her Heires and Successo", shalbe assessed rated & taxed for this tyme by suche Comyssioners whiche shalbe appoynted for the taxing ratinge & sessinge of the Subsidie w""in the Countie of Lyncoln, and shalbe for this tyme contributory and paye the saide Subsydie to the Collecto' or Collecto" whiche shall be assigned and appoynted for the levyeng and gatheringe of the same, w" the Aldermen and Burgeses of the saide Boroughe and Towne of Stamford.

Provided allwaies and be yt further Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That all and everie person and persons havinge Manno" Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf changeable to the payment of the Subsidie graunted to the Quenes Mall* by this Acte, and also havinge Spirituall Possessions chargeable to her saide Ma,lc by the Graunte made by the Clergie of this Realme in theire Convocation, and over this havinge substaunce in Goods and Cattclls chargeable by this saide Acte, that then yf anye of the saide pson or psons be hereafter chardged assessed and taxed for the saide Manno" Lands and Tenementf and Spirituall Possessions, and also assessed charged and taxed for his and theire Goods and Cattells, that then he or they shalbe onlie chardged by vertue of this Acte for his and theire saide Manno" Lands Tenementf Heredytamentf and Spirituall Possessions, or onlie for his saide Goods & Cattells the best thereof to be taken for the Quenes Ma0*, and not to be chardged for bothe or dooble chardged for anye of them ; Anye Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided alwaies, That this Graunte or Subsidie or anie Thinge therein conteyned, in any wise extende not to chardge the Inhabitauntf dwelling in Irelande Jemesey and Gamesey, or anye of them, of for or concemyng any Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Possessions Goods Cattells or other moveable Substance, whiche the saide Inhit*untf or Dwellers or anye others to theire use, have within Irelande Jernesey and Gamesey, or any of them, or of for or concernynge anye Fees or Wages whiche anye of the saide Inhit’untf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma0*, for theire Attendance and doing s'rvice to o' Sovaigne Ladie, in Irelande Jernesey and Gamesey, or in any of them ; Any Thing in this present Acte to the contrarie in any wise notw^standinge.

Provided also, That this present Acte of Subsidie ne any Thinge therein conteyned extende to anye of the Englishe Inhabit*untf or Resiauntf in anie of the Cownties of Northumberlande Cumblande Westmerlande the Towne of Barwicke the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Bisshoprick of Durham, or to anye of them, of for or concemyng anye Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Possessions Goods Cattells or other moveable Substance whiche the same Englishe Inhabitantf or Dwellers, or any other to theire use, have within the saide Cownties of Northumberlande Cumberland Westmerlande or the Towne of Barwicke, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, or the Bisshopricke of Durham, or any of them, or of for or concernynge any Fees or Wages whiche anye of the saide English Inhabitantf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma,k for theire Attendance or doing service to the Quenes Ma,k for or within the saide Cownties of Northumberlande Cumberlande Westmerlande the Towne of Barwicke the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne and the Bisshopricke of Durham, or anye of them, to or for the saide taxinge levieng gatheringe or payment; But that the Englishe Inhabitauntf and Resyantes, and everie of them, of the said Cownties Bisshopricke and Townes and everie of them, shalbe of and from the saide Subsidie, and everie pcell thereof, only for theire Manno" Lands Tenementf Fees Wages Goods and Cattells heng and being in the saide Cownties Townes and Bisshopricke or any of them, utterlie acquyted and discharged; Any Thinge in this present Acte before rcherced to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Form of the first end subsequent Certificates, where all the Commissioners do not join.

XXVI. Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVII. Persons having Lands and Spiritual Possessions, and Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, See. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Kate, and not doubly charged.

XXVIII.

Exemption for Lands, Personalty, and Offices, in Jericy and Guernsey.

XXIX. Exemption for English Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

792

29° Eliz. c.8

A.D. 1586-7.

XXX. Provixo for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies:

OS VI.]

XXXI. Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, &c.

XXXII. Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, &c.

XXXIII. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXIV. Exemption for the English Inhabitants of Romney Marsh.

XXXV.

Children of Aliens, to whom Lands or Goods are assigned in Evasion of this Act, shall pay Double Rates.

Provided alsoe, That all Ires Patentf graunted by the Queries Majesde or any of her most noble Progenito", to any Cities Boroughes or Townes within this Realme, of any maner of Lit!ties Privelegf or Exempc&ns from the Burden & Charge of any suche Grauntes of Subsidies, whiche be at this present tyme in force and vaileable,

shall remayne good and effectuall to the saide Cities Boroughes and Townes heareafter, accordinge to the purportes

thereof, althoughe the Inhabitauntf of the same, and also the saide Corporafflns, shall uppon the greate and weightie Consideration of the Graunte abovesaide, be for this Graunte chardged & contributorie, in like maner forme & sorte as other Cities Boroughes and Townes whiche be not in anye wise pryveleged but by this Acte chardged.

Provyded alwaies and be yt Inacted by the Awthorytie aforsaide, That no Orphant or Infant within the Aige

of xxj0' yeres, borne within any of the Quenes Ma'f Domynyons, shalbe chardged to anye Payment of this Subsidie, for his or her Goods & Cattells to hym or her lefte or bequethed j Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie notwithstandiuge.

Provyded also, That this Acte nor anye Thinge therein conteyned, shall extende to the Goods or Lands of anye Colledge Hall or Hostell within the Unyversities of Oxforde and Cambridge, or anye of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Wynton fownded by Bisshopp Wickham, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Eaton next Wyndsor, or to the Lands Tenementf or Revenues onlye assigned or appoynted for the sstentacbn and lyveng of the poore Knightf, fownded in the Castle or Colledge of Wyndso' by or late SoPaigne Lorde Kinge Henrie the Eighte, or to any of the Goods or Cattells of the saide Knightf or anye of them, or to the Goods or Lands of anye comon Free Gramer Scoole w^in this Realme of Englande or Wales, or to the Goodes of any Reader Scoolemaster or Scoller, or anye Graduat resiante or remayneng for Studie, withowt Frawde or Covyn, within anye of the saide Unyversities & Colledges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxeforde or Suburbes of the same, or to anye of them, or to anye theire sVuntf dailie attendinge upon anye of them, nor to the Goods of anye Officer Mynyster Almesmen or sVuntf belongeng to anye of the saide Unyversities Collegf Halles or Hostells, and dwellinge and resiante within the saide Universyties or eyther of them, or within either of the saide Townes of Cambridge and Oxeforde and the Suburbes of the same, withowt Frawde or Covyn ; Or to the Goods or Lands of anye Hospitall Measondieu or Spittlehowse prepared and used for the sstentacbn and Relief of poore People; Anye Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided also. That the saide Graunte of Subsidie or any Thinge therein conteyned, do not in any wise extende or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to any the Inhabit'untf or Resiantes at this present tyme dwellinge within the Fyve Ports Corporate, or to any theire Members incorporate or unyted to the same Fyve Ports, or to anye of the same Fyve Ports; but that the Inhabit'untf or Resiantf in the saide Fyve Portes corporated and theire Members be and shall be of and from the saide Graunte and Payment of the saide Subsidie, and every parte therof, and onlie during their Resiaunce there and no longer, clerelie discharged and acquyted; Any Matter or whatsoeP Thinge in this present Acte had or made to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided also. That the saide Graunte of Subsidie and twoe Fiftcnes and Tenthes doe not in any wise extende or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to the Englishe Inhabit'untf or Resiantf at this present tyme wtl‘in the Lybties of Romney Marshe, of or for any parte of the saide sommes graunted in this present Pliam', of the saide Englishe Inhabit'untf nowe there resiauntf or anye of them to be taxed sett asked levied or paied; but that the saide Englishe Inhabit'untf & nowe Resiantf of Romney Marshe aforesaide and everie of them, be and shalbe of and from the saide Graunte and Payment of the saide Subsidie and twoe Fifteenes and Tenthes, during theire Resyancye there and no longer, acquyted and dischardged ; Any Matter or whatsoever Thinge in this present Acte made to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provided nevertheles, and be yt Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That yf anye Alien or Straunger borne. Denizen or not Denizen, and dwellinge or inhiteng within this Realme of Englande, shall assigne or convey over unto anye his or theire Childe or Children borne within this saide Realme of Englande, anye his or theire Lands Tenementf Goods or Chattells, to thentent thereby to defrawde the Quenes Ma" of her sayd Subsidie of or for the same, that then all and everie suche Childe or Children so beinge seised of any suche Lands or Tenementf, or possessed of any suche Goods or Chattells, shalbe chardged & chargeable to and w'k the payment of double the saide Subsidie for the same Lands Tenementf Goods & Chattells, at the saide Rates and Values as Alyens and Straungera, Denizens or not Denyzens, are before lymyted and appoynted to paye.


A.D. 1586-7.

29°Eliz. c. 9.

793

Motives for thia Pardon.

General Pardon of all Offences, 8tc. not expressly excepted, committed. See. before 30th Sept. An. 18 Elia.

CHAPTER IX. (’)

An Acte for the Quenes Ma*? most gracious generall and free Pardon.

THE Queenes most Excellent Ma"', wayeng with her selfe how many waies her loving & obedyent Subject?

have from time to time declared and showed their dutifiill Affeccbn towardes her Highnes, And understanding into how many dangers sundry of her loving Subject? have fallen through the breache of her Highnes Lawes and Statut?, from wA they can in no wise be freed, but by her Ma’? great Mercye; and considering that Mcrcye doth appertayne unto her Princely Estate sometimes to be distributed aswell as Justyce, her Ma’" the rather trusting that thereby her Subject? will be moved from hensforth to endevo' themselves to live in Obedyence and to observe her Lawes, hath of her nJcifull inclination thought it convenient to graunt and geve unto her loving Subject?, a geffall free and beneficiall Pardon, and thereby to delyver her said Subject? from the Daungers Penalties and Forfeytures wherewith they now stande charged or chargeable, and which they have fallen into by reason of their manifold Offenc? Disobedyence and Contempt?: And Therefore her Ma"' is well pleased and contented that it be enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, in manner and forme following, that is to saye; That all and every the said Subject?, aswell Spirituall as Temporall of this her Highnes Realme of England, Wales, the Isles of Jemesey and Gamesey, and the Towne of Barwyke, the Heires Successors Executors and Administrato" of them and every of them, and all and singular Bodies in any manner of wise corporated, Cities Boroughes Shires Ryding? Hundred? Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villag? Hamlett? and Tything?, & every of them, and the Successor and Successors of every of them, shall be by the authority of this present Parliament acquited pardoned released and discharged, against the Quenes Ma"' her Heires and Successors and every of them, of all manner of Treasons Felonies Offenc? Contempt? Trespasses Entryes Wrong? Deceyt? Misdemeanors Forfeytures Penalties and sommes of Money, paines of Death, paines corporall and pecuniarye, and genially of all other Thing? Causes Quarrell? Sut? Judgement? and Execucbns, in this present Acte hereafter not excepted nor foreprised, wch maie be or can be by her Highnes in any wise or by any meanes pardoned, before and unto the last daie of September last past, and in the eight & twentyeth yere of her most gracious Raigne, to every or any of her said Subject? Bodies Corporated Cities Boroughes Shires Ryding? Hundred? Lathes Rapes Wapentak? Towns Villag? and Tything? or any of them.

And allso the Queenes Highnes is contented that it be enacted by the authoritye of this psent Pliament, That her said free Pardon shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe to every of her said Subject?, Bodies Corporate, and others before rehearsed, in for and against all Thing? wch be not hereafter in this present Acte excepted and foreprised, as the same Pardon should have ben, yf all Offenc? Contempt? Forfeytures Causes Matters Sut? Quarrells Judgement? Execucbns Penalties and all other Thing?, not hereafter in this Acte excepted and foreprised, had ben particularly singularly specially and plainely named rehearsed and specified, and allso pardoned by proper and expresse word? and names in their kindes natures and qualityes, by wordes and termes thereonto requisite to have ben put in and expressed in this present Acte of free Pardon; And that her said Subject?, nor any of them, nor

the Heires Executors or Administrato" of any of them, nor of the said Bodies Corporate and other before

named and rehearsed, nor any of them, be nor shalbe sued vexed or inquieted in their Bodies Goodes Cattell? Land? or Tenement?, for any manner of Matter Cause Contempt Misdemeano’ Forfeyture Trespasse Offence or any other Thing, suffered donn or committed, before the said lasste daie of September, against her Highnes her Crowne Dignitye Prcrogatyve Lawes or Statut?, but only for such Matters Causes & Offenc? as be rehearsed mencbned or in some wise touched in the Excepc&n of this present Acte hereafter mencbned to be foreprised and excepted, and for none other ; Any Statute or Statut? Lawes Customes or Usag? heretofore had made or used to

the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And the Queenes Highnes of her bounteous liberalitye, by the Authoritye of this present Parliament, graunteth G ^ and freely geveth to every of her said Subject?, and to everye of the saide Bodies Corporate and other Forfeiture* before rehersed, and every of them, all Good? Chattell? Debt? Fynes Yssues Proffitt? Amerciament? Forfeytures and Somes of Mony by any of them forfeyted, which to her Highnes doe or should belong or apperteyne, by reason of any Offence Contempt Trespasse Entrye Misdemeano’ Matter Cause or Quarrell done or cdmitted by them or any of them before the said laste daie of September, w'" be not hereafter in this present Acte foreprised and excepted ; And be yt enacted nevertheles. That all Graunt? thereof, or of any part thereof, made by any such as have so forfeyted the same, and are hereby restored as aforesaid, & all

Execucbns thereof or of any part thereof, had against any such after such Forfeyture thereof committed or made shall be of such Force and Effecte as if no such Forfeyture thereof had ben had or made, and of no other;

The same Forfeyture or any Thing before in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding. And that all and Pardon may be every the Queenes said Subject?, & all and singuler Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed, may by him ^,dcde*c"h°uIt6<j or themself, or by his or their Deputye or Deputyes or by his or their Attorney or Attorneys, according to the to the Clerk.

IL

Thi« Pardon as valid by general Words, as if all Offences, &c. were particularly specified.

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.


9 Q

794

29° Eliz. c. 9.

J>.1586-7.

IV.

Thu Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

V.

Penalty on Officers of Courts issuing Process for Offences hereby pardoned; Treble Damages and Process declared void.

VI

Exceptions from this Pardon: Certain Treasons;

Piracies!

Murders

Counterfeiting, &c. of Money

Burglaries;

Robberies;

Horse-stealing ; Arsons;

Rapes, &c.

Escapes; Attainders; Witchcrafts;

Taking Issues of Goods of Felons,

Ac. j

Lawes of this Realme, pleade and minister this present Acte of free Pardon, for his or their Dischardge of and for every Thing that is by vertew of this present Acte pardoned dischardged geven or graunted, w^owt any Fee or other Thing in any wise payeing to any person or psons for Writing or Entrye of the Judgementf or other Cause concerning such Plea Writing or Entrye, but onely Sixteene pence to be paid to the Officer or Clarke that shall enter such Plea Matter or Judgement for the Partyes dischardged in that Behalf; Any Lawe Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

And Furthermore the Queenes Highnes is contented and pleased that it be enacted by the authoritye of this present Parliament, That her said free Pardon by the geSall Word? Clauses and Sentenc? before rehearsed, shall be reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken, in all manner of Courts of her Highnes and elsewhere, most beneficially and availably to all and singuler her said Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed and to every of them, in all thing? not in this present Acte excepted or foreprised, withowt any Ambiguitye Question or other Delaye whatsoever yt shall be, to be made pleaded objected or alleaged by the Queene o' Soveraigne Lady her Heires or Successors, or by her or any of their geSall Attorney or Attorneys, or by any pson or psonnes for her Highnes or any of her Heires or Successors.

And furthermore yt is enacted by the Queene o’ Soveraigne Lady by the authority of this present Parliament, That if any Officer or Clarke of any of her Highnes Courts comonly called the King? Benche Chauncerye and Comen Place, or of her Exchequo', or any other Officer or Clarke of any other of her Highnes Courts within this Realme, at any time after the last daye of this present Session of Parliament, make owt or wryte owt any manner of Wryttf Processe Sommons or other Precept? whereby any of the said Subjects or any of the said Bodies corporated or others before rehearsed or any of them, shall be in any wise arrested attached distrayned sommoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or grieved in his or their Bodies Land? Tenement? Good? or Cattels or in any of them, for or because of any manner of thing pardoned or dischardged by vertue of this Act of free Pardon; Or yf any Sheriff or Escheato' or any of their Deputye or Deputyes or any Bayliff or other Officer whatsoev1 by colour of his or their Office or otherwise, after the said last daie of this present Session of Parliament doe levye receyve take or withold of or from any pson or psonnes any thing pardoned or dischardged by this Acte, that then every such pson so offending and thereof lawfully convicted or condemned by any sufficient Testimony Witnesse or Prooffe shall yeelde and paye for Recompence thereof to the Party so greived or offended thereby, his or their treble Damagf besidf all Cost? of the Sute, and shall also forfeyt and loose to the Queenes Ma^ for every suche defalt, Tenn powndf : And neverthelesse all and singuler such Writtf Processe and pceptf so to be made for or uppon any manner of thing pardoned or dischardged by this present Acte of free Pardon, shall be utterly void and of none Effect.

Except and allwaies foreprised out of this generall and free Pardon, all and all manner of High Treasons and other Offencf comitted or donne by any pson or psonnes against the Quenes most Royall pson, and all Conspiracies and Confederacyes trayterously had comitted or doon by any pson or psones against the Quenes Mau" Royall Pson; And allso excepted all and every manner of Treasons cdmitted or donn by any pson or psonnes in the part? beyonde the Seas or in any other place owt of the Queenes Dominions, and allso all Suytf Punishment? Execuc&ns Paines of Death Forfeytures and Penalties for or by reason or occasion of anye the Treasons and Offenc? before rehearsed: And allso excepted and foreprised owt of this geSall Pardon, all and every Offences of Pyracye and Robberye donn uppon the Seas, and all & every comforting procuring or abbetting of the same Offenc? to be had donn or committed: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all manner of voluntary Murders Petite Treasons and willfull Poysoning? donn or comitted by any pson or psonnes and all and every the Accessaries to the same Offenc? or any of them before the said Offenc? committed : And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Offenc? of forging and false counterfeiting of any the Monnyes currant wlbin this Realme; And allso all Offenc? of unlawfull diminishing of any the said Moneys by any waie or meanes whatsoever contrary to the Lawes and Statut? of this Realme, and allso all abbetting aiding comforting or procuring of the same Offenc? or any of them to be comitted or donne: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Burglaries, comitted or donn in any Dwelling Howse or Howses, and all Accessaries to any the said Burglaries before the same Burglary comitted: And allso excepted all Roberies donn uppon or to any Man or Womans pson in the High waie or else where, and all and singular Accessaries of or to any such Robberies before the said Robberye comitted : And allso excepted the felonious stealing of any Horse Gelding or Mare, and all Accessaries thereonto before the same Felony comitted: And allso all willfull Burning? of any Dwelling Howse or Howses, or of any Bame or Barnes wherein any Corne is: And allso excepted all Rapes and camall Ravishementf of Weomen ; And allso all Ravishement? and willfull taking awaie or marry eng of any Maide Wydowe or Damosell against her will, or withowt the Assent or Agreement of her Parent? or of such as have her in Custodye; And also all Offenc? of ayding comforting procuring or abbetting of any such Ravishement willfull taking or marryeng to be had comitted or donn: And allso excepted all willfull Escapes of any Traytors or Fellons: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all psonnes now attainted or owtlawed of or for any Treason Pettie Treason Murder Willfull Poisoning or Robberye: And allso excepted all Offenc? of Invocacons Conjuracbns Wichcraft? Sorceryes Inchauntment? and Charmes, and all Offenc? of procuring abetting or comforting of the same, and all personnes now attainted or convycted of any of the saide Offenc? : And allso excepted all & every manner of taking from the Quenes Ma,h of any Good? or Cattell?, or the Yssues Rent? Revenewes or Proffitt? of any Manno" Land? Tenement? or Hereditament? which were of any Tray to' Murderer Felon Clarke or Clark? attainted or Fugityves, or of any of them} And allso excepted all Good? and Chattell? in any wise forfeyted to the Queenes Ma"' by reason of any Treason Petite Treason Murder or Felonye heretofore comitted or donn: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all Offenc? in


A.D. 1586-7

29° Eliz. c. 9.

795

making or publishing or in consenting to the making or of any false seditious or sclaunderous Booke or Books Libell Seditiout Libel*, or Lybellf against any pson of psonnes: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all Intrusions and spoilt of Woods w«te«,

had made or donn by any p6on or psonnes in or uppon any the Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Hereditamentf arc. in the Queen’*, of o' Soveraigne Lady the Queene, and all Wastf donn comytted or suffered uppon any such Lands Tenementf kc' ’

or Hereditamentf, and the wrongfull taking of any the Rents Yssues Sc Proffitf of the same Manno" Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf of o' said Soveraigne Lady the Queene, and also all Sutf Accomptf and Irapetic6ns of & for the same:

And also excepted owt of this Pardon, all Alyenaf&ns of any Lands Tenem'f or Hereditamentf withowt Lycence, A^ffffrn[|T,

and all Fynes Yssues and Proffittf that maye or ought to growe or come to the Queenes Ma" by reason of

any such Alienac&n w,howt Lycence: And also excepted owt of this Pardon al Wastf comitted or donn in any

of the Queenes Wards Lands, or in the Wardes Lands of any of the Queenes Comittees; And allso all and every gic-i

Fyne and Fynes for the single or double Value of the Marriage or Marriagf of all Sc every Warde or Wards at any

time heretofore growne to the Queenes Ma"* or any her noble Progenitors : And allso excepted all concealed Wards Concealed Wird*;

and the Lands of such Wardes concealed, and all Lyveryes and Primer Seisons and Ouster le maines that ought to

be had donn or sued for the same: And allso excepted owt of this geSall Pardon, all Ravishemenf and wrongfull

taking or witholding of any of the Queenes Wardes or Wardes Lands, or the Rents and Proffittf of the same

at any time c5men or growne to the Queues Hands; and every Thing that by reason of any Warde or Wardes

Landes, or for defalt of suing or prosecuting of any Lyvery, ought to come or be to the Quenes Ma,1% and w*1* as

yet is not dischardged: And allso excepted all Fynes that should or ought to growe to the Queenes Ma"* of any of

her Wydowes that have married withowt Lycense.

PnoviDED allwaies and be yt enacted by the Authoritye of this present Parliament, That all and every pson and Liytry L»nd* psonnes which have tendered or ought to sue Lyverye owt of our said Sovereigne Ladye the Quenes Hands, of or »ha^bc duly wed for any Manno" Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf whatsoev* they be, shall sue his and their Lyverye and Lyveries y * *"°n '

owt of o' said Sovereigne Lady the Queenes Hands, of his or their Manno" Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf, in like manner and forme as they and everye of them should or ought to have donn if this Acte had never ben had ne made; Any article thing or things in this present Acte of genlall Pardon comprised and specified to the contrary notwithstanding.

And allso excepted and foreprised owt of this Pardon, all such psons as the last daie of this present Session of Parliament be in Prison within the Towre of London, or in the Prison of the Marshallsey, or in the Prison of the Fleete, or otherwise restayned of Libertye, by expresse Comaundement from the Quenes Mam, or by the Comaundement or Dyrecc&n of any of her Ma'f Privy Counsell: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all and everye such pson and psonnes w<h at any time sithens the begynning of the Quenes Ma'f Raigne, have fledd owt of this Realme of England, or any other the Quenes Dominions, for any Offence of High Treason Petite Treason or Misprision of Treason: And allso excepted all such psons as be fledd or gonn out of this Realme for any Cause contrary to the Laws and Statutf of this Realme withowt the Quenes Ma" Lycense; And allso excepted, all such psons as have obteyned and had Lycense to depart this Realme for a certayne tyme, and now doe abyde owt of the Realnie withowt any lawfull excuse after the time of their Lycense expired: And also excepted owt of this Pardon, all and everye Concealementf or wrongfull Deteynementf of any Custome or Subsidye dew to the Quenes Ma"c, and all Accomptf Impeticbns and Sutf to be had made or donn for the same: And allso excepted, all and singular Accomptf of all and every Collecto' and Collecto'* of any Subsidye Fyfteene Custome or other Thing, and all Accomptf of every other pson whatsoever that ought to be accomptant to the Quenes Highnesse or to her most noble Father King Henry the Eight, or to King Edward the Sixte, or to Queene Marye, or to any of them, and the Heires Executors and Administrators of every such p6on that ought to accompt, for all things touching only the same Accomptf, and all and singular Arreragf of Accomptf, and all untrew Accomptf, and all Impetic6ns Sutes Demaundf and Execuc&ns which can or maie be had of or for any Accompt or Accomptf, or any Arreragf of the same: And allso excepted all Inclosures and decayes of Howses of Husbandrye, and the converting or keeping of any Land from Tillage to Pasture, made done comitted or permitted contrary to the forme and effecte of any Statute or Statutes heretofore made: And allso excepted and foreprised owt of this Pardon, all and all manner of Deceytf and Offencf of all and singuler Monnyers and other Officers Mynters and Workemen of or in any of the Queenes Ma'f Myntf within this Realme or other her Domynions, and all ImpeticSns and Punishementf for the same: And allso excepted, all Tytles and Acc6ns of Quare Impedit, and all Homagf Releif and Releifs Herriottf Rent Servies Rent Chargf Rent Seckf and the Arreragf of the same not donn or paid to the Queenes Highnes: And allso excepted, all Condic&ns and Coven*ntf, and all Penalties Tytles and Forfeytures of Condicbn or Condicbns Covenaunt or Covenauntf accrued or growne to the Queenes Ma,k by reason of the Breache and not pforming of any Covenaunt or Condicbn whatsoever: And allso excepted, all sommes of Money graunted to the Quenes Ma'* or to any her noble Progenitors, by waie or meane of Subsidye Fifteene or otherwise: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all Debts w* were or be due to o' Soveraigne Lady the Queene or to the most noble King of famous Memorye King Henry the Seventh, or to King Henry the Eight King Edward the Sixte, or to the late Queene Marye, or to any pson or psons to any of their Uses, by any Condempnac&n Recognisaunce Obligac&n or otherwise (other then such Debts as are dewe uppon any Obligacbn or Recognisaunce forfeyted before the said last daie of September, for non appearaunce in any Courte or other Place whatsoever, or for not keeping of the Peace or not being of good Behavio') w*1 Debts growne or accrued uppon those Causes by this free Pardon be and shalbe cleerly pardoned and dischardged: And allso excepted and foreprised owt of this Pardon, all and singuler Penalties

VIII. Further Exception* : Prisoner* in special Custody ; Fugitive* for Treason, Sec.

Persons absent from the Realm without Licence;

Concealment of Cu*tom>, tec.

Collectors and Accountant* to the Crown

Unlawful Inclosures, Sec.;

Offence* of Moneycr*, Sic. of the Mints;

Quare Impedits, Homages, <cc. i

Breaches of Covenant to the Crown ; Subsidies;

Debts to the Crown except on certain Recognizances;

Original from PENN STATE

796

29°Eliz. c. 9.

A.D. 1586-7.

Forfeitures adjudged, &c.

Forfeiturea of Leases, &c.;

First Fruits and Tenths; Penalties recovered by Verdict; Forfeitures and Penalties proceeded for by the Crown;

Contempts, &c. depending in the Star-Chamber;

Perjuries;

Forgeries of Deeds, &c.;

Exportations of Gold or Silver;

Incest, See.;

Premunire;

Exporting Ordnance;

Covenous Actions for Penalties;

Offencesin Windsor orWaltliamForests.

Issues, Fines, tcc. affered, Sc. above £6, Sc.

All other Fines pardoned:

IX.

Proviso for duly estreating all Fines, Issues, Sc. whether pardoned or not.

Forfeytures and sommes of Money, being dew or accrued to or Sovereigne Lady the Queene, by reason of any Acte Statute or Statutes, w"1 Forfeytures Penalties and sommes of Money be converted into the Nature of Debt by any Judgement Order or Decree, or by the Agreement of the Offendor or Offendo": And allso excepted all Forfeytures of all Leases Estatf or Interests of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf holden of o' Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Ma1" by Knightf Service, or in Socage in Capite, or otherwise by Knightf Service, made in one or severall Assurauncf or Leases for any terme or termes of yeres, wherupon the old and accustomed Rent or more is not reserved: And allso excepted all First Frutf and Tenthes at this present being due to be paide to her Ma1" by force of any Acte or Statute or otherwise: And allso excepted all Penalties and Forfeytures whereof there is any good Verdict in any Sute geven or past for the Quenes Ma,ie: And allso excepted all Forfeytures and other Penalties and Ptoffittf now due accrued or growne, or wcl‘ shall or maie be dew accrue or growe to the Queenes Ma*1*, by reason of any Offence Misdemeano' or Contempt, or other Acte or Deede had suffered comitted or donn contrary to any Acte Statute or Statutf, or contrary to the comon Lawes of this Realme, and whereof or for the wch any Acc&n Bill Plaint or InformacSn at any time within eight yeres next before the last daie of this present Session of Parliament hath ben or shall be commenced or sued in the Court of Starr Chamber, or in any the Queenes Ma,k* Courts at Westminster, and now is, or the same last daye of this Session of Parliament shalbe there depending, or whereof the Queenes Highnes by her Bill signed or otherwise, heretofore hath made any Gift or Assignement to any pson or psonnes: And also excepted owt of this geSall & free Pardon all Offencf Contemptf Disorders Covins Fraudf Deceytf and Misdemeano" whatsoev* heretofore comitted or donn by any pson or psonnes, and whereof or for the w"* any Sute by Bill Plaint or Information at any time within sour yeres next before the last daie of this present Session of Parliament, is or shalbe commenced or exhibited in the Court of Starr Chamber at Westminster, and shall be there the same last daye of this Session of Pliament depending: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all Offencf of Perjurye and Subornacion of Wittnesses; and all Offencf of forging and counterfeiting of any false Deeds Escriptf or Writings ; and all procuring or counselling of any such counterfeiting or forging to be had or made: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all and every Offence and Offencf touching or concerning the carryeng sending or conveyeng over the Seas or out of thus Realme of any Gold Sylver Jewellf, or any Quoyne of Gold or Sylver, contrary to the Lawes or Statutf of this Realme, unlesse it were or be by the Quenes Lycense: And also excepted owt of this Pardon, all Offencf of Incest Adulterye Fornicacftn and Symonye; and all Misdemeano" and Disturbauncf committed and made in any Churche or Chappell in the time of Comon Prayer Preaching or Dyvine Servyce there used to the Disturbaunce thereof, and all Owtlaries and Prosecutions uppon the same: And allso excepted all Offencf whereby any pson maie be charged with the Penaltye and Daunger of Premunire, and of the wdl Offence or Offencf any pson standeth allready indicted or otherwise lawfully condemned or convicted: And allso excepted all Offencf whatsoever in shipping or willingly assenting or causing to be shipped to be transported into any the parts beyond the Seas owt of the Obediens of her Ma"% any Gonues Ordinaunce Shott or Gonne Mettall contrary to the Lawes or Statutf of this Realme, withowt Lycence of her Ma"* in that Behalfe first had and obtayned : And allso all such as covenously, or by Consent or for the Releif of such as have offended in or against anye popular or penall Statute, have for the same Offence or Offencf exhibited any Acfftn Bill Plaint Informacftn or Sute against any such Offender or Offenders : And allso excepted and allwaies foreprised owt of this genii 11 Pardon, all and every Offence and Offencf Contempt and Contempts Disorder and Disorders Misdemeano' and Misdemeanors heretofore comitted and donn by any pson or psonnes contrary to the Lawes of the Forrestf, w^in the Circuit or p>cintf of her Ma*f Forrestf of Windsor and Waltham or of either of them, and all Penalties for the same : And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all Yssues Fynes and Amerciamentf afferred taxed sett estreated or entred severally or particularly touching or concerning any one pson or moe psons joyntly or severally above the somme of sixe pounds; And allso excepte, all Yssues Fynes and Amerciamentf afferred taxed sett or entred sev’ally or particularly in any Court of Record at Westminster, at any time sithens the Feast of S‘ Michael Tharchangell last past: And yet nevertheless all other Fynes, as well Fynes pro licentia concordandi, as others sett taxed estreated or entred before the sayde Feast of S' Michael Tharchangell, And allso all Yssues Fynes and Amerciamentf, aswell reall as other, either within any Liberties or without, being sett taxed estreated or entred before the said Feast of S' Michaell Tharchangell, and wcl* severally or particularly exiende to the some of Sixe Pounds, and not above, whether they be totted or not totted, taken to the Charge of the Sheriff or not taken to his Charge, estreated or not estreated, or whether they be turned into Debt, or not turned into Debt, and not being Jevyed nor receyved by any Sheriff Under Sheriff Bailiff Minister or other Officer or Officers to the Quenes Mad" use, before the last day of this psent Session of Pliament, shall be freely clearely & plainly pardoned and dischardged against the Quenes Ma"*, her Heires & Successors for ever, by force of this present Acte of Free Pardon.

And yet neverthelesse all Estreatf of such Fynes Yssues and Amerciamentf as be now pardoned by this Acte, and be alredy estreated forth of the Court of Exchequo', and be remaining in the Hands of the Sheriff Under Sherifff or Bailifff for collecting of the same Fynes Yssues and Amerciamentf, shall uppon the retome of the same Estreatf, be orderly charged and delyvered by scrowes into the Office of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequo', as heretofore hath ben accustomed; to the intent that thereuppon order maie be taken that her Mau* maye be the more truly aunswered of all such Fynes Yssues and Amerciamentf not by this Acte pardoned, and w01 any Sheriff Under Sheriff Bailyff or other Officer or Minister hath receyved by force or colour of any suche Estreate Processe or Precept to him or them made for the levyeng thereof; And yet that notwithstanding, all and every Sheriff & Sherifff and other Accomptant uppon his or their petic&n or periebns to be made for the allowans of any such Fynes Yssues and A&ciamentf as by this Acte is pdoned, shall have all and every such his and


A.D. 1586-7.

29° Eliz. c. 9.

797

their Peric&n allowed in his Accompt, w^owt payeng any Fee or Reward to any Officer Clark or other Minister for the making entring or allowing of any such Petic&n or PeticSns; Any Usage or Custome to the contrarye thereof notwithstanding.

X.

And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all Goods Cattellf Debts Accons and Sutf allready forfeyted, or whereof Further any Right or Title is accrued or growne to the Quenes Ma,ie, by reason of any Outlarye, and whereof the Quenes Exception! t Ma"* by her Highnes Letters Patentf hath before the last daie of this present Session of Pliamenr, made any Graunt Outlawry 5 Covenaunt or Promisse to any pson or psons: And excepted also, all psons wch have comitted or donn any Offence offence* agaimt ether contrary to the Statute made in the first yere of her Ma'f Raigne, entituled An Acte for the Uniformitye of Act of Unfforauty Comon Praier and Servyce in the Church and the Administration of the Sacramentf, or contrary to the Statute made st. Elix. c. 1. in the three and twentyeth yere of her Ma'f Raigne, entituled An Acte to retayne the Quenes Ma'f Subjects in their due Obedyence; And all Owtlawries Proceedingf & Judgementf uppon the same Offencf or any of them, of Offenders, for such and so long time as they shall contynew disobedyent or willfully obstinate in any the same Offencf;

And yet neverthelesse whensoever the same psons or any of them shall willingly submitt themselves in their due

Obedyence to her MaUc, and will come to the Churche to heare Dyvine Servyce, and willingly refuse the said

willfull Obstinacye, and conforme themselves to the said causes of Religion and Doctryne, and contynew in such

their Conformitye and due Obedyence to her Ma"% according as by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme they

ought to doe, That then and from thensforth all and every such pson & psons so submitting and yeelding

themselves in their due Obedyence towards her Majestie and so continewing in the same, shall forthwith be

receyved and enabled by force of this Acte to have and injoye the full Benefytt of this geffall Pardon, as largely

and fully in all Respects as any other of her Ma'f good Subjects have or ought to injoye by vertew of this Acte

of gentall Pardon: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all such psonnes that be and remaine still attainted or Penon*atuinted

condemned, and not allready pardoned of and for any Rebellion or levyeng of Warr, or of or for any Conspiracye ° e e ,on

of any Rebellion or levyeng of Warr, within this Realme or in any other the Queenes Dominions: And allso except For^ene* of

all false forging or counterfeiting of any Comission or Comissions to inquire of any Lands Tenementf or c" Bill*

Hereditaments and also all false forging and counterfaiting of any untrew Certificate or Retornc of any Comissiod »igned by the

or Comissions obtayned or gotten forth of any Court or Courts, to inquire of any Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Queen' &c‘

or other Things whatsoev*; and all and all manner falsyfyeng of any Bill signed by her Ma'ie after the engrossing

thereof, and before the passing of the same unto the Great Seale.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the authoritye aforesaid, That it shall and maie be lawfull to all and every provj Clarke and other Officers of the Quenes Courts, to award and make Writtf of Capias utlagal, at the sute of the Ontltwries in Party Plaintif, against such psons owtlawed as be pardoned by this Acte, to the intent to compell the Defendant and C,il Act,on*' Defendants to make aunswer to the Plaintif or Plaintifff at whose sute he or they were owtlawed; and that every pson so outlawed shall sue a Writt of Scire facias, against the parties or partyes at whose Sute he or they were so owtlawed, before this Pardon in that behalfe shall be allowed to him or them that so is owtlawed.

And excepte allso owt of this Pardon, all Offencf comitted or donn by any pson or psons in new building Exception* dyviding of Tenementf, taking of Inmatf, new Inclosures, and other Nusauncf in any Place within the Citye of London of Nui«nce» and Suburbes of the same, or within three myles of the said Citye, contrary to the Lawe, or any her Ma'f Proclamae&ns in that behalf made.

And be yt further enacted, That this Acte of geSall Pardon shall not in any wise extende to any pson owtlawed Execution* uppon any Writt of Capias ad satisfaciendum, untill such time as the pson so owtlawed shall sadsfye or otherwise {or Dtbt‘-agree with the Partye at whose Sute the same pson was so owtlawed or condemned.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted, That this Acte of geSall Pardon, nor any Thing therein conteyned, Pmon^taken ii shall not in any wise extende to any p6on that is or shall be putt to Execucbn at any time before Tenne Execution before daies after the Ende of this Session of Parliament.

» certxin Period.


9R

( 798 )

I

Anno 31° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1588-9.

STATUTES MADE IK THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun and holden at Westminster, on the Fourth Day of February, (■) In the THIRTY-FIRST Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

i&otulo #arltamenrt D c anno regni Clfcabet&e megtne Xrtcegtmo'prlmo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato & tento apud Westm, Quarto die Februarij Anno Regni Dfie nre Elizabethe Dei gra Anglie Francie & Hibnie Regine, Fidei Defensoris, &c. Tricesimo pritno, C3i olm Dnop tam Spualiu q*ra Temporaliu ac Coitatis concensu, & Regie Majestatis assensu, Inactitata & Stabilita fuerunt hec sequencia Statuta. Viz.

Actes Publike.

i • An Acte againste discontynuancf of Writtf of Error in the Courte of Exchequer and Kings Benche.

2. An Acte for abridginge PclamacSns upon Fynes to be levied at the Comen Lawe.

3. An Acte for the avoydinge of privie and secrete Outlaries of her Majesties Subjects.

4. An Acte againste ymbeazilinge of Armor Habylimentf of Warre and Victuall.

5. An Acte concerninge Informers.

6. An Acte against Abuses in Election of Scollers and p>senta£6ns to Benefices.

7. An Acte againste erectinge and mayntayninge of Cottages.

8. An Acte for the true gawginge of Vesselles brought from beyonde the Seas converted by Brewers

for the utteraunce and sale of Ale and Beare.

9. An Acte for Writtes upon Pclamacons and Exigentf to be currant within the Countye Pallantyne

of Durham.

10. An Acte for the contynuance and pfectinge of diPse Statutf.

11. An Acte for explanac&n or declarac&n of the Statute of Octavo Regis Henrici Sexti, concerninge

forcible Entries & the Indictmentf therupon to be founde.

13. An Acte to avoyde Horse stealinge.

13. An Acte for the revivinge and enlarginge of a Statute made in the xxiij,h yere of her Majesties Raigne for repayringe of Doverr Haven. (*)

1 And there continued until the Dissolution thereof, being the Nine and twentieth Day of March; Printed Copies.

* Besides the Thirteen Acts in the above List, which are inserted in all Printed Copies as Chapters I. to XIII. of the Statute of this Year, the Acts for the Subsidies and Pardon have also been always printed as Chapters XIV. XV. and XVI.} these not being inrolled, have been now printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. No Tides are entered in the Margin* of the several Acts on the Roll) but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each of the first Thirteen Chapters.


A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 1.

799

CHAPTER I.

An Acte againste Discontynuauncf of Writtf of Error in the Courte of Exchequer and Kings Benche.

WHEREAS by an Estatute made in the one and thirtieth yere of the Raigne of Kinge Edwarde the Thirde, yt ys enacted, That uppon complaynte concerninge Error made in the Exchequer touchinge the Kinge or other psons, the Lorde Chauncelor and Lorde Treasorer shall doe to come before them in any Chamber of Counsell nighe the Exchequer, the Recorde & Pcesse of the Exchequer, and takinge to them suche Justices and other sage psons as to them shalbe thought meete, shall heare and determyne suche Errors; as by the saide Estatute more at large appeareth; And Whereas those two, beinge great Officers of the Realme, are employed (not onelie in their serall Offices and Places of Justice elswhere) but also for the other waightie Affayres of the Realme in Counsell attendaunte on the Quenes Majesties pson, and otherwise they be many tymes upon suddeyne wamynge called awaye, in suche wise as they bothe many tymes and sometymes neither of them can be p'sent in the Exchequer at the daye of Adjoumement in suche Suyte of Error; and then by not cdminge of them at the daye of Adjournement everie suche Writte of Error dependinge ys by the Lawes of the Realme discontinued, and the partie cannot pceede, but must begynne his Suyte of newe, to the greate losse of the Partie and hindraunce of Justice: For Remedye whereof. Be it ordeyned and enacted by the Authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That the not comynge of the Lorde Chauncelor and Lorde Treasourer, or of either of them, at the daye of Adjournement in any suche Suyte of Error dependinge by vertue of the saide former Estatute shall not be anye discontynuance of anye suche Writt of Error; but yf bothe the Cheif Justices of either Benche, or anye one of the saide great Officers the Lorde Chauncelor or Lorde Treasorer, shall come to the Exchequer Chamber and there be p'sent, at the Daye of Adjoumement in suche Suyte of Error, yt shalbe noe discontynuance, but the Suyte shall pceede in Lawe to all Intentf and Purposes as yf bothe the Lorde Chauncelor and Lorde Treasorer had comen and bene p'sent at the Daye and Place of Adjoumement: Provided alwaies, That noe Judgement shalbe given in suche Suyte or Writt of Error unlesse bothe the Lorde Chauncelor and Lorde Treasorer shalbe p'sent thereat.

And Whereas in the Parliament houlden in the xxvij,h yere of the Raigne of our most graciouse Soveraigne Ladie

the Quenes Majestie, one Acte or Statute was made, intituled An Acte for redresse of erroneouse Judgementf in the Courte comonlie called the Kings Benche; by whiche yt ys amongest other Thinges enacted, That where any

Judgement shall at anye tyme then after be given in the saide Courte of Kings Benche, in anye Suyte or Action

of Debte Detynewe Coven*nte Accompte Accbn upon the Case Ejeccoe Firtne or Trespasse, firste comenced or to be first comenced there, other then suche onelie where the Quenes Majestie shalbe partie, the partie Playntife or Defendaunte, againste whom any suche Judgment shalbe given, maye at his Election sue forth out of the Courte of Chauncerie, a special! Writt of Error to be devised in the saide Courte of Chauncerie, directed to the Chief Justice of the saide Courte of Kings Benche for the tyme being, comaundinge him to cause the saide Recorde, and all Things concemynge the saide Judgement, to be brought before the Justices of the Comon Benche and the Barons of the Exchequer into the Exchequer Chamber, there to be exatnyned by the saide Justices of the Comon Benche and Barons aforesaide; Whiche saide Justices of the Comon Benche and suche Barons of the Exchequer as are of the Degree of the Coyfe, or sixe of them at the least, by vertue of the same Acte, shall thereupon have full power and authoritie to examyne all suche Errors as shall be assigned or founde in or upon anye suche Judgment; And thereupon to reverse or affirme the saide Judgment as the Lawe shall require, other then for Errors to be assigned or founde for or concerninge the Jurisdice&n of the saide Courte of Kinges Benche, or for anye wante of forme in anye Writt Returne Playnt Bill Declarac&n or other Pleadinge Pc esse Verdicte or Pceedinge whatsoever : Forasmuche as it dothe manye tymes fall out that the full nomber of the saide Justicf of the Comon Benche and Barons of the Exchequer soe authorised by the saide Statute, sometymes for wante of health sometymes throughe other waightie services and earnest occasions, cannot be p'sent at the dayes and tymes of ( 1) Retornes and Contynuauncf of the same Writtf of Error; And by reason of their absence and not comynge the sayde Writtf of Error are discontinued, Justice delayed, and the Parties put to begynne newe Suyte, to their great Chardges and pjudice: For Remedye thereof, be it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That from henceforthe, yf the full nomber of the Justices and Barons, authorised by the saide Acte, come not at the daye or tyme of Returne or Contynuance of anye suche Writt of Error, that yt shalbe lawfull for anye three of the saide Justices and Barons, at everie of the saide daies and tymes, to receyve Writtf of Error, to awarde Pcesse thereupon, to make and pfixe daies from tyme to tyme of and for the contynuaunce of all suche Writtf of Error as shalbe there returned certified or dependinge ; and ( * ) the same shalbe to these respects as good and availeable as yf all the Justicf and Barons authorised by the same Acte were p'sent; And that the Justices and Barons authorised by the saide Statute maye after that lawfullye pceede in all those cases, in suche sorte to all intentf, as they maye doe in other cases mencioned in the saide Statute ; anye not comynge of anye the saide Justices or Barons notwithstandinge: Provided nevertheles, That noe Judgement shalbe given in anye suche Suyte or Error, unlesse it be by suche full nomber of the saide Justices and Barons as are in that behalte authorised and appoynted by the saide Acte.

Provided also, and be it nevertheles enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That the Partie Playntief or Defendaunte, againste whom any suche Judgment hathe bene heretofore or hereafter shalbe given in the saide Courte of Kings Benche, maye at his elecc&n sue in the Highe Courte of Parliament for the reversall of anye suche Judgment, as heretofore hathe bene usuall or accustomed; Any Thinge in this Statute or in the saide former Acte to the contrarie thereof notwithstandinge.

Recital of Stat.

31 E III. (tat. 1. c. 1 a. a> 10 Writ* ol Error fr in the Exchequer before Lord Cha .ce'lor and Treasur.-r, &c,

Inconvenience of their Attendance

Absence of Lord Chanrcllor or Treasurer shall not operate as a Disc -ntinuance on Writs of Error;

But no Judgment shall be given unless both are there present.

II.

Recital of Stat.

27 Elia. c. 8. as to Writs of Error out of the King's Bench into the Exchequer-Chamber, before Six Judges;

Three Judges may receive and continue Writs of Error there; but no Judgment shall be given unless Six Judges are present.

III.

Writ of Error direct from K. B. to Parliament.

1 the 0.

■ that 0.

800

31° Eliz. c. 2, 3.

A.D. 1588-9-

Instead of the Four Days, in each Four Terms, required by-St. 4 H. VII. c.24. Fines shall be proclaimed one Dar only in each such Term.

For avoiding Secret Outlawries in personal Actions, Three Proclama-tions shall be made on the Exigents, one in the County Court, one at Quarter Sessions, and one at the Church-Door, kc. One Month before the quinto exaetut.

Outlawries contrary hereto void 1

Fees on Writs of Exigent, See. as by St. 6H.VIII. c.4: and ixd. on Proclamation at Church-Door.

11.

In real Actions Proclamation of Summons on the Land shall be made at the Church Door 1 or else no Grand Cape shall be awarded.

III.

On Reversal of Outlawry, kc. for want of Proclamations, Defendant shall give Bail to appear, kc.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for abridginge Pclamacons upon Fynes to be levied at the Comen La we.

WHEREAS the Statute made in the fourthe yere of Kinge Henry the Seaventh hathe ordeyned, that everie Fyne to be levied withe Proclamaf&ns in the Kings Courte afore his Jusdces of the Comon Plees, shoulde be pelaymed in the same Courte, that Terme in whiche yt is engrossed, and in three Termes then next followinge, at sour se&all dayes in everie Terme; by reason whereof they ought to be pelaymed sour tymes in everie of the lower sev’all Termes; And that duringe the tyme of pelaymynge of suche Fynes all Plees should cease; whiche to doe accordinge to the saide Statute, (consideringe the multitude of Fynes nowe usuallie levied) woulde require sixtene daies in everie Terme, And by reason of the manye Causes and Suytf in that Courte, ys a farr greater Troble then heretofore hathe bene, so as scarclye one daye in everie Terme can be spared for the pelaymynge of Fynes: Be it Inacted by the authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That all Fynes withe Pclamac&ns, from and after the Feaste of Easter next ensuynge to be levied in the saide Courte, shalbe pelaymed onelye sower tymes; that is to saye, once in the Terme wherein it ys engrossed, and once in everie of the three Termes holden next after the same engrossinge; And that everie Fyne pelaymed as aforesaide shalbe of as great force and effecte in Lawe, to all intentf and purposes, as yf the same had bene sixtene tymes pelaymed, accordinge to the Statutf heretofore made.

CHAPTER m.

An Acte for the avoydinge of privie and secrete Outlaries of her Majesties Subjects.

FOR the avoidinge of secret Outlaries in Acc&ns Psonall againste the Quenes Subjects, havinge knowne Places of their Dwellinges, by reason that Pclamacons are made in the Countie Courts and in Quarter Sessions, whiche are Places remote from their Dwellingf, and thereby they have not anye convenient notice of suche Sutes againste them : Be it enacted and ordeyned by the authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That in everie Acc&n Psonall, wherein any Writt of Exigent shalbe awarded out of any Courte, in or after the Terme of Easter next edmynge, one Writt of Pclamac&n shalbe awarded and made out of the same Courte, havinge daye of Teste and Retoume as the saide Writt of Exigent shall have, directed and delivered of Recorde to the Shirief of the Countie where the Defend at the tyme of the Exigent soe awarded shalbe dwellinge, whiche Writt of Pclamac&n shall conteyne the effecte of the same Ac£&n; and that the Shirife of the Countie, unto whom anye suche Writt of Pclamac&n shalbe directed, shall make three Pclamac&ns in this forme followinge, and not otherwise; that ys to saye, one of the same Pclamac&ns in the open Countie Courte, and one other of the same Pclama£&ns to be made at the Gefiall Quarter Sessions of the Peace, in those Parts where the Partie Defendaunte at the tyme of the Exigent awarded shalbe dwellinge, and one other of the same Pclamac&ns to be made one moneth at the leaste before the Quin! exact, by vertue of the saide Writt of of Exigent, at or nere to the most usuall Doore of the Churche or Chappell of that Towne or Parishe where the Defendaunte shalbe dwellinge at the tyme of the saide Exigent soe awarded ; and yf the Defendaunte shalbe dwelling out of any Parishe, then in suche place as aforesaide of the Parishe in the same Countie and nexte adjoyninge to the place of the Defendauntf dwellinge, and upon a Sundaye [mediatlye1 ] after Devine Service and Sermon, yf any Sermon there be, and yf noe Sermon ther be, then forthwithe after Devine Service; And that all Outlaries had and pnounced after the ende of the next Easter Terme, and noe Writt of Pclama£&ns awarded and returned accordinge to the forme of of this Statute, shalbe utterlye voyde and of none effecte; and that the Officer in whose Office suche Writtf of Exigent & Pclamaf&ns shalbe made, shall and maye take suche Fees as by the Statute, made in the Sixt yere of the Raigne of the late Kinge of famous memorie Kinge Henrie the Eight, ys lymited and appoynted in that behalfe, and noe greater fees in any wise; and that the Shirief for makinge of the Pclamac&n at or nere to the Churche or Chappell Doore as ys aforesaide, shall have twelve pence.

And for the avoydinge of secret Somons in Reall Acc&ns without convenient notice of the Ten*ntes of the Freholde, Be yt also ordeyned and enacted by the authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That after everie Somons upon the lande in any Reall Acc&n, fourtene dayes at the least before the daye of the retume thereof, Pclamaf&ns of the S5mons shalbe made on a Sondaye in forme aforesaide, at or nere to the moste usuall Doore of the Churches or Chappell of that Towne or Parishe where the lande whereupon the Somons was made dothe lye; and that Pclamac&n soe made as aforesaide, shalbe returned, togeather with the names of the Somoners; and yf suche Somons shall not be pelaymed & returned accordinge to the tenor and meanynge of this Acte, then noe Graund Cape to be awarded, but alias and plures Somons as the cause shall require, untill a Somons and Pclamaf&n shalbe dulye made and returned accordinge to the tenor and meaninge of this Acte.

And be it further enacted, That before any Allowaunce of any Writt of Error or reversinge of anye Outlarie be had, by Plee or otherwise, throughe or by wante of any Pclamac&n to be had or made accordinge to the forme of this Statute, after thende of Easter Terme next, the Defendaunte and Defendauntf in the orriginall Acc&n shall put in Bayle, not onlye to appeare and answere to the Playntif in the former Suyte, in a newe Acc&n to be comenced by the saide PI for the cause mencioned in the first Acd&n, but also to satisfye the Condemns £&n, yf the Playntif shall begynne his Suyte before thend of two Termes next after the allowinge the Writt of Error or otherwise avoydinge of the saide Outlarie.

1 immediately Printed Copies.


A.D. 1588-9.

.'31° Eliz. c. 4, 5.

801

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte againstc ymbeazilinge of Armor Habylimentf of Warre and Victual).

BE it Inacted by the authorise of this {Psent Parliament, That yf any pson or psons havinge at anye tyme hereafter Embexzling

the chardge or custodye of any Armor Ordyn*nce Munytion Shott Powder or Habillementf of Warr, of the &c."for"^SoldieM°"’

Quenes Majesties her heires or successors, or of any Victualls pvided for the victuallinge of anye Souldiers Gunners *>ft*cnoni

Marryners or Pyoners, shall for anye lucre or gayne, or witdnglye advisedlie and of purpose to hynder or ympeache therewith, her Majesties sen-ice, ymbeasill purloyne or convey awaye any the same Armor Ordyn*nce Munytion Shott or FelonT-Powder, Habillementf of Warr or Victualls, to the value of rwentie shillingf at one or sev'all tymes; that then everie such Offence shalbe judged Fellonye, and the Offendor and Offendors therein, be tryed pceeded on and suffer as in case of Fellonye.

Provided alwayes, and be it Inacted by the authoride aforesaide. That none shalbe ympeached for anye Offence T againste this Statute, unlesse the same ympeachment be psecuted or begonne within the yere next after the Offence Proncution; done; and that this Acte nor any thinge therein conteyned, nor anye Attayndor or Attayndors of anye pson or psons One Yetr! for anye Offence made Fellonye by this Acte, shall in anye wise extende or be adjudged interred or expounded, to make the Offendor or Offendors to forfeyte or losse any Landes Teiites or Hereditamentf, anye longer then onlie of Blood, 4c. duringe his or their lief or lives; or to make anye Corrupc&n of Blood to anye the Heire or Heires of anye suche Offendor or Offendors, or to make the Wyef of anye suche Offendor to loose or forfeyte her Dower or Title of Dower, of or in anye Landes Teiites or Hereditamentf, or her Action or Interest to the same; Any thinge in this Acte conteyned, or anye Attayndor or Attayndors hereafter to be had for anye Offence made fellonye by this Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge : And that suche pson and psons as shalbe ympeached for anye Offence made fellonye by this Statute Accused m«v shall by vertue of this Acte, be receyved and admytted to make anye laufull proofe that he can, by laufull Witnesse or otherwise, for his Dischardge and Defence in that behalfe; Any Lawe to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte conceminge Informers.

FR that divers of the Quenes Majesties Subjects be daylie unjustlie vexed and disquieted by divers comen sutuic* fur Informers upon Penall Statutes, notwithstandinge any former Statute that hathe bene heretofore made regulating againste their Disorders: For Remedye thereof. Be it Inacted by the Authorise of this p*sent Parliament, That all confirmed? former Statutf made for Reforma£bn of Disorders of suche comon Informers, not repealed or altered by this Acte, shalbe put in due Execuc&n: And that noe person other then the partie grieved, after twentie dayes after the ende xnfonnert of this Session of Parliament, shalbe receyved to informe or sue uppon any penall Statute, that before that tyme hathe retrained by Order bene, for any Mysdemeanor by any Order of anye the Quenes Majesties Courts, ordered not to followe or pursue anye ° °urt'

Sute upon any penall Statute.

And be it further Inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That in anye Declaracbn or Informacbn, at anye tyme after IL

twentie dayes after thende of this Session of Parliament to bee hadd brought sued or exhibited, the Offence againste 0'n Penlf'sutu^M anye penall Statute shall not be layde to be doone in anye other Countie but where the Contracte or other Matter alleaged to be Thoffence was in truthe done; And that everie Defendaunte in suche Action or Informacbn shall and Offence w» laufullye maye traverse, and alleage that the Offence, supposed by the same Sute to be comytted, was not comytted in the comnutted-Countie where suche Offence ys alleaged; whiche beinge tried for the Deffendaunte, or yf the Playntife be thereupon nonsute in his Informacbn or Suyte, that then the Playntief shalbe barred in that Action or Informacbn ; Any Lawe or Use to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes. That this Acte nor anye Thinge herein conteyned, shall in anye wise extende to anye suche III.

[Officer1 ] of Recorde as have in respecte of their Offices heretofore laufullye used to exhibite Informations or sue upon Officer"

penall Lawes; but that they and everie of them may informe and pursue in that Behalfe as they might have done before the makinge of this Acte; Any Thinge in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

And pvided also, That this Acte nor anye Thinge therein conteyned shall extende to the layinge or alleaginge of any Offence in any Declaracbn or Informacbn, for or conceminge any Champtie, buyinge of Tides, or Extorlbn, or any Offence edmytted or to be comytted againste the Statute made in the firste yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne, intituled An Acte lymidnge the tymes for laying on Land Merchaundize from beyonde the Seas, and towchinge Customes of Swete Wynes; And one other Acte made in the saide firste yere of her Majesties Raigne, intituled An Acte of a Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage; or any thinge in anye of them conteyned; or for the concealinge or defraudinge the Quenes Majestie her Heires or Successors of any Custome Tonnage Poundage Subsidie Ymposte

IV.

Information* for Champerty, 4c. or under Statute*

I Eliz. ce. II, ao. or for concealing Custom*, 4c.; or for U*ury, or Forcttalline. &c. may be laid in any County.

' Officers 0.

Voi- IV.

9 S

Original from PENN STATE

802

31° Eliz. c. 5, 6.

A.D. 1588-9.

V.

Limitation of Action! on Penal Statntea; Two Yean for the Crown, and One Year for a jm-tam Informer except where a shorter Time is expressly limited.

VI. St.7H.VIII. c. 3. repealed.

Suits as to Games, Bows, and using Trades, shall be brought in the proper County.

or Prisage; or for any matter of corrupte Usurie; or for anye Offence comprised in anye Statute made or to be made againste ingrossinge regratinge or forstallinge, where the Penaltie or Forfeyture shall appeare to be to the value of twentie poundes or above; but that everie suche Offence shall or maye be layed in anye Countie at the pleasure of anye such Informer; Any Thinge in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And be it further Inacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That all Accbns Suytes Billes Inditementf or Informacbns whiche, after twentie daies after the Ende of this Session of Parliament, shalbe had brought sued or exhibited for anye Forfeyture upon anye Statute penall, made or to be made, wherebye the Forfeyture ys or shalbe lymyted to the Quene her Heires or Successors onelye, shalbe had brought sued or exhibited within two yeres next after the Offence comytted or to be comytted againste suche Acte penal), and not after two yeres; And that all Accbns Suytes Billes or Informacbns, whiche after the saide twentie dayes shalbe had brought sued or comenced, for anye Forfeyture upon any penall Statute, made or to bee made, excepte the Statutes of Tillage, the Benefytt and Suyte whereof ys or shalbe by the saide Statute lymitted to the Quene her Heires or Successors and to anye other whiche shall psecute in that behalfe, shalbe had brought sued or comenced, by anye pson that maye lawfullye pursue for the same as aforesaid, within one yere next after the Offence comytted or to be comytted againste the said Statute; and in Defaulte of suche pursuyte, that then the same shalbe had sued exhibited or brought, for the Quenes Majesde her Heires or Successors, at any tyme within two yeres after that yere ended; And yf any Accbn Suyte Bill Inditemente or Informacbn for anye Offence againste anye penall Statute, made or to be made, excepte the Statute of Tillage, shalbe brought after the tyme in that behalfe before lymyted. That then the same shalbe voyed and of no Effect; Anye Acte or Statute made to the contrarie notwithstandinge : Provided alwaies, That where anye Action Informacbn Inditement or other Suyte ys or shalbe lymited, by any Statute penall, to be had sued comenced or brought within shorter tyme then ys afore rehersed, that in everie suche case the Action Informacbn Inditement or other Sute shalbe brought within the tyme lymited by suche Estatute.

And be yt further Inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That one Statute made in the seventh yere of the Raigne of the late Kinge of famouse memorie Kinge Henry the Eight, concernynge the tyme of bringinge Actions or Informacbns upon penall Lawes, shall from and after twentie dayes after the ende of this Session of Parliament, be utterlic repealed : And that all Suytes, front and after the saide twentie daies to be pursued upon anye Statute for usinge any unlawfull Game, or for not usinge of any laufull Game, or for not havinge Bowes and Arrowes accordinge to the Lawe, or for usinge anye Arte or Misterie in the whiche the partie hathe not bene brought upp, accordinge to the Statute in that Behalfe made, shalbe sued and psecuted in the gefiall Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Assises of the same Countie where the Offence shalbe comytted, or otherwise inquired of harde and determyned in the Assises or geSall Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the same Countie where suche Offence shalbe comytted, or in the Leete within whiche it shall happen, and not in anywise out of the same Countie where suche Offence shall happen or be comytted.

Elections of Fellows, Scholars, See. in Colleges, See. made corruptly;

Where Election of Fellow., Officers, Sec. of Colleges, Hospitals, Sec. shall be produced by Bribery, the Election declared void.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte against Abuses in Election of Scoffers and psentafbns to Benefices.

WHEREAS by the intent of the Founders of Colledges, Churches Collegiat, Churches Cathedral!, Scoles Hospitalls Halles and other like Societies within this Realme, and by the Statutf and good Orders of the same, the Eleccbns psentaebns and Noiacbns of Fellowes Schoilers Officers and other Psons to have roome or place in the same, are to be had and made of the fittest & moste meete psons beinge capable of the same Eleccbns psentaebns and Noiacbns, freelye w'Vrot anye Rewarde Guyfte or Thinge given or taken for the same; And for true pformaunce whereof, some Effectors Presentors and Nomynators in the same have or shoulde take a Corporall Oathe to make their ElecCbns psentaebns and Noiacbns accordinglye; Yet notwithstandinge it is sene and founde by experience that the saide Eleccbns Presentacbns and Noiacbns be manye tymes wrought and brought to passe with Monye Guyftf & Rewardf, whereby the fyttest psons to be psented elected or noiated wantinge Money or Friendf are sildome or not at all pferred, contrarie to the good meaninge of the saide Founders, and the saide good Statutf and Ordynauncf of the saide Colledges Churches Scholes Halles Hospitalls & Socyeties, and to the great pjudice of Learning and the Comon Wealthe and Estate of the Realme: For. Remedye whereof, Be it enacted by the Quenes most excellent Majestie the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Cdmons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoride of the same. That yf any Pson or Psons Bodyes Pollidck or Corporate, whiche have Eleccbn psentacon or Noiacbn, or Voyce or Assent in the Choyse Eleccbn psentacbn or Noiacbn, of anye Fellowe Scholler or any other pson, to have roome or place in anye the saide Churches Colledges Scholes Hospitalls Halles or Socieries, shall at anye tyme after Fortye Daies next after the ende of this psent Session of Parliament, have receyve or take anye Monye Fee Rewarde or any other Pfytt, directly or indirectlie, or shall take any Pmyse Agreament Coven*nte Bonde or other Assuraunce, to receyve or have any Monye Fee Rewarde or any other Pfytt, directlye or indirectlye, other to him or themselves or to any other of their or anye of their Freindes, for his or their Voice or Voices Assent or Assentf or Consentf, b eleednge chosbge psendnge or noiadnge anye Officer Fellowe Scholler or other Pson, to have any roome or place in any the saide Churches Colledgf Halles Scholes Hospitalles or Societies, that then and from thenceforthe the Place Roome or Office, whiche suche pson soe offendinge shall then have in anye the saide Churches Colledges Scholles Halles Hospitalls or Societies, shalbe voyde; And that then aswell the Quenes


A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c.(>.

803

Majestie her Heires and Successors, and everie other pson and psons their Heires and Successors, to whom the ffeentafon DonaCon Guyfte ElecCon or Disposicfon shall of right belonge or apperteyne of anye suche of the saide Roomes or Places of the saide pson offendinge as aforesaide, shall or maye at their pleasure elect p'sent noiate place or appoynte any other pson or psons in the Roome Office or Place of suche pson or psons so offendinge, as yf the saide pGon or psons so offendinge then were naturallie deade.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That yf any Fellowe Officer or Scholler of anye the saide pmJty Churches Colledges Scholes Halles Hospitalls or Societies, or other Psons havinge Roome or Place in anye of the Rc,ip*tion same, shall at anye tyme hereafter directly or indirectlie take or receive, or by any waye devise or meanes contract o&ce! &c!*so?’ or agree to have or receyve, any Monye Rewarde or Pfytt whatsoever, for the levinge or resignyng upp of the same jjSS'the Amount his Roome or Place for any other to be placed in the same, That then everie pson soe takinge or contractinge or on the Resigner, agreinge to take or have any thinge for the same, shall forfeyte and loose double the some of Money or value of the thinge so receyved and taken or agreed to be receyved or taken ; And everie pson, by whom or for whom anye Monye Guyfte or Rewarde as aforesaide shalbe given or agreed to be payde, shalbe uncapeable of that Place or Roome for that tyme or tume, and shall not be nor had nor taken to be a laufull Fellowe Scholler or Officer of any the Churches Colledgf Halles Hospitalls Scholles or Societies, or to have suche Roome or Place there; but that they to whom it shall apperteyne, at any tyme thereafter, shall and maye elect chose p'sent and noiate any other pson, fitt to be elected p>sented or noiated, into the saide Roome or Felloweshippe, as yf the saide pson, by or for whome anye suche Money Gufte or Rewarde shalbe given or agreed to be payde, were dead or had resigned and leafte the same.

And for more syncere Eleccon Choyce p'sentaCon and Noiafon of Fellowes Schollers Officers and other n,j, Act^hall he Psons to have Roome or Place hereafter in anye of the saide Churches Colledges Halles Scholles Hospitalls and at cvy, other like Societies; Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That at the tyme of everie suche Elecdon Fi-lWs, see. p'sentafon or Noiacfin hereafter to be had, aswell this p'sent Acte, as Thorders and Statutf of the same Places Penilty> concernynge suche Eleccon p'sentafon or Noiadon to be had, shall then and there be publiklye read, upon payne that everie pson in whom Defaulte thereof shalbe, shall forfeyte and loose the some of Fortye Poundes; All whiche Recovery of Forfeytures shall and maye be had & recovered in any her Majesties Courts of Recorde by any Pson or Psons I,e,u,t,c,•

Bodies Pollitique and Corporate that will sue for the same by Bill Playnt or Accfon of Debte, in whiche noe Essoyne Section or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed; Thone Moytie whereof shalbe to him or them that will sue for the same, thother Moytie to the use of the saide Churche Colledge Hall Hospitall Schole or Societie where suche Offence shalbe edmytted.

And for the avoydinge of Symony & CorrupSon, in p>sentacons Collacions and Donacons of and to Benefices Dignyties Prebendf and other Livingf and Pmocions Edciasticall, and in Admissions Institutions and Inductions to

the same; Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That yf any Pson or Psons Bodyes Polliticke or

Corporate shall or doe, at anye tyme after the ende of Fortie Dayes next after the ende of this Session of Parliament, for anye some of Money Rewarde Guyfte Pfytt or Benefytt, directlie or indirectlie, or for or by reason of any Pmyse Agreement Graunte Bonds Coven*nte or other Assurauncf of or for any some of Money Rewarde Guyfte Pfitt or Benefytt whatsoever, directly or indirectlie, p'sent or collate any pson to anye Benefice withe Cure of Soules,

Dignytie Prebend or Eyvinge Ecctiasticall, or give or bestowe the same for or in respecte of any suche corrupte cause or consideration, that then everie suche p'sentation Collation Guifte and bestowinge, and everie Admyssion Institution Investure and Induction thereupon, shalbe utterlie voyde frustrate and of none Effecte in Lawe:

And that it shall and maye be laufull to and for the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successors to p'sent collate unto or give or bestowe everie suche Benefice Dignitie pbend and Lyvinge Ecctiasticall for that one tyme or tume onlye: And that all and every Pson or Psons Bodye Pollitick and Corporate, that from

thenceforthe shall give or take anye suche some of Money Rewarde Guyfte or Benefitt, directlye or indirectlye, or

that shall take or make anye suche Pmysse Graunte Bonde Coven*nte or other Assuraunce, shall forfeite and loose the double value of one yeres Pfitt of everie suche Benefice Dignitie Prebend and Livinge Eccliasticall; and the pson, soe corruptlye takinge peuringe seekinge or accepting any suche Benefice Dignitie p>bende or Lyvinge, shall thereupon and from thenceforth be adjudged a disabled pson in Lawe to have or enjoye the same Benefice Dignide Prebend or Lyvinge Eccliasticall.

And be yt further enacted, That yf anye pson shall at anye tyme after sortie dayes next after thende of this Session of Parliament, for any some of Money Rewarde Guyfte Pffitt or Comoditye whatsoever, directly or indirectly, other then for usuall and laufull fees, or for or by reason of any Pmyse Agreement Graunte Coven"nte Bonde or other Assuraunce of or for any some of Monye Rewarde Guifte Pfitt or Benefitt whatsoever, directlye or indirectly, admytt institute install inducte investe or place any pson, in or to any Benefice withe cure of Soules, Dignitie p>bend or other Living Ecctiasticall, that then everie suche pson soe offendinge shall forfeyte and loose the dooble value of one yeres pfytt of everie suche Benefice Dignitie pbend and Living Ecctiasticall; And that therupon, ymediatlie from and after the Investinge Installation or Induction thereof had, the same Benefice Dignitie Prebend and Living Ecctiasticall shalbe eftsones merely voyd; And that the Patron, or Pson to whom the Advouson Gifte p'sentation or Collation shall by Lawe apperteyne, shall & maye by vertue of this Acte p'sent or collate unto, give and dispose of, the same Benefice Dignitie Prebend or Livinge Ecctiasticall, in suche sorte to all intentf and purposes as yf the partie, so admytted instituted installed invested inducted or placed, had bene or were naturallye deade.

IV.

Simoniacjl Presentations to Benefices, &c. declared void

Presentation shall devolve to the Crown

Penalty of Double the yearly Value on the Giver and Taker ; and the Giver incapacitated to hold the Benefice.

V.

Penalty on corruptly instituting, kc. to Benefices, kc. Double the yearly Value; Institution void, and Patron, ice. may present.

804

31° Eliz. c. 6, 7

A.D. 1588-9.

VI.

No Title by Lapse, withoutSixMonthi’ Notice to Patron. VJI.

Penalty on corrupt Resignation of Benefices ; Double the Sum given, by Giver and Taker:

Application of Penalties.

VIII. Penalties under Spiritual Laws shall remain in force.

IX.

Penalty on corrupt Ordination, &c. of Ministers;

On the Receiver, *£40 ; and on the Minister, £10, and 7 Years, Incapacity to hold any Bcnehce.

Provided alwaies, That noe Title to conferre or p*sent by laps, shall accrewe uppon anye voydaunce mencioned in this Acte, but after Sixe monethes next after notice given of such voydance by the Ordinarie to the Patron.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That yf any Incumbent of any Benefice withe Cure of Soules, after thende of the saide sortie daies, doe or shall corruptlie resigne or exchange the same, or corruptlye take for or in respecte of the resignynge or exchanginge of the same, directlie or indirectlie, any Penc&n some of Money or Benefitt whatsoever, that then as well the Giver as the Taker of any suche Pencbn some of Money or other Benefitt corruptlie, shall loose double the value of the s5me soe given taken or had; thone moytie, aswell thereof as of the Forfeyture of double value of one yeres pfytt before mencioned, to be to the Quenes Majestie her heires and successors, and thother moytie to him or them that will sue for the same by AcPon of Debte Bill or InformaPon, in any of her Majesties Courts of Recorde, in whiche noe Essoyne PtecPon or Wager of Lawe or phriledge shalbe admytted or allowed.

Provided alwaies. That this Acte or any Thinge herein conteyned, shall not in anye wise extende to take awayc or restrayne any Punyshment Payne or Penaltie lymitted p*scribed or instituted by the Lawes Eccliasticall for any the Offences before in this Acte mencioned, but that the same shall remayne in force, and may be putt in due execucon as it might be before the makinge of this Acte; This Acte or any thinge therein conteyned to the contrarye thereof in anye wise notwithstandinge.

(') Provided further and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That yf any pson or psons whatsoever shall or doe, at anye tyme after thende of this Session of Parliament, receyve or take anye Money Fee Rewarde or anye other pfytt, directlye or indirectlye, or shall take anye Pmyse Agreament Coven*nte Bonde or other Assuraunce, to receive or have any Money Fee Rewarde or any other pfytt, directly or indirectly, either to him or themselves or to anye other of their or any of their freindes, all ordinary and laufull fees onlye excepted, for or to procure the ordeyninge or makinge of any Minister or Ministers, or gyvinge of any Orders or Licence or Licences to pache, That then ev’ye pson and psons so offendinge shall for evye suche Offence forfeyt and loose the some of Fortie Poundes of laufull Money of England, and the partie soe corruptlie ordeyned or made Minister or taking Orders, shall forfeyt and loose the s5me of Tenne Poundes: And if, at anye tyme within seaven yeres next after such corrupte entringe into the Minystery or receyvinge of Orders, he shall accepte or take any Benefice Livinge or Pmocion Eccliasticall, That then imediatlye from and after the Induction Investing or InstallaPon thereof or there into had, the same Benefice Lyvinge and Pmocion Eccliasticall shalbe eftsones merelye voyde; and that the Patron, or Pson to whom the Advouson Guyfte jpsentacftn or Collacion shall by Lawe apperteyne, shall and may by virtue of this Acte p>sent or collate unto, gyve and dispose of, the same Benefice Lyvinge or Pmocion Eccliasticall, in suche sorte to all intentf and purposes as yf the partie so inducted invested or intsalled had bene or were naturallye dead; Any Lawe Ordynaunce Qualificac&n or Dispensation to the contrarie notwithstandinge; Thone moytie of all whiche forfeytures shalbe to our Soveraigne Ladye the Quene her heires and successors, and the other moytie to him or them that will sue for the same by AcPon of Debte Bill Playnte or Informacon, in any of her Majesties Courts of Recorde, in whiche noe Essoyne ■PtecPon Priviledge or Wager of Lawe shalbe admytted or allowed.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte againste erectinge and mayntayninge of Cottages.

Penalty on building. &c. Cottage, without laving four Acre* of Land thereto, £10.

FOR the avoydinge of the great Inconveniericf whiche are founde by experience to growe by the erectinge and buyldinge of great nombers and multitude of Cotagf, wcl" are daylie more and more increased in manye parts of this Realme: Be it enacted by the Quenes most excellent Majestie, and the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Cdmons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same, That after thend of this Session of Parliament, noe pson shall within this Realme of Englande make buylde or erect, or cause to be m:.Je buylded or erected, any manner of Cottage for habitation or dwelling, nor convert or ordeyne anye Buyldinge or Howsinge made or hereafter to be made to be used as a Cottage for habitaPon or dwellinge, unlesse the same pson doe assigne and laye to the same Cottage or Buyldinge sower acres of Grownde at the least, to be accompted accordinge to the Statute or Ordeyn'nce De trris mensurandis, beinge his or her owne Freehold and lnheritaunce henge nere to the saide Cottage, to be contynuallie occupied & manured therewith so longe as the same Cottage shalbe inhabited; upon payne that everie suche Offendor shall forfeyte, to our Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes Majestie her heires and successors, Tenne poundes of laufull Money of England for epy suche Offence.

II.

Penalty for upholding any •uch Cottage, 40a. per Month.

And be it further Inacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That everie pson whiche after the end of this Session of Parliament, shall willinglie uphould maynteyne and contynue anye suche Cottage, hereafter to be erected converted or ordeyned for HabitaPon or Dwellinge, whereunto sower Acres of Grounde as ys aforesaide shall not be assigned and layde, to be used and occupyed with the same, shall forfeyte, to our saide Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Majestie her heires and successors, sortie shillingf for everie moneth that anye suche Cottage shalbe by him or them upholden mayneteyned and contynued.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a sepraate Schedule.

Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 7, 8.

805

And be it further enacted by the Authorise aforesaide. That all Justicf of [Assise1] and Justices of Peace in their Open Sessions, and everie Lorde, within the pcincte of his Leete, and none others, shall have full Power and Authoritie within their se^all Lymittf and Jurisdictions, to enquire of heare and determyne all Offences contr.irie to this psent Acte, aswell by Inditement as otherwise by psentment or Information, and to awarde Ex ecu ton for the levienge of the sePall Forfeytures aforesaide, by Fieri Fad Elegit Capias or otherwise as the Cause shall require.

Provided alwayes. That this Statute or any Thinge therin conteyned, shall not in any wise be extended to any Cottage whiche shalbe ordeyned or erected to or for habitation or dwellinge in anye Cittie Towne Corporate or auncyent Borough or Markett Towne within this Realme, nor to any Cottages or Buyldinges whiche shalbe erected ordeyned or converted to and for the necessarie and convenient habitacttn or dwellinge of any Worckmen or Laborers in any Mynerall Workes Cole Mynes Quarries or Delfes of Stone or Slate, or in or aboute the makinge of Bricke Tyle Lyme or Coles within this Realme; so as the same Cottagf or Buyldingf be not above One Myle distaunte from the place of the same Minerall or other Works, and shalbe used onelie for the habitation and dwellinge of the saide Workmen; nor shall in anye sorte pjudice charge or ympeache any pson or psons for the erecunge maynteyninge or contynuynge of any suche Cotagf as are before in this Pvisoe mentioned and specified.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte shall not extend to any Cotage to be made within a Myle of the Sea, or upon the syde of suche parte of any Navigable River where the Admyrall ought to have Jurisdiction, so longe as noe other pson shall therein enhabite but a Saylor, or Man of manuall Occupation, to or for makinge furnyshinge or victualinge of any Shippe or Vessell used to serve on the Sea; nor to any Cottage to be made in any Forest Chase Warren or Parke, so longe as noe other pson shall therein enhabite, but an Underkeeper or Warrener for the good keepinge of the Dere or other Game of Warren; nor to anye Cottage heretofore made, so longe as noe other pson shall therein enhabite but a comon Herdman or Shepparde for keepinge the Cattle or Sheepe of the Towne, or a poore lame sicke aged or ympotent pson; nor to anye Cottage to be made whiche, for anye just respecte uppon Complaynt to the Justice of Assize at the Assises, or to the Justices of Peace at the Quarter Sessions, shall by their Order entered in Open Assises or Quarter Sessions, be decreed to contynue for habitacbn, for and duringe soe longe tyme onelye as by suche Decree shalbe tollerated and lymited.

(*) Provided also and bee it enacted, That from and after the Feast of All Saints next comynge, there shall not be any Inmate or more Famylies or Housholdf then one, dwellinge or inhabitinge in anye one Cottage made or to be made or erected; upon payne that everie Owner or Occupier of anye suche Cottage, placinge or willinglye sufferinge any suche Inmate or other Famylie then one, shall forfeyt and loose to the Lorde of the Leete within whiche suche Cottage shalbe, the some of Tenne Shilling? of laufull Money of Englande for everie Moneth that anye suche Inmate or other Famylie then one shall dwell or inhabite in any one Cottage as aforesaide; And that all and ev*ye Lorde and Lordes of Leete and Leetf and their Steward?, within the pcyncte of his and their Leete and Leetf, shall have full Power and Authoritie within their se^all Leetes, to enquire and to take psentment by the Othe of Jurors of all and everie Offence and Offences in this Behalfe, & upon suche psentment had or made to levye by Distresse to the use of the Lorde of the Leete all suche somes of Money as so shalbe forfeyted; And moreover that it shalbe laufull for the Lorde of everie suche Leete where suche psentment shalbe made, to recover to his owne use any suche Forfeyture, by Action of Debte in any of the Quenes Majesties Courts of Record, wherein noe Essoyne Pteccon or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed.

III.

Justices of Aisiut and Peace may determine OBeucet.

IV.

Proriio for Cottages in Cit'<s i. d Towns, and for Workmen in Minei, Quarries, See.

V.

Proviso for Cottagea near the Sea Coast);

Cottages for Keepers in Forest);

for Shepherds or poor Persons, or allowed by Justices of Assise, &c.

VI.

Penalty on allowing more Families than one meach Cottage, tot. per Month to the Lord of the Leet.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte for the true gawginge of Vesselles brought from beyonde the Seas, converted by Brewers for the Utteraunce and Sale of Ale and Beare.

WHEARE Beere and Ale are nowe verie comonlie uttered soulde and put to Sale by the Beerebruers and Foreign Vessels, Alebrewers, aswell within the Cittie of London as elsewhere within the Realme of England, in Butt? Pypes ^ * *^halISbe Puncheons Hoggesheds Tierces and suche other Vessells brought from beyonde the Seas, whiche were never laufullie gauged in London gawged for that purpose within this Realme, to the greate Losse aswell of the Quenes Highnes as of her Subjects; Company*!*1*" Be it therefore Inacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That noe Brewer shall, after thend of fortye dayes next after the ende of this Session of this psent Parliament, sell utter or put to Sale any Beere or Ale in anye suche Vessell or Vessells, withint he Cittie of London or Suburbes of the same, or in any other place or places within Two Myles compasse without the same Suburbes, before the same shalbe laufullie gawged, and the true Content of everie suche Vessell sett downe upon the same, by the Gallon appoynted and allowed for Beere and Ale accordinge to that Standerd, by the Maisters and Wardeyns of the Arte or Mysterie of Freemen of the Cowpers of the Cittie of

1 AssisS 0.

* This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule; and in the Old Printed Copies is Section III.


9 T

806

31° Eliz. c. 8.

A.D. 1588-9.

Elsewhere by Gaugers under 23 H. VIII. c.4.

Penalty;

Loss of the Vessel, Ale, and lot. per Barrel;

Fees on gauging.

II.

Act extended to all Brewers; Vessels may be retained for Payment of Fees.

III. Gaugers shall attend at Houses of Brewers; Penalty, aos.

London or their Deputie or Deputies; nor shall, after the tyme before lymited, sell utter or put to Sale any Beere or Ale in anye suche Vessell or Vessells, in any other place or places w^in the Realme of Englande and Wales, before the same shalbe laufullie gawged and the true Content of everie suche Vessell sett downe upon the same, by the Gallon aforesaid according to the Standerd, by suche as by the Statute in that behalfe made in the xx'd]"1 yere of the Reigne of the late Kinge of famouse Memorie Kinge Henry the Eight, are to have the gawginge of Barrells Kilderkynes and Fyrkynes made for Beere or Ale to be putt in, (’) suche other place and places within the Realme of Englande and Wales; uppon payne to forfeyt all and everie suche Vessell and Vessells wherein anye Beere or Ale shalbe uttered sould or putt to Sale contrarie to the true meanynge hereof, and also all the Beere or Ale whiche shalbe at the tyme of suche utteringe sellinge or putting to Sale therein conteyned, to him or them that will seise the same, and upon payne also to forfeyte for everie suche Vessell wherein Beare or Ale shalbe so uttered sould or put to Sale, Tenne Shillinges; Thone moytie of whiche Forfeytures shalbe to the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successors, and thother moytie to him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Debte Bill Playnte Informacon or otherwise, wherein noe Essoyne Ptection Wager of Lawe or Injunction shalbe admytted or allowed for the Defendaunte: And that there shalbe taken for the gawginge of everie suche Vessell, within the Cittie of London and Suburbes of the same, and in all and everie place and places within Two Myles compasse without the same Suburbes. by the Maister and Wardynes of the Arte or Misterie of Freemen of the Cowpers of the Cittie of London, for everie Butt one pennye, for e^y Pype one pennye, for epy Puncheon One Halfe Pennye, for ev*y Hoggeshedd, one halfe pennye, for ePy Tierce one halfe pennye, and for everie other Vessell whiche shall at any tyme after the tyme before exp'ssed be brought into this Realme from any the parts beyonde the Seas, wherin Beere or Ale shalbe uttered soulde or put to Sale within the saide Cittie or Suburbes, or any other place or places within Two Myles compasse without the same Suburbes, after like Rates and noe more; And that there shalbe taken for the gawginge of everie suche Vessell or Vessells in all and everie other place and places within the Realme of Englande and Wales, by suche pson and psons as by the saide Statute made in the said xxiij,h yere of the Raigne of Kinge Henrie Theight are appoynted for gawginge thereof, after suche like Rates as are herein before appoynted to be taken for gawginge within the Cittie of London and Suburbes of the same, and in other places within Two Myles compasse without the same Suburbes.

And it is further Inacted by the Authorise aforesaide, That this Acte shall extende to all and ev’ye pson and psons whiche shall use or occupie the Mysterie of Brewinge, aswell Englishe borne as Straungersj And that it shalbe laufull to all and everie pson and psons wcl> shall have Authorise by vertue of this Acte to gawge anye Vessell or Vessells by this Acte ment or intended to be gawged, to reteyne everie Vessell whiche shalbe gawged accordinge to the true meanyng of this Acte, untill the Money whiche shalbe due for the gawginge thereof shalbe trulye sadsfyed and payde.

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That the Master and Wardeyns of Cowpers aforesaide, or their sufficient Deputye or Deputyes, within the space of eight and fowertie howers next after anye reasonable Request to them or anye of them made, shall come to anye Brewer or Brewers House or other place in the saide Cittie of London or Suburbes thereof, or Two Myles Distaunce of the same, whereas their Caskes shalbe, and there with all reasonable Expedic&n shall gawge and marke the same Caskes and everie of them ; upon payne for everie defaulte to forfeyte and loose to the partie by or for whome suche Requeste as aforesaide shalbe made, the some of Twentie Shillingf of laufull Money of Englande, to be had and recovered by the saide partie against the Corporacon of Cowpers aforesaide, by Action of Debte in any of her Majesties Courts of Recorde at Westmynster or els where; in whiche Action noe Essoyne Ptection or Wager of Lawe shalbe admytted or allowed.

IV

Beer may be Provided also, That yf any Scottishe man, or any Straunger, shall bringe from Scotlande or from beyonde

exported^in foreign (*) Seas to the saide Brewers or any of them, any manner of forreyne Caske, and shall requyre to have Beere put g*ugt into the same, and will transporte the same Beere from hence, either into Scotlande or over the Seas, there to bee

druncke, That then in everie suche case it shall and maye be laufull to and for the saide Brewers or anye of them, to fill all suche Caskes witlie Beere, at suche Rate and Reckonynge as he and his Merchaunte can agree, without havinge the saide Caskes or anye of them gawged or marked as ys aforesaide, and without incurringe any Penaltye therfore ; This Acte or any thinge therein conteyned to the contrarie thereof in anye wyse notwithstandinge. Continuance of Act. q'hjg Acte to contynue to the ende of the next Session of the next Parliament.

1 in O.

‘the O.


A.D. 1bSS-9.

31° Eliz. c. 9.

807

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for Writtes upon Pclama&ns and Exigentf to be currant within the Countye Pallantyne of Durham.

'TX7HERE the Bisshoppricke of Durham ys, and of long tyme haihe byne, an auncient Countie Palantyne of itselfe, v v in whiche Bisshoppricke the Quenes Writt hath not, nor yet dothe rune; so that the Writt of Pclamac&n awarded upon anye Exigend againste anye pson or psons inhabiting within the same Countie, in anye Acc&n wherein Pcesse of Outlarie dothe lye, accordinge to the Statute made in the Sixte yere of the Raigne of the late Kinge Henrye the Eight, cannot be directed to any Shirieff or other Officer within the saide Bisshoppricke, but unto the Shiriffe of the Countie next adjoyninge unto the saide Bisshoppricke ; so that the partie dwellinge within the saide Bisshopprick, againste whome any suche Exigend and Pclamac&n hathe byn or shalbe awarded, hath not had nor hereafter can have any knowledge of the same Suyte or Pcesse; by reason whereof manye psons, inhabitinge within the saide Bisshoppricke, without knowledge have bene outlawed, and hereafter are like to be outlawed in like manner, to their utter undoingf, yf some speedye Remedye be not the soner pvided: Be it therfore, and for d$se other good Considersc&ns, enacted ordeyned and established by the authoritie of this pfeent Parliament, That whensoever any Writt of Exigend, at anye tyme after the firste daye of Aprill next comynge, shalbe awarded at the suyte of our Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes Majestie her heires or successors Kinges or Quenes of this Realme, or at the suyte or suytf of any (1) pson or psons Playndf or Playntifff in any Acf&n or Suyte, in any of the Courts of our saide Soveraigne Ladye her heires or successors, Kinges and Quenes of this Realme, comonlie called the Kings Benche and the C5mon Place, againste anye peon or peons dwellinge within the saide Bisshopprick, that then ymediatlie upon the awardinge of epye suche Exigend, the Justice or Justices, before whom anye suche Writt of Exigend upon suche Suyte or Acc&n shalbe sued, shall have full power and authoride by vertue of this Acte to awarde one Writt of Pclamac&n, accordinge to the tenor and effecte of Writtf of Pclamac&n awarded upon Exigendf, and comonlie directed out of any of the saide Courts into London, or into any other Shires of this Realme, againste anye pson or psons dwellinge in other Shire or Shires of this Realme where the Quenes Writ doth rune, accordinge to the order and forme of the saide Acte made in the Sixt yere of the Raigne of the saide late Kinge, to be directed to the Bisshopp of Durham for the tyme beinge, and during the vacac&n of the Bisshoppricke, then to the Chauncelor of the saide Bisshoppricke or Countye Palantyne for the tyme beinge, where it shall happen the saide Defendaunte againste whome anye suche Acc&n shalbe sued as is aforesaide to be dwellinge, and not to the Shrieff of anye other Shire next adjoyninge to the saide Bisshoppricke or Countye Palentyne; (any Lawe Custome or Usage heretofore used to the contrarie notwithstandinge); And that e9ye suche Writt of Pclamac&n, so to be hereafter awarded to suche Bisshopp or Chauncelor, of the saide Bisshoppricke or Countie Palentyne, shall have the same Teste and day of Returne as the Exigendes whereupon everie suche Writt of Pdamac&n shalbe awarded shall have: And that e^ye suche Bisshopp or Chauncelor to whome any of the saide Writt or Writtf of Pclamac&n shalbe directed, shall by his or their Mandat directed to the Sherieff of the saide Countie Palantyne, cause Pclamac&n to be made of the same Writtf of Pclamac&n accordinge to the tenor of the same, and shall make true Retornes of the same, in suche Courte and Courts, and before suche Justices, as the tenor of the same Writt & Writtf of Pclamaf&n shall require and demaunde: And that all Outlaries hereafter to be pmulged or ^nounced against any pson or psons, upon anye suche Exigent or Exigentf awarded againste anye pson or psons dwellinge within the saide Bisshoppricke or Countie Palantine, and no Writtf of Pdamac&n awarded in forme aforesaide to the Bisshopp or Chauncelor aforesaide where the Partie Defendaunte shalbe as is aforesaide dwellinge, or not returned as aforesaide, to be clerelie voyde and of none effecte nor force in the Lawe.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That everie Bisshopp of the saide Bisshoppricke for the tyme beinge, and duringe the vacac&n of the saide Bisshoppricke the Chauncelor of the saide Countie Palentyne for the tyme beinge, shall have in everie of the saide Courts of the Kings Benche and Comon Plees, one sufficient Deputie at the least to receave all suche Writtf of Pc lam aeons whiche shalbe hereafter directed, to everie suche Bisshopp or Chauncelor of the saide Bisshoppricke or Countie Palentyne for whom the same Deputie or Deputies shalbe appoynted, in like manner and forme and upon like paynes as by the former Statutes and Lawes of this Realme the Shiriefff of other Shires or Counties within this Realme of Englande, be bounde to have in either of the same Courts; and that all suche Writtf of Pclamaf&n as aforesaide shalbe delivered unto everie suche Deputie or Deputies of Recorde in the same Courts, and either of them; and also like Fees shalbe paide for makinge of ePy suche Writt of Pclamac&n, and for enrollinge the same of Recorde, as is lymited in the same Statute made in the Sixt yere of the saide Kinge Henrie the Eight.

And be it further Inacted and established by the authoritie aforesaide, That yf any suche Writt or Writtf of Pdamac&n, hereafter to be directed to any Bisshopp or Chauncelor of the saide Bisshoppricke or Countie Palentyne, be deliv'ed unto anye of the saide Bisshopps for the tyme beinge, or duringe the vacac&n of the saide Bisshoppricke to the Chauncelor of the saide Countie Palentyne for the tyme beinge, or to his or their Deputie or Deputies, in manner and forme aforesaide, and the same Bisshoppe for the tyme beinge, or duringe the vacacon of the saide Bisshoppricke the saide Chauncelor of the saide Countie Palentyne for the tyme beinge, doe not make true returne of everie suche Writt or Writtf of Pclamacon to them directed, into suche Courte and Courts out of whiche the saide Writt or Writtf of Pclamac&n shalbe awarded; that for everie suche defaulte of non Returne, everie suche Bisshopp for the tyme beinge, and duringe the vacac&n of the saide Sea the saide Chauncelor for the tyme beinge, so fayling to make due Returne, shall loose and forfeyte Fyve poundes, thone halfe whereof shalbe to the Quene her heires and

other 0.

Writ! of Proclamation on Exigend do not run into Durham, in Proceai of Outlawry under St. 6 H.VIII. c.4.

On Exigend in any Action in K. B. or C. P. against Persons residing in Durham, Writ of Proclamation to the Bishop of Durham, See. shall be awarded, as into London, See. under 6 H.VU1. c.4.

And Proclamations be made thereon

by the Sheriif on Mandate of the Bishop.

All Outlawries to the contrary, declared void.

II.

Bishop, Sec. shall appoint Deputies in K. B. and C.P. to receive such Writs of Proclamation:

Fees thereon, as by St. 6 H.VIII. c.4.

III.

Penalty on Bishop, he. neglecting to return such Writs of Proclamation, j£j.

808

31° Eliz. c.9, 10.

A.D. 1588-9.

Successors, and the other halfe thereof to any suche pson or psons as will sue for the same, in an Accbn of Debte to be grounded upon this Acte, in any of the Quenes Courts of Recorde, wherin noe Essoyne Pteccbn or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed or admytted.

IV.

Saving of all other Libertiea of the Bishop.

V.

Writs of Capias Utlagatum, &c. shall dc directed to the Bishop, See.

VI. Only one Fee on Writ of Proclamation, Mandate, and Execution.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned, shall not in anye wise extende or be p'judidall to anye Bisshopp of the saide Bisshoppricke of Durham, for or conceminge suche Libties Franchesies or Privileges as belonge to the same Bisshopps Bisshoppricke or Sea, or to any Ministers or Officers of the same Bisshoppricke or Countie Palentyne, otherwise or in any other manner then by the true meaninge of this Acte is before pvided or declared ; Any Thinge in this Acte mencioned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided also, That yf any pson or p6ons, dwellinge within the saide Bisshoppricke or Countie Palentyne, after the foresaide first daye of April!, shalbe outlawed in anye suche Suyte or Accbn as is aforesaide, That then all Writtf of speciall Capias utlagatum, single Capias Utlagaf, non molestandum, and all other Pcesse for or againste anye pson or psons so outlawed, shall and maye from henceforthe be directed from tyme to tyme to the Bisshopp of the saide Bisshoppricke and Countie Pallatyne for the tyme beinge, and duringe the Vacacbn of the saide Sea to the Chauncelor there for the tyme beinge, who shall make like Writtf and Pcesse thereupon and of like Effecte sealed with the Seale of their saide Offices, to be directed to the Shirieff of the saide Countie Palentyne for the tyme beinge, as heretofore hathe byne used and accustomed in suche cases.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaide, That upon any Writt of Pclamacbn to be awarded by vertue of this Acte, and the Mandat thereupon to be made to the Shirieff, and the Execucbn thereof, there shalbe but one onelie Fee taken receyved or demaunded for the same, by the saide Bisshopp Chauncelor and Shirieffe of the saide Countie Palentyne for the tyme beinge.

Recital of Stats, at H.Vlil. c. ia. Cablet and Ropes;

24 H.VIII. c. 9. killing Weanlingt;

3 «c 4 E.VI. c. 19. Rother Beasts;

c. 21. Butter, See.

1 Eliz. c. 17. Fry of Fish;

5 Eliz. c. a. Tillage;

c. 7. Importation of foreign Waret j

8 Eliz. c. 10. Bowycrt;

13 Eliz.

c. 20. Leases of Benefices

c.21. Purveyance;

c. 8. Usury;

14 Eliz. c. 11. continuing and amending Act;

14 Eliz. c. 5. Relief of Poor;

18 Eliz. c.3. Employment of the Poor;

CHAPTER X.

An Act for the contynuance and pfeednge of div’se Statutf.

WHEARE in the firste Session of Parliament begune in the Citde of London the thirde daye of November in the one and twentithe yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde of famouse Memorie Kinge Henrie the Eight, and from thence adjomed and progued to the Pallace of Westni, an Acte or Statute was made» entituled An Acte for the true makinge of Cables Halsers and Ropes: And where in the Parliament houlden upon Progacbn at Westni the fourth daye of Februarie in the xxiiij,l‘ yere of the Raigne of the saide Kinge, one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte againste killinge of younge Beastf called Weanelingf: And where in the Session of Parliament ended at Westni the firste daye of Februarie in the fourth yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, one Acte was made concemynge the buyenge and sellinge of Rother Beastf and Cattail; And also one other Acte was then and there likewise made, intituled An Acte for the buyenge and sellinge of Butter and Cheese : And where also in the Parliament begune at Westni the three and twentith daye of Januarie in the firste yere of the Raigne of the Quenes Majestie that nowe ys, and there contynued by Progacbn untill the Disolucbn thereof, an Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for the p*servacbn of Spawne and Frye of Fyshe: And where alsoe in the first Session of Parliament houlden at Westni the twelveth daye of Januarie in the fiveth yere of her Highnes Raigne, one Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for Mayneteytrace and Increase of Tillage ; And one other Acte was then and there likewise made, intituled An Acte for the avoydinge of div’se forreyne Wares made by Handycraftf men beyonde the Seas: And where also in the laste Session of the Parliament houlden by Progacbn at Westni, the laste daye of September in the eight yere of her Majesties Raigne, one Acte was then and there made, entituled An Acte for Bowiers and the prices of Bowes: And where also in the Parliament begone and houlden at Westni in the seconde daye of Aprill in the thinenth yere of her Majesties Raigne, there was one Acte and Statute made for the avoydinge of some Leases in certen Cases to be made of Ecctiasticall Pmoebns with Cure, entituled An Acte touchinge Leases of Benefices and other Ecctiasticall Livingf withe Cure; And where also there was one other Acte and Statute, made in the saide Parliament begonne and houlden at Westni the saide seconde daye of Aprill in the saide thirtenth yere, entituled An Acte that Purveyors maye take Grayne Come or Victualls within five Myles of Cambridge and Oxeforde in certen Cases; And also one other Acte was then and there made, entituled An Acte againste Usurie: And where in the Parliament houlden at Westni the Eight Daye of Maie in the fourtenth yere of her Highnes Raigne, there was one other Acte made, entituled An Acte for the contynuacbn explanation pfectinge and inlardginge of div’se Statutf; In whiche Statute are conteyned divers Braunches Clauses and Pvisions touchinge & conceminge the explanation pfectinge and inlardginge of divers of the Statutf before mencioned : And where also in the first Session of the Parliament begonne and houlden at Westni the Eight Daye of Maye in the fourtenth yere of the Quenes Highnes Raigne that nowe ys, and from thence contynued by Progacbn till the Disolucbn thereof, there was one other Acte made, entituled An Acte for the punyshment of Vagabondf and for the Releif of the Poore and Ympotent: And where in the Parliament holden at Westili aforesaide in the eightenth yere of her Majesties Raigne, there was one other Acte made, entituled An Acte for the settinge of the Poore on worke, and for the avoydinge of Ydlenes: And where in the Parliament houlden at


A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 10,11

809

Westni the xxiiju‘ daye of November in the xxvij* yere of her Majesties Raigne, one other Acte was made for the revivinge contynuance explanac&n and pfectinge of div’se Statutf, in whiche are conteyned d$se Braunches -Pvisions and Clauses touchinge and concerninge certen Addicons and Alterac&ns unto and of diPse of the saide former recited Statutf and other newe Pvisions: And where in the saide Parliament houlden at Westm the xxiij* daye of November in the xxvij*h yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne that nowe ys, there was an Acte made for the Ievyenge of Yssues lost by Jurors: And whereas also in the Parliament houlden at Westm the xxiij,h daye of November in the xxvij"1 yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne that nowe ys, there was one other Acte made, entituled An Acte for the good Govemement of the Cittie or Boroughe of Westm : Forasmuche as the Braunches Clauses and -Pvisions conteyned and specified in the saide Two Acts of Contynuance made in the fourtenth and xxvij* Yere of her Majesties Raigne, in Addi£6n Al?a£6n Explanac&n Pfectinge and Inlarginge of divers of the saide Statutf and other Statutf, and all the Residue of the saide recited Acts, doe seeme good and beneficiall to the Weale and Pfitt of this Realtne; Be it Inacted, That the saide Braunches Clauses and Pvisions of the saide Two Acts of Contynuance, and all the Residue of the saide recited Statutf and Acts and everie of them, and all and everie Article Clause and Sentence in them and everie of them conteyned, shalbe contynued and endure in full Force and Effecte untill thende of the nexte Parliament next ensuynge.

And where also in the first Session of Parliament houlden at Westni the xijth daye of Januarie in the saide fifte yere of her Majesties Raigne, one Acte was then and there made, entituled An Acte touchinge certen Pollitique Constituc&ns made for the maynten*nce of the Navie; Be it further Inacted by the Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That so muche onelie of the last menc&ned Acte as at this fPsent staundeth in Force, and not heretofore at anye tyme repealed, shall contynue and endure in full Force and Effecte unto thende of the next Parliament next ensuynge.

(' ) Where in the Parliament nowe last paste holden at Westm, an Acte was then made, intituled An Acte for the Contynuance and Pfectinge of divers Statutf; in the whiche Acte one Pviso ys conteyned in these Wordes followinge, viz. Provided alwaies, That whereas div'se her Majesties lovinge Subjects dwellinge in the remote parts of this Realme are many tymes maliciously trobled upon [ Informac&n *] and Suytf exhibited in the Courts of Kings Benche Comen Plees and Exchequer, uppon Penall Statutf, and are drawne upp uppon Pees out of the Countries where theyd well, and dryven to attende and put in Bayle, to their great [ Trebles1 ] and Undoingf : For Reformac&n whereof. Be it enacted, That yf any pson or psons shalbe sued or informed againste uppon any Penall Lawe, in any the [saide4] Courts of Kings Benche and Coen Plees or Exchequer, where suche pson or psons are baylable by Lawe, or where by the [ Lawe5 ] or Favor of the Courte suche pson or psons maye appeare by Attorney, That in all and epye suche case, the pson or psons so to be impleaded or sued shoulde it myght at the Daye and Tyme conteyned in the first Pees served for his Appearaunce, appeare by Attorney of the same Courte where the Pees is returnable, to answere and defende the same, & not be urged to psonall Apparance, or to putt in Bayle for the answeringe of suche Suyte; Any former Lawe Custome or Usage to the contrarie notwithstandinge. Be it nowe enacted by the Authoritie of this fPsent Parliament, That the same Braunche of the said Acte shall extende, and shalbe in?pW expounded and understode to extende, onelye to the naturall Subjects borne or to be borne within the Diiions of the Quenes Majestie her Heires & Successors, and to psons made free Denizons, and to noe others; Any Thinge therin conteyned to the contrarie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for Explanac&n or Declarac&n of the Statute of Octavo Regis Henrici Sexti, concerninge forcible Entries it the Indictmentf therupon to be founde.

WHEREAS there is one good Acte made and established in the eight yere of the Raigne of Kinge Henrie the Sixt, againste suche psons as shoulde make forcible Entrie into Landes Tefites and other Possessions, or them shoulde forciblie houlde; And one verie good Pviso or Clause in the saide Acte conteyned, as insueth : Provided alwaies, That they whiche keepe their Possessions withe Force in any Landes 8c Teiitf, whereof they or their Ancestors have contynewed their Possession in the same by Three Yeres or more, be not indamaged by force of the saide Statute: And Whereas divers of the Quenes Majesties good and lovinge Subjects and their Auncestors, or those whose Estate they have, for manye yeres together, above the space of Three Yeres or more, have bene in quyete Possession of their Dwellinge Houses and other their Landes and Possessions; And nowe of late diPse of her Majesties saide Subjects havinge Entries made upon their Possessions, havinge had such quiett and longe Possession, for disturbingc of suche Entrors, and for keepinge of their Possession againste suche Enterers, by [cooler6] of Indictmentf of forcible Entrie or forcible kepinge Possession founde againste them by meanes of the Othes of suche Entrors, have bene removed and put out of their Dwellinge Houses and other their Possessions, whiche they have quyetlie held by the space of Three yeres together or longer tyme, next before suche Indictmentf founde againste them; againste the true

1 This Clause is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. • colour Printed Copies.

* Informations 5 Treble * severall 5 leave


Stat. 29 Eliz.

27 Eliz. e. 11. continuing Act,&c.

17 Eliz. c.7.

Issue* of Jurors;

27 Eliz. c.gl. Westminster

Recited Acts, as amended, continued to End of next Parliament.

II.

e Eliz. c. f. Nary, continued, so far as in force.

111.

St.29 Eliz. c.5.(4. as to Defendant* in Suits on penal Statutes, shall extend only to Subjects and Denizens.

For confirming Proviso in 8 H. VI. c.9.

No Restitution shall be made on Indictment for forcible Entry, against Parties having been Three years in Possession; which Fact may be alleged in Stay of Restitution, on Penalty of Costa on Failure of Proof.

810

31° Eliz. c. 11,12.

A.D. 1588-9.

For preventing Horte Stealing;

Sellers of Horses in Fairs, &c. shall be known to the Toll-taker, See. or to some other credible Person, and their Names, &c. entered in a Book there, with the Price of the Horse, &c.

Note of the Sale to be given to the Buyer by the Toll-taker, &c.

Penalty on all Parties for Neglect jCj, and the Sale declared void.

meanyng and intent of the saide 4’viso or Clause conteyned in the saide Acte: For Remedie of whiche Inconvenience and for true Declarac&n and Explanacftn of the Lawe therein, Be it ordeyned declared and inacted by thauthoritie of this pWit Parliament, That no Restitucbn upon any Indictment of forcible Entrie, or houldinge withe Force, be

made to anye pson or psons, yf the pson or psons so indicted hathe had the Occupa£6n, or hathe bene in quyett

Possession, by the space of Three whole Yeres together, next before the daye of suche Indictment so founde, and his

her or their Estate or Estates therein not ended nor determyned; whiche the Partie indicted shall and maye

alleage for staye of Restituc&n, and Restituc&n to staye untill that be tried, yf the other will denye or traverse the same; And if the same Allegation be tried againste the same pson or psons so indicted, then the same pson or psons so indicted to paye suche Costs and Damagf to the other partie, as shalbe assessed by the Judgf or Justicf before whome the same shalbe tried, the same Costs and Damagf to be recovered and levyed as is usuall for Costs and Damagf conteyned in Judgmentf upon other Actions.

CHAPTER Xn.

An Acte to avoyde Horse stealinge.

XX7"HERAS through most Counties of this Realme Horstealinge is growen so comon, as neither in Pastures or v T Closes nor hardlie in Stables the same are to be in safety from stealinge, whiche ensueth by the redye buyinge of the same, by Horscorsers and others in some open Fayres or Markettf farr distant from the Owner, and withe suche speede as the Owner cannot by pursuyte possiblie helpe the same; And sondrie good Ordinauncf have heretofore bene made touchinge the manner of sellinge and tolinge of Horses Mares Gildingf and Coultf in Fayres and Markettf, whiche have not wrought soe good effecte for the repressinge or avoydinge of Horsestealinge as was expected: Nowe, for a further Remedy in that Behalfe, Be it enacted by the Authoritie of this pfeent Parliament, That noe pson after Twende Dayes next after thende of this Session of Parliament, shall in any Fayre or Markett sell gyve exchange or put awaye anye Horse Mare Geldinge Coulte or Fillie, unlesse the Tole taker there, or (where noe Tole ys payde) the Booke keeper Baylif or Cheef Officer of the same Fayre or Markett, shall and will take upon him pfecte knowledge of the pson that soe shall sell or offer to sell give or exchange any Horse Mare Geldinge Coulte or Fillie, and of his true Xpen Name Surname and place of Dwellinge or Resyancye, and shall enter all the same his knowledge into a Booke there kept for Sale of Horses ; or els that he soe sellinge or offeringe to sell give exchange or put awaye anye Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie, shall bringe unto the Toltaker or other Officer aforesaide of the same Fayre or Markett, one sufficient and credible peon that can shall or will tesdfye and declare unto and before suche Toltaker Booke keeper or other Officer, that he knowethe the partie that soe sellethe givethe exchaungeth or puttethe awaye suche Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie, and his true Name Surname Mysterie and Dwellinge Place; And there enter or cause to be entered in the Booke of the saide Toltaker or Officer aswell the true Xpen Name and Surname Mysterie and Place of Dwellinge or Resyancye, of him that soe selleth giveth exchangeth or putteth awaye suche Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie, as of him that so shall tesdfye or avouche his kowledge of the same pson, and shall also cause to be entred the verie true price or value that he shall have for the same Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie so soulde; And that noe pson shall take upon him to avouche tesdfye or declare that he knoweth the Partie, that so shall offer to sell give exchange or put awaye any suche Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie, unlesse he doe indeede trulie knowe the same Partie, and shall trulie declare to the Toltaker or other Officer aforesaide aswell the Xpen Name Surname Mysterie and Place of Dwellinge and Resiancy of himselfe, as of him of and for whome he makethe suche Testimonye and Avouchement; And that noe Toltaker or other pson kepinge anye Booke of Entrie of Sales of Horses in Fayres or Markettf, shall take or receve any Tole, or make Entrie of any Sale Gifte Exchange or putdnge awaye of any Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie, unlesse he knoweth the Partie that soe selleth giveth exchangeth or putteth awaye any suche Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie, and his true Xpen Name Surname Misterie and Place of his Dwellinge or Resiancye, or the Partie that shall and will testifye and avouche his knowledge of the same pson so sellinge givinge exchanginge or putdnge away suche Horse Mare Gildinge Coult or Fillie, and his true Xpen Name Surname Mysterie and Place of Dwellinge or Resiancy, and shall make a pfecte Entrie into the saide Booke of suche his knowledge of the pson, and of the Name Surname Mysterie and Place of the Dwellinge or Resiancy of the same p6on, and also the true price or value that shalbe bona fide taken or had for anye suche Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie, so soulde given exchaunged or put awaye so farr as he canne understande the same ; and then give to the Partie, so buyinge or takinge by Guyfte Exchaunge or otherwise suche Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie, requiringe and payinge Two Pence for the same, a true and pfecte Note in Writinge of all the full Contents of the same subscribed withe his Hande: on payne that everie pson that soe shall sell give exchange or put awaye anye Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie, without beinge knowen to the Tol taker or other Officer aforesaide, or without bringinge suche a Voucher or Witnes, causinge the same to be entred as aforesaide, and everie pson makinge anye untrue Testymonye or Avouchement in the Behalfe aforesaide, and everie Tol taker Booke keeper or other Officer of Fayre or Markett aforesaide, offendinge in the * (Pmisses contrarie to the true meanynge aforesaide, shall forfeyte for everie suche Defaulte the some of Fyve Pounds; but also that everie Sale Guyfte Exchange or other putdnge awaye of any Horse Mare Gildinge Coulte or Fillie, in Fayre or Market not used in all poyntf accordinge to the true meaninge aforesaide, shalbe voyde; Thone halfe of all whiche Forfeytures to be to the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successors, and thother halfe to him or them that will sue for the same before the Justicf of Peace, or in anye her Majesties ordinarie Courts of Recorde by Bill Playnte Acc&n of Debte or Informac&n, in whiche noe Essoyne or £tecc&n shalbe allowed.

CjCk gie

A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. C. 12, 13.

811

And be it further enacted, That the Justicf of Peace of everie Place and Countie, aswell within Liberties II.

as without, shall have Authorise in their Sessions, within the Lymittf of their Authoritie and Comission, to enquire here and determyne all Offences againste this Statute, as they maye doe any other Matter triable °ffences-before them.

And be it further Inacted, That if anye Horse Mare Geldinge Coulte or Fillie, after Twentie Dayes next ensuynge owner c%or|e

thende of this Session of Parliament, shalbe stolen, and after shalbe soulde in open Fayre or Markett, and the same »tolen, told in

Sale shalbe used in all Poyntf and Circumstauncf as aforesaide, that yet nevertheles the Sale of any suche Horse F^guhtujns'oT Mare Geldinge Coulte or Fillie, within Sixe Monethes next after the Fellonye done, shall not take awaye the Ppertie tl,i‘ Act> m*y of the Owner from whom the same was stolen, so as clayme be made within Sixe Monethes, by the Partie from paybg the*Price°n whom the same was stolen, or by his Executors or Admynistrators, or by any other by anye of their Appoyntment, Ti^within

at or in the Towne or Parishe' where the same Horse Mare Gelding Coulte or Fillie shalbe founde, before the Maior sit Months, on or other Hedd Officer of the same Towne or Pishe, yf the same Horse Mare Geldinge Coulte or Fillie shall happen to One

be founde in any Towne Corporate or Markett Towne, or else before any Justice of Peace of that Countie nere to the Place where suche Horse Mare Geldinge Coulte or Fillie shalbe founde, yf it be out of Towne Corporat or Markett Towne, and so as proofe be made within Fortye dayes then nexte ensuynge, by twoe sufficient Witnesses to be pduced and deposed before suche Head Officer or Justice, who by virtue of this Acte shall have Authoritie to mynister an Othe in that Behalfe, that the Ppertie of the same Horse Mare Geldinge Coulte or Fillie so claymed was in the Partie by or for whome suche Clayme ys made, and was stollen from him within Sixe Monethes next before suche Clayme of any suche Horse Geldinge Mare Coulte or Fillie; but that the Partie, from whom the saide Horse Mare Geldinge Coulte or Fillie was stolen, his Executors or Admynystrators, shall and maye at all Tymes after, notwithstandinge any suche Sale or Sales in anye Fayre or open Markett thereof made, have Ppertie and Power to have take agayne and enjoye the saide Horse Mare Geldinge Coulte or Fillie, upon payment, or readynes or

offer to paye, to the Partie that shall have the Possession and Interest of the same Horse Mare Geldinge Coulte

or Fillie, yf he will receyve and accepte it, so muche Money as the same Partie shall depose and swere before suche Head Officer or Justice of Peace, whoe by vertue of this Acte shall have Authoritie to mynister and gyve an Othe in that behaulfe, that he paide for the same bona fide, without Fraude or Collusion j Any Lawe Statute or other Thinge to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That after Twentie daies after thende of this Session of Parliament, not onelie all Accessaries before such Fellonye done, but also all Accessaries after suche Fellonye, shalbe deprived and put from all Benefytt of their Cleargie, as the Principall by Statute heretofore made is or ought to be.

IV.

All Accessaries to Horse Stealing deprived of Clergy.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for the revivinge and enlarginge of a Statute made in the xxuj,h yere of her Majesties Raigne, for

repayringe of Doverr Haven.

"TXTHERE in the Parliament holden at Westffi in the xxiijlh yere of the Raigne of our moste gracious Soveraigne *3 Elil- <=• <5-V V Ladye Quene Elizabeth, there was amongest others an Acte made, that for divers and sondrie good Considerac&ns Dow Haven, therein mencioned, a certeyne Payment or Contribucbn shoulde be levied for the better fiirtheraunce and fynishinge of the Harboure of Dover; towards whiche Worke it pleased her Majestie of her Highnes Bountie to bestowe Seven Yeara. liballye, and many her Majesties $ch*untf accordinge to that Acte have contributed willinglie large somes of Money, whiche have bene duelye defrayed, to suche good purpose and proofe, as the Officers and others of her Highnes Royall Navie, chasinge the Enemye upon that Coaste in Somer laste, can thereof beare sufficient Testimonye, and as to the Eye of everie Beholder is apparaunt; And for soe muche as this notwithstandinge there wanteth yet great somes for fynishinge of the saide Works soe well begonne, as also for the contynuall Maynten*nce of the same, beinge a place (by Scituafftn in so narrowe a Straight) greatlie subject to a most violent Currant of Tyde ; And for that d$se and sondrie great peecf of worke be there yet needfully to be pformed, the doinge whereof is necessarilye required for saftye of all the reste: Be it therefore enacted by Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That the saide Statute, and all and everie the Branches Clauses and Articles therein conteyned, shalbe revived and have contynuaunce from fortye dayes after the ende of this Session of Parliament unto the ende of seaven yeres then next and ymediatlye followinge.

And be it also enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That everie Custumer and Officer shall, by vertue of this Statute, Customers shall be be in all thinges answerable and chargeable for the wilfull Defaulte or Negligence of his Deputie Assignieor Substitute, Neglec^of their as farr for the as by the saide former Statute he was or ought to have bene charged for his owne wilfull defaulte, for Deputies, under or touching any thinge conteyned in the saide former Statute. recited Act.

Original from PENN STATE

812

31° Eliz. c. 14.

.4. D. 15 88-9.

Grant of Subridiet by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury:

Tenor of the said Grant:

Motive! for the Grant s

Two Subtidiei

rnted, each of in the Pound, on all Spiritual Promotion!, ai valued to the King'! Tenth under St. *6H.VIII. c.3.

CHAPTER XIV. (■)

An Acte for the Confirmation of the Subsidies of the Cleargie.

WHERE the p>lattf and Cleargie of the Province of Cantorburie, have for certeyne Considerations, lovinglie and liballie gyven and graunted to the Queenes moste excellent Ma1*, Two Subsidies of Syxe Shilling^ of the pownde, to bee taken and levied of all and singuler there Proraocions Spuall wthin the same Province, at suche dayes and tymes and in suche certeyne manner and fourme, and w" suche Exceptions and Provisions, as bee specified and conteyned in a certeyne Instrument by them thereof made and delyvered to the Queenes Highenes under the Seale of the moste Reverend Father in God John nowe Archebisshopp of Canto'burie and Primate of all England, w* Instrument ys nowe exhibited in this psent Pliament to bee ratified and confirmed: The Teno' whereof ensueth in these Wordes

Illustrissime et Serenissime in Christo Principi, et Due nre Clementissime, Domine Elizabethe Dei gra Angt FraunC et Hibemie Regine Fidei Defensori, &c. Jobes Divina Providentia Cantuariensis Archiepus, tocius Angt Primas et Metropolitanus, omnimodam obedienciam et subjectionem, ac felicitatem et satfm, in eo p quern Reges regnant et Principes dominantur : Vestre serenissime Regie sublimitati per psens publicum Instrumentum, sive has tras nras testimoniales, significamus et notum facimus, qd p>lati et Clerus nre Cantuariensis Provincie in sacra Sinodo Provindali sive convocac6e, Vigore et aucthoritate brevis Regii vestri in ea parte nobis directi, in domo capitulari Ecctie vestre Cathedralis divi Pawli London, quinto die mensis Februarii Anno Dni juxta computatiSem Ecclesie Anglicane millesimo quingentesimo octogesimo octavo, jam currente, ex continuac&e inchoata et celebrata, ac de die in diem et loco in locum usq, ad et in ultimum diem Februarii ante meridiem eciam continual et prorogata, in Ecctia Collegiata divi Petri Westni, ac postea eodem die post meridiem in mauerio de Lambeth legitime congregata pro quibusdam magnis arduis et urgentibj causis p nos eis propositis, ac inter eos matura deliberative ponderatis, pro defensione regnorum et dominiorum vestrorum, necnon et pro eorum erga vestram Regiam sublimitatem officio, duo ultranea ac spontanea et voluntaria Subsidia, vre Regie munificencie unanimi eorum consensu et assensu dederunt et concesserunt, prout tenore psentis publici Instrumenti (seriem concessionis hujusmodi in se continentis) plenius liquet et apparet; Humiliter et obnixe vestre Regie Ma" supplicantes quatenus hec eorum Subsidia pro vestra solita Clemencia benigne accipiatis, ac bene consulere gratiose dignemini: Tenor vero dicte concessionis de verbo in verbum sequitur, et est talis.

The Prelates and Cleargie of the Province of Cantorburie, beinge lawfullie congregated and assembled togeather in a Convocation or Synode, consideringe their bownden Dueties to yo' Ma"*, their most naturall and graciouse Soveraigne Ladie, and having in Remembraunce the manifolde and ample Benefittf w*" they daylie receyve not onclie by yo' moste graciouse and godlie Governement, wherebie theye bee conserved in Peace and Quietnes, and so more able to serve God and intende to their Office and Vocacbn; but also, and that moste cheifelie, by the settinge for the and advauncinge of Godes moste hollie Worde and his sincere and trewe Religeon in this yo' Realme, and abollishingc of all Forraine Power contrarie to the same : Consideringe also the greate and ymportable Chardges that yor Ma"' hathe latelie susteyned aswell in the necessarie provision of all kindes of Municion for the better fortifienge both by Sea and Land of yo' Highenes Domynions, and w'^standinge of Forraine Invasion, as also in the provident and needful pVenc&n of suche intended Attemptes as manifestlie tended not onelie to the disturbaunce of our Peace, but even to the utter Overthrowe of the psent happie Estate of this yo' Highnes Realme, to the miserable ruine of dyvers other Contries associate and nere adjoyninge, and to the extirpation and rootinge out of the sincere Pfession of the Ghospell of Christe bothe here and elswhere: And finallie wayenge the malice of the adversaries of Godes trewth, (swome Enemies to yo' Ma'* and to the Prosperitie of this Realme), dothe daylie encrease (as by manye and notorius Attemptf have latelie appeared, especiallie by the rare and wonderfull pparac&n of the Spanishe forces readie to have invaded this Realme the last yeare), whereby moste daungerouse and blodie Events were like to have ensued, unlesse by the speciall Goodnes of Almightie God and by yor Ma"" provident Care (as by a principall means) they had byne pvented; whose malice yet contynuinge and encreased w"1 remembraunce of their former evell successe, dothe at this p'sent and ys like hereafter to put yor Highenes to verie greate and inestimable Expenses: In Consideration of the pmisses, and for a trewe declaration of their bownden Dueties good Hartes and Myndes towardes yo' Ma1*, w'k one unifourme Agreement Accorde and Consent together, wu‘ moste hartie good will have gyven and graunted, and by these psentf doe give and graunte to yo' Highenes yo' Heires and Successo", Two whole and entier Subsidies in manner and forme following^; That ys to saye; That everie Archebisshopp Bisshopp Deane Archedeacon Provost Master of Colledge Prebendarie Parson Vicar and everie other p6on and psons of whatsoev1 name or degree he or theye bee w^in the Province of Cantorburie, enjoyenge any Spuall Promotion or other Temporall Possession to the same Spuall Promotion annexed, nowe not derided or sepated by Acte of Parliament or otherwise from the possession of the Cleargie, shall paye to yo' Highenes yo' Heires and Successors, for everie Pownde that hee maye yearelie dispende by reason of the said Spuall Promotion, the somme of Sixe Shilling? for eache of the said two Subsidies; And for the trewe and certeyne valewe of all the Promotions and everie of them, whereof the payment of this Subsidie shalbe made, the Rate Taxation Valuation and Estimac&n nowe remayninge of Recorde in yo' Ma'f Courte of

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 14.

813

Exchequer for the payment of a perpetuall Disme or Tenthe graunted unto yo' Mau" moste noble Father, in the «ixe and twentith yeare of his Raigne, concerninge suche Promoc&ns as nowe bee in the Possession of the Cleargie, shall onelie bee followed and observed, w^out makinge any Valuac&n Rate Taxadon or Estimation other then in the said Recorde ys comprised: Provided always, That forasmuche as the tenthe pte of the said Rate and Valuation before menc&ed, ys yearelie paide to yo' Highenes for the said ppetuall Disme, so as there remayneth onelie nyne parts yearelie to the Incumbent clere j These two Subsidies of Six Shillingf the pownde shalbee understanded and ment onelie of everie full pownde of the said nyne parts and of no more: Provided alwayes, That no Parson that hereafter shalbe promoted to any Benefice or Spuall Promoc&n, and shall compownde w"‘ yo' Ma"* yo' Heires and Successo’1 for the Firste Fruitf of the same, after the secounde daye of October wch shalbee in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred sour skore and tenne, and one thisside the secounde daye of October w"* shalbee in the yeare of o' Lord One thowsand fyve hundreth fowrescore and sixteene, shalbee contributorie or chardged for the same Benefice or Promotion to yo' Highenes yo' Heires or Successo", w* any parte of these Subsidies, duringe the first yeare after the tyme of any suche compoundinge for his Firste Fruitf: And yo' p*lats and Cleargie do also graunte, that these two Subsidies of Sixe Shillingf the full pownde of the nyne ptes of the yearelie valewe of everie Spuall Pmo£on aforesaid w^in the said Province taxed as is aforesaid, shall w,l> all Expedic&n after the laste payment of one Subsidie heretofore graunted to yo' Highenes by yo' said p>lattf and Cleargie in the nyne and twendth yeare of yo' Ma"" Raigne, bee paid to yo' Ma,te yo' Heires and Successo11 in manner and fourme followinge; That ys to saye. Two Shillingf of everie full pownde aforesaid yearelie undll the same bee paid ; The firste payment of the former of these two Subsidies to bee due at the secounde daye of October wcb shalbee in the yeare of our Lord One thowsand fyve hundreth fowreskore and eleven ; And the secounde payment of the same to bee due at the secounde daye of October wd> shalbee in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand fyve hundreth fowreskore and twelve ; And the thirdc payment of the same to bee due at the secounde daye of October in the yeare of our Lord One thowsand fyve hundreth fowreskore and thirteene ; And also the firste payment of the latter of these two Subsidies, ( 1 ) to bee due at the secounde daye of October, w'" shalbee in the yeare of o' Lord One thowsand fyve hundreth fowreskore and sixtene, to bee delyvered and paid yearelie by suche pson and psons as in this p>sent Graunte shalbee appoineted to have the Collecc&n thereof, to the Lord Highe Treasourer or Under Treasourer of England for the tyme beinge, or to suche p6on or psons and in suche place or places as shall please yo' Highenes to appointe to bee paid at or before the two and twentith daye of Januarie in everie of the said Sixe yeares, wu,out payenge any thinge to the Receaver, or to any other Officer or psons to bee assigned for the Receipte thereof, for any Acquitaunce or other Dischardge, upon any such Payment or Receypte of the said Subsidies or any pte thereof to bee gyven and delyvered, but onelie Fowre Pence, and that to the Clarcke for writinge the same Acquitauncf or Dischardge for everie of the same paymentf : Item, Yo' Highenes said p>lattf and Cleargie also doe graunte, that everie Preste and all other Ecdesiasticall psons, havinge any Penc&n payable by yo' Ma"' yo' Heires and Successo" by reason of the dissoluc&n of the late Monasteries Colledgf Free Chappelles Chaunteries Fraternities Guildes and Hospitalles, or of any other Spuall Dignitie or Corporac&n nowe dissolved w'in the said Province of Cantorburie, shall likewise paye to yo' Highenes yo' Heires and Successo's, Sixe Shillingf of everie pownde of the said Penc&ns w,hin the said first three yeares, and Sixe Shillingf of everie pownde of the said Penc&ns w'hin the said latter three yeares, at suche dayes and tymes as are before specified ; And y* for sure payment thereof, deducc&n and detenc&n of the same shalbee made yearelie in the Hands of the payers of the said Penc&ns, after the Rate and Porc&n of two Shillingf the pownde everie of the said sixe yeares, to bee accompted for and aunswered to yo' Ma'f Use by yo' Highenes Receyvo" and Officers deputed for the payin' of suche Penc&ns, in their several Accomptf w"'in the wd', Allowaunce shalbee gyven them for their payment of everie suche Penc&ns lyable to the severall paymentf of the said two Subsidies: Item, Your said p>lattf and Cleargie doe graunte, that everie Preiste or Minister Stipendarie receyvinge an annuall Stypende beinge no ppetuitie of Eight powndes or above, w^in the said Province, shall paye unto the use of yo' Highenes yo' Heires and Successo's Sixe Shillingf and eight pence in everie of the said Sixe yeares, at suche tyme and to suche psons as the said Subsidies shalbee payed; and for defaulte of the payment of the said Stipendaries, that everie Pson Vicar or other Spuall or Temporall p6on Proprietarie or Farmo', hieringe any Preist or Minister to serve in any Place, shalbee aunswerable and chardged for and w* the payment of the said Sixe shillingf eight pence, for the said Preiste or Minister, everie of the said Sixe yeares, and shall and maye make retenf&n of his and their Wages quarterlie, of so muche as the said Stipendaries bee chardged w,h by this psent Graunte, everie of the saide Sixe yeares: Item, Yo' said plattf and Cleargie doe graunte, that everie Archebisshopp, Bisshop, and (the Sea beinge void) everie Deane and Chapter of that Sea voide, shalbee Collecto" of these Subsidies w,hin their proper Dioces duringe the said Sixe yeares, other then of the Pensionaries aforesaid ; and that the said Archbisshopp Bisshopp, or (the Sea beinge voide,) the Deane and Chapter, shall certifie into yo' Ma'f Courte of Exchequer, under their Seales, the Names and Surnames of all suche Stipendarie Preistf and Ministers w"‘in their Dioces, as bee chardgeable by this Acte, at or before the said two and twentithe daye of Januarie yearelie duringe the saide Sixe yeares: And those Stipendarie Preistf and Ministers onelie shalbee reputed and taken to bee chardgeable by this Acte wrt shall bee in suche sorte certified, unlesse w,hin Three Yeares next after suche Certificate exhibited yt shalbee justlie proved that some are omitted that ought therein to have byne certified; And in this case, suche and so manye other Stipendarie Preistf and Ministers shalbe likewise accompted chardgeable by this Acte as wu,in the said Three Yeares shalbee so fownde to have byne omitted: And yo' said plattf and Cleargie doe moste humblie beseche yo' Ma,K that it maye be inacted by yo' Ma"* and yo' Highe Courte of Parliament for the spedie payment of the saide Subsidie, and to avoyde delayes thereof, that when and as often as any Collecto' or Collecto" chardgeable w"1 the Collecc&n of theise

1 There is an Omission here in the Act of the Times of Payment in 1594 and 1595.

but payable on Nine-Tenths only;

and not on the First Year after Promotion and compounding for First Fruits:

Each of the said Subsidies payable (after the last ray ment of the .Subsidy granted 19th Elia.) in Three Years,

It. each Year. Times of Payment.

Clerk's Fee on Acquittance to Collectors

Like Subsidy on Pensions to Priests, «cc.

6s. 8d. per Ann. on Stipendiary Priests, at £8. and abore.

Bishops, kc. shall be Collectors;

and shall certify Names of

Stipendiary Priests;

Payments shall be received from Collectors when tendered by them;


814

31° Eliz. c. 14.

15 88-9.

and Accounts be taken by Auditors, &c. Penalty agio.

Collectors shall hare the same Powers as for levying the Tenths, &c.

Allowance for Collection, 6d. in the Pound.

Incumbent of any Benefice, on Demand of Subsidy from him, and Certificate by the Bishop into the Exchequer of Non-payment, shall forfeit such Benefice j

form of such Certificate s

Subsidies or of any pte of them, or the Deputie or Deputies of any of them shall offer the payment of them or of any pte of them, to the use of yor Ma,lc yor Heires or Successor, to any p6on or psons appointed to receyve the same by yo' Highenes or by the said Lord Highe Treasowrer, that the said pson or psons so appoineted shall w'^in Fowre dayes nexte after suche Appointemente, receyve or cawse to bee receyved the Money so offered to be paied w""out any further delaye, and delyver one sufficient Bill testifienge the receipte thereof to the said Collecto' or his Deputie upon everie suche pticuler payment: And that everie suche Audito' as ys or shalbee appoineted to take or receyve the Accompte of any suche Collecto' or Collecto", shall w,hin Sixe dayes next after Request to him to bee made, trewlie and indifferentlie take the said Accompte and make Allowaunce as by this Graunte ys appoineted; upon payne that everie suche pson and psons appoineted to receyve the same summe or summes of Money so offered, and everie suche Awditor shall lose and forfeyte for everie defaulte or delaye to bee made to the Collecto' or Collecto" so offeringe to make Payment or Accompte as ys aforesaid, the somme of Tenne Powndf of lawful! Money of England; The one moytie thereof to bee to yor MaUe yo' Heires and Successo", and the other moytie to the said Collecto' or Collecto" so greived, the same to bee paied upon complaynte to bee made to the said Lord Treasowrer Under Tftrer or to the Lord Cheife Baron of yo' Ma'f Courte of Exchequer; who upon suche complainte shall psentlie examine the matter, and fyndinge defaulte shall comitte the Offendo' to Warde, there to remayne untill he shall have paied the said severall sommes so forfeyted : And for better levienge and recoveringe of these Subsidies, yo' plattf and Clcargie doe likewise moste humblie beseche yo' Ma‘* that yt maye bee enacted by yo' Ma,lc and yo' said said Highe Courte of Parliament in manner and fourme, (that ys to saye,) That everie Collecto' of the said Subsidies of every pte and pcell of them, and their lawfull Deputie or Deputies maye have full power and aucthoritie to use all suche Wayes and Meanes and Processe as bee p*scribed in the Acte of perpetuall Disme for the Collecc&n and and levienge thereof; and maye make Accompte of the same before the Lorde Highe Treasowrer or Under Treasowrer of England for the tyme beinge, or any other Officer by yor Highenes or yo' Courte of Exchequer to bee appoineted for the same, and in suche place as yo' Ma,ie shall likewise assigne, in suche wise and after suche forme onelie as the said Archebisshopp and Bisshopps bee nowe chardged to make Accomptf for the said perpetuall Dismes or Tenth; wherebye is ment that the lacke and defaulte of payment of and for any Spuall Promoc&n or Premoc&ns, shall onelie chardge suche Incumbent or Incumbentf, and suche others as bee bownde to paye the same; And that the Archebisshopp Bisshopp and Deane and Chapiter gatheringe that wci‘ they can receyve, and inakinge payment thereof, shall for the rest, not by them receaved, bee dischardged by their Certificate to bee made at or before the two and twentith daye of Januarie in everie of the saide sixe yeares unto yo' Highenes Courte of Exchequer: And that sixe pence of everie pownde wherew"1 the Collecto' shalbee chardged in his Accompte, clerelie to bee paid into the Receipte of yo' Ma"" Exchequer, or into suche other place as shall please vo' Highenes to appointe, shalbee allowed to the said Collecto' upon his Accompte for the same, in everie of the saide sixe yeares, for the Chardges of the said Collecc&n Portage salfe conveyinge and payenge of the said

Subsidies: And moreover that it maye bee enacted likewise, that after any payment of the said Subsidies shalbee

once due by vertue of this Graunte in anye of the said sixe yeares, yf any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promoc&n Spuall chardged to the Payment of either of the said Subsidies, beinge at any tyme after that the same Payment shalbee due, lawfullie monished, eyther psonallie or at his Dignitie Stall Churche or Mansion Howse, by the Archbisshopp or Bisshopp of the Diocesse or his Deputie or Deputies, or the Deane and Chapter (the Sea beinge void), or by anye of their Deputie or Deputies authorized in that behalffe, to appeare by himselfe or his Deputie, at a certeyne Daye and Place of convenient Distaunce to the said Incumbent then to bee signified and infixed, and then and there to paye suche parte of the said Subsidies of his Benefice or Promo6&n Spuall as then by vertue of this Graunte shalbee due, doe not eyther at the same Daye and Place so to him

signified and pffixed, trewlie contente and- paye, or cawse to bee contented and paid, the same pte of the said

Subsidies wctl then by him shalbee due to bee paid unto the same Archebisshopp or Bisshopp or to his Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapiter of any Sea beinge voide, or to their Deputie or Deputies, or to one of them shewinge sufficient Deputac&n from the said Archebisshopp Bisshopp or Deane and Chapiter, under his or their Seale in that behalfe, beinge readie at the same Daye and Place so signified and pffixed to receyve any Payment of the said Subsidies then due, and openlie demaundinge the same, or els paye the same w^in Fowrtie Dayes next after anye such p>fixed Daye at the farthest, (so that open demaunde bee made of the said Payment of the said Subsidies in and at the said Place and Daye before pffixed,) that then everie Incumbent so makinge defaulte of Payment of his parte of the said Subsidies in any of the said Sixe yeares, after suche defaulte thereof certified into yo' Ma*" Exchequer in Writinge under the Seale and Hande Writinge of any Archebisshopp or Bisshopp, or the Comon Seale of the Deane and Chapiter the Sea beinge voide, chardged w,h the Collecc&n of the same Subsidies, so that the said Certificate shalbee made accordingc to the fourme hereafter expressed, and exhibited into yo' Ma"" said Courte of Exchequer at or before the two and twentithe daye of Januarie in everie of the said Sixe yeares, shall forfeyte and lose unto yo' Ma"e yo' Heires and Successo", all the Proffittf w* of that onelie Dignitie Benefice or Promoc&n for the wch hee maketh suche defaulte of Payment, and wherof suche Certificate shalbee made, shall come growe or arise unto him, (over and above the Chargf of servinge of the Cure,) in one whole yeare next after suche Certificate made and delivered into yo' Highenes Courte of Exchequer, and there admitted, in case the same Incumbent shall soe longe lyve; and that everie suche Certificate of any suche defaulte of Payment shalbee made accordinge to the Teno' and Effecte ensuinge, mutatis mutandis: Honorabilibus et egregiis viris, Dno Thesaurario et Baronibus de Scaccario lliustrissime Domine hre Dne Elizabethe Dei gra Angi Fraunc et Hibne Regine, Fidei Defensor, &c. Vester humilis I. pmissione Divina L. Episcopus, aucthoritate et vigore cujusdam Actus Parliamenti Anno Regni dee Domine Regine tricesimo primo editi et provisi, ad colligendum et levandum Subsidia eidem Domine Regine in eodem Pliamento p plato-,


' PENN STATE

A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 14.

815

et Clerum Cantuariensis Provincie concessa, videlicet, pro prima soluc&e primi Subsidii solvend secundo die Octobris,

ultimo preterito, infra Diocesim nram L. deputatus et auctorizatus, omnimodam reverenciam tantis viris debitam

cum honore. Vestris reverenciis harum serie anuntio ct certifico me pfatum Epm, modo quo pffertur deputatum et aucthorizatum, sufficienter et cum omni diligentia requisivisse p N. O. deputatum nieu in hac pte, de quocunq, Beneficio et Promof&e Ecdesiastica in quadam Schedula p'sentibj' annex specificatis, summas dicti Subsidii pro dictis Beneficiis et Promotionibj debitas, pro prima soluc&e dicti Subsidii debiti solvend, dco secundo die Octobris ulumo preterito, prout in eadem Schedula psentibj annexa, plenius liquet et apparet; Sed dcas summas ex causis in eadem Schedula allegatis recipere non potui. In cujus rei testimonium, sigillum meum fPsentibj apposui; Dat die mensis Anno I>ni millesimo quingentesimo nonogesimo primo. The Forme of wd‘

Schedule above menc&ed ensueth: Civitas L. vel Decanatus de H. A. Rector, vel Vicarius

ibidem monitus suit apud pdicl die ultimo preterito p N. O. deputatum meum,

ad solvend apud Ecclesiam de L. in comitatu R. die prox sequent, illam partem Subsidii p ipsum debitam

secundo die Octobris ulumo preterito, pro Promoc&e sua p'dicta. Sed p>dict A. B. nec apud Ecclesiam de L. p*dictam, eodem die nec alibi per quadraginta dies postea, summain p ipsum debitam

(ut pfertur) solvit vel satisfecit: neq^ dcam summam de proficuis dicte promotionis nec de bonis et cattallis died A. B. aliquo modo levare, seu recipere potui. Provided alwayes, That yf any Pson or Incumbent, chardgeable by this Acte or Graunte to any Payment of these two Subsidies, shall proffer or tender Payment of any summe due to the Archebisshopp or Bisshopp, or to the Oeane and Chapter where the Sea ys voide, or to any Deputie or Deputies of any Archebisshopp Bisshopp or Deane and Chapter aforesaid, at any tyme before the Cerdficat exhibited into Thexchequer as ys aforesaid, that then notw'Ntandinge the Certificate made as ys aforesaid againste any suche Pson, the said Incumbent, or Pson against whome the Certificate was so made, shall and maye averre the Offer or Tender of his Payment as ys aforesaid ; And of the same shalbee

tried, either by sufficient Witnesses, before the Lord Treasowrer and Barons of the Exchequer, or by the Triall

of twelve Men upon any Yssue thereupon to bee joyned betwixte the same Incumbent or any other Pson or Psons, that hee or any for him did offer or tender the Payment of the somme due as ys aforesaid, That then everie suche Incumbent shall have and enjoye his Promoc&n or Promocons still, w^out Forfeyture or losinge to yor Ma"' yo' Heires or Successo" any of the Proffittf therof, and as thoughe no Certificate or defaulte of suche Payment had byne made or exhibited; Any Thinge in this psent Graunte or Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge: And further, That it maye bee enacted likewise, That everie Archebishopp and Bisshopp, and Deane and Chapter of everie Sea vacante, and other psons chardgeable to and w"1 the Codecc6n of these Subsidies w,hin the said Province of Canterburie, shall and maye have upon everie Payment of the same Subsidies, made to the Lord Highe Treasowror or Under Treasowrer of England for the tyme beinge, or to suche other pson or psons, in place & places to whome and where it shall please yor Highenes or yor Courte of Exchequer to appointe for the Receipte thereof, in everie of the said Sixe yeares, a sufficient Acquitaunce Dischardge or Quietus est in Writinge of the said Lord Highe Treasowrer or Under Tresowrer, or of suche other pson or psons as either yo' Highenes or yo' said Courte of Exchequer shall assigne for the Receipte thereof, or as heretofore in the like Cases yt hathe byne accustomed, the same Acquitaunce Dischardge or Quietus est witnessinge the Receipte of so muche of the same summe of the said Subsidies as shalbee so receyved; And everie suche

Acquitaunce Dischardge or Quietus est in Writinge, sealed and subscribed w,h the Name or Names of the Lord

Highe Treasowrer or Under Treasowrer for the tyme beinge, or of suche Audito' or other pson or psons as yt shall please yor Highenes or yo' said Courte of Exchequer to appointe for the same Receiptf, or of suche others as heretofore in like Cases it hathe byne used, shall and maye be good and effectual in the Lawe, and bee also as sufficient a dischardge to all and everie of the said Collecto", to all suche Intentf Constructions and Purposes, as yf the same were made by Acte of Parliament: And that everie of the saide Collecto" shall paye but onelie three shillingf sour pence for everie generall and finall Acquittauncc, Dischardge or Quietus est, for everie yeares Payment of the said Subsidies: And yf any pson so assigned shall refuse or delaye to make suche a generall or finall Acquitaunce Dischardge or Quietus est, for everie yeares payment of the said Subsidies, or shall esquire and take for the same any more then three shillingf sour pence, or yf any other Officer of Thexchequer shall require and take of any Collecto' or Collecto", or of his or their Deputie or Deputies, in respecte of the Collection Payment or Accompte of the said Subsidies or any parte thereof, or for expedition or for any other cawse or ptense whatsoever conceminge the same, any Fees or Summes of Money, other then are before in this psent Acte expresselie allowed unto them, shall forfeyte the Somme of Tenne Powndf of lawful Money of England, to bee paid and recovered in like manner and to the same uses as ys before lymited and expressed in this Statute towchinge the like fbrfeytures of Receyvers and Awdito": And also that everie pticuler Acquitaunce wch upon payment of any pte of the said Subsidies shalbee made by any Collecto' or Collecto™ of the same Subsidies, or of any payment of them, or by his or their Deputie or Deputies in that behalfe, to any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promoc&n Spuali, or to any pson or psons contributorie and chardgeable to and wlh the same Subsidies, or any parte or payment of them, shalbee good and effectuall in the Lawe, and a full and sufficient dischardge to everie suche Incumbent, and other Pson, and his Benefice and Promoc&n Spuali, of and for all suche Somme and Summes of Money as by the same Acquitaunce shalbee acknowledged to bee receyved, in respecte of the same Benefice or Promoc&n Spuali, for any Payment or any parte of the same Subsidies; And that none Acquitaunce of any other pson or psons made before suche Certificate shall in any wise dischardge any pson or promoc&n, for any parte of his said Subsidies, nor of any Payne Penaltie or Forfeyture specified in this Graunte: And to the entente it maye bee knowne to the Court of Exchequer who bee the Deputie or Deputies of everie suche Archebisshopp Bisshopp or Deane and Chapter, aucthorized to receyve the

an<l Schedule to be annexed.

Incumbent may tender the Sum due, at any Time before Certificate is exhibited.

Acquittances to Collectors paying Subsidies to Lord Treasurer:

Fees thereon;

Penalty on Neglect or Extortion in the Officers of the Exchequer, /£io.

Particular Acquittances by Collectors to Ineumbcnts.

Names of Deputy Collectors shall be certified.

816

31° Eliz. c. 14.

A.D. 1588-9.

Ten D»y» ifter Demand allowed for Payment, without Feet, See.

No Spiritual Promotions shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

Deans, Sec. chargeable for their Promotions.

Exemption of Revenues of Cathedrals, Sec. appropriated to the Poor, Sec.

Certificate of such Revenues.

Persons paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy.

Exemption for Lands of Chauntries, Sec. vested in the Crown under Stat. I Edw.VI. c. is. or since, at Lands concealed, See.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, &c.

samp, and to make Acquitaunce thereof, everie Archebisshop and Bisshopp, and Deane and Chapter of any Sea beinge voide, shall yearelie, w,h the Certificat of the Names of the Stipendarie Preistes, certifie the Names of everie the Deputies to bee appoineted as ys aforesaid : Provided allwayes, that no Collecto' of these Subsidies or of any pte of them, shall use any Processe or compulsarie Meanes, or exacte any Fees or Sommes of Money for the same, or otherwise of any pson for not payenge the said Subsidies or any pte thereof, at suche certeyne daye and place as shalbee by the Collecto' or his Deputie p'fixed, in case the said pson shall tender the same unto the Collecto' or his Depude wu,in tenne dayes next after suche pfixed daye; and that the said Collecto" shall not by themselves or any others, take of any pson for the Receipte of any severall payment of the said Subsidies and for his Acquitaunce thereupon, any more then sour pence, by any collor or ptexte whatsoev1: Provided also, that no Spuall Promoc&ns, or any Lands Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, beinge chardged by this Graunte of the Province of Canterburie, or any Goodes or Cattelles growinge beinge or renewinge upon the same, or elsewhere apperteyninge to the Owners of the said Spuall Promoc&ns or to any of them, shalbe chardged or made contributorie to any Fifteenth or Tenth, or any other Subsidie alreadie graunted to yo' Highenes by the Layde, or hereafter to bee graunted duringe the Terme of the said sixe yeares : Provided also, That all Deanes Archedeacons Dignities Maisters Wardes and Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colledgf, or any of them, w^'in the said Province, shalbee chardged w11 these Subsidies for those Possessions Revenues and Promoc&ns onelie wch to their severall Promocons Dignities and Roomes are clerelie and distinctelie lymited, and to their onelie Uses severed, thereof to paye (the Tenthe pte beinge deducted) for either of the said Subsidies sixe shillingf of everie full Pownde, in manner and fourme as ys above rehersed: And that all those Rents Possessions Proffittf Porc&ns Hereditamentf and Spuall Promoc&ns, and everie of them, heretofore by yo' Highenes or any yo' Ma"" noble Progenito", or any other psons or psons whatsoev', gyven graunted bequeathed devised or impropried unto the said Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or to any of them, wcl‘ any wayes be assigned ymployed or used either for or towardes the yearelie Mayneten*nce of Readers of Divinitie Poore Men Schollemaisters Usshers Gramarians Peticannons Conductes Vicars Chorall Singeingmen Choresters Vergers Sextens, or of any other necessarie or daylie Officers or Ministers in suche Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges or any of them, or for or towardes the reedifienge or repayringe of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledgf, shall not bee chardged wlh any pte of those Subsidies, the certeynetie of wrt Porc&ns, aswell chardgeable to these Subsidies as not chardgeable in this behalfe, the Archebisshopp, or Bisshopp of the Dioces, or (the Sea beinge void) the Deane and Chapter, or any other to whome the same shall or maye apperteyne, upon due Searche and Examinac&n, shall certifie under his or their Seale into yo' Highenes said Courte of Exchequer at or before the said two and twentith daye of Januarie in everie of the said Syxe yeares: Provided allwayes, that everie Pson Vicar or other Spuall Pson payenge any Penc&n whereof no Allowaunce is made in the Valuacon of his Promoc&n or Benefice, shall and maye reteyne Two Shillingf of everie pownde of everie suche Penc&n everie yeare duringe the said Sixe yeares to his owne Releife, in considerac&n that hee is chardged to paye these two Subsidies of sixe shillingf the pownde out of everie pownde of the whole valewe of his Promoc&n; Any Coven*nte Graunte or Bonde to the contrarie notw^standinge : Provided also, and yo' said plattf and Cleargie doe moste humblie beseeche yo' Highenes that yt maye bee enacted by yo' Matk‘ Aucthoritie and yo' Highe Courte of Pliament, That where certeyne Landes Tents Rents Spuall Promoc&ns Tithes Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruitf, and other Hereditamentf, latelie belonging to divers Cathedrall Churches, and to other places and psons Ecclesiasticall w"‘in the said Province of Canterburie, wc" were given and assigned to bee bestowed and spent in and on findinge and maynteyninge of certeyne Chaunteries Anniversaries Obitf Lights Lampes, and other like Chardges Intentf and Purposes, of late came into the Handes and Possession of the late Kinge of famouse memorie Edwarde the Sixte, by the force of a Statute thereof made in the firste yeare of his Reigne, as by the said Statute more playnelie appeareth ; That the saide Cathedrall Churches and the Bisshoppes Deanes or p>sidentf and Chapters and pbendaries of the same, and all other places and psons Ecclesiasticall or any of them, to whome the said Landes Rents and other the pmisses or any of them did latelie apperteyne, shall not duringe the said sixe yeares be chardged to and w,h any payment of Subsidie, of and for that pte and porcon of Landes Tents Rents Spuall Promoc&ns and other Hereditamentf or any of them, whereunto the said late Kinge by force of the said Statute was intituled or possessed of, nor of any yearlie Rents or Paymentf goinge out of the said Cathedrall Churches and other the places and psons Ecclesiasticall aforesaid; and that Deduccon and Allowaunce thereof bee made to them and everie of them accordingly, in and upon everie payment of the said Subsidies, out of the whole Valewe Taxac&n and Estimac&n made for the payment of the said perpetuall Disme or Tenth remayninge of Recorde in yo' Highenes Courte of Exchequer as aforesaid, for that rate and porcon of Landes Tents Rents Spuall Promoc&ns and other Hereditamentf and those yearelie payments whereunto the said late Kinge was intituled or possessed of, or w"1 since the makinge of the said Statute, by reason that they have byne fownde as Landes Tents Rents Tithes or other Hereditamentf concealed from the late Kinge Edward the Sixte, the late Kinge Henrie Theight the late Queene Marie, or any of them, or from yo' Ma,le, or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the said Cathedrall Churches and other places and psons aforesaid or of any of them by force of the Statute pmised or any otherwise: Provided also, That these two Subsidies graunted by the Cleargie shall not bee demaunded or levied out of any Benefice Howse of Students or Colledge, scituate or set w,bin either of the Univ'sities of Cambridge or Oxford, or any Benefice Landes or other Revenues unto the said Univ'sities or either of them, or to any Howse of Students or Colledge in any of the same UniPsities, united appropriated or apperteyninge, or out of any Benefice Landes or Revenues of the Colledge of Windesor, or of the Colledge of Westiri, beinge of yo' Ma* Fowndac&n, or of the Colledge of Eaton nighe Windesor, or of the Colledge called S' Maries Colledge by Winchester, fownded by Willyam Wickeham sometyme Bisshopp of Winchester, or of any Hospitalles Aimes Howses or Grammer Schooles, or of any Churche Benefice


A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 14.

817

or other Revenues, to the sayd Colledgf Hospitalles Aimes Howses or Grammer Schooles or to any of

them annexed appropriated or otherwise apperteyninge : Provided alwayes, That all Psons Vicars and other Benefice* not

Ecclesiasticall psons, whose Beneficf are not above Sixe powndes thirteene shilling^ and sour pence by yeare, after

the Taxac&n aforesaid, shall not bee chardged w01 these to Subsidies or any pte of the same: Provided also, That everie vic»r*ge» from

Vicar whose Benefice ys Eight powndes or above and not above Tenne powndes by yeare after the Taxac&n aforesaid, to <&ya-

shall paye everie yeare of the said sixe yeares, onelie Sixe shilling? eight pence for his parte of the said Subsidies,

as Sripendurie Preistf bee chardged to paye by force of this Graunte and not otherwise; and yf it bee under

Eight powndf, hee shall not bee chardged w"‘ any pte of the said Subsidies: Provided also, That everie Preiste Pen*ion* not

and all other Ecclesiasticall or late Religeouse psons, havinge a Penc&n by reason of the dissolution of the late exceed,nS^5-

Monasteries Colledges Free Chappelles Chaunteries Fraternities Guildes and Hospitalles, or any other Incorpora c&n

w,hin the Province of Cantorburie or any of them, and beinge of the somme of Fyve powndes or under and not above,

shall not bee chardged or chardgable for anie suche Penc&n; Any thinge conteyned in this Graunte to the contrarie

notwithstandinge. And for the sure and trewe payment of these two Subsidies, graunted by yor said p>lattf and Thi^Sub«idy

Cleargie of the Province of Cantorburie, accordinge to the teno' purporte effecte and trewe meaninge of this jPsent j,y Parliiment.

Graunte, Yor said Prelattf and Cleargie moste humblie desier yor Highenes that this their said Guifte Graunte and

Subsidies, and everie Matter somme of Money Petycon Clawse Provic&ns and Sentencf in this Instrument conteyned

concerninge the said Subsidies, maye be ratified established and confirmed by the Aucthoritie of yor Highenes Courte

of Parliament: In quop omiu et singulorum pmissorum fidem et testimoniu, Nos Johannes Archiepiscopus Cantuariensis

antedictus, has psentes Iras nras testimoniales, sive hoc psens publicum Instrumentum, ad humilem rogatu platorum et

Cleri predictorum, Sigilli nn appensione, ac signo nomine et subscripcione Thome Redman Notarii Publici, fecimus et

jussimus comuniri. Da! die! ultimo die mensis Februarij, Anno Dni juxta computac&em Ecclesie Anglicane, millesimo

quingentesimo octogesimo octavo, Regniq, vestri felicissimi Anno tricessimo primo, et nre Translationis Anno sexto.

Wherfore for the trewe and sure payment of the said Subsidies, graunted by the said plattf and Cleargie of the Such Subsidy said Province of Cantorburie, accordinge to the Tenor Effecte and trewe Meaninge of the said Instrument, Bee yt enacted jvfisment^ by the Queenes moste Excellent Ma,k wth the assent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporal and the Comons in this accordingly, psent Pliament assembled, and by the aucthoritie of the same, That the said Guifte Graunte, and everie Matter somme of Money Peticon Provision Clause and Sentence in the same Instrument conteyned, shall stande and bee ratified established and confirmed by the Aucthoritie of this psent Pliament.

And Further bee yt enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid, That everie pson that shalbe appoineted to the collecc&n The .^/subsidy and gatheringe of the said Subsidie, shall have full power and aucthoritie to levie take and pceyve the said Subsidie shall be levied by by the Aucthoritie of the Censures of the Churche, That ys to saye, by Suspenc&n Excomunicacon or Interdiction, or^yUDis^rent«U;rt'’ and also by Sequestra c&n of the Fruitf and Proffitt? of their Benefices and Promoc&ns Spuall, in whose Handes soe$ when they bee, and to make sale of the same Fruictf, w^out daunger of the Lawes of this Realme, or by Distresse upon allowed out of their the Possessions of the Farmo" or Occupiers of the Landes and Tefitf, chardgeable by the said Instrument, for or to the ^.ent‘s* Covenant payment of any somme or sommes of Money to bee dewe by force hereof, or otherwise by the discrec&n of the to the contrary. CoIlector thereof; And that no Replevie Prohibic&n or Supsedeas shalbee allowed or obeyed for any pson or psons makinge defaulte of the payment of the said Subsidies, contrarie to the teno' of the Graunte thereof, untill suche tyme as they have trewlie satisfied and contented all suche pte and porcons as to them in that behalffe apperteyneth

And that everie suche Farmor and Farmo", their Executo" and Assignes, that shall fortune hereafter to bee chardged to and w* the payment of the said Subsidie or any parte thereof, shall by the aucthoritie aforesaid bee allowed and reteyne in his Handes asmuche of his yerelie Rent and Farme as the some w4 hee shall fortune to paye for his Lord or Lessor shall extend unto; Excepte that the said Farmo' or Farmo" their Executo" or Assignes, by the Lease and Graunte that they have of any parte of the Landes Tithes Proffittf Tent? chardgeable to the said Subsidie, or by force of anye Coven*nte or Article therein conteyned, bee bownde and chardged to paye the same, and thereof to dischardge the Lessor and Landlord duringe the Terme menc&ed in the said Lease.

And likewise bee it enacted by the aucthoritie of this psent Pliament, That whereas divers Curattf lyable to the Subiidy^n Subsidie being oftentymes removeable, doe serve aswell in dyvers Impropriacons belonginge to the Queenes Matk, as Impropriation* in other Spuall Promoc&ns belonginge to other psons; That for the speedie Recoverie of the said Subsidies, it maye Farmer*

be lawfull to the Collecto' or Collecto" of the said Subsidie, their Deputie or Deputies, to levie the said Subsidie upon thereof, the Farmo' or Farmo" or Occupiers of all suche Impropriacons and Spuall Promoc&ns, by all Censures of the Churche aforesaid and everie of them, or by waye of Distresse of Tythes of the said Impropriac&n or Impropriacons and Spuall Promoc&ns, or otherwise uppon the Goodes and Chattelles of the said Farmo' or Farmo" and Occupiers, in wrl‘ case no Inhibic&n Prohibic&n Replevie or other Processe awarded to the contrarie, shalbee obeyed; Any Lawe Statut?

Priviledges or Customes to the contrarie hereof, heretofore made graunted or used, or hereafter to bee made graunted or used, to the contrarie in any wise notw^standinge: And that yt maye be lawfull to the Collecto", and the Officers Distresses m«y be and Ministers of suche Archebisshopp Bisshopp and Deane and Chapter, for not payment of the said Subsidie after the appraised and sold, same shalbee due in any of the said sixe yeares, to pryse and valewe the said Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent Neighebours by him to bee chosen, and the Distresse or Distresses so prised to sell, and thereof to deteyne so muche Money as shall amounte to the somme payable to the Queenes Ma1", w0* the reasonable Chardges also of the said Collecto" susteyned in that behalffe; and the rest of the Money made of the said Distresse, to bee delyvered and paid to the Owner and Occupier thereof.


818

31° Eliz. c. 14, 15.

a

A.D. 1588-9.

iv.

Lay Impropriator* shall be charged under this Act

for their Spiritual Promotion*.

Provided alwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That everie Laye pson havinge Spuall Promoc&n chardgeable by this Acte, and also havinge Temporall Possessions Goods Chattelles and Debts chardged to the said Subsidies graunted in this Pliatnent by the Temporaltie, shalbee taxed chardged and set for his said Spuall PromofSns w8* the Cleargie, and his Temporall Possessions and Chattelles Reall w81 the Temporaltie, and not otherwise; Any Thinge before mencfted to the contrarie notw^standinge.

V.

Subsidy of the Prorince of York shall be collected under this Act.

VI.

All Prorisions in the Grants confirmed.

And bee yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That all and everie Graunte and Grauntf of all and everie somme and sommes of Money graunted, or w1* hereafter shall bee graunted to the Queenes Ma'* by the Cleargie of the Province of Yorcke, shalbee of the same strengthe force and effecte in all things as the said Graunte made by the said Province of Cauntorburie; and shalbee taxed certified collected levied gathered and payed, accordinge to the tenor fourme and effecte of this f?sent Acte of Parliament, to all Intentf Constructs and Purposes, in suche manner and fourme as thoughe it were spedallie playnelie and pticulerlie expressed and rehersed in this fPsent Acte, by expresse Wordes Termes and Sentences in their severall Natures and Kindes.

Provided allwayes and bee it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That all Provisions before rehersed, conteyned or to bee conteyned in the said Graunte of the Plattf and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburie, and the like of the same Provisoes hereafter to bee conteyned in the Graunte of the {Plattf and Cleargie of the Province of Yorcke, shalbee good and effectuall, and bee observed and kepte in everie Pointe and Article, accordinge to the trewe purporte and meaninge of the same.

CHAPTER XV. (’)

An Acte for the graundnge of Fowre Fiftenes and Tenthes, and twoe entier Subsidies to oure most graciowse Sov'aigne Ladie the Quenes most Excellent Ma0*.

Motive* for Grant of

increaaed Subsidies;

MOST graciowse Sov'aigne, when Wee enter into due Consyderac&n of the moste pryncelie and provident course of Governement whiche yor most Excellent Ma"* hathe hetherto helde, even synce yor first Entrye into the Possession of this Crowne, in preserving this Realme in a ppetuall Peace and Quyetnes, free from all Forreyne Invasions, notwithstandinge the sondrie Attemptf aswell by open greate Forces manye tymes prepared and bent against this Realme, as by contynewall Practizes Conspiracies and Plottf laied by yor Highnes Enemyes abroade, and by Rebells at home, whiche manifestlie tended not onlie to the interrupcon of the happie Peace and Repose of us yo' humble Subjects, and this yo' Highnes Realme and other yo' Domynyons, but also to the utter subversion thereof and ruyne of the same; In all whiche yo' Ma'f most noble Actions Wee have seene a most notable naturall Disposicon of yor Ma8* at no tyme to have attempted by Invasion of anye yor Enemyes Countreies to have possessed the same, as yor Ma,ie Wee knowe might many tymes have doon verey redilie, and also justly in respecte of the hostile Attemptf so often offered bothe against yo' owne Roiall Pson and yo' Domynyons; whiche course Wee do certeynlie knowe yo* Ma8* hathe followed, in respecte that yor continewall purpose was to preserve us in a Peace at home by yo' provident maner of Defence of yo' Domynyons and Countries against open Invado": And upon theise & mariye moe like Considers c&ns and Observac&ns of yo' wise and happie Governement, Wee doe further also consider howe for the accomplisheng of theis yor honorable and pryncelie Actions, the greate and infynyte Charges yo' Ma"* hathe susteyned, and that espedallie the laste yere, in preparinge and maynteyninge so longe tyme so puysant an Armye by Sea, besides the Forces assembled by Lande for the w^standinge the twoe greate and mightie Armyes prepared, the one in the Lowe Countreyes and the other broughte foorthe owte of Spayne, w81 intent by theire mightie joynte Forces, farre exceedinge all others in anye Memorie of Man, to have made a full bloodie Conquest of this Realme, had not the same bene prevented throughe the singler yea myraculowse goodnes of Almightie God, and yo' Highnes saide greate Preparac&ns & Forces, in charge and puysaunce above all former prepared in this Realme at anye tymes in o'Memorie, for the w^standing of the same: Wee therefore yo'Ma'f most humble loiall and Iovinge Subjects, aswell in regarde of the humble Dutie Wee owe unto yo' most Excellent Ma8*, under whose graciowse and pryncelie Governement Wee have receyved so manye and singler Benefites, aswell Spirituall & Temporall, as also the naturall care Wee ought to have of o' owne pticuler preservation, havinge due considera£6n bothe of the puysance joyned w"" extreame mallice of yo' Ma'f Enemyes, whiche also we have good cawse to thincke to be increased throughe the greate defeate they receyved in theire late Enterprises by them accompted invyncible, cannot but present unto yo' KyppIIpiu-Ma8*, w* all lowlynes and humylitie, besides the service of o' Bodies w’h all o' worldlie power, some ContribucSn in waye of Subsidie owte of o' Lands and Goods, as in pte of an acknowledgement of o' humble Dutie unto yo' Highnes towards the bearing of some pte of the greate and infynyte Charge yo' Ma8* hathe alredye susteyned and is like hereafter to ssteyne, in the w^standmge of suche forcible and maliciowse Attemptes as yt is not to bee dowbted but that yo' saide Enemies will doe theire uttermost to put in ExecucSn w81 the Forces and Aides of all theire Confederates: And for that Wee doe pceyve that the graunteng onlie of suche an ordynarie Subtidy to bee levied, as hathe bene comonlie used in former tymes of smaller Daungers, is in no wise sufficient and awnswerable to the unusuall and greate Chardges susteyned & to be susteyned by yo' Ma8*, for theis so greate Actions necessarie to be taken in hand, to ■w^stande suche extraordynarie Forces of so manye mightie Enemyes as have bene sene this last yere bothe by Lande 8c Sea, and are by foresight in wisedome to be as greatelie dowbted bothe this yere to come and in tyme followeng

> From the Original Act. See Note at beginning of this Year.


A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 15

819

(Wee knowe not howe longe,) uni esse the Almighde God shalbe pleased to disapoynt & make frustrate the Attemptes

of yo' Malf Enemyes, as at all tymes hetherunto of his singuler Favor he hathe done: Therefore after verey good

Deliberac&n, Wee w* or verey prompt and voluntarie good willes have accorded and consented, and by this present

Acte in Pliament, doe w,h all humylitie yelde and present to yor Ma"', twoe entier Subsidies and Fowre Fifteenes and

Tenthes, towards yoo’ Ma*f Chardges for o' Defence, in maner hereafter followeng : And Wee doe also most humblie Grant of Four

beseeche yo' Ma"* that yt maye be enacted by awthoritie of this present Pliament, That yo' Ma,k shall have Fowre "nd° Tenth* on

Fiftenes and Tenthes, to be paied taken and levied of the moveable Goods Cattelles and other Things usuall to Pe™°n»'ty, p»T*ble

in Four Ycin}

suche Fifteenes and Tenthes to be contributorie and chargeable, w,hin the Shieres Citties Boroughes Townes and deducting £6,oooo

other Places of this yor Maf Realme, in maner and forme aforetyme used; Excepte the some of sour and twentie

thowsande pounds thereof fullie to be deducted, that is to saye, Sixe thowsande powndf of ePy of the saide whole

Fyftenes and Tenthes, in Relief Comforte and Dischardge of the poore Townes Citties and Boroughes of this yor

saide Realme, wasted desolate or destroied or over greatelie ympoverished, after suche Rate as was & hathe afore

this tyme bene hadd and made to everie Shier, and to be devided in suche maner and forme as heretofore for

one whole Fyftene and Tenthe hathe bene had and devided : And the saide Fowre Fyftenes and Tenthes (the

Excepc&n and Deduction aforesaide thereupon hadd deducted and allowed) to be paied in Maner and Forme

followeng, That is to saye; The first whole Fiftene and Tenthe (except before excepted) to be paied to yo'

Highnes in the Receipte of yo' Highnes Exchequer, on or before the tenthe daye of November next comynge;

And the saide seconde Fiftene and Tenthe (except before excepted) to be payed to your Highnes in the saide Receipte of Exchequer, on or before the tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1590;

And the saide thirde Fifteene and Tenthe (excepte before excepted) to be paied to yo' Highnes in the saide Receipte of yo1 Exchequer on or before the tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1591; And the saide fowrthe Fiftene and Tenthe (except before excepted) to be paid to yo' Highnes in the saide Receipte of yo' Eschequer on or before the Tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1592.

And Be yt further Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That the Knightf elected and retoumed of & for the Shieres within this Realme for this present Pliament, Cittizens of Citties, Burgesses of Boroughes and Townes, where Collecto" have bene used to be named and appoynted for the Collection of anye Fifteene and Tenthe before this tyme graunted, shall name & apoynte before the tenthe daye of Auguste next comynge, sufficient and able psons to be Collecto™ for the Collection of the saide firste Fyftene and Tenthe; and also shall likewise name and appoynte before the tenthe daye of August, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1590, other sufficient and able psons to be Collecto™ for the Collection of the seconde Fiftene and Tenthe; and also shall likewise name and appoynte before the tenthe daye of Awgust whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1591, other sufficient & able psons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the thirde Fiftene and Tenthe; and also shall likewise name and appoynte before the tenthe daye of Awgust whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1592, other sufficient and able psons to be Collecto™ for the Collection of the fowrthe Fifteene and Tenthe in everie of the saide Shires Citties Boroughes and Townes; the saide psons then havinge Lands Tenementf & other Hereditament in theire owne Right of an Estate of Inheritance of the yerelie value of Twenty powndf, or in Goods woorthe Twoe hundreth powndf at the leaste, after suche Rate and Value as he shalbe rated at in the Subsidie Booke, yf anye suche be in the saide lymytes, and for want of suche so assessed, that those shalbe appoynted Collecto™ that then shalbe rated and taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Lands or Goods nerest to the Values aforesaide; And also suche pson and psons so by them to bee named and appoynted for the Collection of the saide Fowre Fiftenes and Tenthes, shalbe by them severallie appoynted and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Citties Boroughes & Townes; And also the saide psons so named and appoynted for the Collection of the saide severall Fifteenes and Tethes, shall be sePallie chardged and chargeable, upon his or theire Accompte or Accomptf in the Exchequer to be made, w,h all suche some or somes of Money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Citties Boroughes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appoynted shall amownt unto, and of no more some or sommes; And upon the payment of suche sommes of Money as he or they shalbe so chardged wth, shalbe dischardged and have his and theire Quietus est; The not accomptinge or non payment of anye other his Fellowes, or the insufficiencie of theym or anye of them notw^standinge; And the Names and Surnames of everie of the saide Collecto" for the saide firste Fifteene and Tenthe, together w1" the places allotted to theire Collection and Charge, the saide Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses, for the Shires Citties and Boroughes whereunto they bee allotted named and returned, shall certifie before the Quenes Ma,ic in her Chauncerie before the tenthe daye of September next comyng; and likewise the Names and Surnames of ePie of the saide Collecto™ so to be named and appoynted for the Collection of the saide seconde Fiftene and Tenthe, together

wlk the Places allotted to theire Collection & Charge, the saide Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise

certifie into the saide Courte of Chauncerie before the tenthe daye of September, whiche shalbe in the yere of

o' Lorde God 1590; and likewise the Names and Surnames of ePie of the saide Collecto" so to be named

appoynted for the Collection of the saide thirde Fiftene and Tenthe, together wth the Places allotted to theire Collection and Chardge, the saide Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the saide Courte of Chauncerie before the tenthe daye of September, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1591; and likewise the Names and Surnames of ePy of the saide Collecto" so to be named and appoynted for the Collection of the saide fowrthe Fifteene and Tenthe, together wth the Places allotted to theire Collection and Chardge, the saide Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the saide Cowrte of Chauncerie before the tenthe daye of September, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1592, according to the teno' of this Acte:

n.

Collector* shall be appointed by the Member! of Parliament for the aeveral Shire*, Stc.;

Qualification of Collector!.

Such Collectors shall be allotted to several Divisions ; and chargeable for the same severally;

and their Name* certified into Chancery;

Original from PENN STATE

820

31° Eliz. c. 15.

A.D. 15 88-9.

or in Default, »uch Collectors shell be appointed by the Lord Chancellor

Their Allowance

Process against them.

III. Collectors shall enter into Recognizances for due Payment of the Subsidies.

IV.

Grant of Two entire Subsidies on Personalty ; riz. Of Subjects, above £y is. 8 d. per Pound for the hrst Payment, and is. for the Second, on each of the said Two Subsidies.

And yf defaulte of anye suche certifienge be had or made in forme as is aforesaide, then the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande, or Keep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, shall ymediatlie after name and appoynte Collecto" for the Collection of ev*ie of the saide Fifteenes and Tenthes, in suche like maner and forme as the saide Knightf of the Shires Cittizens of Citties and Burgesses of Boroughes shoulde have doon, and as afore tyme hathe bene used; The whiche saide Collecto", and everie of them so to be named and appoynted as is aforesaide, shall have Allowance upon theire Accomptf for theire Fees Wages and Rewardf for the Collection of the saide Fifteenes and Tenthes, in as lardge maner

and forme as anye Collecto’ or Collecto" of anye Fiftene and Tenthe have hadd at any season in tyme paste; And

that the Barons of the Quenes Exchequer for the tyme beinge, shall and maye from tyme to tyme awarde suche processe for the speedie Payment of the saide severall Fifteenes and Tenthes against the Collecto' or Collecto" of the same, as by theire Discrec&ns shalbe thought convenyent.

Provided allwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthoritie of this present Pliament, That the saide Lorde Chauncello’ or Keep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, Knightf of the Shier, Cittizens of the Citties, Burgesses of Boroughes Townes and other Places, havinge awthoritie by this present Acte to nomynate the saide Collecto" of or for the Collection of the saide severall Fiftenes and Tenthes, shall upon theire Nomynac&n and Election had and made, take by awthoritie of this present Pliament, sufficient Recogniz*uncf or Obligacons of everie pson so by them to be named, to be bounde to the Quenes Ma"' in the dowble somme of the somme of theire Collecdon, and to be indoreed upon suche Condic&n, that yf the same Collecto’ and Collecto" of the saide firste Fifteene and Tenthe, and likewise the Collecto’ or Collecto" of the saide seconde Fifteene and Tenthe, and likewise the Collecto’ or Coilecto" of the saide thirde Fiftene and Tenthe, and likewise the Collecto’ or Collecto" of the saide fowrthe Fiftene and Tenthe, do trulie content and paye to the use of the Quenes Ma,le in her Receipt of Exchequer for the saide first Fifteene and Tenthe, at or before the saide tenthe daye of November next comynge, and for the saide seconde Fiftene and

Tenthe at or before the saide tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God 1590,

and for the saide thirde Fifteene and Tenthe at or before the saide tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yeare of o’Lord God 1591, and for the saide fowrthe Fifteene and Tenthe at or before the saide tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 159a, so muche of the saide some of Money allotted & appoynted to his Collection as the same Collecto’ shall have collected and gathered, and do likewise, after the saide tenthe daye of November next edmynge, and the saide tenthe daye of November, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1590, and the saide tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o’ Lord God 1591, and the saide tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o’ Lorde God 159a, content and paye to the Quenes MaT use at the same Receipte of the Exchequer, the Residue of his Collection and Chardge, w^in one Moneth next after suche tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recognizance or Obligac&n to be voied, or ells to stande in his full strengthe and power; whiche Recogniz‘unce or Obligac&n so taken, the same Knightf of the Shire Cittizens and Burgesses, and evie of them takinge anye suche Recognizance or Obligac&n, shall certifie and delyver to the Lorde Thresourer and Barons of the same Exchequer, before the same tenthe daye of November next comynge, and tenthe daye of November wch shalbe in the yeare of o’ Lorde God 1590, and tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1591, and tenthe daye of November w4 shalbe in the yere of o’ Lorde God 159a; upon payne of Forfaicture of Tenne Powndf to the Quenes Highnes for ev^e Recogniz'unce or Obligac&n so to be taken and not certified; And that everie suche Collecto’ upon Requeste to hym made, shall make and knowledge the same Recognizance or Obligac&n accordinglie, upon payne of forfaicture of Twentie powndes to the Quene for his refusall thereof; And that the Treasourer and Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme being, upon Payment of the saide Collection at the Daies, shall cancell and delyver the saide Recogniz’unce or Obligac&n to the saide Collecto’ or Collecto" w'^owt anye other Warr*unte, and wthowt anye Fee or Rewarde to be paied to any pson for the same.

And Furthermore for the greate and weighrie Considers&&ns aforesaide, Wee the Lords Spiritual! 8c Temporall, and the Comons of this present Pliament assembled, doe by o' like Assent, and Awthoritie of this Pliament, give and graunte to yo' Highnes o' saide Sov’aigne Ladie the Quenes Ma* yo’ Heires and Successo", Twoe entier Subsidies, to be rated taxed levied and paied at sour severall Paymentf, of everie pson Spuall and Temporall of what Estate or Degree he or they be of, according to the tenor of this Acte, in maner and forme followenge. That is to saye; Aswell of everie pson borne w,bin this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, as of all and everie Fraternytie Guylde Corporac&n Misterie Brotherhoode and Comunaltie, corporated or not corporated, w"in this Realme of England Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, beinge woorthe Three powndf, for everie pownde aswell in Coyne and the Value of ev’ie pownde that ev^e suche Pson Fraternytie Guylde Corporac&n Misterie Brotherhoode and Comunaltie, corporate or not corporate, hathe of his or theire owne or anye other to his or theire use, as also Plate Stocke of Merchandize, all maner of Come and Grayne Howsholde stuffe and of all other Goods moveable, aswell within this Realme as w^owt, and of all suche somes of money as to hym or them is or shalbe oweng, whereof he or they trust in his or theire conscience surelie to be paied, Excepte and owt of the Premisses deducted suche sommes of money as he or they owe, and in his or theire conscyence intendeth trulie to paye, And except also the Apparrell of ev^e suche psons theire Wieves and Children belongeng to theire owne Bodies, Saving Jewells Goulde Silver Stone and Perle, shall paye to and for the firste payment of the saide first Subsidie, Twenty pence of everie pownde, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide first Subsidie, Twelve pence of e$ie pownde; and to and for the firste payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, Twentie pence of everie pownde, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, Twelve pence of everie pownde:

Gck .file

Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 15 88-9.

31° Eliz. c. 15

821

And also everie Alyen and Straunger borne owte of the Quenes obeysaunce, aswell Denizen as others, inhabiteng within this Realme, of e9ie pownde that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of ePie pownde in Plate Corne Grayne Merchaundize Howshoulde stuffe or other Goods Jewells Cattells moveable or unmoveable as is aforesaidc, aswell within this Realme as w'fowt, and of all sommes of Money to hym or them oweng, whereof he or they trust in his or theire conscyence to be paied, Excepte and owte of the same Premisses deducted ev^ie suche somme or sommes of Money whiche he or they doe owe and in his or theire conscience or consciences intende trewlie to paye, shall paye of and for everie pownde, to and for the firste payment of the saide firste Subsidie, three shillingf sour pence, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide firste Subsidie twoe shillingf of everie pownde; and to and for the firste payment of the said seconde Subsidie, three shillingf sour pence, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, twoe shillingf of everie pownde: And also that everie Alyen and Straunger borne owte of the Quenes Domynyons, being Denizen or not Denizen, not being contributorie to any the Rates abovesaide, and beinge of the Aige of seaven yeres or above, shall paye to and for the firste payment of the saide firste Subsidie, sour pence, and to and for the seconde payment of the said first Subsidie, sour pence for everie Polle; and to and for the first payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, sour pence, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, sour pence for ev^e Polle; And the Maister or he or she w* whome the same Alyen is or shalbe abydeng at the tyme of the Taxacbn or Taxacbns thereof, to be chardged w"1 the same for lacke of payment thereof.

And be yt further Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That everie pson borne under the Quenes Obeysance, and everie Corporac&n Fratemytie Guylde Misterie Brootherhoode and Comunaltie, Corporate or not Corporate, for everie pownde that e9ie of the same psons, and everie Corporaf&n Fratemytie Guylde Mysterie Brootherhoode and Comunaltie Corporate or not Corporate, or anye other to his or theire use, hathe in Fee symple Fee taile, for terme of Lief, terme of Yeres, by Execuc&n Wardshipp or by Coppye of Court Rolle, of and in anye Honno" Castells Manno" Lands Tents Rents Services Hereditamentf Aiiuyties Fees Corrodies or other yerelie Proffittf of the yerelie value of twentie shillingf, aswell w^in awncient Demesne and other Places priviledged as els wheare, and so upwarde, shall paye to and for the first payment of the saide first Subsidie, Twoe shillingf eight pence of and for ev*ie pownde, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide firste Subsidie, sixtene pence of and for e9ie pownde; and to and for the firste payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, twoe shillingf eight pence of and for ePie pownde, and to and for the seconde payment of the said seconde Subsidie, sixtene pence of and for ev^ie pownde: And everie Alyen Denyzen or not Denyzen, borne owte of the Quenes Obeysance, in suche case to paye, at the firste of the saide paymentf of the saide firste Subsidie, fyve shillingf sour pence of e&ie pownde, and at the seconde payment of the said firste Subsidie, twoe shillingf eight pence, of and for ePie pownde; and at the firste of the saide paymentf of the saide seconde Subsidie, fyve shillingf sour pence of ev*ie pounde, and at the seconde payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, twoe shillingf eight pence of and for ev’ie pownde: And that all s5mes presented & chargeable by this

Acte, either for Goods and Debts or either of them, or for Lands and Tenementf and other the Premisses as is

in this Acte conteyned, shall be at ev^ie of the saide paymentf sett and taxed after the Rate and Porctin according to the true menynge of this Acte; (Lands and Tenementf chargeable to the Dysmes of the Cleargie, and yerelie Wages due to Servauntf for theire yerelie Service, other then the Quenes Servantf taking yerelie Waiges of fyve powndf or above, onlie excepted and foreprised ;) And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goods Debts and Cattells Psonalls, being in the Rule and Custodie of anye pson or psons to the use of anye Corporafbn Fratemytie Guylde Mystery Brotherhoode or anye Comunaltie, being Corporate or not Corporate, be and shalbe rated sett & chardged by reason of this Acte, as the value certified by the presenters of that Certificate of everie pownde in Goods and Debts as is abovesaide. And of everie pownde in Lands Tenementf Aiiuyties Fees Corrodies and other yerelie Proffittf as is abovesaide; and the sommes that are above rehersed sett and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have suche Goods in Custodie, or otherwise chardged for Lands as is before reherced; And the same pson or psons and Bodie Corporate, by Awthoritie of this Acte, shalbe dischardged against hym or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delyverie thereof, or at his otherwise depture from the

Custodie or Possession of the same: Excepte and allwaies foreprised from the Chardge and Assessment of this

Subsidie, all Goods Cattells Juells and Omamentf of Churches and Chappells, whiche have bene ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappells for the honno' and service of Almightie God.

And the first payment of the saide first Subsidie shall be, by awethoritie aforesaide, taxed sessed and rated according to this Acte, in everie Shire Rydeng Lathe Wapentake Rape Citde Boroughe Towne and everie other Place w^in this Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, before the firste daye of October next comynge; And the seconde payment of the saide first Subsidie shalbe, by the Awethoritie aforesaide, taxed assessed & rated before the firste daye of October whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1590 ; and the first payment of the saide seconde Subsidie shalbe by the awethoritie aforesaide taxed sessed and rated accordinge to this Acte in ev^ie Shire Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Boroughe Towne and ev'ie other place wu,in this Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, before the firste daye of October, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1591 ; and the seconde payment of the saide seconde Subsidie shalbe by the awethoritie aforesaide taxed assessed and rated before the firste daye of October, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 159a ; And the pticuler sommes of everie Shire Rydynge Boroughe Towne & other Places aforesaide, w"‘ the pticuler Names of suche as are chargeable for and to the firste payment of the saide firste Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Coinyssyoners to the same to be lymyted or twoe of them at the leaste, w* the Names of the Highe Collector, and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequo' before the firste daye of November next co'ityng

On Alieni, 51. 4<i. for the firtt Payment, and 21. for the Second, on each of the said Two Subtidiet.

Poll Tax on Alieni not liable to the Subiidiei, 4d- each Payment.

V.

Two Subsidiet on Lands of 20s. per Ann. and upwards, by Two Payments on each Subsidy, viz. On Natives, 2i. 8d. and is. 4d. in the Pound:

On Alieni,

5s. 4d. and 2S. 8d. on the first and second Payment of each Subsidy respectively.

Exceptions;

Mode of rating Personalty, &c.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, &c.

VI.

Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.


9 Z

822

31° Eliz. c. 15

A.D. 15 88-9.

to be paid a* well within Libertiea at without:

[$« f XXX.]

VII.

Rating of Absentees and others, according to Assessments, ice.

VIII.

Appointment of Commissioners, for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, Dec.

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations!

And the pticuler sommes of ePie Shier Rydeng Buroughe Towne and other Places aforsaide, wth the pticuler Names of suche as are chargeable for and to the seconde payment of the saide first Subsidie, to be taxed and sett, by the Comyssioners to the same to be lymyted or twoe of them at the leaste, wu' the Names of the Highe Collecto", And in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequer before the first daye of November, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1590. And the pticuler somes of everie Shire Rydynge Boroughe Towne and other Places aforesaide, w'" the pticuler names of suche as are chargeable for and to the first payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comyssyoners to the same to be lymyted, or twoe of them at the leaste, w* the names of the Highe Collectors, and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequer before the first daye of November, whiche shalbe in the yere of o’ Lord God 1591; And the pticuler sumes of everie Shire Ryding Boroughe Towne and other places aforesaide, w* the pticuler names of suche as are chargeable for and to the seconde payment of the saide seconde Subsidie to be taxed and sett by the Comyssyoners to the same to be lymyted, or twoe of them at the leaste, w* the names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequer before the firste daye of November, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 159a. And the saide sommes, in forme aforesaide to be taxed to and for the first payment of the saide firste Subsidie, shalbe paied into the Quenes Receipte of her Exchequer aforesaide, to the use of or saide SoPaigne Ladye, at or before the xiju daye ofFebruarie, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1589; And the saide sommes in maner & forme aforesaide to be taxed for the seconde payment of the saide firste Subsidie, shalbe paied into the Receipte aforesaide, to the use aforesaide at or before the twelveth daye of Februarie whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1590. And the saide sumes in maner and forme aforesaide to be taxed for the first payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, shalbe paid into the Receipte aforesaide to the use aforesaide, at or before the xtj'h daye of Februarie, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1591 ; And the saide summes in maner and forme aforesaide to be taxed for the seconde payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, shalbe paied into the Receipt aforesaide to the use aforesaide, at or before the twelveth daye of Februarie, whiche shalbe in the yere of or Lord God 150a. And the sumes abovesaide of and for the saide Subsidies shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levied and paied to the use of o' saide SoPaigne Ladie her Heires and Successo" in forme abovesaide, aswell w*in the Libties Franchises Sanctuaries auncient Demesne and other whatsoever Places, exempte as not exempt, as w^owt; Except suche Shieres Places & Psons as shalbe foreprised in and by this present Acte; Anye Graunte Charter Prescripc&n Use or Libertie by reason of anye ires patent f, or other Privilege Prescripc&n Allowance of the same, or whatsoever other Matter of Discharge, heretofore to the contrary made graunted used or obteyned, notw^standinge.

And yt is further Inacted by the Awthoritie of this present Pliament, That everie suche pson, aswell suche as be borne under the Quenes obeys’unce, as ePie other pson Straunger borne. Denizen or not Denizen, inhabiteng w,hin this Realme or wSn Wales or other the Quenes Domynyont, whiche at the tyme of the saide Assessingf or Taxacbns or of everie of them to be had or made, shalbe owte of this Realme or owte of Wales, and have Goods Cattells Lands or Tenements Fees or Ahuyties or other Proffittf w°*in this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabifuntf of the place wheare suche Goods Cattells Lands Tenementf or other the Premisses then shalbe, or in suche other place wheare suche pson or his Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney shall have his moste resorte unto w^in this Realme or in Wales, in like maner as yf the saide pson weare or had bene at the tyme of the saide Assessinge w^in this Realme; And that ePie pson abydenge or dwellinge w^in this Realme or w^owt this Realme, shalbe chardged or chargeable to the same Subsidies graunted by this Acte, accordinge and after the Rate of suche yerely substaunce or value of Lands or Tenementtf Goods Cattells and other the Premisses, as ePie pson so to be charged shalbe sett at, at the tyme of the saide Assessinge or Taxacftn upon hym to be made, and none otherwise.

And Further be yt Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide, That for the sessinge and orderinge of the saide Twoe Subsidies to be duelie had, the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or the Lorde Keep of the Greate Seale, the Lorde Thresourer of England, the Lorde Stewarde of the Quenes Ma'f Howshoulde, the Lorde Admyrall of Englande the Lorde Chambleyne of the Quenes moste honnorable Howshoulde for the tyme beinge, or twoe of them at the leaste, whereof the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or Keep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge to be one, shall and may name and appoynte of and for ePie Shire Rydeng and other Places, aswell wrtin this Realme as in Wales, and other the Quenes Domynyons, as also of and for everie Cittie and Towne being a Countie of yt selfe, and of & for the Isle of Wight, suche certen number of psons of ePie of the same Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes and Isles of Wight, and everie other place, as they shall thyncke convenient, to be Comyssyoners of and wthin the same place, whereof they be Inhifuntf; And also of and for the honorable Howshoulde of the Quenes Ma"*, in what Shire or other Place the saide Howshoulde shall happen then to be; And the Lorde Chauncello' or Lorde Keep of the Greate Seale, and other w,b hym before named, or twoe of them as is aforesaide, in like maner may name and appoynt of ePie other suche Boroughe and Townes Corporat, aswell in Englande as in Wales, and other the Quenes Domynyons, as they shall thincke requysite, sixe fyve sour three or twoe of the hedd Officers, and other honest Inhabifuntf of ePie of the saide Citties Boroughes and Townes Corporate, accordinge to the number and multitude of the people beinge in the same; The whiche psons, yf any suche be thereunto named of the saide Inhitauntf of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not beinge Counties of themselves, shalbe joyned and put in as Comyssyoners wUl the psons named for suche Shires and Rydengf as the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate not being Cownties in themselves, be sett and have theire beinge; Whiche psons so named for and of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not being Cownties, by reason of theire dwellinge in the same, shall not


A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 15

823

take upon them nor none of them, to put anye pte of theire Comyssion in execucbn for the Premisses owt of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, wherein they be so named onlie; nor to execute the saide Comyssion w,hin the Boroughe or Towne Corporate where they be so dwellinge, but at suche daies and tymes as the saide

other Comyssyoners for the same Shire and Rydinge shall thereunto lymyte and appoynte, w""in the same Boroughe

and Towne Corporate not beinge a Cowntie whereof they be so named, and not owt of suche Boroughe or Towne; And in that maner to be aydeng and assisteng w'h the saide other Comyssyoners in and for the good executeng of the effecte of the saide Cdmyssion, upon payne of ePie of the saide Comyssyoners, so named for e$e suche Cittie Boroughe & Towne Corporate not being a Cowntie, to make suche Fyne as the saide other

Comyssyoners in the Comyssion of and for the same Shire or Rydeng so named, or three of them at the leaste,

shall by theire discrec&n sett and certifie into the Quenes Exchequer, there to be levied to the use of the Quenes Ma"', in like maner as yf suche or like sumes had bene sett and rated upon ev*ie suche pson for the said Subsidies; The whiche Comyssyoners so named, of and for the saide Citties Boroughes and Townes not beinge Cownties, and onlie putt into the saide Comyssion by reason of theire dwellinge in the same, shall not have anye pte of the portion of the Fees and Rewardf of the Comyssioners and theire Clarckf in this Acte afterwarde specified and allowed. And the Lorde Chauncello’ of Englande or the Keep of the Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme beinge, shall make and directe owte of the Courte of the Chauncerie under the Greate Seale, sev’all Comyssions, That is to saye. For ePie Shire Rydeng Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Towne Boroughe Isle and Howshoulde, unto suche pson and psons as by his discrecbn and anye of the other w"‘ hym before named and appoynted, as is before reherced, shalbe thought sufficient, for the sessing and levieng of the saide twoe Subsidies in all Shires and Places accordinge to the true meanyng of this Acte; Whiche Comyssion for the first payment of the saide firste Subsidie, shalbe directed and delyvered to the saide Comyssioners or to one of them before the twentieth daye of August next comynge; And the Cdmyssion for the seconde payment of the saide first Subsidie, shalbe directed and delyvered to the saide Comyssioners or to one of them before the twentieth daye of August whiche shall be in the yeare of or Lord God 1590; And the Comyssion for the first payment of the saide seconde Subsidie shalbe directed and delyvered to the saide Comyssioners or to one of them before the twentieth daye of Awgust whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1591 ; And the Comyssion for the seconde payment of the saide seconde Subsidie shalbe directed and delyvered to the saide Comyssioners or to one of them before the twentieth daye of Awgust whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1592: And to ev'ie of the saide Comyssions, Tenne Scedules, conteyneng in them the Teno' of this Acte, shalbe affiled; By the whiche Chmyssion, the CSmyssioners in everie suche Comyssion named accordinge to this Acte, and as manye of them as shalbe appoynted by the saide Comyssion, shall have full Power and Awthoritie to put the Effecte of the same Comyssion in Execuc&n: And that by awthoritie of this Acte, after suche Comyssion to them directed, they maye by their Assentf and Agreementf sever themselves for the execu£6n of theire Comyssion, in Hundreds Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Pishes and other Places w^in the lymytes of theire saide C5myssion, in suche forme as to them shall seme expedient to be ordered, and betwene them to be comuned and agreed, accordinge to the teno' & effecte of the Comyssion to them therein directed, upon whiche severance e9ie pson of this present Pliament that shalbe Comyssyoner shalbe assigned into the Hundred where he dwelleth: Provided allwaies, That no pson be or shalbe compelled to be any Comyssioner to and for the Execufttn of this present Acte, but onlie in the Shyre where he dwelleth and inhabiteth; And that any pson assigned to the contrarie thereof in anye wise, shall not be compelled to put in Execution the effecte of this Acte or anye pte thereof.

And yt is also Inacted by the awthoritie of this present Pliament, That the Comyssioners and everie of theym whiche shalbe named lymyted and appoynted according to this Acte, to be Comyssyoners in everie suche Shire Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Towne Boroughe Ysle and the saide Howshoulde, or anye other place, and none other, shall truly effectuallie and diligentlie for theire ptes execute the effecte of this present Acte according to the Tenoure thereof in everie behalfe, and none otherwise by anye other meanes, wu,owt Oniyssion Favo' Dreade Mallice or any other thinge to be attempted or doon by them or anye of them to the contrarie thereof: And the saide Comyssyoners or as manye of them as shalbe appoynted by the saide Cdmyssion, and none other, for the Execucdn of the saide Cdmyssion and Acte, shall for the Taxac&n of the saide firste payment of the saide first Subsidie, before the lastc daye of Awgust next comyng, and for the Taxacftn of the saide seconde payment of the saide first Subsidie, shall before the laste daye of Awgust, whiche shall be in the yere of our Lord God 1590, and for the Taxac&n of the firste payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, shall before the laste daye of Awgust whiche shalbe in yere of o' Lord God 1591; And for the Taxac&n of the seconde payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, shall before the last daye of Awgust whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1592, by vertue of the Comyssion delyvered unto them in forme aforesaide, directe theire severall or joynte Precept or Preceptf unto eight seaven sixe fyve sour three or twoe, as for the number of the Inhabitant^ shalbe requysite, of the moste substanciall discreete and honest psons Inhabyt’untf, to be named by the saide Comyssyoners or by as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the saide Cdmyssion, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Pishes Townes and other Places, aswell w,hin Libties Francheses Awncyent Demesne Places exempted & Sanctuaries as w'howt, within the lymytes of the Shires Rydengf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes Boroughes and Isle aforesaide, and other Places w'uin the lymytes of theire Comyssion, and to the Constables Subconstables Bailieff and other like Officers and Mynisters of ePie of the saide Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Pishes and other Places aforesaide, as to the saide Comyssioners and everie number of them, or unto three or twoe of them by theire discretion in division, shall seeme expedient, as by the maner and use of those parties shall be requysite; Straightlie by the saide Precepte charginge and comaundinge the

Commiwiom shall be issued out of Chancery.

Commissioners may divide and act in their separate Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

IX. Commissioners shall act without Favour, .Vc.;

and shall at certain Periods in each Year summon Inhabitants Constables, &c. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

824

31° Eliz. c. 15

A.D. 1588-9.

x.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be charged to inquire and certify the Value of all Property, rateable to the said several Subsidies; on Penalty of j£$. tee.

Charge of the Commissioners to such Inquirers s

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificates, by such Inquirers;

Penalty of 40s. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify.

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments 1

Summoning Parties underrated s

saide Inhabit*untf Constables and other Officers aforesaide, to whome suche Precepte shalbe so directed, to appere in theire proper psons before the saide Comyssioners or suche number of them as they shall divide themselves, according to the teno' of the said Comyssion, at certayne Daies and Places by the saide Comyssioners or anye number of them as is aforesaide, within Citties Boroughes or Townes Corporate or w^owt, in anye other Places as is aforesaide, by theire discrecon shalbe lymyted thereunto, to doe and accomplishe all that to them on the partie of the Quenes Ma" shalbe enjoyned towchinge this Acte ; Comaunding further by the same Precept, that he to whose Hands suche Pceptf shall come, shall shewe and delyver the same to the other Inhabitant? or Officers named in the same fPcepte; And that none of them fayle to accomplishe the same, upon payne of Fowrtie Shilling? to be forfeited to the Quenes Ma"*.

And y* is further ordeyned by the awthoritie of this present Pliament, That at the saide daye and place prefixed1 and lymyted in the saide Precept, ev’ie of the Comyssyoners then being in the Shire, and havynge no sufficient excuse for his absence, at the daye and place prefixed for that parte whereunto he was lymyted, shall appere in his prop pson, and there the same C5myssyoners beinge present, or as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Ma'f Comyssion, shall call or cause to be called before them, the saide Inhabitant? and Officers to whome they have directed theire saide Precept?, and whiche had in comaundement there to appere by vertue of the saide Precepte; And yf anye pson so warned make defaulte, unles he then be letted by sicknes or lawfull excuse, and that lett then be wytnessed by the Othes of twoe credible p6ones. Or yf anye appereng refuse to serve in forme followenge, then everie suche pson so makinge defaulte or refuseng to serve, shall forfeicte to the Quenes Ma" fowrtie shilling?; and so at everie tyme appoynted by the saide Comyssioners for the same Taxac&n, unto suche tyme the nomber of everie suche p6ons have appered & certified in forme underwritten, everie of them so makinge defaulte or refusinge so to serve, shall forfeicte to the Quenes Ma" fowrtie shilling?: And upon the same Appereaunce hadd, they shalbe chardged before the CdmissyoSs by all convenyent waies and meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) to inquyre of the best and moste value of the Substance of everie pson dwelling and abydeng w,hin the lymytes of the Places that they shalbe chardged w,h, and of other whiche shall have his or theire most Resorte unto anye of the saide Places, and chargeable w® anye sume of Money by this Acte of the saide Subsidies, and of all other Thing? requysite towching the saide Acte, and according to the entent of the same; and thereupon as neere as yt maye be, or shall come to theire knowledge, w^owte respecte of any former Taxac&n heretofore hadd, trulie to present and certifie before the saide Comyssioners, the names & smames and the best and uttermost substaunce and values of everie of them, aswell of Land? Tenement? & other Hereditament? Possessions and Proffitt? as of Good? Cattells Debt? and other Thing? chargeable by the same Acte, withowte anye Concealement Love Favo' Affection Dreade or Mallice, upon payne of forfaicture of Fyve Pound? or more, to be taxed extracted and levied in forme as hereafter in this present Acte shalbe lymyted or appointed: And thereupon the saide Comyssioners shall openlie there reade or cawse to be readd unto them, the saide Rates in this Acte menc&ned, and openlie declare the effecte of theire charge unto them, in what maner & forme they ought and should make theire Certificate, accordinge to the Rates and Sumes thereof abovesaide, and of all maner of psons, aswell of Alyens and Straungers, Denizens or not Denizens, inhabiteng w^in this Realme, as of suche psons as bee borne under the Quenes Obeysaunce chargeable to this Acte, and of the Possessions Good? and Cattells of Fratemyties Guyldes Corporac&ns Brootherhoodes Misteries Comunalties & other as is abovesaide, and of psons beinge in the partes of beyonde the Seaes, having Good? and Cattells Land? or Tenement? within this Realme as is aforesaide, and of all Good? being in the custodie of anye pson or psons, to the use of anye other as is abovsaide; by the whiche informafftn and sheweing, the saide psons shoulde have suche playne knowledge of the true intente of this present Acte and of the maner of theire Certificate, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cawse to excuse them by ignoraunce : And after suche Chardge and the Statute of the saide Subsidies, and the manner of the saide Certificate to be made in wryteng, conteyneng in it the names and surnames of ePie pson, and whether he be borne wlhowt the Quenes Obeys*unce or wthin, and the best value of everie pson in everie degree, aswell of the yerelie value of Land? and Tenement? and of suche like Possessions and Proffitt? as the value of Good? and Cattells Debt? and everie thinge to theire Certificate requysite & necessarie to them declared, the saide Comyssyoners there beinge, shall by their discrec&ns apoynt and lymyte unto the saide psons another daye and place to appere before the saide Comyssioners; and chardgeing the saide psons that they in the meane tyme shall make diligent Inquyrie by all waies and meanes of the premisses, and then and theare everie of them, upon payne of forfaicture of fowrtie shilling? to the Quenes Ma", to appere at the saide newe prefixed daye and place, there to certifie unto the saide Comyssioners in wryteng according to theire saide Chardge, and according to the true entent of the saide Graunte of Subsidies, and as to them in maner aforesaide hathe bene declared and shewed by the Cdmyssioners: At whiche daye and place so to them prefixed, yf anye of the saide psons make defaulte, or appere and refuse to make the said Certificate, that then everie of them so offending to forfaicte to the Quenes Ma" fowrtie shilling?, Excepte there be a resonable excuse of his defaulte by reason of sickenes or otherwyse, by the Othes of twoe credible psons theare witnessed; & of suche as appere readie to make Certificate as is aforesaide, the saide Comyssioners there being, shall take and receyve the same Certificate and everie pte thereof, and the Names Values and Substaunce of e%e pson so certified: And yf the saide Comyssioners see cawse reasonable, they shall examyne the saide Presenters thereof, and thereupon the saide Comyssioners at the saide daies and place by theire Agreement amongest themselves, shall from tyme to tyme theare openlie prefixe a Daye at a certayne Place or Places w^in the lymytes of theire Comyssion by theire discrec&n, for theire further proceeding to the saide assessinge of the same Subsidies: And thereupon at the saide daye of the saide Certificate as is aforesaide taken, the same Comyssyoners shall make theire Precept or Precept?, to the Constables Subconstables Bailief? or other Officers of


A.D. 1588-9.

31°Eliz. c. 15.

825

to be examined, but not on Oath

suche Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other places aforesaide as the same Comyssyoners shall be of, compriseng and conteyneng in the saide Preceptf the names & Srnames of all psons pnted before them in the saide Certificate, of whome yf the saide Comyssioners or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Comyssion shall then have vehement suspecte to be of more greater value or substance in Lands Goods Cattells or sommes of Money oweng to them, or other substance beforesaide, then upon suche pson or psons so certified and specified as aforesaide, the same Comyssioners shall make theire Precept or Preceptf directed to the Constable Bailieff or other Officers, comaundinge the same Constables Bailieff or other Officers to whome suche Preceptf shall be directed, to warne suche psons whose names shalbe comprised in the saide Preceptf, at their Mansions, or to theire psons, that the same peons named in suche Preceptf, and everie of theym, shall psonallie appere before the saide Comyssioners at the same newe pfixeddaye and place, there to be examyned by all waies and meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) by the saide Comyssyoners, of theire greatest Substance and best value, and of all and everie sumes of Money oweng to them, and other whatsoever matter concemynge the premisses or anye of them accordinge to this Acte; at whiche daye & place so prefixed the saide Comyssioners then and there beinge, or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Comyssion, shall cawse to be called the saide psons whose names shalbe comprysed in the saide Precept as is aforesaide, for their examynac&n; And yf any of those psons whiche shalbe warned as is aforesaide to partje, not be examyned, whiche at anye tyme after the warnynge & before the prefixed daye shalbe w""in suche place ^mrftoSSei where he maye have knowledge of his saide Apper'unce to be made, make defaulte and appere not, unlesse a resonable cawse or ells a reasonable excuse by the Othes of twoe credible psons before the saide Comyssyoners be trulie alleaged for his dischardge, that then ePie of them so makinge default, to be taxed and chardged to the Quenes Ma01, wu and at the dowble sommes of the Rate that he shoulde or ought to have bene sett at, for and after the best value of his Lands or Substaunce upon hym certefied yf he hadd appeared, by the discrec&n of the CSmyssyoners there beinge; Whiche Comyssyoners shall travell w* everie of the other psons so then and theare appering, whose names shalbe expressed in the saide Precept or Preceptf, 8c in whome anye vehement suspecte was or shalbe hadd in forme aforsaide, by all suche waies & meanes as they can, (other then by corporall Othe,) for the better knowledge of theire best value, either in Hereditamentf or Possessions, or ells in Goods or Debts, and therupon shall have power and awthoritie by vertue of this Acte accordinge to theire discrec&ns to inlardgc and increase the taxac&n of suche pson as they shall so fynde by due examynac&n to be of greater value or substance in Lands or Goods then they weare presented at: And that everie Spirituall pson at ev’ie of the saide Taxac&ns of the said twoe Subsidies, shalbe rated and sett, according to the Rate abovesaide, of and for everie pownde that the same Spirituall p6on or anye other to his use, hathe by Discent Bargayne or Purchase, in Fee Symple Fee Tayle Terme of lief Terme of yeres by Execuc&n by Wardeshipp or by Coppye of Courte Rolle, in anye Manno" Lands Tenementf Rents S'vices Offices Fees Corrodies Annuyties or Hereditamentf, after the true just and yerelie value therof, and accordinge as other the Quenes Ma'f Subjects borne w’Nn this Realme be chardged, in forme above remembered, so that yt extende to the yerelie value of xx s. or above.

Parties appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath i

Rating Spiritual Pertona for their Lay Possessions.

And yt is further Inacted, That yf the saide Taxo™ or Assesso™ shall not dulie behave themselves in theire Inquyrie Taxac&n Assessement or Certificate, but shall affectionatlie corruptly or pciallie demeane themselves in that behalfe, in suche wise that the Comyssyoners shall by theire Considerations deme them Offendo" woorthie of punyshement for not doinge theire Duties therein, That then sour or more of the Comyssioners in that Cowntie for the same Subsidie, shall have power 8c awthoritie by their discrec&n, either to charge the saide Assesso" upon theire corporall Othes for the better service aforsaide in that behalfe, or else by theire discref&ns to taxe and sett upon everie of the saide Assesso™ for theire Mysdemeanures in that behalfe, suche a fyne or payne as they shall thyncke good, soe that yt excede not the sume of Tenne powndf; And the same fyne or payment at theire discrec&ns to estreate into the Courte of Exchequer; everie whiche Fyne so taxed and sett by sour of the saide Cdmyssyoners or more, and being estreated w'k the Scedule and Bookes of that lymytt, shalbe levied and awnswered to the Quenes use, in like maner and forme to all intentf and purposes as anye other sumes that shalbe taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute and Acte of Subsidie, and not in anye other wise or maner: And yf anye pson certefied or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether he be a Comyssyoner or other, to anye maner of value, dothe fynde himselfe grieved w"1 the same Presentment sessing or ratinge, and thereupon complayne to the Comyssyoners before whome he shalbe called sessed or taxed, or before twoe of them, before the same Taxac&n be certefied into the Courte of Exchequer, That then the saide Comyssyoners, or twoe of them, shall by all waies and meanes, examyne pticulerlie and distynctly the pson so complayneng, upon his Othe, and other his neighbo" by theire discrec&ns, of everie his I.andf and Tents above specyfied, and of everie his Goods Cattells and Debts above menc&ned; And after due examyna£&n 8c pfecte knowledge thereof hadd and pceyved by the saide Comyssyoners or twoe of them, whiche shall have power by

awthoritie aforesaide, the saide C5myssioners, or twoe of them to whome any suche Complaynte shalbe made, by their

discrec&n upon the Oathe of the saide pson so complayning, maye abate defalke encrease or inlarge the same

Assessementf according as yt shall appere unto them just upon the same Examynac&n; And the same sume so

abated defalked encreased or inlardged, shalbe by them estreated in forme as hereafter insueth: And yf yt be proved by wytnesses or by the parties owne Confession, or other lawful! waies or meanes, w^in a yere after anye suche Othe made, that the same pson so rated and sworne was of anye better or greater value in Lands Goods or other Things above specified at the tyme of his saide Othe, then the same pson so sworne did declare upon his saide Othe, that then everie suche pson so offendinge shall loose and forfeicte to the Quenes Ma"* soe moche lawfull Money of Englande as he the same pson so sworne was sett at or taxed to paye.

XL

Commissioners may fine Assessors for Nrglect, ire. not exceeding £\ o, &c.

Commissioners on Complaint, on Oath of Partiet,See. may decrease or increase Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.


to A

826

31° Eliz. c. 15.

A.D. 1588-9.

xii.

Pirtieiihall be rated where dwelling, &c.

Commissioners, within Shires; Absentees, where last abiding;

according to the highest Rate, Sic.

Relief against Double Charges.

XIII. Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, &c.

None shall be doubly charged.

XIV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced

Penalty on Erasion under such Pretext, &c. Double Rate.

XV. Commissioners shall assess themselves and the Assessors.

And also yt is Inacted by the same Awthoritie, That everie pson to be rated at the saide Taxac&n as is aforesaide, shalbe rated taxed and sett, and the some on hym sett to be levied, at suche place wheare he and his famylie at the tyme of the same Presentment to be made, shall keepe his Howse or Dwellinge, or where he then shalbe most conversaunt abideng or resiant, or shall have his moste resorte at the tyme of the saide Certificate to be made, and no wheare else: And that no Comyssioner for theis Subsidies shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or La»df but in the Shire or other Place where he shalbe Comyssyoner; And that yf anye pson chargeable to this Acte at the tyme of the same Assessinge happen to be owte of this Realme and owt of Wales, or farre from the place where he shalbe knowen, then he to be sett wheare he was laste abydenge in this Realme or w'^in Wales, and after the Substance Value and other Proffittf of e^ie pson to be knowen by the Examynac&n Certificate or other maner of wise as is aforesaide; And that the saide Comyssyoners or as manye of them as shalbe appoynted by the Quenes Ma'f Comyssion or Comyssions, shall after the Rate and Rates aforesaide, cawse ev*ie pson to be sett rated and taxed according to the Rate of the Substaunce and Value of his Lands Goods Cattells & other Proffittf chargeable by this Acte, wherby the greatest or most best sume or sumes according to his most substance by reason of this Acte might or maye be sett or taxed: And that everie pson taxed in anye Countie or Place, other then where he is moste resiante, or hathe his Famylie, in anye Cowntie or Place other than where he is a Comyssioner for the Subsidie, yf he be a Comyssyoner, upon Certificate made to the saide Courte of Exchequer under the Hands and Seales of twoe Comyssyoners for the same Subsidie in the same Cowntie or Place, where suche pson is moste resiante or hathe his Famylie, or where he is a Comyssyoner for the Taxac&n and Payment of theis Subsidies, tesdfieng suche his most Resiance, havinge of Famylie, or beinge a Comyssioner, shalbe a sufficient Dischardge for the Taxac&n of that pson in all other places, and of & for all other sumes of Mony upon suche psons so sett and taxed, save onlie the Taxac&n made in that Countie or Place from whiche suche Certificate shalbe made as is aforesaide, and for the sume of money upon suche psons there assessed or taxed; And that suche Certificate wthowt anye Plea or other Circumstance, shalbe a sufficient Warr‘unte aswell to the Barons and Awdito' and Awdito" of the saide Courte of Exchequer as to all and everie other Officers to whome the Allow*unce therof shall appteigne, payeng for suche Dischardge and Allowance onlie sixe pence 8c no more.

Provided allwaies, That everie suche pson whiche shalbe rated or taxed according to the intent and true meanyng of this Acte, for payment of and to this Subsidie, for and after the yerelie value of his Lands Teiiementf and other Reall Possessions or Proffittf at anye of the saide Taxac&ns, shall not after be sett & rated for his Goods and Cattells or other moveable Substance at the same Taxac&n; and that he that shalbe sett charged or taxed for the same Subsidies for his Goods Cattells 8c other Moveables at any of the said Taxac&ns according to the true meanynge of this Acte, shall not after be chardged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Proffittf abovesaide, at the same Taxac&ns or any of them; Nor that any pson by anye Taxac&n be dowble chardged for the saide Subsidies, nor sett or taxed at severall Places by reason of this Acte; But yf anye pson happen to be dowble sett taxed or chardged either in one place or at severall places, then he to be discharged of the one Taxac&n and chardged w* the other, accordinge to the meanyng and entent of this Acte; Any Thinge conteyned in this pnte Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And that yt be ordeyned and Inacted by the saide Awthoritie of this present Pliament, That no pson havinge twoe Mansions or twoe Places to resorte unto, or calling hymselfe Howshoulde Servante or Wayting Servante to the Quenes Ma"* or other Lorde or Ladye Maister or Maistres, be excused upon his sayenge from the Taxes of the saide Subsidies in neither of the Places wheare he maye be sett or taxed, unlesse he bring a Certificate in wryteng from the Comyssyoners wheare that he is so sett or taxed in deede at one place; And yf anye pson that ought to be sett and taxed to theis present Subsidies by reason of his removeng or resorteng to twoe places, or by reason of his sayeng that he elsewheare was taxed, or by reason of anye privilege, of his dwelinge or abydeng in anye place not being foreprised in this Acte, or otherwise by his Covyn or C-rafte, or by any Woordf or Sayengf or otherwise, Or yf anye that is a Comyssyoner or Assesso' of others, happen to escape from the saide Taxac&ns for the payment of theisc Subsidies or anye of them, and be not sett and taxed according to the true intent of this Acte, and that proved by Presentin' Examynac&n Informac&n or otherwise before the saide Comyssyoners or twoe of them, or before the Barons of the Quenes Ma'f Exchequer or twoe Justices of the Peace of the Countie wheare suche pson dwelleth; then everie suche pson that, by suche meanes or otherwise, willinglie by Covyn or w‘uowt just cawse, shall happen to escape from the saide Taxac&ns or Paymentf aforesaide or anye of them, and shall not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof, wlh and at the dowble valewe of so moche as he should might or ought to have bene sett and taxed at by vertue of this Acte; And the same dowble value to be levyed gathered and paied of his Goods and Chattells Lands and Tenementf towards the saide Subsidies, and further to be punyshed according to the discrec&ns of the Barons Justicf and Comyssyoners before whome he shalbe convicted for his Offence and Deceipt in that behalfe.

And be yt further Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide. That the saide Comyssyoners in everie Comyssion whiche shall be or inhabite in anye Countie or Place w^in the Lymytes of theire Comission, or the more parte of them, shall have full power and awthoritie by this Acte to sett taxe and sesse everie other Comyssioner joyned w"1 them in everie suche Comyssion, and the saide Comyssioners w^in everie Dyvision shall also assesse ev^ie Assesso' w^in theire Divisyon for his or theire Goods Lands and other the Premisses as is abovesaide; By the whiche saide Comyssion


f.2).1588-<>.

31° Eliz. c. 15

827

he aide Comyssyoners to whome yt shall appteyne, shall indifferentlie sett taxe & assesse themselves and the saide Assesso's; and that aswell the sumes upon everie of the aide Cdmyssyoners and Assesso'* so sessed rated and taxed, as the summes made and presented by the Presento" as is abovesaide, shalbe written certified sett Sc estreated, and the Estreates thereof to be made, w,h other the Inhabit*untf of that partes w,hin the Lymytes of the same Comyssion and Division so to be gathered and levied, in like maner as yt ought or shoulde have bene yf the saide Comyssyoners hadd not bene in the aide Comission.

And that all psons of the Estate of a Baron or Barons, and everie Estate above, shalbe charged w"" theire Freehoulde and Value as is aforesaide, by the Chauncello' or Lorde Kep of the Greate Sale of Englande, the Highe Treasowrer of Englande for the tyme beinge, or one of them, together w"1 other suche psons as by the Quenes Maf Awthoride or Comaundement shalbe named and appoynted, and they to be chardged for the saide severall paymentf of the saide Subsidies after the forme of the saide Graunte, according to the Taxac&n aforesaide; And the sume of and upon them to be sett and taxed, w,h the Names of the Collecto" appoynted for the gatheringe and payeng of the same, to bee estreated delyvered and certified at daies and places above specified by the Lorde Chauncello' or Kep of the Greate Seale and Lorde Treasourer or one of them, together w,h other suche psons as thereunto shalbe named as is aforesaide.

And be yt further Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide, That after the Taxes and Assesses of the saide sumes upon and by the saide Assessinge and Certificate as is aforesaide made, the saide Comissyoners or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted, and have Awthoritie by the Quenes Ma'f Comyssion, shall w"1 all speede and w*owt delaye, by theire Wryteng, estreate the saide Taxe thereof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the saide Comissyoners or as manye of them as shalbe appointed at the leaste, And the same shall delyver unto sufficient and substantial! Inhabit*untf Constables Subconstables Bailieff and other Officers joyntlie, of Hundreds Townes Pishes and other Places aforesaide w'Mn theire Lymytes, and to other sufficient psons Inhabifuntf of the same onlie, by the discrec&n of the saide Comyssyoners w* the Assent of the High Collecto', and as the place and parties shall requyre, aswell the pticuler Names and Surnames as the Remembr*unce of all the sumes of Money taxed and sett of and upon e9ie pson aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Howsholders and all other Inhabit’untf and Dwellers w,hin the saide Pishes Townes and Places contributorie to this Acte of Subsidie; By Awthoritie of whiche Writeng & Estreate so delyvered, the saide Officers and other persons so named and deputed, sev’allie shall have full Power and Awthoritie by vertue of this Acte, ymediatly after the delyverie of the saide Wry tenge or Estreate, to demaunde levie and gather of ev^ie pson therein specified the sume and sumes in the same Writeng or Estreate comprised. And for non payment thereof to distreyne the same pson or psons so beinge behynde, by theire Goods and Cattells, and the Distresse so taken to kepe by the space of eight daies, at the Costs and Chardgf of the Owno' thereof; And yf the saide Owno' do not paye suche somme of Money as shalbe taxed by Awthoritie of this Acte w,hin the same Eight daies, then the same Distresse to be appraysed by sour three or twoe of the Inhabit’untf wheare suche Distresse is taken, and also then to be soulde by the Constable or other Collecto" for the payment of the saide Money, and the Overplus comyng of the sale and keeping thereof (yf anye be! to be ymediatlie restored to the Owno' of the same Distresse; whiche saide Officers and other psons so deputed to aske take gather and levie the saide sumes, shall aunswere and be chardged for the portion onlie to them assigned and lymyted, to be gathered levied and comprised in the saide writeng or estreate so to them as is aforesaide delyvered, to the use of o’ Sov’aigne Ladie the Quenes Mau* and her Heires and Successo"; And the saide summe in that wryteng or estreate comprised, to paye unto the High Collecto' or Collecto" of that place for the Collection of the same, in maner & forme underwritten thereunto to be named and deputed; and the same Inhabit*untf & Officers so gatheringe the same pticuler Sumes, for theire Collection thereof, shall retayne for evie xx s. so by them received and paied, twoe pence; and that to be allowed at the payment of theire Collection by them to be made to the Highe Collecto' or Collecto".

And further be yt Inacted by the saide awthoritie, That the saide Comyssyoners, or the more pte of them as shall take upon them the Execucftn and Busynes of the saide Comyssion, shall for ePie of the saide Paymentf of the saide Subsidies, name suche sufficient and able psons whiche then shall have and possesse Lands k other Hereditamentf in theire owne Right of the clere yerelie value of fowrtie powndf, or Goods to the value of CCCC !i. at the leaste, as he shalbe taxed in the Subsidie Booke, yf anye suche be in the saide lymytes, and for want of suche so assessed, then those to be appoynted Collecto" that then shalbe sufficient, and rated and taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Lands or Goods nerest to the values aforesaide, as by theire discretions shalbe thought good, in Shires Rydengf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places, aswell w,:,in places privileged as w,howt, not being foreprised wlhin this Acte, to be Highe Collecto", and to have the Collection and Receipte of the saide summes sett and leviable w^in the Precyncte Lymyttf and Bowndf where they shalbe so lymyted and appoynted to be Highe Collecto"; And to everie of the saide Collecto" so severallie named, the saide Comyssioners, or twoe of them at the leaste, wUl all speede and w*"owt delaye, after the saide whole some of anye payment of the saide Subsidies be sett by all the lymyttf of the same their Comyssion, or in suche lymyttf as the Highe Collecto" shalbe so severallie assigned, shall under theire Seales and Signe Manuell delyver one Estreate indented in Pchement, compriseng in yt the names of all suche psons as weare assigned to levie the saide pticuler sumes, and the sumes of ev’ie Hundred Wapentake Towne and other Place aforesaide, w,h the Names and Surnames of

XVI. Petri shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Trtaiurer, See.

XVII.

After Assessment, Eft rents shall he deliver'd by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed, by Distress See. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

XVIII. Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums so levied.

Original from PENN STATE

828

31° Eliz. c. 15.

A.D. 1588-9.

XIX.

High Collectors shall enter into Recognizances to pay Sums received by them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commissioners;

Penalty on Ncslect in certifying, Jlio; on Neglect of Recognizance, £20.

High Collectors shall cal) on Constables, &c. to pay Money levied, allowing t hem id,per Pound.

On Failure, Constables, 8tc. may be distrained.

the psons so chargeable, according to the Estreat so firste thereof made and delyvered as is aforesaide: And the Collecto" so to be assigned, shalbe charged to aunswere the whole sume comprised in the 6aide Estreate lymyted to his Collection as is aforesaide.

Provided allwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthority aforsaide, That the saide Comyssyoners havinge awthoritie by this Acte to name and nomynate the saide Highe Collecto" of either of the saide Subsidies, shall ymediatlie upon the Nomynab&n and Election, take by Awthority of this present Pliament, sufficient Recognizaunces or Obligacons, w'howt anye Fee or Rewarde to be paied therefore, of ev^e pson so by them to be named to bee Highe Collecto', to be bounde to the Quenes Ma'te in the dowble summe of the summe of his Collection, and

to be indorsed and made upon suche Condic&n, That is to saye; For the Collection of the saide first payment

of the saide firste Subsidie, That yf the saide Collecto' his Heires or Executo" do truly content and paye to the use of the Quenes Ma"' her Heires or Successo" in the Receipte of the saide Exchequer, at or before the saide twelveth daye of Februarie whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1589, so moche of the saide somme of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collecction, as he shall collecte and gather, and content & paye the Residue of his Collection and Charge w,hin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recognizances or Obligacbns to be voied, or ells to stande in full strengthe and vertue; And for the Collection of the seconde payment of the saide first Subsidie, upon condicon that yf the saide Collecto1 his Heires or Executo'* do truly content and paye to the use of the Quenes Ma"* her Heyres or Successo", in her Receipte of the Exchequer at or before the saide twelveth daye of

Februarie, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1590, somoche of the saide summe of Money allotted

and appoynted to his Collection, as he shall collecte and gather, and content and paye the Residue of his Collection and Charge, wthin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recogniz'uncf or Obligacons to bee voied, or ells to stande in full strengthe and vertue; And for the Collection of the saide first payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, upon condicon that yf the saide Collecto' his Heires or Executo" do trulie content and paye to the use of the Quenes Ma"' her Heires or Successo" in her Receipte of Exchequer at or before the saide xijlh daye of February whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1591, somoche of the saide summe of Money allotted & apoynted to his Collection as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and paye the Residue of his Collection & Charge w,hin one Moneth next

after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recogniz‘uncf or

Obligations to bee voied or ells to stande in full strength & vertue ; And for the Collection of the saide

seconde Payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, upon Condic&n that yf the saide Collecto' his Heires or

Executo" doe trulie content and paye to the use of the Quenes Ma"' her Heires or Successo" in her Receipte of Exchequer at or before the saide twelveth daye of Februarie whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1592, somuche of the saide sume of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection as he shall collecte and gather, and content and paye the Residue of his Collection and Charge within oone Moneth next after suche tyme as hee hathe gathered & collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recognizance or Obligac&n to be voied or ells to stande in full strengthe and vertue: Whiche saide sePall Recogniz'uncf or Obligations so taken, the saide ComissioSs shall sePallie certifie and delyver into the Quenes Ma'f Exchequer, w,h the severall Certificates of the saide TaxacOns and Rates of the payment of the saide twoe Subsidie, at and by the tyme to them prescribed and appoynted by this Acte for the Certificate of the saide severall Taxacbns of the saide Subsidie; upon payne of Forfaicture of Tenne Powndes to the Quenes Ma"' for everie Recogniz'unce or ObligacOn not certified; And that everie suche Collecto' so elected named and chosen, upon Request to hym made, shall knowledge and make the saide Recogniz'unce or ObligacOn, upon payne and forfeiture of Twentie powndf to the Quenes Ma"' for the refuzall thereof: And that the Threr and Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme beinge, upon payment of the saide severall Collections of the saide Subsidies at the Daies and Tymes herein lymyted lor the payment thereof, shall cancell and delyver the Recognizances or Obligafons for the payment therof to the Collecto' or Collecto", w,howt anye other Warr'unte, and w"‘owt any Fee or Rewarde to be paied for the same to anye pson: And e$ie Collecto' so deputed having the saide Estreate in Pchement as is aforesaide, shall have Awthoritie by this Acte to appoynte Dayes and Places w,hin the Circuyte of his Collection for the Paym* of the saide Subsidies to hym to be made, and therof to give wamynge by ProclamacOn or

otherwise, to all the Constables or other Psons or Inhabit'untf having the Charge of the pticuler Collection w,hin the Hundred f Pishes Townes or other Places by hym or them lymyted, to make Payment for the

saide pticuler Collection of e$ie some as to them shall appteyne; And yf at the same Daye & Place so lymyted

and prefixed by the saide High Collecto', the saide Constable Officers or other Psons or Inhabit'untf as is

aforesaid, for the saide pticuler Collection assigned and appoynted w,hin suche Hundred Cittie Towne or other Place, do not paye unto the saide Highe Collecto" the summe w^in theire severall Hundreds Townes Pishes and other Places, due and comprised in the saide Estreate therof to them delyvered by the saide Comyssyoners or some of them as is aforesaide, or somoche thereof as they have by anye meanes receyved, (Two pence for everie pownde for the saide pticuler Collection as is aforesaide allwaies thereof to be allowed excepted and abated,) That then yt shalbe lawfull to the saide Highe Collecto" and everie of them and to theire Assignes, to distreyne everie of the saide Constables Officers and other Inhabit'untf, for theire saide severall and pticuler Collection of the saide summes comprised in the saide Estreate and Wryteng thereof to them & everie of them as is before expressed delyvered, or for somoche of the same summe as so then shall happen to be gathered and levied and behynde


Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 15

829

and unpaied, by the Goods and Chattells of everie of them so beeing behynde ; And the Distresse so taken to be kepte appraised and soulde as is aforesaide, and thereof to take and levie the summes so then being behynde and unpaied; And the overplus comynge of the sale of the saide Distresse (yf anye be) to be restored and delyvered unto the Owno' in forme above remembred.

Provided allwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That no pson or psons shalbe nomynated or appoynted to be a Highe Collecto' or Collecto" for the seconde payment of any Fiftenthe Tenthe or Subsidies graunted by this Acte, whiche before that tyme hathe bene a Collecto' or Collecto" for the first payment of anye pte of the same Fiftene Tenthe or Subsidies, unlesse suche pson or psons so to be nomynated and appoynted Highe Collecto' or Collecto" for the saide seconde payment, doe first shewe foorthe before hym or them by whom he shalbe so noiated and appoynted, his Quietus est for the discharge of his Collection before appoynted to his Charge, upon payne of One Hundreth Powndf to be paied and forfaicted by hym or them that so shall nomynate and appoynte anye suche Collecto' contrarye to this present Acte.

AA.

Collectors of the first Payment shall not be named Collectors of the Second, without producing their Quietus for the First.

XXI.

Provided allwaies, That no pson inhabiteng in any Citde Boroughe orTowne Corporate, shalbe compelled to be any Assessors and Assesso' or Collecto', of or for anye pte of the saide Subsidies, in anye Place or Places owt of the saide Cittie be°lnhab^tanu! Boroughe or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

And yt is also by the saide Awthoritie Inacted, That yf anie Inhabit'untf or Officer, or whatsoever pson or psons charged to and for the Collection & Receipte of any prte or portion of the saide Subsidies by anye maner of meanes according to this Acte, or any pson or psons, for themselves or as Keep Gardian Deputie Facto' or Atto'ney of or for anye other pson or psons, of anye Goods and Cattells of the Owno' thereof, at the tyme of the saide Assessinge to be paied, beinge owte of this Realme or in anye other partes not knowen, or of and for the Goods & Cattells of anye other pson or psons, of anye Corporaf&n Fratemytie Misterie or other whatsoever C5munaltie, being Corporate or not Corporate, and all psons having in theire Rule Govern'unce and Custodie, any Goods or Cattells at the tyme of the saide Assessinge or anye of them to be made, Or whiche for anie Cawse for and by Collection, or for hymself or for anye other, or by reason that he hathe the Rule Govem"nce or Custodie of anye Goods or Cattells of anye other pson or psons, Corporacbn Comunaltie Fratemytie Guylde or Misterie, or any suche other like, or as Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney of or for any pson, shalbe taxed rated valued and sett to any summe or summes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxac&n or assessing upon any suche pson or psons as shalbe charged w"1 the Receipt of the same, happen to dye, or depte from the place where he was so taxed and sett, or his Goods or Cattells be so eloyned or in suche privey & coverte maner kepte, as the saide pson or psons charged wtt the same, by Estreates or other Wrytengf from the saide Comyssyoners, or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the saide Cornyssion as is aforsaide, can ne maye levie the same summe or summes comprised w,hin the same Estreates, by Distresse w^in the lymytes of theire Collection as is aforesaide, or cannot sell suche Distresse or Distresses as be taken for anye of the saide paymentf, before the tyme lymyted to the Highe Collecto' for his payment to be made in the Quenes Ma'f Receipte, Then upon relacon thereof w,h due Examynacon by the Oathe or ExamynaciSn of suche pson or psons as shalbe chardged w*" and for the Receipte and Collection of the same, before the saide Comyssyoners, or as manye of them as by the saide Comyssyon shalbe thereunto appoynted, wheare suche pson or psons or other as is aforesaide theire Goods and Cattells weare sett and taxed, and upon playne Certificate thereof made in the Quenes Ma'f Exchequo' by the same Comyssioners, aswell of the dwellinge place names and sumes of the said psons of whome the saide summes cannot be levied and hadd as is aforesaide, then aswell the Constables and other Inhabit'untf appoynted for the same pdculer Collection, against the Highe Collecto", as the Highe Collecto' upon his Accompte and Oathe in the saide Excheq', to be discharged thereof; and proces to be made for the Quenes Ma*" owte of the saide Exchequer, by the discrec&n of the Barons of the saide Exchequer against suche pson, his Heires or Executo" so being behinde w,h his payment: And over that, the same Comyssioners, to whome anye suche Declarac&n of the pmisses shalbe made in forme aforesaide, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and awthoritie to directe theire Precepte or Preceptf unto the saide pson or psons charged w"‘ any summe of for and upon any suche pson and psons or other as is aforesaide, or to anye Shirief Stewarde Bailief or other whatsoever Officer Mynyster pson or psons of suche place or places wheare any suche pson or psons so oweng suche summe or summes shall have Lands and Tenementf or other Hereditamentf or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattails, whereby any suche pson or psons so indebted, his Heires Executo" or Assignees or other having the Custodie Governance or Disposictm of any Goods Cattells Lands or Tenementf or other Hereditam'f, whiche ought or maye by this Acte lawfully be distreyned or taken for the same, hathe and shall have Goods Cattells Lands Tenementf or other Possessions, whereof suche summe or summes whiche by anye suche pson or psons maye or ought to be levied, be yt w,hin the lymyttf of suche Comission wheare suche pson or psons was or weare taxed, or w,howt, in anye place w,hin this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Ma'f Domynyons Marches or Territories; By whiche Precepte aswell suche pson or psons shalbe chardged to levie suche Money, as the Officer of the Place or Places where suche Distresse may be taken, shall have full Power and Awthoritie to distreigne ev^e suche pson indebted charged or chargeable by this Acte, or his Executo" or Admynystrato" of his Goods and Cattells, his Gardians Facto" Deputies Leassees Fermo" & Assignees, and all other psons by whose Hands or owte of whose Lands anye suche pson shoulde have Fee Rent Anuytie or other Proffitt, or whiche at the tyme of the saide assessinge, shall have Goods or Cattells or anye other thinge moveable of anye suche pson or psons beinge indebted

XXII. IncaseofDeath,&c. of Collectors, or Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming. HighCollectors,&c. shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.

Commissioners may issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, &c. of Parties liable, who may retain the same out of their Rents, &c.


to B

830

31° Eliz. c. 15.

A.D. 1588-9,

On Failure of any tuch Distress, Commissioners may itiue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment [

Like Process against Persons chargeable for others;

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer 5

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or to be examined, or being guilty of any MisbehaTiour, may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

or owynge suche summe; And the Distresses so taken, cawse to be kepte appraised and soulde, in like tnaner and forme as is aforesaide for the Distresse to be taken upon suche psons to be taxed to the saide Subsidies, and being sufficient to distreyne w°"in the Lymyttf of the Collecto" Inhabit'untf or other Officers charged w* or for the saide summes so upon them to be taxed; And yf anye suche Distres for non payment happen to be taken owt of the Jymytt of the saide psons charged & assigned to levie the same, the psons so charged for the levie of anye suche summes by Distresse, shall pceive and take by the same Distresse, for the Labo' of everie pson goyng for the execuf&n thereof, for everie Myle that anye suche pson so laboureth for the same, Twoe pence; And everie Farmo' Ten*nte Gardian Facto' or other whatsoever pson, being distreigned or otherwise charged for payment of anye suche summe or sumes, or anye other summe by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche summe or summes, of hym or them so levied & taken, discharged and acquyted at his next daye of payment of the same, or at the delyv’ie of suche Goods and Cattells as he that is so distreyned hadd in his Custodie or Governance, againste hym or them that shalbe so taxed and sett; Any Graunte or Writing Obligatorie or other whatsoever Matter to the contrarie made heretofore notwithstandinge: And yf any suche pson that shoulde be so distreyned, have no Lands or Tenementf sufficient, whereby he or his Ten*ntf and Fermo" maye be distreyned, or have alyened eloyned or hidd his Goods and Cattells wherebie he shoulde or might be distreyned, in suche maner that suche Goods and Cattells shoulde not be knowen or fownde, so that the summe of or by hym to be paied in the saide forme, shall ne can be convenyentlie levied. Then upon relac&n thereof to the Comyssioners or to as manye of them as by the saide C5myssion shalbe thereunto appoynted, where suche pson or psons was taxed and sett, by the Othes of hym or them that shalbe charged wth the levie and payment of that sume or sumes, The same Comyssioners shall make a Precept in suche manner as is aforesaide, for to attache take and arrest the bodie of suche pson or psons that ought to paye the saide summes and by this Acte shalbe chardged w,h and for the saide summe & summes ; And them so taken safelie to keepe in prison w*^ the Shire or other Place wheare anye suche pson or psons shalbe taken and attached, theare to remayne w'fowte Baile or Mayneprise, untill hee hathe paide the saide summe or summes, that suche pson for hymself or for any other by this Acte shalbe chargeable or ought to be charged w^all, and also for the Fees of ePie suche Arrest to hym or them that shall execute suche Precept, Twentie pence; And that everie Officer unto whome suche Precept shalbe directed, do his true diligence and execute the same upon everie pson so being indebted, upon payne to forfaicte to the Quenes Mau* for everie default in that behalfe, Twentie shillingf; And that no Keep of anye Gaole, from his Gaole suffer anye suche pson to goe at large by letting to Baile, or otherwise to depte owte of his Prison,

before he have paied his saide Debte and the saide twentie pence for the saide Arrest, upon payne to forfeicte to

the Quenes Ma"* fowrtie shillingf, And the same Gaoler to paye to the Quenes Ma,ie the dowble value, aswell of the Rate whiche the saied pson so ymprsioned was taxed at, as of the saide twentie pence for the Fees : And like Proces and Remedye in like forme shalbe graunted by the saide Comyssyoners, or as many of them as by the saide Comyssion shalbe thereunto appoynted, at like InformaciSn of ePie pson or psons being charged w,h any summe of Money for any other pson or psons by reason of the saide Subsidies, and not thereof paied, but willfullie w'Mrawen, nor the same leviable w,hin the lymyttf where suche psons weare thereunto taxed : And yf the summe or summes, being behynde unpaied by any pson or psons as is aforesaide, be levied and gathered by force of the saide Processe to be made by the saide Comyssyoners, or yf in default or for lacke of Payment thereof,

the pson or psons so owyng the saide summe or summes of Money, by Proces of the same Comyssyoners to be

made as is aforesaide, be comytted to Prison in forme abovesaide, that then the saide Comyssyoners whiche shall awarde suche Proces, shall make Certificate thereof in the saide Exchequer of that shalbe doon in the Premisses, in the Terme next followeng after suche summe or summes of Money so beinge behynde shalbe levied and gathered, or suche pson or psons for non payment of the same cdmytted to Prison: And yf yt happen anye of the saide Collecto" to be assigned, or anye Maio" Sherieff Stewardf Constables the Hedburoughe Bursholder Bailief or anye other Officer or Mynister or other whatsoever pson or psons, to disobey the saide Comyssyoners or anye of them, in the reasonable request to them made by the saide Comyssioners for execueon of the saide Comission, Or yf any of the Officers or other psons doe refuse that to them shall appteyne and belonge to doe by reason of any Precept to hym or them to be directed, or any resonable Comaundement Instance or Request towchinge the Premisses, or other defaulte in anye Apparaunce or Collection to make, or yf anye pson, being

suspecte not to be indifferentlie taxed as is aforesaide, do refuse to be examyned according to the teno' of this

Acte before the saide Comyssioners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaide, or will not appere before the same Comyssioners upon warning to hym made, or ells make Resistaunce or Rescous upon anye Distresse upon hym to be taken for anye pcell of the saide Subsidies, or comytt anye mysbehaveo' in anye maner of wise contrarie to this Acte, or comytt any wilfull omyssion or other whatsoever wilfull not doinge or mysdoing, contrarie to the teno' of this Acte or Graunt; the same Comyssioners and everie nomber of them above remembred, or twoe of them at the leaste, upon probable knowledge of any suche misdemeano" hadd by Informacbn or Examynac&n, shall and maye sett upon everie suche Offendo' for everie suche Offence, in the name of a Fyne by the same Offendo' to be forfeicted, fowrtie shillingf or under, by discrec&n of the same Comyssyoners; And further, the same Comyssioners, and everie nomber of them or twoe of them at the leaste, shall have awthority by this present Acte, to punyshe ePie suche Offendo' by ymprisonment, there to remayne and to be delyvered by theire discrec&n as shall seeme to them convenyent; the saide Fynes, yf anye suche be, to be certefied by the saide Comyssioners that so assessed the same, into the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequer, there to be levied and paied by the

Collecto" of that pries for the saide Subsidies retoumed into the saide Exchequer, to be therw*1’ charged w"1 the

payment of the saide Subsidies, in suche maner as yf the saide Fynes had bene sett and taxed upon the saide Offendo" for the saide Subsidies.


A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 15.

831


it

k

k

k

k

i

i

i



k

i

I

And yt it also Inacted by the saide Awthoritie of this present Pliament, That everie of the saide Highe Collecto" whiche shall accompt for anye pte of the saide Subsidies in the saide Exchequer, upon theire severall Accomptf to be yelden, shalbe allowed at everie of the saide Paymentf of the saide Subsidies, for evta pownde lymyted to his Collection whereof any suche Collecto' shall be chardged and yeelde Accompt, Sixe pence, as pcell of theire Chardge; that is to saye, of everie pownde thereof for suche pson as then have hadd the pticuler Collection of the Townes and other Places as is aforesaide specified in his Collection, twoe pence; and other twoe pence of e9ie pownde thereof, everie of the saide Chief Collecto" or theire Accompt*untf to retayne to theire owne use for theire Labour and Charge in and abowte the Premisses; and twoe pence of ev'ie pownde residue to be delyvered allowed and paied by the saide Collecto' so beinge thereof allowed, to suche of the Comyssioners as shall take upon them the busynes & labo' for and abowt the premisses; that is to saye, ev*ie Collecto' to paye that Cdmyssyoner or Comyssioners whiche hadd the orderinge of the wrytingf of and for either of the saide Subsidies where the saide

Collecto' or Collecto" hadd theire Collection, for the expences for the saide Comyssyoners so taking upon them the

saide busynes, and labour of theire Clarkf writeng the saide Preceptf and Extractf of the saide Collections; the same laste twoe pence of e&e pownde, to be divided amongest the saide Comyssioners, havinge Regarde to theire labour and busynes taken by them and theire saide Clarkf in and abowt the premisses ; for whiche pte so to the saide Comissioners appteynenge, the saide C5missioners, sixe fyve sour three or twoe or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Ma'f Comyssion, and everie of them, joyntlie and severallie for his and theire saide pte, maye have his Remedie against the saide Collecto' or Collecto" whiche thereof bene or might have bene allowed, by Action of Debte, in whiche the Defendant shall not waige his Lawe, neither Protec c&n neither Injunction or Essoyne shalbe allowed.

And that no pson nowe beinge of the number of the Company of this present Pliament, nor any Comyssioner, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collecto' or Subcollecto' or Presento' of the saide Subsidies, or of anye pte thereof; nor no Comyssioners shalbe compelled to make anye pntment or Certificate, other then in the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequer, of for or concemynge the saide Subsidies or anye pte or pcell thereof; and likewise that no other pson that shalbe named and assigned to be Chmyssioners in anye place to and for the execuc&n of this Acte of Subsidie, be or shalbe assigned or named Head Collecto' of anye of the paym'f of the saide Subsidies, neither of anye pte thereof; And that e9ye suche pson or psons wch shalbe named & appoynted as is aforesaide to be Head Collecto" of and for the first payment of the first Subsidie, or anye pte thereof, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the seconde payment of the same Subsidie, nor for anye pte thereof; And he that shalbe named or appoynted as aforesaide to be Collecto' for the first payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, or of anye pte thereof, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the seconde payment of the same Subsidie, or of anye pte thereof:

And the saide Collecto" whiche shalbe assigned for the Collection of the saide twoe Subsidies, or for anye pte

thereof, and every of them, be and shalbe acquyted and discharged of all maner Fees Rewardf and of everie other Charges in the Quenes Ma'f Exchequer or elswheare, of them or anye of them, by reason of that Collection Payment or Accomptf or anye thinge concernynge the same to be asked; and that yf anye pson receyve or take anye Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of anye suche Accomptaunte, or use anye unneccssarie delaye in theire Accompte, that then he shall forfeicte to the Quenes Ma"* for ev'ie pennye or value of e&e penye woorth so taken, fyve shillingf, and fyve powndf to the partie grieved for ev'ye suche delaye, and suffer Ymprysonment at the Quenes Ma'f Pleasure.

And after eiche taxinge and assessinge of the saide severall Subsidies (as is aforesaide) had or made, and the saide Extractf therof in Pchement, unto the Collecto' in maner and forme before reherced delyvered, the saide Comissyoners w* shall take upon them the execuc&n of this Acte w^in the lymyttf of theire Comyssion, by theire Agreementf shall have meeting together, at whiche meednge ev*ie of the saide Comyssioners whiche then shall have taken upon them the execuc&n of anye pte of the saide Comyssion, shall by hymselfe or his sufficient Deputie, trulie certifie and bring foorthe unto the saide Comyssyoners named in the sayde Comyssion, the Certyficate and Presentment made before hym and suche other Comyssyoners as weare lymyted w01 hym in one lymyte, so that the same Certificate maye be accompted and cast w* the other Certificates of the other lymytes wlhin the same Comyssion; and then the saide Comyssioners and everie nnmber of them unto twoe at the leaste as is aforesaide, yf anye be in Lief, or theire Executo" or Admynistrato" of theire Goods if they then be deade, shall joynctlie and severallie as they weare devided w'Nn theire lymyttf, under theire Seales by theire discrec&n, make one or sev^ll Wrytengf indented, conteyneng in it aswell the Names of the saide Collecto", by the Comyssionis for suche Collection & Accomptf in the Exchequer and payment in the same Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse and severall summes written unto everie suche Collectors to receyve the saide Subsidies; And also all Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfeitures, yf anye suche by reason of this Acte happen to be w°"in the precyncte and lymytt of theire Comyssion, to be certefied into the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequer by the saide Comyssioners; In whiche Wryteng or Wrytengf indented so to be certefied, shalbe playnelie declared and expressed the whole and intier summe or summes of the saide Subsidies severallie lymyted to the Collection of the saide Collecto" severallie deputed & assigned to the Collection of the saide summes; So that none of the saide Collecto" so certefied in the saide Exchequer, shalbe compelled there to accompte or to be charged, but onlie to and for the summes lymyted to his Collection, and not to or for anye summe lymytted to the Collection of his Fellowe, but ev*ie of them shalbe severallie chardged for theire pte lymytted to theire

XXIII. Allowance to High Collector*, 6d. in the Pound, for themselves. Under Collector*, and Commissioner*.

XXIV. Members of Parliament, Commiuioner*, &c. shall not be Collectors, &c.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the Exchequer.

XXV.

After Assessment, ire. Commissioner* shall meet and certify their several Assessments, with the Names of Collectors,

Fines, «rc.

832

31° Eliz. c. 15.

Separate Certificates may be made, where Commissioners do not all agree.

Collectors shall answer for their respective Districts.

Executors,

Heirs, &c. of Commissioners or Collectors, &c. dying, shall complete their Duties

Form of the first and subsequent Certificates, where all the Commissioners do not ioin.

XXVI. Stamford Baron' shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVII. Persons having Lands and Spiritual Possessions, and Personal Property, shall be charged for

A.D. 1588-9.

Collection: And yf the saide Comyssioners joyned in one Comyssion amongest themselves in that Matter cannot agree, or yf any of them be not readie, or refuse to make Certificate wu’ other of the same Comyssioners> That then the saide Comyssioners maye make severall Indentures in forme aforesaide of theire sePall lymytes or sepac&ns of Collecto" within the lymyttf of theire Comyssion, upon and in the Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or suche other like Divisions wthin theire saide severall lymyttf of theire Comyssion, as the Places theare shall requyre to be severed and divided, and as to the same Comyssioners shall seeme good, to make Divisions of theire lymytes or Collections for the sePall Charges of the same Collecto"; So that allwaye one Collecto1 shalbe chardged and accompte for his pte to hym to be lymyted onlie by hymselfe, and not for anye sume lymytted to the parte of anye of his Fellowes, And the charges of ePie of the Collecto" to be sett and certified severallie upon them; And everie suche Collecto', upon his Accompte and Payment of the summe of Money lymytted wthin his Collection, to be severallie by hymselfe acquyted and discharged in the saide Exchequer, w"'owt payeng anye maner Fees or Rewardf to anye pson or psons for the same, upon payne and penaltie last abovesaide, and not to be chardged for anye portion of any other Collecto': And yf anye Comyssioner, after he hathe taken Certificate of them that as is aforesaide shalbe before anye suche Comyssioners examyned, and the summes rated and sett and the Bookes and Wrytengf thereof being in his Hands, Or yf anye Collecto' or other pson charged w"" anye Receipt of anye pte of either of the saide Subsidies, or anye other pson taxed or otherwise by this Acte charged w"1 and for anye pcell of either of the saide Subsidies, or w"1 anye other Summe Fyne Amerciament Penaltie or other Forfaicture, happen to dye before the Comyssioners Collecto" or other whatsoever pson or psons, have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficientlie discharged that w'* to everie suche pson shall appteyne or belong to doe according to this Acte, Then the Executo™ and Heires of everie suche pson, and all other seised of anye Lands and Tenementf that anye suche pson being charged by this Acte and deceasinge before he be discharged thereof, or anye other to his use onlye, hadd of Estate of Inheritance, at the tyme that anye suche pson was named Comyssioner Collecto' or otherwise chardged w,h or for anye manner of Thinge to be done satisfied or paied by reason of this Acte; And all those that have in theire Possessions or Hands anye Goods Cattells Leases or other Things that weare to anye suche pson or psons at the tyme of his Deathe, or anye Lands or Tenementf that weare the same psons at the tyme he was as is aforesaide chardged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and chardged to doe and accomplishe in everie case, as the same pson so beinge chardged shoulde have doon, or might have bene compelled to doe, yf he had bene in playne Lief, after suche Rate of the Lands and Goods of the saide Comyssioner or Collecto' as the ptie shall have in his Hands ; And yf the saide Comyssyoners, for cawses reasonable them moving, shall thincke yt not convenient to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaide, Then the saide pson or psons that shall first joyne together, or he that shall first certifie the saide Wryteng indented as is aforesaide, shall certifie all the Names of the Comyssioners of that Comyssion, wherupon suche Wryteng shalbe there then to be certified, w,h Division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tythingf and other Places to and amonge suche CornyssiotJs of the same Comyssion, w'" the Names of the same C5myssioners wheare suche Sepac&ns and Divisions shalbe, w,h the grosse summes of Money, aswell of and for the said Subsidie taxed or sett of or wthin the saide Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other Places, to hym or them divided or assigned that shall so certifie the saide first Wry tenge, as of the Fynes AiSciamentf Penalties and other Forfaictures, yf anye happen to be w>hin the same Lymytes, whereof the same Wrytengf shalbe certified : And after suche Wrytengf indented, w* as is aforesaide shalbe certified and not conteyne in yt the whole & full summes sett and taxed w,hin the lymyttf of the same Comyssion, the other Comyssioners of the same, before the daye of Payment of the saide Subsidies, shall certifie into the saide Exchequer by theire Wryteng or Wrytengf indented to be made as is aforesaide, the grosse and severall summes sett and taxed w,hin the places to them lymytted for eiche of the saide Subsidies, and other Fynes Amerciamentf Penalties and Forfaictures, w01 the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other Places to them assigned; or ells by theire saide Wrytengf indented, to certifie at the same Place before the same daye of Payment, suche resonable cawses for theire Excuses whie they maye not make suche Certificate of and for the saide Subsidies Fines Amerciamentf and other Forfaictures groweng or sett, by reason of the Cawses of theire Lettf, or of theire not certifienge as is aforesaide, or else in default thereof, Proces to be made owte of the Quenes Maf saide Exchequer against the saide Comyssioners & everie of them not makinge Certificate as is aforesaide, by the Discrec&n of the Treasourer and Barons of the saide Exchequer.

Provided allwaies and be yt Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide. That the Inhabit*untf of the Pishe of S‘ Martyn called Stamford Baron in the Suburbes of the Boroughe and Towne of Stamford in the Sowthe parte of the Water theare, called Wellandes, whiche hereafter shalbe contributorie to the payment of theis present Subsidies graunted to the Quenes Ma"t her Heires and Successo", shalbe assessed rated and taxed for this time by suche ComyssioSs whiche shalbe appoynted for the taxinge rating and sessinge of the Subsidie w^in the Cowntie of Lincoln, and shalbe for the same contributorie and paye the saide Subsidies to the Collecto' or Collecto" whiche shalbe assigned and appoynted for the levieng and gathering of the same, w* the Aldermen and Burgesses of the saide Borough and Towne of Stamforde.

Provided allwaies and be yt further Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide, That all and everie pson and psons havinge Manno" Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf chargeable to the Payment of the Subsidies graunted to the Quenes Matle by this Acte, and also havinge Spirituall Possessions chargeable to her saide Malk by the Graunt made by the Clergie of this Realme in theire Convocac&n, and over this, having


A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 15.

833

Substaunce in Goods and Cattells chargeable by this saide Acte, That then yf anye of the saide pson or psons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the saide Manno'* Lands and Tenementf and Spirituall Possessions, and also assessed chardged and taxed for his and theire Goods and Cattells, That then he or they shalbe only chardged by vertue of this Acte for his and theire said Manno" Lands Tenementf Hereditaments and Spirituall Possessyons, or only for his saide Goods and Cattells, the best thereof to be taken for the Quenes Mau% and not to be chardged for bothe or dowble charged for any of them ; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise nof'wstandinge.

Phovided allwaies, That this Graunt of Subsidies, or anie Thinge therein conteyned, in any wise extende not to chardge the Inhabitauntf dwellinge in Irelande Jernesey and Gamesey, or anye of them, of for or concernyng anye Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Possessions, Goods Cattells or other Moveable Substaunce, whiche the saide Inhabit"untf or Dwellers or anye others to theire use, have within Irelande Jernesey and Gamesey, or anye of them, or of for or concernyng anye Fees or Wages whiche anye of the saide Inhabit'untf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Mau% for theire Attendaunce and doinge Service to o' Sov^aigne Ladie, in Ireland Jernesey and Garnesey, or in anye of them ; Anye Thinge in this present Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also, That this present Acte of Subsidies ne any thing therein conteyned, extende to anye of the Englishe Inhabit'untf or Resiauntf in anye of the Cownties of Northumblande Cumberlande Westmerlande, the Towne of Berwicke, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Bisshopricke of Durham, or to anye of them, of for or concemynge anye Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Possessions Goods Cattells or other moveable Substance, whiche the same Englishe Inhabit*untf or Dwellers, or anye other to theire use, have w,hin the saide Cownties of Northumberlande Cumblande Westmerland, or the Towne of Berwicke, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, or the Bisshopricke of Durham, or anye of them, or of for or concernynge anye Fees or Waiges whiche anye of the saide Englishe Inhabit'untf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma"' for theire attendance or doinge service to the Quenes Ma"% for or within the saide Cownties of Northumberlande Cuinblande Westmerland, the Towne of Berwicke, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Bisshopricke of Durham, or any of them, to or for the saide taxinge levieng gatheringe or payment; but that the Englishe Inhabitantf and Resiantf and everie of them of the same Counties, Bisshopricke, and Townes, and everie of them, shalbe of and from the saide Subsidies, and everie pcell thereof, onlie for theire Manno" Lands Tents Fees Waiges Goods and Cattells, lyeng and being in the same Cownties Townes and Bisshopricke, or anye of them, utterlie acquyted and discharged; Anye thinge in this present Acte before reherced to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

Provided also, That all Ires Patentf graunted by the Quenes Ma"* or anye of her most noble Progenito" to anye Citdes Boroughes or Townes w,hin this Realme, of any maner of Libties Priveleges or Exempcbns, from the burden and chardge of anye suche Grauntf of Subsidies, whiche be at this present tyme in force and vaileable, shall remayne good & effectuall to the saide Citties Boroughes and Townes hereafter, accordinge to the purportes thereof; allthoughe the Inhabitantf of the same and also the saide Corporac&ns shall, upon the greate and weightie consideration of the Graunte abovesaide, be for this Graunte charged and contributorie, in like maner forme and sorte as other Citties Boroughes and Townes whiche be not in any wise privileged but by this Acte charged.

Provided allwaies and be yt Inacted by the awethoritie aforesaide, That no Orphant or Infant w'^in the aige of xxj'ie yeres, borne w"*in any of the Quenes Ma'f Domynyons, shalbe chardged to anye payment of theis Subsidies for his or her Goods and Chattalls to hym or her lefte or bequeathed; anye Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided also, That this Acte nor anye Thinge therein conteyned, shall extende to the Goods or Lands of anye Colledge Halle or Hostell w'hin the Unyversities of Oxforde and Cambridge, or anye of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Wynton, founded by Bisshopp Wickham, or to the Goods or Lands of the College of Eaton next Wyndsor, or to the Lands Tenementf or Revenues onlie assigned or appoynted for the istentaefin and lyvinge of the poore Knightf founded in the Castle or Colledge of Wyndsor by o' late So^aigne Lorde Kinge Henry the Eight, or to anye of the Goods or Cattells of the same Knightf, or anye of them, or to the Goods or Lands of any comon Free GraiS Scoole w'^in the Realme of Englande or Wales, or to the Goods of anye Reader Scoolemaister or Scoller, or anye Graduate resiaunte or remayneng for Studie wthowt frawde or covyn within anye of the saide Universities and Colledges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxeforde or Suburbes of the same, or to anye of them, or to anye theire Servauntf dailie attendinge upon anye of them, nor to the Goods of anye Officer Mynyster Aimes men or Servauntf, belongeng to any of the saide UnivWies Colledges Halles or Hostells, & dwelling and resiante w"'in the saide Univ'sities or either of them, or w^n either of the saide Townes of Cambridge and Oxeforde and the Suburbes of the same, wu,owt frawde or covyn, or to the Goods and Lands of anye Hospitall Measondieu or Spittle Howse, prepared and used for the sstentacbn and Relief of poore People; Anye Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in anye wise notw^standinge.

Provided also, That the saide Graunte of Subsidie or anye Thinge therein conteyned, do not in any wise extende or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to anye the Inhabit'untf or Resyauntf at this present tyme dwellinge w,hin the Fyve Portes corporate, or to anye theire Members incorporated or unyted to the same Fyve Portes, or to any of the same Fyve Ports,


io C

Lands, 4c. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXVIII.

Exemption for Lands, Personalty, and Offices, in Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

XXIX. Exemption for English Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

XXX. Proviso for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies:

[S* S VL]

XXXI. Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, 4c.

XXXII. Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, 4c.

XXXIII. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

A.D. 1588-9.

834

31~ JliLiz. c. 1£>, 16.

But that the Inhabitantf or Resiauntf in the saide Fyve Ports corporated, and theire Members, be and shalbe, of and from the saide Graunte & Payment of eche of the saide Subsidies and everie pte thereof, and onlie during theire Resiance theare and no longer, derelie discharged and acquyted; Any Matter or whatsoever Thinge in this pnte Acte hadd or made to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

XXXIV. Exemption for the Englith Inhabitant! of Romney Martlt.

Provided also, That the saide Graunte of Subsidies and Fowre Fyftenes and Tenthes, do not in any wise extende or be prejudicial! or hurtfull to the Englishe Inhabit*untf or Resiauntf at this present tyme w^in the lihties of Rumney Marshe, of or for anye pte of the saide summes graunted in this present Pliament, of the saide Englishe inhabit’untf nowe there resiauntf, or anye of them, to be taxed sett asked levyed or paied. But that the saide Englishe Inhabit*ntf and nowe Resiauntf of Rumney Marshe aforesaide, and everie of them, be and shall be of and from the saide Graunt and Payment of the saide Subsidies and Fowre Fyftenes and Tenthes, during theire resiancie there and no longer, acquyted and discharged; Anye Matter or whatsoever Thinge in this present Acte made to the cont'ry notwithstandinge.

XXXV. Children of Alieni, to whom Landi or Goodi are auigned in Evaiion of tnii Act, shall pay Double Rate!.

Provided nevertheles and be yt Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That yf anye Alyen or Straunger borne, Denyzen or not Denizen, and dwellinge or inhabiteng w"‘in this Realme of Englande, shall assigne or convey over unto any his or theire Childe or Children borne w"'in this saide Realme of Englande, anye his or theire Lands Tenementf Goods or Cattells, to the intent thereby to defrawde the Quenes MaUc of her saide Subsidies of or for the same, that then all and everie suche Childe or Children so being seised of anye suche Lands or Tenementf, or possessed of any suche Goods or Cattells, shalbe charged and chargeable to and w,h the paiment of dowble the saide Subsidies for the same Lands Tenementf Goods and Cattells, at the saide Rates and Values as Alyens and Straungers, Denyzens or not Denizens, are before lymyted & appoynted to paye.

Motive! for thii Pardon i

General Pardon of all Offence!, &c. not expreuly excepted, committed, Ac. before i Nov. An. 30 Eliz.

II.

Thii Pardon u valid by general Word!, ai if all Offence!, &c. were particularly specified.

CHAPTER XVI. (•)

An Act for the Queenes generall Pardon.

THE Quenes most Excellent Ma‘k consideringe w'h her selfe howe manye wayes her loving and obedient Subjects from tyme to tyme, but especyallye at this present, have declared and shewed there dewtifull Affecc&n towardes her Highnes; And understanding that sondrye of them have thoroughe the breache of her Highnes Lawes and Statutf, fallen into manye Daungers, from wlh they cannot be freed but by her Ma'f great Mercye; And considering that yt doth apperteigne unto her Princelye Estate sometymes to distribute Mercye aswell as Justice, Her Ma,k the rather trusting that thereby her Subjects wilbe moved from hensforthe to endevo' themselves to live in Obedience, and to observe her Lawes, Hath of her mereyfuli inclynacon thought yt convenient to graunt and give unto her said loving Sujectf, a generall free and tineficiall Pardon, and thereby to deliver her said Subjects from the Daungers Penalties and Forfeitures wherewith they nowe stand charged or chardgeable soe manye wayes, and wth they have fallen into by reason of their severall Offences Disobeydiencf and Contemprf : And therefore her Malk ys well pleased and contented that yt be enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parlyament, in manner and forme followinge ; That ys to saye, That all and everye the said Subjects, aswell Spuall as Temporall, of her Highnes Realme of England Wales the Isles of Jemsey and Gameseye and the Towne of Barwicke, the Heires Successors Executors and Administrators of them and everye of them, and all and singler Bodies in anye manner of w se corporated, Citties Burroughes Shiers Ridingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentagf Townes Villagf Hamlettf and Tithingf, and everye of them, and the Successor and Successors of every of them, shalbe by the aucthoritie of this pnt Parliament acquited pardoned released and discharged against the Quenes Ma>k her Heires and Successors, and everye of them, of all manner of Treasons Fellonyes Offenses Contemptf Trespasses Entries Wrongs Deceiptf Misdemeaners Forfeitures Penalties and Somes of Moneye peines of Death, peines corporall and pecuniarye, and gniallye of all other Things Causes Quarrellf Suetf Judgementf and Execuc&ns, in this pnt Acte not hereafter excepted nor foreprised, wrt maye be or can be by her Highnes in anye wise or by anye meanes pdoned, before or unto the first daie of Novembre last past, in the thirtethe yere of her most gracius Reigne, to everye or anye of her saide Subjects Bodyes corporated Citties Burroughes Shires Ryedingf Hundredes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages and Tythingf, or anye of them.

And allso the Quenes Highnes ys contented that yt be enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That her saide free Pardon shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe, to everye of her sayde Subjects Bodyes Corporate and others before rehearsed, in for and against all Things which be not hereafter in this present Acte excepted and foreprised, as the same Pardon shoulde have bene yf all Offences Contemptf Forfeitures Causes Matters Suetf Quarrellf Judgementf Execuc&ns Penalities, and all other Things not hereafter in this Acte excepted and foreprised, had bene pticlerlye singulerlye specyallye and plainlye named rehearsed and specyfied, and allso pardoned by propper and expresse Wordes and Names, in there kindes natures and quallities, by Wordes and Termes thereunto requisite to have bene put in and expressed in this present Acte of free Pardon ; And that her said Subjects nor any of them, nor the Heires Executors

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Tear.


A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 16.

835

or Administrators of anye of them, nor of the said Bodies Corporate and other before named and rehearsed nor anyc of them, be nor shalbe sewed vexed or inquieted in theire Bodies Goodes Chattellf Landes orTcnementf, [nor'] anye manner of Matter Cause Contempte Misdemeaner Forfeiture Trespas Offence or anye other Thinge suffered done or comytted before the said first daie of November against her Highnes her Crowne Dignitie Prerogative Lawes or Statutf, but onlye for such Matters Causes and Offences as be rehearsed mentioned or in some waies towched in the Excepc&n of this present Acte hereafter mencftned to be foreprised and excepted and for none other; Anye Statute or Statutes Lawes Customes or Usages heretofore hadd made or used to the contrarye in anye wise notwithstandinge.

And the Quenes Highnes of her bounteus Liberalise by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament graunteth and fireelye geoveth to everye of her said Subjectes, and to everye of the said Bodies Corporate and other before rehearsed, and everie of them, all Goodes Chattellf Debtes Fynes Yssues Proffittf Amercyam'f Forfeitures and Somes of Moneye by anye of them forfeited, w* to her Highnes doe or should belonge or apperteigne by reason of anye Offence Contempte Trespasse Entrie Misdemeaner Matter Cause or Quarrel], done or comytted by them or anye of them before the said first daye of Novembre, wch be not hereafter in this present Acte foreprysed and excepted. And be yt enacted neverthelesse. That all Grauntf thereof or of anye part thereof, made by any suche as have soe forfeyted the same and are hereby restored as aforesaid, and all Executions thereof or of anye parte thereof, had against anye such after such Forfeiture thereof comitted or made, shalbe of such force and effecte as yf noe such Forfeiture thereof had bene had or made and of noe other; The same Forfeiture or anye Thinge before in this Acte to the contrary notw^standing. And that all and everye the Quenes said Subjects, and all and singler Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed maye by him or themself or by his or theire Deputie or Deputies, or by his or theire Attomeye or Attomeis, according to the Lawes of this Realme, pleade and mynister this present Acte of free Pardon for his or there Discharge, of and for everye Thing that ys by vertewe of this present Acte pardoned discharged geoven or graunted, w^owt anye Fee or other Thinge in anye wise paieng to anye person or persones for Writing or Entrie of the Judgm'f or other Cause concerning suche Plee Writing or Entrie, but onlye xvj d. to be paide to the Officer or Clerk that shall enter such Plee Matter or Judgm' for the parties discharged in that Behalff; Any Lawe Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

And furthermore the Quenes Highnes ys contented and pleased that yt be enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That her said free Pardon, by the generall Wordes Clauses and Sentenses before rehearsed, shalbe reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken in all manner of Courtes of her Highnes and elswhere, most bneficiall and avaylable to all and singler her said Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed, and to every of them, in all Things not in this present Act excepted or foreprised, w'^owt anye Ambiguitie Question or other Delaye whatsoever yt shalbe, to be made pleaded objected or alleged by the Quene oure Soveraigne Ladye her Heires or Successors, or by her or anye of there generall Attorney or Attomeyes, or by anye pson or persons for her Highnes or anye of her Heires or Successors.

And furthermore yt ys enacted by the Quene oure Soveraigne Ladie, by the Aucthoritie of this present Parlyament, That yf anye Officer or Clark of anye of her Highnes Courtes comonlye called the Kings Benche Chauncery and Comon Place, or of her Eschequer, or anye other- Officer or Clerke of anye other of her Highnes Courts w,hin this Realme, at anye tyme after the last daie of this put Cession of Parliament, make owt or write owt anye manner of Writtf Processe Sumons or other Preceptf, wherby anye of the said Subjects or anye of the said Bodies corporated or others before rehearsed, or anye of them, shalbe in any wise arreasted attached distreyned sumoned, or otherwise vexed inquieted or greeved in his or there Bodies Landes Tenementf Goodes or Chattellf, or in anye of them, for or bycause of anye manner of thing pardoned or discharged by vertewe of this Acte of free Pardon, or yf anye Sheriff or Escheto' or anye of there Deputie or Deputies, or anye Bayliffe or other Officer whatsoever, by color of his or theire Office or otherwise, after the saide last daie of this present Session of Parliament, doe levie receive take or withholde of or from anye parson or persons, anye thinge pardoned or discharged by this Acte, that then every such person so offendinge, and thereof lawfullye convicted or condempned by anye sufficient Testemonye Witnesse or Proofe, shall yelde and paye for Recompence therof to the partie so greeved or offended thereby, his or there Treble Damages, besides all Costs of the Suete, and shall also forfeit and loose to the Quenes Ma'1' for everye such defalt tenne poundes; And neverthelesse all and singler such Writtf Processe and Preceptes, so to be made for or uppon any manner of thinge pardoned or discharged by this present Acte of free Pardon, shalbe utterly voyde and of none Effecte.

Except and allwaies foreprised owt of this generall and free Pardon, All and all manner of High Treasons and other Offences comitted or done by anye pson or psons, against the Quenes most Royall person, and all Conspiracies and Confederacyes trayteruslye hadd comitted or done by anye person or persones against the Quenes Ma'f Royall person; And allso excepted all and every manner of Treasons comytted or done by any person or persones in the partes beyonde the Seas, or in anye other place owt of the Quenes Dominions; And allso all Suetes Punishementf Execucons paines of Death Forfeitures and Penalties for or by reason or occasion of anye the Treasons and Offenses before rehearsed : And allso excepted and foreprised owt of this generall Pardon, all and everye Offenses of Pyracye and Robberye done uppon the Seas, and all and every comfortinge procuringe or abbetting of the same Offences to be hadd done or comitted: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all manner of Voluntarie Murders Pettie Treasons and willfull Poyesoningf done or comitted by anye person or persons, and all and every the Accessaries to the same

III.

Grant of all Forfeiture* on Offence*.

Grant* by Offender* of Good* forfeited, how far valid.

Pardon may be pleaded without Fee ; except 6d. to the Clerk.

IV.

Thi* Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

V.

Penalty on Officer* of Court*, See. issuing Proce* for Offence* hereby pardoned; Treble Damages, and Process declared void.

VI. Exceptions from thi* Pardon • Certain Treaton*

Piracies; Murder*;

1 erroneously for • for ’

836

31° Eliz. c. 16.

.4. D. 15 88-9.

Counterfeiting, &c-of Money;

Burglaries}

Robberies on the Highway;

Horse-stealing;

Arsons; Rapes, Ice.;

Escapes of Felons t

Outlawries for Treason, See. j Witchcrafts;

Taking Issues of Goods of Felons,

&c.;

Forfeitures

Slanderous Libels

Intrusions and Wastes in Lands of the Crown

Alienations, and Fines thereon

Wastes, See. in Lands of Wards, &c.;

Concealment of Wards, See.;

Ravishments of Wards.

Fines of Widows;

VII. Livery of Lands shall be duly sued by all Persons.

VIII. Further Exceptions: Prisoners in special Custody; Fugitives for Treason

Offences or anye of them, before the saide Offenses comytted : And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Offences of foreginge and false counterfeytinge of anye the Moneyes currant within this Real me; And allso all Offences of unlawfull dymynishinge of any the said Moneyes by anye waye or meanes whatsoever, contrary to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme; and allso all abetting aydinge comforting or procuringe of the same Offences or anye of them to be comitted or done: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Burglaries comitted or done in anye Dwelling House or Houses, and all Accessaries to anye of the said Burglaries before the same Burglarye comytted: And allso excepted all Robberyes done uppon or to anye Man or Womans person in the Highe waye or ells where, and all and singler Accessaries of or to anye suche Robberies before the said Robberie comitted: And allso excepted the felonius stealinge of any Horse Gelding or Mare, and all Accessaries thereunto, before the same Felonye comitted, and all Judgmentf and Executions of or for the same: And allso all willfull burningf of anye House or Houses, or of anye Barne or Barnes wherein anye Come ys: And also excepted all Rapes and Carnal) Ravishementf of Weomen, and allso all Ravishementf and willfull taking awaye or marieng of anye Maide Widowe or Damosell against her will, or withowt the Assent or Agrement of her Parents or of suche as have her in custodie, and allso all Offences of aydinge comfortinge procuringe or abettinge of anye such Ravishement willfull takinge or tnariienge, to be had comitted or done: And allso excepted all wilfull Escapes of any Traytors or Felons: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all persones nowe attainted or owtlawed of or for any Treason Pettie Treason Murder willfull Poyesoninge Burglarye or Robberye, and all Executions of and for the same: And allso excepted all Offences of Invocations Conjurac&ns Witchecraftf Sorceries Inchauntmentf and Charmes, and all Offences of procuring abbettinge or comfortinge of the same, and all persons nowe attainted or convicted of any of the said Offenses : And allso excepted all and everye manner of takinge from the Quens Mau* of anye Goodes or Chattellf or the Yssues Rents Revenues or Proffittf of anye Manno" Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf wch were of anye Traytor Murderer Felon Clarke or Clarkes attainted or fugitives, or of anye of them: And allso excepted all Goodes and Chattellf in anye wise forfeited to the Quenes Majestie by reason of anye Treason Petit Treason Murder or Felonye heretofore comytted or done : And allso excepted all Offences of or in makinge wrytinge printinge or publishinge, or in consentinge to the makinge [writing'] wrytinge printinge or publishinge of any fals seditius or slaunderus Book or Books Libell or Libellf in anye wise against the present Government of this Realme in causes eyther Ecctiasticall or Temporal!, or against anye person or persons: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Intrusions and spoyle of Woodes, hadd made or done by anye person or persons in or uppon anye the Mannors Landes Tenem'f or other Hereditamentf of oure Soveraigne Ladye the Quene; And all Waistes done comytted or suffered uppon anye suche Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf, and the wrongfull takinge of anye the Rents Issues and Proffittf of the same Mannors Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf of oure saide SoPeigne Ladie the Quene, and allso all Suetf Accomptes and Impetitions of and for the same: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all Alienations of any Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf withowt lycense, and all Fynes Yssues and Proffittf that maye or owght to growe or come to the Queues Ma"c by reason of anye such Alienation w,howt Lycense: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon al Waistes comitted or done in anye of the Quenes Wardes Landes, or in the Wardes Landes of anye of the Quenes Comittees, And allso all and everye Fyne and Fynes for the single or doble vallewe of the Marryage or Marryagf of all and everye Warde or Wardes at anye tyme heretofore growen to the Quenes Ma’" or anie her noble Progenitors : And allso excepted all concealed Wardes and the Landes of such Wardes concealed, and all Lyveries and Primer Seisons and Ouster le maines that owght to be hadd done or sewed for the same: And allso excepted owt of this generall Pardon, all Ravishementf and wrongfull taking or withholdinge of anye of the Quenes Wardes or Wardes Landes, or the Rents and Proffittf of the same, at anye tyme comen or growne to the Quenes Handes; and everye thing that by

reason of anye Warde or Wardes Landes, or for defalt of sewinge or prosecutinge of anye Livereye owght to come

or be to the Quenes Ma,lc, and wdl as yet ys not dischaged : And allso excepted, all Fynes that shoulde or ought to

growe to the Quenes Ma"% of anye of her Widdowes that have marryed withowt Lycense.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie of this pnt Parliament, That the Quenes Ma,ic her Heires and Successors shall have and enjoye the full and whole Interest bnefitt Proffitt and Advauntage of all Wardeshippes Liveries Primer Seisons and Ouster le maines of Landes Tenementf and Hei editamentf and all meane Yssues Rates and Proffittf for not sewinge or not prosecutinge of anye Liverye or Ouster le maine, as yf this Acte hadd never bene hadd or made: And that all and everye person and persons which have tendered or owght to sewe his her or there or anye of theire Liveries or Ouster le maines, of or for anye Manno" Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf whatsoever they be, shall sewe his her and there Liverey and Livereis and Ouster le maines owt of our said Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Handes, and shall answere and paye there Fynes Yssues and meane Proffittf for his or there Mannors Landes Tenementf and Hereditam*f, in like manner and forme to everye Respect as they and everye of them should or ought to have done yf this Acte hadd never bene hadd ne made, notwithstanding the not findinge of anye Office or Offices or any other Matter whatsoever; Anye Article Thinge or Things in this pnt Acte of generall Pardon comprysed and specified to the contrarye notw^standinge.

And allso excepted and foreprised owt of this Pardon, all such persones as the last daie of this present Session of Parliament be in Pryson w,hin the To were of London, or in the Pry son of the Marshallseye, or in the Prison of the Fleet, or otherwiese restrayned of Libertie by expresse Comaundem1 from the Quenes MaUc or by the Comaundem' or Direcc&n of any her Ma'f Privie Counsell: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all and everye such person and persoas w0* at any tyme sithens the beginnyng of the Quenes Ma'f Reigne have fledd owt of this Realme of England or anye other the Quenes Domynions, for any Offence of Highe Treason Pettit Treason or Misprision of Treason:

1 An erroneous Repetition.


A.D. 1588-9.

31° Eliz. c. 16.

837

And allso excepted all such persons as be gone or fledd owt of this Realme, for anye Cause contrary to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme wthowt the Quenes Ma'f Lycense; And allso excepted all such persons as have obteygned and hadd Lycense to depart this Realme for a certayne tyme, and nowe doe abide owt of the Realme, wttowt any lawfull excuse, after the tyme of there Lycense expired: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all and everye Concealmentf or wrongfull Deteynementf of anye Custome or Subsedie dewe to the Quenes Ma'1', and all Accomptf Impetic&ns and Suetes to be hadd made or done for the same: And allso excepted all and singler Accomptf of all ard every Collector and ColtCors of anye Subsidie Fiftene Custome or other Thinge; and all Accomptf of every other pson whatsoever that ought to be Accomptaunt to the Quenes Highnes or to her most Noble Father King Henrye the Eight, or to Kinge Edwarde the Sixt, or Quene Marye, or to anye of them, and the Heires Executors & Administrators of every such person that ought to accompt, for all Things towching onlye the same Accomptes; and all and singler Arreragf of Accomptf, and all untrewe Accomptf, and all Impeticons Charges of Seisures Suetf Demands and Execuc&ns which can or may be hadd of or for anye Accompt or Accomptes, or anye Arreragf of the same: And allso excepted all Inclosures and Dekeys of Houses of Husbandrye, and the converting or keaping of anye Land from Tillage to Pasture, made done comitted or pmitted contrarye to the Forme and Effect of anye Statute or Statutes heretofore made: And allso excepted and foreprised owt of this Pardon, all and all maiier of Deceiptes and Offenses of all and singler Monyers and other Officers Mynters and Workemen of or in anye of the Quenes Ma'f Myntes w’^in this Realme, or anye other her Domynions and all Impetic&ns and Punishem'f for the same: And allso excepted all Titles and Acc&ns of Quare Impedit, and all Homagf Releef & Releifff Harriottf Rent S'vices Rent Charges Rent Seckf and the Arreragf of the same, not done or payed to the Quenes Highnes: And allso excepted all Condidons and Coven*ntf and all Penalties Titles and Forfeitures of Condic&n or Condicons Coven*nt or Coven'ntf accrewed or growen to the Quenes Ma"c by reason of the breache and not pforming of anye Coven*nte or Condic&n whatsoever: And allso excepted all somes of Money graunted to the Quenes Ma'ic, or to anye her noble Progenitors, by waye or meane of Subsedie Fiftene or otherwise: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all Debtes which were or be dewe to oure Soveraigne Ladie the Quene) or to the most Noble King of famous Memorye King Henrye the Seventhe, King Henrye the Eight, King Edward the Sixt, or to the late Quene Marye, or to anye pson or psons to anye of theire uses, by any Condempnac&n Recognisaunce Obligac&n or otherwise; (other then such Debtes as are dewe uppon anye Obligacon or Recognisaunce forfeited before the said first daie of Novembre for non Apparaunce in anye Courte or other Place whatsoever, or for not keeping of the Peace, or not being of good behavior) w^ Debts growen or accrewed uppon those Causes by this free Pardon be and shalbe clearlye pardoned and discharged : And allso excepted and foreprised owt of this Pardon, all and singler Penalties Forfeitures and Somes of Moneye, being dewe or accrewed to oure Soveraigne Ladie the Quene by reason of anye Acte Statute or Statutf, w* Forfeitures Penalties and Somes of Money be converted into the nature of Debt, by anye Judgment Order or Decree, or by the Agrement of the Offender or Offenders: And allso excepted all Forfeitures of all Leasses Estates or Interests of anye Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf holden of oure Soveraigne Ladie the Quenes Ma’" by Knightes service or in Socage, in Capite, or otherwise by Knightes Service made in one or several Assuraunces or Leases for anye terme or termes of Yeres, wheruppone the oulde and accustomed Rent or more is not reserved: And allso excepted all First Fruetf and Tenthes at this present being dewe to be paied to her Majestie by force of anye Acte or Statut or otherwise : And allso excepted all Penalties and Forfeitures, whereof there ys anye good Veredict in anye Suet geoven or past for the Quenes Ma1*: And allso excepted all Forfeitures and other Penalties and Proffittf nowe dewe accrewed or growne, or which shall or may be dewe accrewe or growe to the Quenes Ma1* by reason of anye Offence Misdemeaner or Contempt, or other Acte or Deed hadd suffered comitted or done, contrarye to anye Acte Statute or Statutes, or contrary to the Comon Lawes of this Realme, and whereof or for the which any Acc&n Bill Plaint or Informafon at anye tyme within eight yeres next before the last daie of this presnt Session of Parliament, hath bene or shalbe exhibyted comensed or sewed in the Courts of Starr Chambre or Cheker Chambre or in anye the Quenes Ma‘f Courts at Westiii, and now ys or the said last daie of this Session of Parham1 shalbe there depending or remayning to be prosequuted; or whereof the Quenes Highnes by her Bill signed or otherwise heretofore hath made anye Geoft Graunt or Assignement to anye person or persons: And allso excepted owt of this generall and free Pardon, all Offences Contemptf Disorders Covins Fraudes Disceptf and Misdemeaners whatsoever, heretofore comitted or done by any pson or persons, and whereof or for the which anye Suet by Bill Plaint or Informac&n, at anye tyme w,hin foure yeres next before the last daie of this present Session of Parliament, is or shalbe comenced or exhibited in the Courte of Starr Chambre at Westiii, and shalbe there the same last daye of this Session of Parlyament depending : And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Offences of Perjurye and Subornation of Witnesses ; and Offences of foreginge and counterfeiting of any false Deeds Escriptf or Wrytingf and all procuring and counselling of anye such counterfeiting or forgeing to be hadd or made: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all and everye Offence or Offences towching or concerning the carryeing sending or conveyeing over the Seas or owt of this Realme, of anye Goulde Silver Jewellf, or anye Coyne of Goulde or Silver, contrarye to the Lawes or Statutf of this Realme, unlesse yt were or be by the Quenes Lycense: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Offences of Incest Adultrie Fomycacon Simonye, and all Misdemeaners and Disturbaunces comitted and made in anye Churche or Chappell in the tyme of Comon Praier Preaching or Devine S'vice there used, to the Disturbaunce thereof,-and all Owtlaryes and Prosecutions uppon the same: And allso excepted all Offences wherby any person may be charged w* the Penaltie and Daunger of Premunire, and of the which Offence or Offences anie Pson standeth allreddy indicted or otherwise lawfullye condempned or convicted : And allso excepted all Offences whatsoever in shipping or willinglye assenting or causing to be shipped to be transported into anye the parts beyondc the Seas owt of the Obedience of her Ma"% anye Gonnes Ordinaunce Shott

Persons going or remaining Abroad without Licence i

Concealment of Subsidies j

Accountant! to the Crown i

Unlawful Inclosurei, &c.

Deceipti of Moneyers, &c.;

Penalties on Covenant!, &c.

Subsidie!

Debt! to the Crown on Recognizances,

&c.;

Penalties and Forfeiture! by Statute, adjudged or proceeded for

Forfeiture of Lease! from the Crown

First Fruit! and Tenth!;

Penalties recovered by Verdict, or lued for, or granted by, the Crown;

Contempt!, fee. depending in the Court of Star-Chamber;

Perjuries; Forgeries of Leeds;

Exporting Gold or Silver;

Incest, Simony, disturbing Divine Service;

Premunire;

Illegal Exportation of Arms and Ammunition;


to D


838

31° Eliz. c. 16.

A.D. 1588-9.

Covinous Action! on Penal Statutes;

Embezzling Stores, &c.

Extortions, kc. by Under-Sheriffs;

Rescues of Prisoners;

Issues, Fines, kc. sffered, amounting to £6.

All other Fines pardoned.

Proviso as to Estreats of such Fines.

Allowance to Sheriffs for Fines pardoned.

Exception of Forfeitures on Outlawry

Offenders against St. Eliz. c. a. by Jesuits, &c.

Offenders against Act of Uniformity, St. l Eliz. c. a. or St. aj Eliz. c. i. until they conform and submit.

Persons attainted of Rebellion, kc.

Counterfeiting Inquests of Office, kc.

or Gonne Mettaii, contrary to the Lawes or Statutf of this Realme, w^owt Lycense of her Ma'" in that Behalf first had and obteygned; And allso all such as covenuslye or by Consent, or for the Relief of such as have offended in or against anye popler or penall Statute, have for the same Offence or Offences exhibited any Acfbn Bill Pleinte Informac&n or Suet against any such Offender or Offenders : And except allso all Offenses in takinge awaye imbeseling or purloyeninge anye the Quenes Ma"" Goodes Moneye Cattellf Jewellf Armor Munic&n Ordinaunce or other Habylimentf of Warr: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Extorf&ns Covens Fraudes Disceiptes and other Disorders and Misdemeaners whatsoever heretofore comitted or done by anye Undersheriffe in or by reason or color of his office, and all Offences of ayedinge comfortinge assistinge or procuringe of anye Undersherif in contriving dooinge or executinge anye the same Extorf&ns Exacc&ns Covens Fraudes Desceiptes Disorders or Misdemeaners: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all unlawfull takinge awaye and Rescusses made of anye prisoner beinge in or under anye Arreast or Custodie, and all the ayders comforters and procurers thereof: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon all Yssues Fynes and Amercyamentf being totted levied or receyved by anye Sherif Undersheriffe Bayliff Mynister or other Officer to or for the Quenes Ma'f Use or Behooffe before the last daye of this present Session of Parliament, and all Yssues Fynes and Amercyamentf afferred taxed sett estreated or entered, severallye or perticlerlye, towchinge or conceminge any one person or moe persons joyntlye or severallye, above the s5me of six poundes: And allso excepted all Yssues Fynes and Amercyamentf retomed afferred taxed sett or entred severallye or perticlerlye in anye Court of Record at Westni at anye tyme sithence the Feast of S‘ Michaell Tharch*ungell last past: And yet neverthelesse all other Fynes, aswell Fines pro Licentia concordandi as others, sett taxed estreated or entred before the said Feast of S‘ Michaell Tharch*ungell, and allso all Yssues and Amercyamentf, aswell reall as others, within any Liberties or withowt, being sett taxed estreated or entred before the said Feast of S' Michaell Tharch*ungell, and w* severallye or perticlerlye extend to or under the some of six poundes and not above, whether they be estreated or not estreated, or whether they be torned into Debt or not torned into Debt, and not being totted levied or receyved by anye Sheriff Under Sheriff Minister or other Officer unto or for the Quenes Ma'"* use or behooffe, before the last daie of this presente Session of Parliament, shalbe freelye clearlye and plainlye pardoned and discharged against the Quenes Ma"* her Heires and Successours for ever, by force of this present Acte of Free Pardon: And yett neverthelesse all Estreatf of such Fines Yssues and Amercyamentf as be nowe pardoned by this Acte, and which be allreddie estreated for the of the Courte of Exchequor, and be remayning in the Handes of the Sheriffe Under Sheriffe or Bayllifff for collectinge of the same Fines Yssues and Amercyeamentf, shall uppon the Retorne of the same Estreates be orderlye charged and delivered by Scrowes into the Office of the Piepe in the Courte of Exchequo', as heretofore hath bene accustomed, to thintent that thereuppon order maye be taken that her Ma,ie maye be the more trewlye answered of all such Fynes Yssues and Amercyeamentf not by this Acte pardoned, and whiche anye Sheriffe Under Sheriffe Bayliffe or other Officer or Mynister hath receyved or owght to answere by force or coolor of anye such Estreate Processe or Precept to him or them made for the levyeinge thereof: And yet that notwithstandinge, all and everye Sheriffe and Sheriffes and other Accomptaunt, uppon his or there Petic&n or Peric&ns to be made for the Allowaunce of anye such Fynes Yssues and Amercyamentf as by this Acte is pardoned, shall have all and everye such his and theire Petic&n allowed in his and there Accompte and Accomptes, withowt payeinge anye Fee or Rewarde to anye Officer Clark or other Mynister for the making entringe or alloweing of anye such Peticbn or Petitions; Anye Usage or Custome to the contrarye thereof notwithstandinge: And also excepted owt of this Pardon, all Goodes Cattellf Debtes Acclins and Suetes allreddye forfeited, or whereof any Right or Title ys accrewed or growen to the Quenes Ma'" by reason of anye Owtlarye, and whereof the Quenes Ma,k by her Highnes ires Pattentf hath before the last daye of this present Session of Parlyament made, anye Graunte Covenaunte or Promise to any person or persons: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all such persons wch have edmytted or done anye Offens or Offenses contrarye to the Tenor and Effect of the Statute made in the xxvijUl yere of her Ma'f Reigne, intituled An Acte against Jesueyttf Semynarye Preestes and other such disobedient persons, or of anye part thereof; And all Outlawryes Proceadingf Judgementf and Executions uppon the same Offences or anye of them: And allso excepted all persons which have comytted or done anye Offence eyther contrarye to the Statute made in the first yere of her Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte for the Uniformytie of Comon Prayer and Service in the Churche, and the Administration of the Sacramentf, or anye parte thereof; or contrarye to the Statute made in the xxiijlh yere of her Ma'f Reigne, intituled An Acte to reteigne the Quenes Ma"* Subjects in there dewe Obedience, or of anye part thereof; And all Owtlaryes Proceadingf Judgementf and Execuc&ns uppon the same Offences or anye of them, for such and so long tyme as they shall continewe disobedient or willfullye obstinate in anye the same Offenses; And yet neverthelesse whensoever the same persons or anye of them shall willinglye submytt themselves in there dewe Obedience to her Majestie, and will come to the Churche to heare Devyne Servyce, and willinglye refuse the saide willfull obstynacye, and conforme themselves to the said Causes of Relygion and Doctryne, and continewe in such there Conformytie and dewe Obedyence to her Ma'k, accordinge as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme they owght to doe. That then and from thensforthe all and everye such person and persons so submyttinge and yeldinge themselves in theire dewe Obedience towardes her Majestie, and soe continewinge in the same, shall forthewith be receyved and enabled, by force of this Acte, to have and enjoye the full bnefiete of this gSall Pardon as largelye and fullye in all Respectes as anye other of her Majesties good Subjects have or ought to enjoye by vertewe of this Acte of generall Pardon: And allso excepted owt of this Pardon, all such parsons that be and remayne still attainted or condempned, and not allreddie pardoned of and for anye Rebellion or levieinge of Warr, or of or for anye Conspiracye of anye Rebellion or levieinge of Warr, within this Realme or in anye other the Quenes Domynions: And allso excepted all fals forgeing or counterfeitinge of anye Comission or Comissions to enquire of anye Landes Tenementes or Hereditamentes, and allso all fals foreginge and counterfeiting of anye untrewe Certificate or Retorne


A.D. 15 88-9.

31° Eliz. c. 16.

839

of anye Comission or C5missions obteigned or gotten for the of anye Courte or Courtes to enquire of anye Landes Tenementes or other Thinges whatsoever, And all and all manner fallseifieinge of anye particler or of any Bill or Bills signed by her Ma* after the Ingrossinge thereof, and before the passinge of the same unto the Greate Seale.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthoride aforesaid, That yt shall and maye be ley full to all and everye Clarke and other Officers of the Quenes Courtes, to awarde and make Writtf of Capias Utlagat, at the Suete of the Parrie Plandffe, against such persons owtlawed as be pardoned by this Acte, to the intent to compell the Defendaunte and Defendauntf to make answere to the Plantiffe or Plantiffes at whose Suet he or they were owtlawed ; And that everye person so owtlawed shall sue a Writt of Scire Facias againste the Partie or Prides at whose Suet he or they were so owtlawed, before this Pardon in that Behalffe shalbe allowed to him or them that so ys owtlawed.

And except allso owt of this Pardon, all Offences comitted or done by anye person or persons in newe buildings devidinge of Tenementes, takinge of Inmates, Newe Inclosures, and other Newsaunces in any place within the Cittie of London and Suburbes of the same, or within three myles of the saide Cittie, contrarye to the Lawe or anye her Majesties ProclamaftSns in that Behalffe made.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That this Acte of generall Pardon shall not in anye wise extend to anye person owtlawed uppon anye Wrytt of Capias ad satisfaciendum, undll such tyme as the person so owtlawed shall satisfie or otherwise agree with the partie at whose Suet the same person was soo owtlawed or condempned.

Provided allso and be yt enacted, That neyther this Acte of generall Pardon nor anye thinge therein conteyned, shall in anye wise extend to any person that is or shalbe put to ExecucSn at anye tyme before tenne daies after the end of this Session of Parliament; Or to pardon or discharge anye Offens or Misdeameaner comitted or done by anye Purveyor or other Taker whatsoever, in takinge or purveyeinge of anye Provision whatsoever for the Quenes Majesties Househoulde or otherwise to the Quenes Highnes behoofe, or by pretense or color thereof, contrarye unto or against anye the Lawes or Statutes in that behalf made or ordeyned.

Provided allso and be yt enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid, That neyther this Acte nor anye thinge therein conteyned shall extende to pardon or discharge anye Offens, comitted or done by anye Comyssionerr Capteyne or other personne whatsoever, in the corrupte takinge or havinge of anye Moneye or other Geofte or Rewarde for the chaungeinge releasinge or dischargeinge of anye Souldier prest or appointed to serve her Ma"* in the Defens of the Realme or otherwise; Or anye Offens comytted or done by anye against the Ecclesiasticall Estate or Government established in this Realme; Or anye Herisye or Schisme in Religion whatsoever.

Falsifying Bills signed by the Queen.

IX.

Proviso for Outlawries in Civil Actions.

X.

Exception of Nuisances in or near London by new Buildings, See.

XL Proviso for Outlawries on

Errsonal xecutions.

XII. Persons in Execution before a certain Period. Purveyors acting illegally

XIII. Corrupt discharging. Sic. of Soldiers.

Heresy, fcc.


( 840 )

,1c

Anno 35° ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1592-S.

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

BEGUN AND HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE NINETEENTH Day OF FEBRUARY, AND THERE CONTINUED UNTIL THE TWELFTH Day OF APRIL,

In THE THIRTY-FIFTH Year of the Reign of Q,. ELIZABETH,

AND THEN DISSOLVED:

motulo j&arltamentt De anno regnt Ctoabctlje ftegtne, 3Crice0<mo*qutnto.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato & ten! apud Westm decimo nono die Februarij Anno Regni Dne nre Elizabeth, Dei gfa Anglie Francie & Hifenie Regine Fidei Defensor tricesimo quinto, et ibidem continual usq. ad duo decimu diem Aprilis px sequeh & tunc dissolul, Coi oim Procerum tarn Spualiu q*m Temporaliu ac Coitatis concensu, Regie Majestatis turn psentis Assensu, Inactitat & Stabilita filer hec Statu! sequeh Vz.

i. An Acte to retayne the Quenes Majesties Subjects in their due obedyence.

a. An Acte for the restreyninge of Popishe Recusantf to some ?ten places of Aboade.

3. An Acte for explanac&n of the Statute made in the xxxiiiju> yere of Kinge Henrie the Eight, aswell

touchinge Grauntf made to his Majestie as to confirmac&n of Ires patentf made by his Highnes to others.

4. An Acte for the necessarie Relief of Souldiors and Marriners.

5. An Acte for explanac&n and confirmac&n of the Quenes Majesties Title to the Landes and Tentes late

Sir Frauncys Englefeildf Knight attaynted of Highe Treason.

б. An Acte for restreynt of newe Buyldingf, convertinge of great Houses into sev'all Tentes, and for

restrainte of Inmates and Inclosures, in and nere unto the Cities of London and Westm.

7. An Acte for the revivinge contynuance explanation and pfectinge of div'se Statute.

8. An Acte for the avoydinge of deceyte used in makinge and sellinge of twice layed Cordage for the better

pservinge of the Navie of this Realme.

9. An Acte touchinge the bredthe of Plunckettf Azures and Blewes and other collored Clothes made within

the Countie of SoiSsett and elswhere of like makinge. to An Acte for the reformac&n of sondrie Abuses in Clothes called Devonshire Kersies or Dozens accordinge to a Pclamac&n of the xxxiiij'*’ yere of the Raigne of our SoPaigne Ladye the Quenes Ma®' y* nowe ys.

ti. An Acte for the bringinge in Clapboorde from the partes of beyonde the Seas, and the restrayninge of t*nsportinge of Wyne Caske for the sparinge and pservinge of Tymber within the Realme. (')

1 The Acts flu. 1. to 11. in this List have always been printed as Chapters I to XI. of the Statute of this Year. The Acts for the Subsidies and Pardon, although not inrolled nor noticed in this List, have been always printed as Chapter XII. XIII. and XIV. of this Year: They are now printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. The Acts «u. 12. to 24. are entered on the Roll, but have never been printed. The short Titles in the Margin of the Inrollments of Chapters I. to XI., are now printed at the Head of each of those Chapters.


A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 1.

841

Actbs Private.

i a. An Acte for the confirmac&n of Letters Patentf to the Maior Sherifes Citizens and Comynaltie of the Citie of Lincolne.

13. An Acte for the late scite of the dissolved House of the Gray Friers in or nere Cambridge, maye be

solde or lett in Fee Ferme otherwise for the erection of a newe Colledge in the UnivWie of Cambridge.

14. An Acte for the better Assurance and Confirraac&n of the Jointure of the Ladye Margarett Countesse of

Cumberlande.

15. An Acte conceminge the Landes of Henrie late Lorde Abergevennye deceased.

16. An Acte to geve libertie to the Lorde Harowden to sell 8teyne Lande for the payment of his Debts.

17. An Acte for Restituc&n onlye in Bloode of Sir Thomas Perrott Knight.

18. An Acte for naturalizinge and makinge free of Will*m Sydney, eldest Sonne of Sir Robert Sidney Knight,

Govemour of Vlushinge, and Dame Barbara his Wief; and of Peregrine Wynckfelde, Sonne and Heire of Sir John Wynckefeilde, and Dame Susan Countesse of Kent, his Wyef.

19. An Acte to confirme the sale of ?teyne Mannors Lands and Tents made by Sir Richarde Knyghtley Knight

Valentyne Knightley and Edwarde Knyghtley Esquiers, unto Charles Hales Esquier Thomas Brickett and John Lamberde Gentlemen and others.

20. An Acte con&iinge the Assurance of 8teyne Lands and Tents to Reade Stafforde Esquier and Mabell his

Wief, and to the Heires of the saide Reade.

21. An Acte for the bringinge in of freshe Water to the Towne of Stonehouse in the Countie of Devon.

22. An Acte to confirme the sale of the Landes of Wittm Raven Gentleman, made unto Lisle Cave Thomas

Andrewes and Edwarde Haselrig Esquiers, towards the paym' of a Debte due to her Mau*.

23. An Acte touchinge power and lifetye to repeale ?teyne uses of a Deede triptyte herein mencioned of and in

the Manno" Lands and Tents of Anthonie Cooke of Romforde Esquier.

24. An Acte for the naturalizinge of ?ten Englishmens children borne beyonde the Seas.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte to retayne the Quenes Subjetf in Obedyence.

F>R the pventinge and avoydinge of suche great inconvenyencf and pills as might happen and growe by the wicked and daungerous practises of seditious Sectaries and disloyall psons; Be it enacted by the Quenes moste Excellent Majestie, and by the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the C5mons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, That if anye pson or psons above the age of sixtene yeres, w1* shall obstynatlye refuse to repaire to some Churche Chappell or usuall place of Comon Prayer to heare Devyne Service, established by her Majesties Lawes and Statutf in that behalfe made, and shall forbeare to doe the same by the space of a Moneth next after, without laufull cause, shall at anye tyme after Fortie Daies next after thende of this Session of Parliament, by Printinge Writinge or expresse Wordes or Speaches advisedlie and purposelye practise or goe aboute to move or pswade anye of her Majesties Subjects, or any other within her Highnes Realmes or Dnyons, to denye withstande and ympugne her Majestie Power and Authoritie in Causes Ecctiasticall, unyted and annexed to the Ymperiall Crowne of this Realme; or to that ende or purpose shall advisedlye and maliciouslie move or pswade anye other pson whatsoever to forbeare or abstayne from comynge to Churche to heare Devyne Service, or to receyve the Comunyon accordinge to her Majesties Lawes and Statutf aforesaide, or to come to or to be psent at anye unlaufull Assemblies Conventicles or Metingf uuder colour or ptence of any excise of Religion, contrarie to her Majesties saide Lawes and Statutes ; Or yf anye pson or psons w1* shall obstynatlie refuse to repaire to some Churche Chapell or usuall Place of Coen Prayer, and shall forbeare by the space of a Moneth to heare Devyne Service as ys aforesaide, shall after the saide Fortye Dayes ether of him or themselfes, or by the Mocion Pswacyon Inticement or Allurement of anve other, willinglie joyne or be psent at anye suche Assemblies Conventicles or Metingf under colour or ptence of anye suche excise of Religion, contrarie to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme as ys aforesaide ; That then everie suche pson soe offendinge as aforesaide, and beinge therof laufullye convicted, shalbe comytted to Prison, there to remayne without Bayle or Mayneprese untill they shall conforme and yeald themselves to come to some Churche Chappell or usuall Place of Coen Prayer, and heare Devyne Service, accordinge to her Majesties Lawes and Statutf aforesaide, and to make suche open Submyssion and Declaracion of their saide Conformytic as hereafter in this Acte ys declared and appoynted.

Provided alwayes and be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That yf any suche pson or psons, wrh shall offend againste this Acte as aforesaid, shall not within Thre Monethcs next after they shalbe convicted of their saide Offence conforme themselves to the Obedience of the Lawes & Statutf of this Realme, in comynge to the Churche to heare Devyne Service, and in makinge suche publique Confession and Submyssion as hereafter in this Acte ys appoynted and expssed, beinge therunto requyred by the Bisshopp of the Dioces or any Justice of


10 E

For Punishment of seditious Sectaries;

Punishment of Persons above 16 Years old, who shall obstinately refuse to attend Divine Service according to Law, and shall persuade others to dispute the Queen's Authority in Ecclesiastical Cases, &c. or attend unlawful Conventicles; Imprisonment until Conformity and Submission.

n.

Offenders convicted not conforming and submitting within Three Months, shall abjure the Realm ; and refusing to do to, or returning to

Original from PENN STATE

842

35° Eliz. c. 1.

A.D. 1592-3.

the Realm, shall be deemed Felons without Benefit of Clergy.

HI.

Offenders mailing open Submission in Church, dischsrged from all Penalties.

Form of such Submission;

to be certified by the Minister to the Bishop.

IV.

Offenders relapsing shall be punishable as before their Submission.

V.

Penalty for relieving or harbouring any Recusant, id 10 per Month.

VI.

Proviso for harbouring Relations, &c.

(1) Peace of the Countye where the same pson shall happen to be, or by the Minister or Curate of the Parishe, That in everie suche case e9ye suche Offendor, beinge therunto warned or required by anye Justice of the

Peace of the same Countie where suche Offendor shall then be, shall upon his & their Corporall Oathe before

the Justices of (') Peace in the open Quarter Sessions of the same Countye, or at the Assises and Gaole Delyverie of the same Countie before the Justices of the same Assises and Gaole Delyverie, abjure this Realme of Englande and all other the Quenes Majesties Domynions for ever, unlesse her Majestie shall lycence the Partye to retorne, And therupon shall departe out of this Realme, att suche Haven or Porte and within suche tyme as shall in that behalfe be assigned and appointed by the saide Justices before whom suche Abjurac&n shalbe made, unlesse the same Offendor be letted or stayed by suche laufull and reasonable meanes or causes as by the Coen Lawes of this Realme are pmytted and allowed in cases of Abjuracion for Felonye; And in suche cases of lett or staye, then within suche reasonable and convenient tyme after as the Coen Lawe requirethe

in case of Abjuracion for Felonye as is aforesaide; And that the Justices of Peace before whom any suche

Abjuracion shall happen to be made as is aforesaid, shall cause the same psentlye to be entred of Recorde before them, and shall 9tefye the same to the Justicf of [Assise * ] & Gaole Delyverie of the saide Countie at the next Assises or Gaole Delyverie to be holden in the same Countye; And yf anye suche Offendor, whiche by the Tenor and Intent of this Acte ys to be abjured as ys aforesaide, shall refuse to make suche Abjuracion as is aforesaide, or after suche Abjuracyon made shall not goe to suche Haven, and within such tyme as ys before appoynted, and from thence depte out of this Realme accordinge to this p'sent Acte, or after suche his departure shall retome or come agayne into any her Majesties Realmes or Dnyons, without her Majesties spiall Licence in that behalfe firste had and obteyned, That then in everie suche case the pson so offendinge shalbe adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer as in case of Felony without Benefytt of Clergie.

And Furthermore be it enacted by the Aucthoritie of this psent Parliament, That yf anye pson or psons that shall at any tyme hereafter offende againste this Acte shall, before he or they be so warned or required to make Abjuracion accordinge to the Tenor of this Acte, repaire to some Parishe Churche on some Sondaye or other Festivall Daye, and then and there heare Devyne 9vice, and at Service tyme before the Sermon or readinge of the Gospell, make publyque and open Submyssion and Declaracion of his and their Conformytie to her Majesties Lawes and Statutf as hereafter in this Acte ys declared and appoynted, That then the same Offendor shall therupon be clearlye dischardged of and from all and everie the Penaltyes and Punyshmentf inflicted or ymposed by this Acte for anye of the Offences aforesaide: The same Submyssion to be made as hereafter followeth, That ys to saye. I A. B. doe humblie confesse and acknowledge that I have grevouslye offended God in contempnynge her Majesties godlye and laufull Goverment and Aucthoritie, by absenting my selfe from Churche and from hearinge Devyne Service contrarie to the godlye Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, and in usinge and frequentinge disordered and unlaufull Conventicles and Assemblies, under £>tence and colour of Excise of Religion; And I am hartely sorye for the same, & do acknowledge and testifye in my Conscience, that noe other pson have or ought to have any Power or Aucthoritie over her Majestie; And I doe pmysse and pteste, without any dissimulacfcn or any colour or meanes of any Dispensacbn, that from henceforth I will from tyme to tyme obey and pforme her Majesties Lawes and Statutes in repayringe to the Churche and hearinge Devyne Service and do my uttermost Endevor to maynteyne and defende the same. And that everie Minister or Curate of everie Parishe where suche Submyssion and Declaracion of Conformytie shall hereafter be soe made by anye (3) Offendor as aforesaide shall p>sentlye enter the same into a Booke to be kepte in everie Parishe for that purpose, and within tenne daies next tollowinge shall 9tefye the same in Writinge to the Bisshoppe of the saide Dioces.

Provided nevertheles, That yf any suche Offendor, after suche Submyssion made as ys aforesaide, shall afterwardes fall into relapse, or eftsones obstinatlye refuse to repaire to some Churche Chappell or usual Place of Comen Prayer to heare Devyne 9vice, and shall forbeare the same as aforesaide, or shall come and be p'sent at any suche Assemblyes Conventicles or Meetingf under colour or fkence of any excise of Religion cont*rie to her Majesties Lawes and Statutf, That then everie suche Offendor shall lose all suche Benefytt as he or she might otherwise by vertue of this Acte have or enjoye by reason of their saide Submyssion, and shall thereupon stande and remayne in suche Plyte Condicon and Degree to all intentf as thoughe suche Submyssion had never bene made.

And for that everie pson havinge House and Famylie ys in duety bounden to have special Regarde of the good Goverment & Ordering of the same: Be it enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, That yf any pson or psons shall at any tyme herafter relieve mainteyne reteyne or kepe, in his or their House or otherwise, any pson wch shall obstinatly refuse to come to some Churche Chappell or usuall Place of Coen Prayer to heare Devine 9vice, and shall forbeare the same by the space of a Monethe together, cont*rie to the Lawes & Statutf of this Realme, that then everie pson wch shall soe relieve maynteyne reteyne or kepe any such pson offendinge as aforesaide, after Notice therof to him or them given by the Ordynarie of the Dioces, or anye Justice of Assises of the Circuite, or anye Justice of Peace of the Countie, or the Minister Curate or Churchewardens of the Parishe where suche pson shall then be, or by anye of them, shall forfeyt to the Quenes Majestie for everie pson so relieved maynteyned reteyned or kepte after suche Notyce as aforesaide, tenne poundes for everie Monethe that he or they shall so relieve maynteyne reteyne or keepe any suche pson soe offendinge.

Provided nevertheles, That this Acte shall not in anie wise extende to punishe or ympeach anye pson or psons for relievinge maynteyninge or kepinge his or their Wief Father Mother Childe or Children, Warde Brother or Sister, or his Wyeff Father or Mother, not havinge any c?ten Place of Habitacon of their owne, or the Husbands or Wyves

1 the O. * Assises 0. * such 0.

Gck .ole

A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 1, 2.

843

of any of them ; or for relievinge maynteyninge or kepinge any suche pson as shalbe comytted by authoride to the Custodie of any by whom they shalbe soe relieved maynteyned or kepte; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the cont*rie notwithstandinge.

And for the more speedye levyinge and recoveringe for and by the Quenes Majestie of all and singuler the Paynes Dutyes Forfeytures and Paymentf w* at any tyme hereafter shall accrue growe or be payable by vertue of this Acte, or of the Statute made in the xxiij"* yere of her Majesties Raigne concerninge Recusantes: Be it enacted by the aucthoride aforesaide, That all and everie the saide Paynes Dutyes Forfeytures and Paymentf shall and maye be recovered and levied to her Majesties use by Acc&n of Debte Bill Playnt Informac&n or otherwise, in anie of the Courts coenlye called the Kings Benche C5en Plees or Exchequer, in suche Sorte and in all respects as by the ordynarie course of the Coen Lawes of this Realme, any other Debte due by any suche pson in anye other case shoulde or maye be recovered or levied, wherein noe Essoyne Pteccbn or Wager of Lawe shalbe admytted or allowed.

( ' ) Provided alwaies that the thirde parte of the Penalties to be had or receyved by vertue of this Acte shall be ymployed and bestowed to suche good and charitable uses, and in suche manner and forme as ys lymitted and appoynted in the Statute made in the xxviijlh yere of her Majesties Raigne touching Recusantf.

Provided also, That noe Popishe Recusante or Femme Coverte shalbe compelled or bounde to abjure by vertue of this Acte.

Provided also, That everie pson that shall abjure by force of this Acte, or refuse to abjure, beinge therunto required as aforesaide, shall forfeyt and loose to her Majestie all his Goodes & Chattells for ever, and shall further loose all his Landes Teiites and Hereditamentf for and duringe the lief onlie of suche Offendor, and no longer; And that the Wief of anye Offendor by force of this Acte shall not loose her Dower; nor that anye Corrupcftn of Bloode shall growe or be by reason of any Offence mencioned in this Acte; but that the Heire of everie suche Offendor by force of this Acte shall and maye after the Deathe of e9ye Offendor have and enjoye the Landes Tentes and Hereditamentf of suche Offendor as if this Acte had not bene made; And this Acte to contynewe no longer then to the ende of the next Session of Parliament.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte against Popishe Recusantf.

FOR the better dyscoveringe and avoydinge of all suche trayterous and moste daungerous Conspiracf and Attemptf, as are daylie devised and practised agaynste our moste gracious Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes Majestie and the happie Estate of this Comen Weale, by sundrie wicked and seditious psons, who tearmynge themselves Catholikes and beinge indeede Spyes & Intelligencers not onlie for her Majesties forreyne Enymes, but also for rebellious and trayterous Subjects borne within her Highnes Realmes and Domynions, and hydinge their moste detestable and devilishe Purposes under a false p*texte of Religion and Conscience, doe secretlye wander and shifte from Place to Place within this Realme, to corrupte and seduce her Majesties Subjects, and to stirre them to Sedicion and Rebellion: Be it ordeyned and enacted by our SoPaigne Ladye the Quenes Majestie and the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same. That evye pson above Thage of Sixtenc Yeres, borne within any the Quenes Majesties Realmes or Dnions or made Denizen, beinge a Popishe Recusant and before thend of this Session of Parliament convicted for not repayringe to some Churche Chappell or usuall Place of C5en Prayer, to heare Devyne Service there, but forbearinge the same cont*rie to the Tenor of the Lawes and Statutf heretofore made and pvided in that Behalfe, and havinge any ?ten Place of dwellinge and Abode within this Realme, shall within Fortie Dayes next after thend of this Session of Parliament, (yf they be within this Realme and not restreyned or stayed, ether by Imprisonment or by her Majesties Comaundement or by order and direction of some sixe or more of the Privie Counsell, or by suche Sicknes or Infirmitye of Bodye as they shall not be able to travell without ymynent daunger of Lief, and in suche Cases of Absence out of the Realme restrainte or staye, then within Twentie Daies next after they shall retorne into the Realme [or1] be enlarged of suche Imprisonment or Restreynte and shalbe liable to travell,) repaire to their Place of dwellinge where they usuallie heretofore made their coen Abode, and shall not any tyme after passe or remove above Fyve Myles from thence: And also that everie pson beinge above thage of Sixtene Yeres, borne within any her Majesties Realmes or Dnions or made Denizen, and havinge or w4 hereafter shall have any Sen Place of dwellinge and Abode within this Realme, wch beinge then a Popishe Recusant shall at anye tyme hereafter be laufully convicted for not repayringe to some Churche Chappell or usuall Place of Coen Prayer to heare Devyne Service there, but forbearinge the same cont'rie to the saide Lawes and Statutf, and beinge within this Realme at the tyme that they shalbe convicted, shall within Fortie Dayes next after the same Convice&n, (if they be not restrayned or stayed by Imprisonment or otherwise as is aforesaide, and in suche Cases of Restreynt and Staye, Then within Twentye Dayes next after they shalbe enlarged of suche Ymprisonment or Restreynte, and shalbe liable to travell,) repayre to their Place of usuall dwellinge and Abode, and shall not at any tyme after passe or remove above Fyve Myles from thence : upon payne that everie pson and psons that shall offende againste the Tenor & Intent of this Acte in any thinge before mencioned, shall

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original A3 in a separate Schedule. ' lit O.

VII.

Recovery and Application of Penalties under this Act and Elia. c. I. j

VIII. One-third of Penalties applicable as under

28, 29 Elia. c. ft.

IX.

Proviso for Popish Recusants and Femes Covert.

X.

Offenders abjuring, &c. shall forfeit their Goods, and Profits of their Lands for Life, &c.

Continuance of this Act.

For restraining Popish Recusants,

Subjects or Denizens, above 16 Years of Age, being Popish Recusants convict, shall repair to their Places of Abode, and not go Five Miles from thence, on Pain of Forfeiture of their Goods, and Profits of their Lands during Life.


844

35° Eliz. c. 2.

,4.0.1592-3.

lose and forfeyte all his and their Goodes and Chattells, and shall also forfeyte to the Quenes Majestie all the Landes Tents and Hereditamentf and all the Rents and Annuyties of everie suche pson soe doinge or offendinge, during the Lief of the same Offendor.

II.

Rtcuunti not having any Place of Abode, shall repair to the Place of their Birth, &c. and not remove ; on like Penalty.

And be it also enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, That everie pson above thage of Sirtene yeres, borne within anye her Majesties Realmes or Dnions, not havinge any ?ten Place of Dwelling and Abode within this Realme, and beinge a Popishe Recusant, not usuallie repairinge to some Churche Chappell or usuall Place of C5en Prayer, but forbearinge the same cont'rie to the same Lawes and Statutf in that Behalfe made, shall within sortie daies next after thende of this Session of Parliament, (yf they be then within the Realme and not ymprisoned restreyned or stayed as aforesaide, and in suche case of Absence out of the Realme Imprisonment Restreynt or Staye, then within Twentie Daies next after they shall retome into the Realme, and be enlarged of suche Ymprisonment or Restrainte, and shalbe able to travell,) repaire to the place where suche pson was borne, or where the Father or Mother of suche pson shall then be dwellinge; and shall not at anye tyme after remove or passe above Five Myles from thence; upon paine that everie pson and psons wch shall offende againste the Tenor and Intent of this Acte in any Thinge before mencioned, shall lose and forfeyte all his and their Goodes and Chattellf, and shall also forfeyte to the Quenes Majestie all the Landes Tents and Hereditamentf, and all the Rents and Annuyties of ev^ye suche pson so doinge or offendinge, during the Lief of the same pson.

HI. n

Copyholders being And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That evye suche Offendor as is before menc&ed, w® forfdMhei/Lsnds hathe or shall have any Londes Tents or Hereditamentf by Copie of Courte Rolle, or by any other customarie to the Lord, if not Tenure at the Will of the Lorde according to the Custome of any Mannor, shall forfeyte all & singuler his and he*be'to the Queen, their saide Landes Tentes and Hereditamentf, so holden by Coppie of Courte Rolle or Custumarie Tenure as

aforesaide, for and duringe the lief of suche Offendor (yf his or her Estate so long contynue) to the Lorde or Lordes of whome the same be ymediatlye holden, if the same Lorde or Lords be not then a Popishe Recusant, and convicted for not comynge to Churche to heare Devyne §vice, but forbearinge the same cont'rie to the Lawes and Statutf aforesaide,

nor seised or possessed uppon truste to the use or behoofe of any suche Recusant as aforesaide, and in suche case the same Forfeyture to be to the Quenes Majestie.

IV.

Recusant shall notify their Place of Abode to the Minister, who shall register and certify the same to the Sessions.

V.

Popish Recusants, not having Lands or Goods to a certain Amount, transgressing this Act, and refusing to conform and submit, shall abjure the Realm;

Phovided alwayes and be it further enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaide, That all suche psons as by the intent and true meanynge of this Acte are to make their repayre to their Place of dwellinge and Abode, or to the Place where they were borne, or where their Father or Mother shalbe dwellinge, and not to remove or passe above Five Myles from thence as is aforesaide, shall within Twentye dayes next after their comyng to any of the saide Places, as the Case shall happen, notyfie their comynge thither, and p'sent themselves and deliver their true Names in Writinge to the Minister or Curate of the same Parishe, and to the Constable Headboroughe or Tythingman of the Towne; and therupon the saide Minister or Curate shall p'sentlye enter the same into a Booke to be kepte in everie Parishe for that Purpose; And afterwarde the said Minister or Curate and the saide Constable Hedboroughe or Tithingman shall ?tefie the same in Writinge, to the Justices of the Peace of the same Countie at the next Genlall or Quarter Sessions to be holden in the saide Countie; and the saide Justices shall cause the same to be entred by the Clerke of the Peace in the Rolles of the same Sessions.

And to thend that the Realme be not pestered and overcharged withe the multitude of suche seditious and daungerous people as is aforesaide, whoe havinge litle or no habilitie to answere or satisfie any compotent penalde for their contempte and disobedience of the saide Lawes and Statutf, and beinge comytted to Prison for the same, doe lyve for the moste parte in better case there, then they colde yf they were Abrode at their own lititie; The Lordes Spuall and Tempo rail and the Comens in this p'sent Parliament assembled, doe moste humblie and instantlye beseeche the Quenes Majestie that it maye be further enacted, That yf any suche pson or psons beinge a Popishe Recusant, not beinge a Feme Coverte, and not havinge Landes Tents Rents or Annuydes of an absolute Estate of Iriheritaunce or Frehoulde of the clere yearely value of Twenty Marks above all Charges, to their owne use and behoofe and not upon any secrete Truste or Confydence for any other, or Goodes and Chattelles in their owne Righte and to theire owne pper use and behoofe, and not uppon anye secrete Truste or Confidence for any other, above the value of sortie powndes, shall not within the tyme before in this Acte in that behalfe lymited and appoynted, repayre to their place of usuall Dwellinge and Abode, if they have anye, or els to the place where they were borne, or where their Father or Mother shalbe dwellinge, accordinge to the tenor and intent of this p'sent Acte, And theruppon notifye their comynge and p'sent themselfes, and deliver their true true names in writinge to the Minister or Curate of the Parishe, and to the Constable Hedboroughe or Tithingman of the Towne, within suche tyme and in suche maner & forme as is aforesaide ; or at any tyme after suche their repairinge to any suche place as is before appoynted, shall passe or remove above fyve myles from the same, and shall not w‘hin thre monethes nexte after such pson shalbe apprehended or taken for offendinge as is aforesaide conforme themselfes to the obedience of the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, in comynge usuallye to the Churche to heare Devine Service, and in makinge suche publike Confession and Submyssion as hereafter in this Acte is appoynted and exp'ssed, beinge therunto required by the Bisshop of the Dioces, or any Justice of (') Peace of the County where the ^saide’] pson shall happen to be, or by the Minister or Curate of the Parishe ; that in everie suche case evye suche Offendor, beinge therunto warned or required by any two Justices of the Peace, or Coroner of the same Countie where suche Offendor shall then be, shall upon his and their Corporall Othe before

1 the O.

y GO(

A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 2.

84:'j

anye twoe Justices of the Peace or Coroner of the same Countie, abjure this Realme of Englande and all other the Quenes Majesties Domynions for ever; And therupon shall departe out of this Realme at suche Haven and Porte, and within suche tyme as shall in that behalfe be assigned and appointed, by the saide Justices of Peace or Coroner before whom suche Abjura&n shalbe made, unlesse the same Offendors be letted or stayed by suche laufull and reasonable meanes or causes as by the Coen Lawes of this Realme are pmytted and allowed in cases of Abjurac&n for Felonye, and in suche cases of Lett or Staye, then within such reasonable and convenient tyme after, as the Coen Lawe requireth in case of Abjuracftn for Felonye as is aforesaide; And that everie Justice of Peace and Coroner before whom anye suche Abjuracftn shall happen to be made as ys aforesaide, shall cause the same psentlie to be entred of Recorde before them, and shall &efye the same to the Justices of Assises and Gaole Delyverie of the saide Countie at the next Assises or Gaole Dely^y to be holden in the same Countye: and if anye suche Offendor w1" by the tenor and intent of this Acte is to be abjured as is aforesaide, shall refuse to make suche AbjuracSn as is aforesaide, or after suche AbjuracSn made, shall not goe to suche Haven and within suche tyme as ys before appointed, and from thence departe out of this Realme accordinge to this psent Acte, or after suche his depture shall retome or come agayne into any her Majesties Realmes or Dnions without her Majesties spiall Licence in that behalfe firste had and obteyned, That then in everie suche case the person so offendinge shalbe adjudged a Felon and shall suffer and lose as in case of Felonye without Benefytt of Clergie.

And be it further enacted and ordeyned by the auctoritie aforesaide, That if anye pson w* shalbe suspected to be a Jesuyte Semynarie or Massinge Priest, beinge examyned by any pson havinge laufull auctoritie in that behalfe to examyne suche pson w® shalbe so suspected, shall refuse to answere directlye and trulye whether he be a Jesuite or a Semynarie or Massinge Priest as ys aforesaide, everie suche pson so refusinge to answere, shall for his Disobedience and Contempte in that behalfe be comytted to prison by suche as shall examyne him as ys aforesaide, and therupon shall remayne and contynue in prison without Baile or Mayneprise untill he shall make directe and true answere to the saide Questions wherupon he shalbe soe examyned.

Provided nevertheles and be it further enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, That if anye of the psons w,h are hereby lymited and appoynted to contynue and abide within fyve Miles of their usuall Dwellinge Place, or of suche place where they were borne, or where their Father or Mother shalbe dwellinge as is aforesaide, shall have necessarie occasion or busynes to goe & travaile out of the compasse of the saide five myles. That then and in everie suche case upon licence in that behalf to be gotten under the Handes of two of the Justicf of the Peace of the same Countie, with the privitie and assent in writinge of the Bisshopp of the Dioces, or of the Lyveten*nte, or of anye Deputie Liveten'nte of the same Countie, under their Handes, it shall and maye be laufull for evye suche pson to goe and travell aboute suche their necessarie busynes, and for suche tyme onelye for their travellinge attendinge and retorninge as shalbe comprised in the same Lycence; any Thinge before in this Acte to the cont’rie notwithstandinge.

Provided also, That if any suche pson so restrayned as ys aforesaide, shalbe urged by Pees withoute fraude or covyne, or be bounden without fraude or covyne to make Apparance in any her Majesties Courts, or shalbe sent for comaunded or required by any thre or more of her Majesties Privie Counsell, or by any sower or more of anye Comyssioners to be in that behalfe noiated and assigned by her Majestie, to make Apparance before her Majesties saide Counsell or Comyssioners, That in everie suche case everie suche pson soe bounden urged comaunded or required to make suche Apparance, shall not incurre anye Payn Forfeiture or Losse for travellinge to make Apparance accordinglie, nor for his Abode concerninge the same, nor for convenient tyme for his retorne backe agayne upon the same.

And be it further pvided and enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, That yf anye suche pson or psons soe restreyned as is aforesaide shalbe bounde, or ought to yeald and render their bodyes to the Sherief of the Countie where they shall happen to be, upon Pclamac&n in that behalfe without fraude or covyn to be made, That then in everie suche case e$ye suche pson wcU shalbe soe bounden, or ought to yealde [or1 ] render their bodye as aforesaide, shall not incurre anye Payne Forfeyture or Losse for travelinge for that intent and purpose onelye, without anye fraude or covyn, nor for convenient tyme taken for their retome backe againe upon the same.

And furthermore be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That if anye pson or psons that shall at any tyme hereafter offend againste this Acte, shall before he or they shalbe thereof convicted, come to some Parishe Churche on some Sondaye or other Festivall Daye, and then and there heare Devine Service, and at Service tyme before the Sermon or readinge of the Ghospell, make publike and open Submission and Declaracon of his and their Conformytie to her Majesties Lawes Sc Statutf as hereafter in this Acte is declared and appoynted, that then the same Offendor shall therupon be clerelie discharged of and from all and everie Paynes and Forfeitures inflicted or ymposed by this Acte for anye of the saide Offences in this Acte conteyned; the same Submyssion to bee made as hereafter followeth, That is to saye: I A. B. doe humblie confesse and acknowledge that I have grevouslie offended God in contempninge her Majesties godlie and laufull Goverment and Auctoritie, by absentinge myselfe from Churche and from hearinge Devine Service cont*rie to the godlie Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, and I am hartelye sorie for the same, and doe acknowledge and tesrifye in my conscience that the Bysshoppe or Sea of Rome hathe not nor oughte to have any Power or Auctoritie over her Majestie or within any her Majesties Realmes or Dnions: And I doe pmyse and pteste, without any DissimulaCon or any Colour or Meanes of any Dispensation, that from henceforthe I will from tyme to tyme obey

Such Abjuration shall be recorded j

Recusants refusing to abjure, &c. deemed Felons without Clergy.

VI.

Suspected Jesuits, &c. refusing to answer on Examination may be imprisoned.

VII. Recusants may he licensed to travel above 5 Miles on Business, 4c.

VIII. Proviso for Recusants called on to appear by Process of Courts, kc.

IX.

Proviso for Recusants bound to yield their Bodies to the Sheriff.

X.

Offenders making open Submission in Church discharged from all Penalties:

Form of such Submission


1 and 0. io F

846

35° Eliz. c.2, 3.

y^LD. 1592-3.

to be certified by the Minister to the Bishop.

and pforme her Majesties Lawes and Statutf in repayringe to the Churche and hearinge Devine Service, and doe my uttermost Endevor to maynteyne and defende the same: And that everie Minister or Curate of everie Parishe, where suche Submyssion & Declara&n of Conformytie shall hereafter be soe made by anye suche Offendor as aforesaide, shall psentlie enter the same into a Booke to be kepte in everie Parishe for that purpose, and within tenne daies then nexte followinge shall c’tefye the same in writinge to the Bisshoppe of the same Dioces.

Offenden relapsing Provided nevertheles. That yf any suche Offendor after suche Submyssion made as ys aforesaid, shall afterwarde shall be punishable fall into Relapse, or eftsones become a Recusant in not repairinge to Churche to heare Devyne Service, but shall Submission. forbeare the same contrarie to the Lawes and Statutf in that behalfe made and pvided, that then everie suche Offendor

shall lose all suche Benefytt as he or she might otherwise by vertue of this Acte have or enjoye by reason of their saide Submyssion, and shall therupon stande and remayne in suche Plight CondicSn and Degree to all Intentf as though suche Submyssion had never bene made.

XII.

Femes Covert subject to this Act, except ns to Abjuration.

(') Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaide, That all and everie [Yoman1] maryed or hereafter to be maryed, shalbe bounde by all and everie Article Braunche and Matter conteyned in this Statute, other then the Braunche and Article of Abjurac&n before mencioned; and that noe suche Woman married or to be maryed, duringe Maryage shalbe in any wise forced or compelled to abjure, or be abjured by vertue of this Acte; Anye Thinge therin conteyned to the cont*rie thereof notwithstandinge.

Doubts as to Grants from dissolved Abbies, &c. not provided for by St. 34,35H.VIlI. c.2i.

All Abbey Lands, &c. which after Feb. 27 H. VIII. came to the Hands of that King, declared to be fully vested in him, and all Grants of such Lands by him, declared valid to all Intents.

II.

All Foundations of Deans, Chapters, and Colleges by K. Henry VIII. declared valid.

III.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

CHAPTER m.

An Acte explaining the Statute of 340 H. 8. touchinge Grauntf.

FORASMUCHE as div*se Ambiguyties Dowbtf and Questions have risen and bene moved, aswell towchinge div*se Surrenders Grauntes and Conveyauncf made and graunted by sundrie late Abbottf Priors and other Religious and Ecdiasticall psons, to the late Kinge of famous Memorie Kinge Henrie the Eight, after the fourthe daye of Februarie in the seaven and twentieth yere of his Reigne, of div*se their Honors Mannors Landes Tents and Hereditamentf j as also towchinge and concerninge the validitie of the Ereccbns of suche Deanes and Chapiters, and suche Colledgf as were erected ordeyned made or founded by the saide late Kinge Henrie the Eight, after the saide fourthe daye of Februarie in the said seaven and twentieth yere of his Raigne; And forasmuche as the same Dowbtf and Questions seme not to be sufficientlie remedied or pvided for by the Statute made in the fowr and thirtieth yere of the Raigne of the saide late Kinge Henrie the Eight, entituled An Acte for Confirmacon of tres Patentf, notwithstandinge mysnamynge of any Thinge conteyned in the same: Be it therfore declared explaned and enacted by auctoritie of this psent Parliament, That all and everie Honors Mannors Landes Tents and Hereditamentf, w* at any tyme heretofore were the Possessions of any Abbey Monasterie Priorie Nunnerie or other Religious or Ecdiasticall House or Houses, and w* after the saide fourth daye of Februarie in the saide seven and twentieth yere of the saide late Kinge Henrie the Eight, came to the Handes or Possession of the saide late Kinge Henrie theight, or w® were put in Chardge to or for his Highnes, in his Courte of Exchequer or any other Courts of the saide late Kinge concerninge his Majesties Revenues, or by any Audytor or other Officer of the saide late Kinge, or w'*, after the saide Fourthe Daie of Februarie in the xxvijlh yere aforesaide, were graunted or conveighed or mencioned to be graunted or conveyed in or by anye tres Patentf whatsoever made by the saide late Kinge Henrie Theight to any pson or psons Bodie Politique or Corporate, were and shalbe reputed taken and adjuged to have bene laufullie & pfectlie in the actuall and reall Possession of the saide late Kinge and his Heires and Successors, at suche tyme as the same did soe come to his Majesties Handes and Possession, or were soe put in Chardge or graunted or conveyed by the saide late Kinge Henrie Theight as aforesaide ■, notwithstandinge any defecte wante or insufficiencie of or in any Surrender Graunte or Conveyaunce of the same Honors Manors Landes Tents or Hereditamentf or anye parte therof, to the saide late Kinge Henrie theight, or anye other Matter or Cause whatsoever, by wch his Highnes was or myghte have been entituled to the same.

And Be it further declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That all and singuler tres Patentes made by the saide Kinge Henrie the Eight, at anye tyme after the saide fourthe daye of Februarie in the saide xxvij,h yere of his Raigne, for the Erection Foundac&n Incorporac&n or Indowment of anye Deane and Chapiter or Colledge, were and shalbe reputed taken and adjudged to have bene good pfecte and effectuall in the Lawe for all thinges therein conteyned, accordinge to the true intent and meaninge of the same; Any Thinge Matter or Cause to the cont*rie thereof in anye wise notwithstandinge.

Savings alwayes unto all Pson and Psons Bodyes Pollitiq., and Corporate, their Heires and Successors, and everie of them, other then the late Abbottf Abbesses Priors Prioresses and other Governours of suche Abbeyes Monasteries Prioryes Nunneries and other Religious and Ecdiasticall Houses, and their Successors, and suche as ^tended to be Founders Patrones or Donors of the same or anye of them, or of any

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* Woman O.


I.

A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 3, 4.

847

t

i

k

i

i

i

i

t

e

t

t

i

I



I

i

Mannors Landes Tehtf or Hereditament belonging to the same or to anye of them, and their and everie of their Heires and Successors, all suche Righte Title Interest Clayme and Demaunde, as they or anye of them, or their or anye of their Auncesters or Predecessors, myght or ought to have had of in to or out of anye suche Honors Mannors Landes Tehtf or Hereditamentf, before the saide fourthe daye of Februarie in the xxvij* yere of the Raigne of the saide Kinge Henrie the Eighte, or before the makinge of suche Ires Patentf by the saide Kinge Henrie the Eight; as yf the saide Ires Patentf made by the saide Kinge Henrie the Eight, and the saide Statute made in the saide xzxiiiju> yere of his Raigne, and this fPsent Acte, had never bene made; This Acte or anye thinge therin conteyned to the cont*rie notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for Relief of Souldiours.

FORASMUCHE as yt is agreable with Christian Charide Pollicie and the Honor of our Nacyon, that suche as have synce the twentie fyveth Daye of Marche Anno 1588, adventured their Lyves and loste their Lymmes or disabled their Bodies, or shall hereafter adventure their Lyves (1) loose their Lymes or dishable their Bodies, in the defence and service of her Majesrie and the State, shoulde at their retome be relieved and rewarded, to thend that they maye reape the Fruytf of their good deservingf, and others maye be incowraged to pforme the like Endevors: Be it enacted by the Awthoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That everie Parishe within this Realme of Englande and Wales shalbe charged to paye weekelye suche a Some of Money towards the Relief of sicke hurte and maymed Souldiors and Marriners that soe have bene as afore is saide, or shall leesse their Lymmes or dishable their Bodies, havinge ben pressed and in paye for her Majesties Service, as by the Justices of Peace or the more parte of them, in their GeHall Quarter Sessions to be houlden in the sePall Countyes next after thend of two monethes from the laste Daye of this psent Session of Parliament, and so from tyme to tyme at the like Quarter Sessions to be houlden aboute the Feast of Saincte John Baptiste yerelie, shalbe appointed; so as noe Parishe be rated above the some of Sixe Pence nor under the s5me of One Penny weekely to be paide, and soe as the totall some of suche Taxac&n of the Parishes in anye Countie where there shalbe above Fyftie Parishes amounte not above the Rate of Two Pence for everie Parishe in the same Countie; w4 somes so taxed shalbe yerelie assessed by the Agreament of the Parisshioners within themselves, or in default thereof by the Churchewardens and the Constables of the same Parishe or the more parte of them, or in defaulte of their Agreament, by the Order of suche Justices of Peace as shall dwell in the same Parishe, or (if none be there dwellinge) in the Partes nexte adjoyninge; And if anye pson shall refuse or neglecte to paye anye (*) Porcbn of Moneye soe taxed, it shalbe laufull for the saide Churchewardens and Constables, or in their Defaultf for the saide Justices of Peace, to levye suche some by Distresse and Sale of the Goodes or Chattells of the Partie soe refusinge or neglectinge, rendringe to the partie the Overplus raised upon suche Sale.

And for the collectinge and Custodie of the somes taxed in forme aforesaide, Be it enacted, That the Churchewardens of everie Parishe shall trulie collecte eVye suche some, and the same shall paye over unto the Highe Constable in whose Division suche Parishe shalbe scituate, within Tenne Dayes before the saide Quarter Sessions to be helde next after twoe Monethes expired from this Session of Parliament in the Countie where the saide Parishe shalbe scituate, and so from tyme to tyme quarterlie within Tenne Dayes before everie Quarter Sessions; And that everie suche Highe Constable, at ev'ye suche Quarter Sessions in suche Countie, shall paye over the same to twoe

suche Justicf of Peace or to one of them, as shalbe by the more parte of the Justicf of Peace of the same Countie

elected to be Treasorers of the saide Collection, w* Treasorers in everie Counde so chosen, shall contynue but

for the space of one whole yere, and then give upp their Chardge withe a due Accoinpte of their Receiprf and

Disbursmentf at their Meeting in Quarter Sessions to suche others as shall from yere to yere in the Forme aforesaide successivelye be elected. And if anye Churchewarden or Highe Constable or his Executors or Admynistrators, shall fayle to make payment in forme above specified, then everie Churchewarden his Executors or Admynistrators so offendinge shall forfeite the some of Tenne Shillingf, and everie Highe Constable his Executors or Admynistrators the some of Fourty Shill nges, to be levyed by the Treasorers aforesaide, by Distresse and Sale in Manner before expressed, and to be taken by the saide Treasorers in Augmentation of thire Stocke to the Uses aforesaide: And if anye Treasourer his Executors or Admynistrators shall fayle to give upp his Accompte or shalbe otherwise negligent in the Execuc&n of his Chardge, then it shalbe laufull for the more parte of the Justices of Peace of the same Countie in their Sessions to assesse suche Fyne upon suche Treasourer his Execuf or Admynistrators as in their discrec&n shall seeme convenient.

And for the true and just distribuc&n and ymployment of the somes so receyved accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte, Be it enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaide. That everie Souldior or Marriner, havinge had his or their Lymmes lost or dishabled in their Bodies by Service, beinge in her Majesties paye as above is mencioned, or suche as shall hereafter retume into this Realme hurte or maymed or grevouslie sicke, shall repaire if hee bee able to travaile and make his Complaynte to the Treasourers of the Counde out of w1* he was pressed, or if he were no presr Man to

1 & 0. • suche 0.

For providing for disabled Soldiers,

See.

Weekly Rates shall be raised in every Parish for that Purpose;

leviable by Distress.

II.

Churchwardens shall collect Rates, and pay them to High Constables ; and they at the Sessions to the Treasurers, tic.

Penalty on Churchwardens, See. for Neglect of Duty.

Fine upon Treasurer not accounting.

III.

For distributing such Relief to disabled Soldiers and Mariners, by Pensions payable Quarterly by Treasurers, tic.

848

35° Eliz. c. 4.

A.D. 1592-3.

IV.

For reliering «uch Soldiers while travelling to their proper County.

V.

County Treasurers, &c. shall keep Registers and Accounts.

VI.

Treasurer refusing Relief may be fined.

VII. Soldiers begging, &c. shall forfeit their Pensions, &c.

VIII. Surplus shall be applied to the Poor under Stats. 14 Eliz. c. 5.

18 Eliz. c. 3.

IX.

Proviso for executing this Act, in Cities, be.

the Treasourers of the Countie where he was abidinge by the more parte of Thre Yeres before his departure to serve, or of the Countie where he was borne, at his eleccon; and if he be not able to travell to the Tresorers of the Countie where he shall lande or arrive, and shall bringe a Certificate unto anye of the Treasourers aforesaide under the Hande and Seale of the GeSall of the Campe or Governor of the Towne wherin he served, and of the Captayne of the Bande under whom he served, or his Lyveten*nte, or in the absence of the saide Genial I or Governour, from the Marshall or Deputie of the Governor, or from any Admyrall of her Majesties Flete, or in his Absence from any other GeSall of her Majesties Shippes at the Seas, or in absence of suche GeSall from the Captayne of the Shippes wherin the saide Mariner or Souldior did serve the Quenes Majestie, conteyninge the pticulers of his Hurtes and Services; W1* Certificate shalbe also allowed by the GeSall Muster Master for the tyme beinge residinge here within this Realme, or Receyvor GeSall of the Muster Rolles, the Treasourer [or1] Comptroller of her Majesties Navie, under his Hande, that for the avoydinge of all Fraude and counterfeytinge; upon w* Certificate suche Treasourers as are before expssed, shall accordinge to the nature of his Hurte and ComendacSn of his Service, assigne unto him suche a porc6n of Relief as in their discrecon shall seeme convenient for his p>sent Necessitye untill the next Quarter Sessions, at the w'h yt shalbe laufull for the more parte of the Justicf of Peace under their Handes, to make an Instrument of Graunte of the same or like Relief to endure as longe as this Acte shall stande in force, w'" shalbe a sufficient Warraunte to all Treasourers of the same Countie to make payment of suche pencon unto suche psons quarterlie, excepte the same shalbe afterwards by the saide Justices revoked; so that suche Relief as shalbe asigned by suche Treasourers or Justices of Peace to any suche Souldior or Mariner, havinge not borne Office in the saide Warres, exceede not the some in grosse nor yerelie pencon of Tenne Pounds, nor to any that hath borne Office under the Degree of a Lyveten*nte, the some of Fyftene Poundes, nor to any that hathe served in the Office of Lyveten'nte, the some of Twentie Poundes.

And Wheras it must needes fall out that manye of suche hurte and maymed Souldyours and Marriners doe arrive in parts and places, farre remote from the Counties whence they are by vertue of this Acte to rcceyve their yerelie Annuyties and Pencons, as also they are pWibed by this Acte to obteyne the Allowance of their Certificates from the Muster Master or Receyvor GeWall of the Muster Rolles, whoe comonlie is like to abyde aboute the Courte or London, soe as theye shall nede at the firste Pvision for the bearinge of their Charges to suche places; Be it therfore enacted, That it maye be laufull for the Treasourers of the Countie where they shall arrive, in their discrecon, upon their Certificate thoughe not allowed, to give them anye convenient Relief for their journey, to carrie them to the next Countie, withe a Testimoniall of their Allowance to passe one towards suche a place; and in like manner shall it be laufull for the Treasourers of the nexte Countie to doe the like, and so from Countie to Countye till they come to the Place where they are directed to fynde their Maynten*nce, accordinge to the Tenor of this Statute.

And for the better Execuf&n of this Acte in all the braunches therof, Be it enacted, That everie suche Treasourers in their their sev'all Counties shall kepe a true Booke of Computacion of all suche somes as they levye, and also a Register of the Names of ePye such pson unto whom they shall have disbursed any Relief, and shall also pserve and enter ePy c^ficate by Warraunte wherof such Relief hath bene by them disbursed; And also that the Muster Master or Receyvor Genial 1 of the Muster Rolles shall kepe a Booke wherin shalbe entred the Names of all suche whose c?tificates shalbe by him allowed, withe an Abstracte of thire Certificates.

And be it further enacted, That if anye Treasourer shall wilfullie refuse to distribute and give any Relief accordinge to the forme of this Acte, that it shalbe laufull for the Justicf of Peace in theire Quarter Sessions to fyne suche Treasourer by their discrec&ns ; the same Fyne to be levied by Distresse and Sale therof, to be psecuted by any two of them whom they shall aucthorise.

And be it also enacted, That everie Souldior or Marriner that shalbe taken begginge in anye place within this Realme after the Feaste of All Sainctf next, or any that shall counterfeyte any Certificate in this Acte expssed, shall for ever leese his Annuytie or Penc&n, and shalbe taken deemed & adjudged as a coen Rogue or Vagabond pson, and shall have and susteyne the same and the like paynes ymprisonment and punyshment as is appoynted and pvided for comon Rogues & Vagabonde psons.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That all the surplusage of Money w* shalbe remayninge in the Stocke of anye Countie shall by discrec&n of the more parte of the Justicf of Peace in their Quarter Sessions, be ordered distributed and bestowed upon suche good and charitable Uses, and in suche forme as are lymitted and appointed in the Statutf made in the xiiiju‘ and xviiju‘ yeres of her Majesties Raigne, intituled An Acte for the punyshment of Vagabundf, and for the Relief of the Poore and Ympotent; And An Acte for the settinge of the Poore on worke, and for avoydinge of Ydlenes.

Provided alwaies, That the Justices of Peace within anye Countie of this Realme or Wales, shall not intromytt or enter into anye Cittie Boroughe Place or Towne Corporate, where is anye Justice of Peace for anye suche Cittie Boroughe Place or Towne Corporate, for the Execucon of anye Article of this Acte; but that it shalbe laufull to the Justice and Justicf of Peace Maiors Baylifif and other Hed Officers of those Citties Boroughes Places and Townes Corporate where there is anye Justice of Peace, to pceede to the Execuc&n of this Acte within the {Pcincte and Compasse of their Libtyes, in suche manner as the Justicf of Peace in any Countie maye doe by vertue of

' & 0.


A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 4, 5.

849

this Acte; and that cQyc Justice of Peace within everie such Cittie Boroughe Place or Town* Corporate, for everie Offence by him comytted confrie to the meaninge of this Statute, shalbe fyneable as other Justice* of Peace at large in the Counties are by this Acte appoynted to be; and that the Maior and Justicf of Peace in everie suche Cittie Boroughe Place and Towne Corporate, shall have aucthoritie by this Acte to appoynte anye pson for receyvinge of the saide Money, and paytnge of the same within suche Cittie Boroughe Place or Towne Corporate, w* pun so appointed shall have authoritie to doe all suche Things, and be subjecte to all suche Penalties, as Highe Constables by vertue of this Acte sholde have or be.

Pkovided alwaies, That this Acte shall indure noc longer then to thend of the next Session of Parliament.

CHAPTER V.

Am Acte confyrming the Queues Title to the Lands of Sir Frauncf Englefield.

’VTTHERE Sir Frauncys Englefeilde Knight, the Queues Majesties naturall borne Subjecte, depted this Realme in the W first yere of her Majesties Raigne withe Licence of her Majestie, but after se&dl Licences expired, did remayne and contynue in the Parts beyond the Seas in contempte of the Queues Majestic and the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, notwithstandinge he had the Quenes Ma"" ex^sse and spedall Comaundnt' under her Privie Seale to retome s And where he so beinge in the same Parts beyonde the Seas, bearinge a traitorous Harte to her Majestie and this her Realme, and knowinge his pson to be safe from the reache of all due Punyshment, beinge in the Domynions of the Kinge of Spayne and of the Pope of Rome, and havinge alwaies sithence his firste goinge over the Seas as is aforcsaide a lull purpose to enter into some treasonable Acton againste her Majestie and this Realme, thought the same ne$theles to pvide for the saftye of his Mannors Landes and Hereditamentf, wherby the same might saflie remaine in his Bloode and not be subject to any manner of Petultye or Forfeiture, whatsoever treasonable Acton he shoulde undertake or practiseaccordinge wherunto the saide Frauncys beinge in the saide Parts beyond the Seas, in the Cittie of Rome, in f'sence of diPse Archtraitors to her Majestie and this her Realme, did upon fraude and feyned Considerscbns make a conveyance of all his said Mannors Landes and Hereditamentf to the use of himselfe for lief, and after his decease to the use of Frauncys Englefielde, Nephewe to the said Sir Frauncis, videtr, Sonne of John Englefeild younger Brother of the saide Sir Frauncis, and the Hyeree Male of his bodye laufully begotten, with Remaynder or Remaynders over j with or upon condlton notwithstandinge, That if the said Sir Frauncis shoulde, by himselfe or any other at any tyme then after duringe his natural lief, delyver or offer unto the said Frauncis the Nephewe or his Heires Executors or Admynistrators, one Ringe of Goulde, to the Intent to make the uses and lymitatons lytnited raised and appointed in the saide Conveyaunce voide, that then & from thcnceforthc all the saide Estates Uses and Lymitatons raised and appoynted by the saide Conveyance, shoulde be utterlie voide and of none Effect e; and that then the said Mannors and ^misses should be in such Sorte Estate and Degree as they were before the makingc of the saide Conveyance j the countcpte or other parte of w"‘ Conveyaunce the saide Frauncis the Nephewe who was partie to the saide Conveyaunce had and sealed: After wrh Conveyaunce so made the said Sir Frauncis, thinckinge to be in all safety aswell for his pson as for his Landes, hathe comytted most detestable and

horrible Treasons againste the Quenes Majestie and this her Realme, beinge the chiefest Mover and Setter on of the

late intended Spanyshe Invasion, & Mover and Peurer of forreyne Princes to be her Majesties Enymes, w’1' sithence that tyme hath stode and coste the Quene and this her Highnes Realme inestimable Charges, and is stil the cause and occasion of the like contynuall Charges and Expences j For wdl his detestable Treasons the said Sir Frauncis Englefield Knight, accordinge to his Dcmerittf, is aswell by the Coen Lawes of this Realme as by a Statute made in the Parliament holden at Westm the xxix"’ daie of October in the xxviij"' yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne, convicted and attaynted of Highe Treason; and aswell by the saide Statute as by other the Lawes and Sratutf of this Realme, the saide Sir Frauncys Englefeild Knight, hathe loste and forfeited to the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successors all his Mannors Landes Tetites Rents Revcons Remaynders Rights Conditons and Hereditamentf whatsoever wrt he had to his owne use, the daye and tyme of his saide Treasons comytted or any tyino sithence, and the same were actuallye adjudged and invested in the actuall and real! Possession of her Majestie without

anye Office or Inquisiton: And Where also in the saide Parliament holden in the saide xxviij"1 yere of her

Majesties Raigne, it was by a Statute intituled An Acte to avoide fraudulent Assuraunce* made in $cn Causes by Traytors, enacted, That everie pson and psons w(k had or davmed to have any Estate of Inheritaunce Lease or Rent, then not entred of Recorde or ?tefyed into her Majesties Courte of Exchequier, of in or to or out of any Mannors Landes or Hereditamentf, by or under any Graunte Assuraunces or Conveyauncf whatsoever had made or done at any tyme sithence the begininge of her Majesties Raigne by any pson atteynted for any the Treasons mcncioned in the saide Acte, sithence the eight daie of Februaric in the eightene yere of her Majesties Raigne, shoulde within two yercs next ensuynge the laste daye of that Session of the same Parliament openly shewe and bringe for the, or cause to be shewed and brought forth, into her Majesties saide.Courte of Exchequer, the same his or their Graunte Conveyaunce and Assuraunce, w* he or they then or then before had or p*tended to have, of in or to any the Mannors Landes Teiitf or Hereditamentf of the saide Traytors mencioned in the saide Statute, and there in terme tyme in open Courte shoulde offer and exhibite the same Graunte Conveyaunce and Assuraunce; or upon his or their Oathe atlirmyng that he or they then had not nor coulde not come by the same, or that it w.-is never put in Writinge, then theffecte thcrof in Writinge to be entred and inroiled of Recorde, or els everie suche Graunte Conveyaunce and Assuraunce shoulde

Departure of Sir F. Englefield out of the Realm by Liccneca now expired, and hii Neglect to return i

Fraudulent Conveyance* by him of hi* Estate* in Trait, 4tc. with Proviio for avoiding the same by Tender of a Gold Ring i

Treason*

committed by hint in foreign P»rt* j

Hi* Attainder and Forfeiture under 38, 39 Elia. c. 1.

St. e

for inrolling and avoiding Conveyances by Traitots:


10 G

850

Tenor of Effect of a Conveyance exhibited in the Exchequer by the Nephew of Sir F. Englefield, under said Act 28, 29 Eliz. c. 3.

Deficiencies therein

Tender of the Ring by Commissioners from the Queen to the Nephew;

Attainders of Sir F. Englefield confirmed:

The Queen declared entitled to the Benefit of the said Tender of the Ring, and to Possession of the Estates.

35° Eliz. c. 5. ^.D. 1592-3.

be utterlie voide and of none Effecte to all Intentf & Purposes ; as by the same Statute more at large doeth appeare: And Wheras also the saide Frauncis Englefield the Nephewe, in the Terme of S' Michaell the xxix,h and thirtieth yeres of the Quenes Majesties Raigne, viz. on the twentith daie of November in the said thirtieth yere of her Highnes Raigne, did come in pper pson into her Majesties Courte of Exchequer, and ther in open Courte did exhibite a Writinge beinge as he alledged, theffecte of a ?ten Graunte Conveyaunce & Assuraunce made by the saide Sir Frauncis Englefielde, after the begiiiinge of her Majesties Raigne, of sondrie the Mannors Landes Teiitf and Hereditamentf of the saide Sir Frauncis Englefield, and there in open Courte dide take a Corporall Oathe that he then had not the saide Graunte Conveyance or Assuraunce, nor then coulde come by the same; The tenor of wch saide Writinge of Effecte so exhibited by the saide Frauncis Englefield the Nephewe, hereafter followeth, in hec verba, viz. ss. Berk Oxoii Wiltes Buck War? Salopp, &c. ss. The Effecte of a Conveyance made by Sir Frauncis Englefield Knight, late atteynted of Highe Treason ss. The saide Sir Frauncis Englefield sithence the beginninge of the Quenes Majesties Raigne that nowe ys, and longe before the Treason comytted for the wch the saide Sir Frauncis is attaynted, and longe before the Statute made in the thirtenth yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne that nowe ys, againste Fugitives beyonde the Seas, in Pformaunce of sundrie Pmises and Agreamentf betwene him and Sir Edwarde Fyton, then of Gosworthe in the Countie of Chester Knight, nowe deceased, made upon conclusion of a Manage betwene John Englefield Brother of the saide Sir Frauncis Englefield and Margaret Fyton Sister of the saide Sir Edwarde, did by his Deede indented in Writinge, for and in considerac&n of the great Favor Zeale and Affection that he did beare to Frauncis Englefield, Sonne of the saide John, and of the nerenes of Bloode that was betwene them, and for the advauncement in livinge of the saide Frauncis the Nephewe in tyme to come, and for his pferment, and for the contynuance of the Landes and Teiitf of the saide Sir Frauncis Englefield, in the saide Deede expssed, in the Bloode of the saide Sir Frauncis Englefield, and in the name of the Englefieldes, and for diPse other good causes and considerac&ns him movinge, for him and his Heires coven*nted and graunted to and withe the pson or psons partie to the saide Deede, That he the said Sir Frauncis Englefield and his Heires, and all and everie other pson and psons and his and their Heires, that then stoode and were seised, or that after that tyme shouldc stande and be seised, of or in the Mannors of Englefield Tydfishe Tylehurste Shindlesham Brimpton lllsey South Moreton Spenhamlande and Hartridge, and the Groundes called Kyttenden and Permens in the Countie of Berk, the Mannors of Shiplack Lashebroke and Dunsdon, and the Grounde knowen by the name of Exlade in the Countie of Oxoii, the Mannor of Wootton Bassett in the Countie of Wiltes, the Mannor of Edgcott in the Countie of Buck, the Groundes and Pastures called Broughton in the Countie of Warr, and the RePcSn & Remaynder of the Parke called Fulbroke Parke in the saide Countie of Warr, and of or in the Mannor & Isle of Uprossall and the Mannors of Yeaton and Yagden in the Countie of Salopp, with all & singuler their Rights Members & Appurten'ncf, And of and in all and whatsoever other Mannors Fermes Mesuagf Landes Teiitf Woodes Waters Fisshingf Rents Rev’cons Remaynders sviccs and Hereditamentf whatsoever, in the saide Counties of Berk Oxoii Wiltes Buk Warr and Salopp, or elswhere within the Realme of Englande, in w*1* the said Sir Frauncis Englefield then had anye Estate of Inheritaunce, shoulde from thenceforthe stande and be seised thereof, and of everie Parte therof and Parcell therof, to the Uses and Intentes in the saide Deede ex passed, and to none other Use Intent or Purpose; that is to saye, to the Use of the saide Sir Frauncis Englefield for terme of his Lief naturall, and after his Decease to the Use of the said [Sir1] Frauncis Englefielde his Nephewe, and of his Heires Males of his Bodye laufullie begotten, and for defalte of suche Yssues to the Use of the right Heires and Assignes of the saide Frauncis Englefield the Nephewe for evermore: Provided alwaies that if it shoulde fortune the saide Sir Frauncis Englefield after that tyme to have anye Yssue Male of his Bodie laufullie begotten, that then and from thenceforth all the Uses Estates and Lymitac6ns whatsoever conteyned or expssed in the saide Deede, shoulde be utterlie voide and of none Effect; as by the same Writinge exhibited in the saide Courte of Exchequer, and there remayninge of Recorde, yt doeth and maye appeare: In wch saide Writinge so exhibited by the saide Frauncis Englefield the Nephewe, as theffecte of the saide supposed Conveyance made by the saide Sir Frauncis Englefield, the saide Frauncis Englefield the Nephewe hath not expssed the <?teyne and true date and tyme of the makinge of the said Conveyance or Assuraunce, nor the saide Condic&n or Pviso, that upon the saide Tender of a Ringe of Goulde as aforesaide, the saide Conveyance shoulde be voide, but hath utterlie omitted the same: And Where also our SoPaigne Ladie the Quenes Majestie directed her Highnes Comission under the Great Seale of Englande, to Richarde Broughton and Henrie Bourghchier Esquiers, aucthorisinge them therby joyntlie and sePallie for her Majestie, and in her Majesties Place Stead and Pson, to deliver or offer unto the saide Frauncys Englefield the Nephewe a Ringe of Goulde, to thintent to make frustrate the Uses and Lymitacons lymited raised ano appoynted in the saide Writinge made by the saide Sir Frauncis Englefield ; by force of wc" saide Comyssion the saide Richarde Broughton and Henry Bourghchier did, for our said Soveraigne Ladie the Quene, and in the Name Place Stead and Pson of her Majestie, offer to the saide Frauncis Englefield the Nephewe one Ringe of Goulde, accordinge to theffecte and tenor of the said Comyssion, to thintent to make voide the saide Uses and Lymitacons; as by the saide Comyssion, and the Retome therof remayninge likewise of Recorde in the saide Courte of Exchequer more at large it doeth and maie appeare : Be it declared and enacted by the authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That the saide sePall Attayndors of the saide Sir Frauncis Englefield shall stand and be good and effectuall in the Lawe ; And that the Quenes Majestie lawfullie and justlie was, & by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme ought to be, intituled to take the Benefytt and Advantage of the saide CondicSn and Pviso, and that in such and the same Manner Forme and Degree, and as amplie and fullie in everie respecte, as the saide Sir Frauncys Englefield Knight himselfe at any tyme might have done; and that the saide Condition pformed by her Majesties direction, and by vertue of her Highnes Comyssion as is aforesaide, is well Sc laufullie pformed; And that the saide Condicttn and the

1 0. omits.

A.D. 1592S.

35° Eliz. c. 5

851

Possession of the saide Mannors Lands Teiitf and Hereditamentf was by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme laufullie actually and really in her Majestie, and that without any Inquisicon or Office fyndinge the same; And that theffecte of the Conveyance or Assurance made by the said Sir Frauncis Englefield, wrt‘ was exhibited or intended to be exhibited by the saide Frauncis the Nephewe in the saide Courte of Exchequer in the saide Terme of Sainctc Michaell in the xxixlh and thirtieth yere of her Majesties Raigne, was not exhibited accordinge to the true meaninge of the saide Acte made in the said xxviij, yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne, and therfore by vertue of this Acte is adjudged to be merelie voide and of none effecte.

And be it further enacted and ordeyned by the authorise of this psent Parliament, That all and singuler the Honors Mannors Landes TeStf Rentes RePc&ns and Hereditamentf, w"‘ the Appurten*ncf, w* the saide Sir Frauncis Englefielde Knight had, at any tyme sithence his depture out of this Realme into the parts beyonde the Seas, of anye Estate of Inheritaunce, in Possession Re9c6n Remaynder or Use, and w"1 nowe are in the Handes Possession or Seisyn of any pson or psons whatsoever, by meanes of any Guyfte Grante Lease Conveyaunce or Assuraunce in Fee Symple Fee Tayle for terme of Lief Lives or for yeres under the Great Seale of Englande, or under the Seale of the Courte of Exchequer, made by our said Sov’aigne Ladye the Quene at any tyme sithence the saide Tender of the saide Ringe of Goulde, shalbe and remayne to the same pson and psons to whom her Highnes hath made any suche Guyfte Graunt Lease Conveiaunce or Assuraunce in Fee Simple Fee Tayle for Lief Lives or for yeres, And to theires and Assignes of such pson or psons, of and for the pcelles conteyned in the saide Guyfte Grauntes Lease Conveyauncf or Assurauncf, accordinge to the true Intent and Meaninge therof; for the same Estates, and with and under the same Reservacons Coven*ntf Condi c&ns and Lymitacons, as are conteyned in the saide Guyftes Grauntf Leases Conveyauncf and Assurauncf, any Lacke of Misrecitall or Nonrecitall of any former Lease or Leases, or any other Thinge notwithstandinge; And for the Remaynder or Rev^con of or upon the same Estate or Estates, not graunted awaye by oure saide Soveraigne Ladie the Quene as ys aforesaide, if any suche be, togither with the Residue of the saide Mannors Landes Teiitf and Hereditamentf wdl the saide Sir Frauncis had at any tyme sithence his Depture over the Seas, the same shalbe to our saide Soveraigne Ladie the Quene, her Heires and Successors for ever.

Savinge to the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successors, all suche Estate Right Title Interest and Demaunde whatsoever, of in [or' J to the pmisses and ev*ye parte therof, as her Majestie had or myght or ought to have had before the said Treasons and Contempte by the saide Sir Frauncis Englefield comytted.

And Savinge to all and e9ye pson and psons and Bodies PolitiVfc and Corporate, their Heires and Successors, and Theires and Successors of them and evye of them, other then the saide Frauncys Englefield the Nephewe and his Heires, and other then suche as dayme by or under the saide Assuraunce or Conveyaunce so ^tended to be made by the said Sir Frauncis Englefield as aforesaide, all suche Estate Right Title Interest Use Possession RePcion Remaynder Entre Condiffin Fees Offices Rentes Annuyties CSmons Hereditamentf Pfytt or Comoditie whatsoever, as they or any of them had of in to or out of any the Mannors Landes Teiitf Rents and Hereditamentf, or anye parcell therof, at or before the saide Treasons comytted, in as large and ample manner and forme to all Intentf and Purposes as they or any of them had before the makinge of this Acte; Anye Thinge herein conteyned to the cont’rie therof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Auctoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That this Acte nor anye thinge therin conteyned, shall extend to avoyde pjudice or ympeache anye Estate Right or Title of the saide Frauncis Englefield the Nephewe, or his Heires or Assignes, w* he or they or any of them have or shall or ought to have, in Possession Rev'con Remaynder or Use, of in or to any the Mannors Landes Tehtes and Hereditamentf aforesaide, or anye parte therof, by vertue of any Ires Patentf Graunte Conveyaunce or Assurance thereof had or made before the firstc yere of her Majesties Raigne: but that the saide Frauncis Englefield the Nephewe, and his Heires and Assignes and everie of them, shall and maye have enjoye the same Estate Right Infest and Title, of in and to the same Mannors Landes Teiitf and Hereditamentf and everie parte therof, as they shoulde might or ought to have had if this Statute had never bene had or made; and not any better or other or otherwise; Anye thinge in this Acte before raencioned to the confrie notwithstandinge.

And pvided also and be it further enacted, That this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned, shall not in anye sorte extend to avoide pjudice or ympeache anye Guyfte Graunte Lease or Demysc for terme of Lief Lives or Yeres, made by the Quenes Majestie, under the Great Seale of England or under the Seale of her Majesties Courte of Exchequer, at any tyme sithence the said Sir Frauncis Englefield was first attaynted of Highe Treason, and before the tendor of the saide Ringe as aforesaide, of any the saide Mannors Landes Teiitf or Hereditamentf that were the saide Sir Frauncis Englefieldf; but that all and everie suche Guyfte Graunte Lease and Demyse shalbe of the same force and effecte to all Intentf and Purposes, and of noe better or other, as they were before the makinge of this Acte, and as they shoulde have bene if this Acte had never bene made; Any Thinge in this Acte to the cont‘rie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided furthermore and be it likewise enacted, That this Acte or any thenge therin conteyned, shall not in any wise extend to avoide prejudice or ympeache any Estate Right Title or Use, w* the saide Frauncis Englefield the Nephewe his Heires or Assignes, or any of them, shall or maye have challenge or clayme of in or to the Mannors Landes Teiitf or Hereditamentf aforesaide or any pte thereof, by vertue or color of a certeyne Writingc indented,

Effect of the

Conveyance not truly exhibited, and therefore invalid.

II.

All Estates of laid Sir F. Englefield, granted by the Queen after the said Tender, vested in the Granted, with Reversion to the Queen, kc.

III. Saving of the Queen's Rights before Attainder.

IV.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

V.

Proviso for Title of the Nephew under Conveyances prior to i Eli/.

VI.

Proviso for Grants, Leases, Ac. made by the Queen before Tender of the Ring.

VII. Proviso for Title of the Nephew under Indenture i May, i Eliz. inrolled in the Exchequer j

1 and 0.

852

35° Eliz. c.5,6.

A.D. 1592-3,

bearinge date the fourth daie of Maie in the firste yere of her Majesties Raigne, supposed ro be made betwene the said Sir Frauncis Englefielde Knight of thone partie, and Sir Edwarde Fyton Knyght deceased and Sir Raphe Egerton Knight, of thother partie ; the substance and effecte wherof is inrolled of Recorde in her Highnes Courte of Exchequer in the Terme of Sainct Michaell in the thirtith and one & thirtith yere of her Majesties Raigne, in the Recordes of the same Terme remayninge in the Office of the Quenes Remembrauncer, Rotulo CCCXLVIII j Nor to avoide or 'mPeac*le 9ttft Estate or Interest whiche Margaret Englefield Widowe hathe or p>tendethe to have, for terme of her Widow. ' Lief, by anye Conveyaunce or Assuraunce made by the said Sir Frauncis, the substauncc and effecte whereof is also enrolled of Recorde in the saide Courte of Exchequer; but that the same and everie of them shall and maye stande and be in the same plight qualitye and condicbn as if this Statute had never bene had or made, and not any better or other or otherwise; Any thinge in this Acte to the cont'rie notwithstandinge.

Evils from crowded Buildings. &c. in London, See.

No new Buildings : hall be erected in London or Westminster, fee. unless fit for inhabitants of the better Sort; Penalty s€; per Quarter.

If.

Houses shall not be converted into several Dwellings $ Penalty ^'5 per Month on Landlord;

Like Penalty on Inhabitant.

Penalty on taking Inmates, fee. jC'j per Month.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte agaiste newe Buyldingf.

FOR the reformynge of the great Mischiefes and Inconveniences that daylie growe and increase by reason of the pesteringe of Houses with div'se Famylies, harboringe of Inmates, and convertinge of great Houses into sePal 1 Teiitf or Dwellinges, and erectinge of newe Buyldingf within the Citties of London and Westni and other Places nere therunto adjoyninge, wherby great Infection of Sicknes & dearthe of Victualles and Fewell hathe growen and ensued, and manye idle vagrante and wicked psons have harboured themselfes there, and div'se remote places of the Realme have bene disapointed of Workmen and dispeopled ; The w'* Enormyties and Defectf her Majestie of her Wisdome Princely Consideration and Care of her Subjects, by her Highnes Pclamacon dated at Nonsuche the seaventh daie of Julie in the xxij"’ yere of her Majesties Raigne, did intend to reforme, untill some good order might be pvided in Parliament: Be it enacted by the aucthoritie of this psent Parliament, That noe pson or psons of what Estate Degree or Condicbn soever, shall fromhensforth make and erecte anye newe Buildinge or Buildinges House or Houses for habitacbn or dwellinge, within either of the saide Citties, or within thre mylcs of anye of the Gates of the said Cittie of London, Excepte it be to enlarge his or their House or Houses that so shall builde the same, or to add some other Buyldingf to his or their Houses, or in their Gardens for the more ease or pleasure of the Buylder; or that suche newe House or Teiite shalbc fytt for the Habitacbn or Dwellinge of suche a person as heretofore hath bene assessed to or for the Subsidie to her Majestie at Five poundes in Goods or Thre poundes in Landes at the last Assessement next before the saide newe Buildings, or shalbe judged by the Two next Justicf of Peace, by writinge under their Hands and Seales to be p>sented at the next Quarter Sessions, to be fytt and able to be assessed in the Subsidie, accordinge to that rate if before that tyine he hath not bene so assessed ; or except anye suche newe Buildinge shalbe made for anye Hospitall for Relief of the Pore; upon payne to forfeit for ePye suche Offence quarterlie, the some of Fyve poundes.

And further be it enacted, That noe pson or psons, of what Estate Degree or Condicbn soever, shall at any tyine hereafter convene or devide any Dwellinge House or other Buyldingf, nowe erected and builded or hereafter to be erected and builded within the Citties and Places aforesaide, or any of them, into div^se and sevall Habitations or Dwcllingf for sevall and diPse Famylies; excepte everie sevall House soe devided shalbe fytt for the Habitacbn or Dwellinge of suche a pson as heretofore hathe bene assessed to or for the Subsidie to her Majestic at Fyve Poundes in Goodes or Thre Pounds in Landes, at the Subsidie next before such Devision, or by twoe Justices of Peace next adjoying, by Writinge under their Handes and Seales to be p*sented at the next Quarter Sessions, shalbe thought fytt and able to be assessed in the Subsidie according to that Rate; upon payne to forfeyte for everie suche Offence, yf any other pson under that value shall inhabite suche House, the some of Fyve Poundes for everie Moneth; to be paide by that pson that shall pmytt the House devided to be inhabited. And be it enacted also, That everie pson being not of suche value wth shall herafter dwell or inhabite in anye suche House so to be newe builded converted or devided as aforesaide, shall forfeyte for everie Moneth that he or she shall dwell or inhabite in the same, the some of Fyve Poundes.

And be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, That noe pson or psons inhabiting* & dwelling within the Citties and Places aforesaide, shall after Twentie Daies next ensuynge this Session of Parliament, receyve or take into his or their House or Houses any Inmate or Undersitter or Inmates or Undersitters; upon payne to forfeyte for everie monethe that he she or they shall have & kepe or willinglie suffer in his her or their House or Houses anye suche Inmate or Undersitter, cont’rie to the true meaningc of this Acte, the some of Fyve Poundes as is aforesaide: Provided, That this Braunche of this Acte, or any thinge therin conteyned, shall not extend to any pson or psons for takinge or receyvinge into his her or their House or Houses any pson or psons w‘" is or shalbe assessed in the Subsidie at Fyve Poundes in Goodes or Thre Poundes in Landes or Fees, or shalbe thought able ami fytt to paye suche a Rate in Subsidie as is aforesaide.

And Whereas divW Comons Waste Groundes and Great Fieldes nere adjoyninge to the Citties aforesaid w,h have bene heretofore used for trayninge and musteringe of Souldiors, and for recreacon comfortc & health of the People inhabidngc (*) the saide Citties and Places, and for the use and excise of Archerie, have of late yeres bene inclosed and

• in 0.


A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 6.

853

converted into se^alties and to other private uses: Be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide. That it shall not be laufull to any pson or psons to inclose or take in any parte of the Comons or Waste Groundes scituate henge or beinge within thre Myles of any of the Gates of the saide Cittie of London, nor to sever or devide by any Hedge Ditche Pale or otherwise, anye of the saide Fieldes lyinge within thre Myles of any of the Gates of the saide Cittie of London as aforesaide, to the let or hindraunce of the traynyng or musteringe of Souldiors or of walkinge for recreac&n comforte and health of her Majesties People, or of the laudable excise of shotinge where there hathe bene usuall excise of shotinge and Marks have bene there sett; upon payne to forfeyt for everie Moneth that he or they or any of them shall kepe anye parte of the saide Comons or Waste Groundes inclosed or taken in for everie suche Inclosure, Five Poundes, and for ev'ye Moneth that he or they shall kepe anye parte of anye of the same Fieldes severed or devided for everie suche Offence Fyve Poundes: The one moytie of all w* Paynes Penalties and somes of Money to be forfeyted by vertue of this Acte shalbe to the Churchewardens of all and ev'ye Parishe and Parishes where the sePall Offencf shalbe comitted, to be ymployed by them, withe Consent of the more parte of the Parisheners beinge Householders, to the use of the Pore of the (') Parishe or Parishes, and thother moytie to him or them that will sue for the same by Acf&n of Debte Bill Playnte or Informacbn in any of the Quenes Majesties Courts of Recorde, in w* Sute noe Essoyne Protecc&n Writt of Priviledge or Wager of Lawe shalbe admytted or allowed.

And for the better Relief of the Pore in se9all Parishes where any of the Offencf aforesaide shalbe comytted, Be it also enacted, That the Churchewardens of ev'ye se^all Parishe (if they shall not be herin Offendors) where anye of the Offences aforesaide shalbe comytted, and if they be Offendors then the Curate of the Parishe withe twoe other honeste men of the same Parishe being Housholders, shall have full power and aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte to enter into all and everie House and Houses and other place and places where anye Offence shalbe comytted againste the true meaning of this Acte, and there to distreyne for the moytie of all and everie suche some and somes of Money as shalbe forfeyted by vertue of this Acte, and the Distresse and Distresses to deteyne untill suche moytie of the some and somes of Money so to be forfeited shalbe trulie satisfied and payed accordinge to the true intent and meaninge hereof.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte or any thinge therin conteyned shall not extend to take awaye pjudice or impeache anye good Usagf or Customes, heretofore used in the Citties of London and Westm or eyther of them, for the reformynge or punyshinge any of (*) Offencf aforesaide; nor to any Lorde or Lordes havinge libtie to kepe a Leete for punyshinge of any Thoffencf afore mencioned within the Jurisdice&n of his Leete, as they might have done before this Statute.

Provided also, That notwithstanding any thinge in this Acte conteyned it shall and maye be laufull for ePye suche Marriner Sayler or Shipwright, as shalbe allowed by the Lorde Admyrall and the Masters and Companye of Trinitye House for the tyme beinge in Writing under their Handes & Seales, to contynue his Habitac&n in any House that hath bene buylte sithen the saide Pclamaf&n nere to the Thames syde, serving onelie for the Habitac&n of suche Marriner Sayler or Shipwright, and not to be used for any Victuallinge House, nor for any Storehouse for anye Merchaundise, savinge suche as shall apperteyne to the arminge or apparellinge of Shippes; And likewise that anye Marriner Sailor or Shipwright maie hereafter builde any House, for suche purpose and for no other, on or nere the Thames side, so as it be distant from the verie Wharfe or Bancke thirtie Foote, soe as people may passe betwixte the saide Houses and the saide Banke and the Thames; And soe as in the newe building therof ev'ye House hereafter to be builded maie be distant from any other House above twentie Foote to avoide casualtie of Fier, and soe as also that there be noe newe Landinge place or Staires made to take upp and laye to Lande, or to laye from Lande in any Boate or Shippe, anye Wares or i8chaundizes.

And to avoide Doubts that maie arise by reason of this Acte, Be it further enacted and declared by thauctoritie aforesaide, That two Justicf of Peace inhabiting next to any of the Houses or Tefitf aforesaide, shall have full Power by vertue of this Acte, to decyde and determyne whether ev'ye pticuler House or Tefite before mencioned be sufficient and convenient for Habitac&n of a man assessed or fytt to be assessed to the Subsidie for her Majestie at Fyve Poundes in Goodes or Thre Pounds in Landes; and whether the Inhabitante in any such House or Tefite be of value or substance to be assessed in the Subsidie accordinge to the Rates aforesaid ; And that a Myle shalbe reckoned and taken in this manner and noe otherwise, That is to saye, a Myle to conteyne Eight Furlongf, and everie Furlonge to conteyne Fortie Luggf or Poles, and e9y Lugg or Pole to conteyne Sixtene Foote and Halfe.

Be it further enacted, That for avoidinge of colorable contynuyng of Inmates againste thintenC&n of this Acte by pHence of any Leases or States made to them, the saide Inmatf ^tending anye Leases shall at the next Leete or Courte to be helde in the Mannor or Place where the Houses inhabited by Inmatf are scituate, shall pduce his or her Lease, and therof make good proofe before the Stewarde of the Leete or Courte and the Jurie, w* if he shall not doe then the said Inmate to be forthwith removed as above is mencioned. This Acte to endure for seaven yeres, and afterwards untill thend of the Session of Parliament then next ensuynge.

• same O. • the O.


ic H

None dull inclose Commons, Sic. within Three Miles of the Cates of the City of London: Penalty, afc‘5 per Month.

Application of Penalties.

V.

Churchwardens,See. may distrain for Parish's Share of Penalties.

VI.

Proviso for Franchises of London, Stc.

VII.

Proviso for Houses for Mariners.

VIII. Justices shall decide on fitness of Houses.

Definition of a Mile.

IX. Inmates shall produce Leases.

Continuance of this Act

854

35° Eliz. c.T.

A.D. 159M.

Certain Acts continued, viz.

21 H.VIII. C. 12. Cables, &c.

34 H.VIII. c. 9. killing Weanlings;

3 & 4 E. VI. c. 19. Kother Beasts;

c. 21. Butter, &c.

1 Eliz. c. 17.

Fry of Fish;

Stat. 5 Eliz. c. 2. Tillage;

c. 7. Importation of foreign Wares;

c.5. Navyj

8 Eliz. c. 10. Bowyers

13 Eliz. c. 20. Leases of Benefices i

c. 21. Purveyance;

c. 8. Usury;

14 Eliz. c. 11. continuing and amending Act;

14 Eliz. c. 5. Relief of Poor;

18 Eliz. c. 3. Employment of the Poor; c. 20. Highways near Oxford;

23 Eliz. c. 6. Dover Haven;

27 Eliz. c. 11. continuing and amending Act

c. 7. Issues lost by Jurors.

c. 31. Westminster.

2,3 Ed. VI. c.io. Malt; revived by 27 Eliz. c. 14.;

27 Eliz. c. 24. Sea-banks;

31 Eliz. c. 8. Beer Vessels;

c. 13. reviving 23 Eliz. c.6.;

31 Eliz. Lincoln City j [not inrolled, nor printed.]

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte for Contiil of diPse Statutf.

WHERE in the firste Session of Parliament begune in the Cittie of London the thirde daye of November in the xxj"1 yere of the Raigne of our late SoPaigne Lorde of famous Memorie Kinge Henrie theight, and from thence adjomed and progued to the Pallace of Westm, an Acte or Statute was made, intituled An Acte for the true makinge of Cables Halsers and Ropes: And where in the Parliament holden upon Progacdn at Westiii the fourthe daye of Februarie in the xxiiij"1 yere of the Raigne of the saide Kinge, one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte againste killinge of younge Bests called Weanlingf : And where in the Session of Parliament ended at Westffi the firste daye of Februarie in the fourth yere of the Raigne of our late SoPaigne Lorde Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, one Acte was made concerning the buyinge and sellinge of Rother Beastf and Cattell; And also one other Acte was then & there likewise made intituled An Acte for the buying and selling of Butter and Cheese : And where also in the Parliament begonne at Westiii the xxiij"1 daie of Januarie in the firste yere of the Raigne of the Quenes Majestie that nowe is, and there contynued by Progacon untill the dissoluc&n thereof, an Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for the pscrvacon of Spawne and Frye of Fisshe: And where also in the firste Session of Parliament houlden at Westiii the xij,l> daye of Januarie in the fifte yere of her Highnes Raigne, one Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for Maynten*nce and Encrease of Tillage; And one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for the avoydinge of diPse Forreyn Wares made by Handycraftf men beyonde the Seas; And where one other Acte was likewise then and there made, intituled An Acte touchinge Pteyne Pollitique Constitutions made for the Maynten*nce of the Navie: And where also in the laste Session of Parliament houlden by Progacttn at Westm the laste daie of September in the Eight yere of her Majesties Raigne, one Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for Bowyers and the Pricf of Bowes: And where also in the Parliament begonne and houlden at Westminster in the seconde daye of Aprill in the thirtenth yere of her Majesties Raigne, there was one Acte and Statute made for the avoydinge of some Leases in certeyne Cases to be made of Ecctiasticall Pmocons withe Cure, intituled An Acte touchinge Leases of Benefices and other Ecctiasticall Livingf with Cure: And where also there was one other Acte and Statute made in the saide Parliament begonne and houlden at Westiii, the (1) seconde daye of Aprill in the saide xiij11' yere, intituled An Acte that Purveyors maye take Grayne Corne 8c Victuallf w'"in fyve myles of Cambridge and Oxforde in certeyne Cases: And also one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte against Usurie: And where in the Parliament holden at Westiii the eighte daye of Maye in the xiiij"1 yere of her Highnes Raigne, there was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the Contynuachn Explanation Pfectinge and Inlardginge of diPse Statutf; in wcl‘ Statute are conteyned diPse Braunches Clauses and Pvisions touching and conSnyng Thexplanaton Pfectinge and Enlardging of diPse of the Statutf before mencioned: And where also in the firste Session of Parliament begonne and holden at Westiii the eight daie of Maye in the xiiij"1 yere of the Quenes Highnes Raigne that nowe ys, and from thence contynued by Progacttn till the dissolution therof, there was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the Punyshment of Vagaboundf, and for the Relief of the Pore and Ympotent: And where in the Parliament houlden at Westm aforesaide in the xviij"1 yere of her Majesties Raigne, there was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for settinge of the Pore on Worke, and for the avoydinge of Ydlenes: And also one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for repayringe and amendinge the Bridges and Highewaies nere unto the Cittie of Oxofi: And where in the Parliament houlden at Westiii the xvj,h daye of Januarie in the xxiij"1 yere of her Majesties Raigne, one Acte was made, intituled An Acte for the repairinge of Dover Haven: And where in the Parliament holden at Westm the xxiij"1 daie of November in the xxvij yere of her Majesties Raigne, one other Acte was made for the revivinge contynuance explanac&n and pfectinge of diPse Statutf ; in wch are conteyned diPse Braunches Pvisions and Clauses touchinge and concerninge certeyne Additions and Alterac&ns unto and of diPse of the saide former recited Statutf and other newe Pvisions: And where in the said Parliament houlden at Westminster the xxiij’11 daie of November in the xxvij"1 yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne that nowe is, there was an Acte made for the levying of Yssues loste by Jurors : And also there was then and there one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the good Goverment of the Cittie or Boroughe of Westffi: And wheras in the Parliament holden at Westm upon Pgat6n the fourth daye of November in the seconde yere of the Raigne of the late Kinge of most famous Memorie Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, one Acte was made, intituled An Acte for the true makinge of Maulte, wch saide Statute was discontinued, and by another Acte made in the saide Parliament houlden at Westm in the saide xxvij"1 yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne that nowe ys, entituled An Acte for the reviving of a former Statute for the true makinge of Maulte was revived and contynued : And also one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for the kepinge of the Seabanckf and Seaworkf in the Countie of Norff: And where in the saide Parliament houlden at Westm the fourth daye of Februarie in the xxxj"1 yere of the Quenes Majesties Raigne that nowe is, there was an Acte made, intituled For the true gawgeng of Vessels brought from beyonde the Seas, converted by Brewers for the utteraunce and sale of Ale and Beere: And also one other Acte was then and there made, entituled An Acte for revivinge and inlarginge of a Statute made in the xxiij"1 yere of her Majesties Raigne for repayring of Dover Haven: And also one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for the Relief of the Cittie of Lincolne : Forasmuch as the Braunches Clauses and Pvisions conteyned and spified in the saide two Acts of Contynuance made in the xiiij"1 and xxvij"1 yere of her Majesties Raigne, in Addicbn Alteration Explanation pfectinge and enlardginge of diPse the saide Statutf and other Statutf, and all the Residue of the said recited Actes, do seeme good and beneficial to the

> saide 0.

Gck -ole

A.D. 1592-5.

35° Eliz. c. 7

855

Weale & ■Pfitt of this Realme: Be it enacted by thauctoritie of this p>sem Parliament, That the saide Braunches Clauses Sc Pvisions of the saide Two Actes of Contynuaunce, and all the residue of the saide recited Statutf and Acts, and everie of them, and all and everie Article Clause and Sentence in them and everie of them conteyned and by this £feent Acte not repealed, excepte the saide Acte conctainge the repayringe of Dover Haven, shalbe contynued and endure in force and effecte untill thend of the Parliament next ensuynge; and as concerninge the saide Acte touchinge the repayringe of Dover Haven, the saide Acte shalbe by aucthoritie of this Parliament contynued and tndure in force and effecte from and after thend of the terme lymited by that Acte, and yet contynewing untill thend of the next Parliament then next ensuynge.

Provided alwaies and be it also enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, That all and everie suche Braunche and Braunches of the saide Statute made for the Maynten*nce and Increase of Tillage as conceme the eiringe plowinge usinge and keepinge in Tillage for ever of suche Landes or Grounds, or so muche in quantitye as before the making of that Statute had bene eyred or plowed and put in Tillage in any one yere, and so kepte in Tillage by the space of sower yeres at any tyme sit hence the Feast of Sainct George the Martyr in the Twentith yere of Kinge Henrie Theight, and everie Matter Clause Article Pvision Penaltie and Forfeyture in the saide Statute concerning the same, shall so far for the onlie as they concerne the same, from henceforth be repealed cease and be utterlie voyde; Any Thing in the said Statute or in this psent Acte to the cont*rie notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That so muche of the saide Statute made for the Maynetn*nce of the Navie as heretofore at anye tyme was repealed, and all and everie suche Braunche and Braunches of the saide Statute as conceme the sowinge of Flaxe or Hempe, or the reviving of one Statute conc?nynge sowinge of Flaxe or Hempe made and pvided in the Parliament houlden in the xxiiij*h yere of the Raigne of Kinge Henrie the Eight, and ev*y Matter Clause Arricle Pvision Penaltie and Forfeyture in the said Statute concerninge the same, shall so farre forth onelye as they concerne the same, from henceforth be repealed cease and be utterlie voide ; Any Thinge in the said Statute or in this p'sent Acte to the contTie notwithstandinge.

Provided also and be it further Inacted by the authoride aforesaide, That evye pson eatinge anye Fleshe upon anye Fishe dayes cont*rie to the forme of the saide Statute made for the maynten*nce of the Navie, shall forfeyte onlie Twentie shillingf, or els suffer onlie One Monethes close ymprisonment without Baile or Maynprise; and everie pson or psons within whose House any suche Offence shalbe done, and beinge privie, or knowinge therof, and not effectuallye publishinge or disclosinge the same to some publike Officer havinge aucthoritie to punyshe the same, for everye suche Offence to forfeit onlye xiij s. iiij d.; Any Thinge in the saide Statute conteyned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it further enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That when the Price of Comes or Graynes excedeth not the Rates hereafter followinge at the Tyines and Havens & Places where and when the same Come or Grayne shalbe shipped or loaden, vidett, the Quarter of Wheate at Twentie shillingf, the Quarter of Rye Pease and Beanes at xiij s. iiij d. the Quarter of Barley or Maulte at xij s. of curraunt Englishe Money, that then it shalbe laufull for all and everie pson and psons, beinge Subjects of her Majestie her Hcircs or Successors, to loade carrie or t*nsporte any of the saide Comes or Graynes in suche Manner and Forme as in the saide Acte made for the Maynten*nce of the Navie is lymitted and appoynted: And that the Q uenes Majestie, her Hares and Successors, shall have and receyve by the Customers and Officers of her Ports, for the Custome or Pondage of everie Quarter of Wheat, to be t'nsported by force of this Statute, two Shillingf, and of everie Quarter of any other Grayne Sixtene pence; wd' saide sev'all somes so to be had or taken as Custome or Pondage, to be in full Satisfaction of all Manner of Custome or Pondage for the saide Come or Grayne, by any Constituent Order Statute Lawe or Custome heretofore made, used or taken for t'nsportinge of anye suche manner of Come and Grayne.

Provided also and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That so muche of the saide Statute made in xiuj'*1 yere of her Majesties Raigne, intituled An Acte for the Punyshment of Vagabundf, and for the Relief of the Poore Impotent, and of the saide Statute made in the xviijlh yere of her Majesties Raigne, intituled An Acte for settinge the Poore on Worke and for avoyding of Ydlenes, as concemeth the Punyshment of Vagabundf by gaylinge, boaring throughe the Eare, and Death in the Seconde Degree, and everie Matter Clause Article and -Pvision in the saide Statute conteyned con^ning the same, shall so farre for the onlie as they conceme the same from henceforth be repealed cease & be utterlie voyde; Any Thinge in this Statute conteyned to the cont«rie notwithstanding.

And be it further Inacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That so muche of one Acte made in the xxij"' yere of Kinge Henrye the Eighte, intituled An Acte conchinge howe aged poore and ympotent psons compelled to lyve by Aimes shalbe ordered, and howe Vagabundf and myghtie stronge Beggers shalbe punyshed, as concerneth punyshment of any suche Begger ympotent or vagabonde Pson by whippinge, and all Braunches Articles and Clawses dependinge upon the same, other then in the compellinge of suche psons to be swome, shall from henceforth stande and be revived, and remayne in his full Force and Strengthe.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by thaucthoritie aforesaide. That the saide Acte made in the Eightene yere of her Majesties Raigne for the repayringe and amending of ( ') Bridges and High waies nere unto the Cittie of Oxon, or any Thing therin conteyned, shall not chardge withe any Thing towards the amendinge of the saide Bridges and

All recited Act« continued, to End of next Parliament ; except li repealed by this Act.

II.

Certain Parta of J Eli*, c. 2. at to Tillage, repealed.

III.

j Eli*, c. j. $ 19, See. aa to towing of Hemp and Flax, repealed.

IV.

Penaltiei under e Eli*, c. 5. § 11. for eating Flesh, See. on Fish Days, decreased.

V.

Exportation of Corn under St. 5Eli*, c.5. § 17. permitted, when Wheat does not exceed aos. per Quarter, Stc.

Custom Duty, is. per Quarter, See.

VI.

Penalties of Imprisonment, &c. of Vagabonds under St. 14 Eliz. c. 5. and 18 Eliz. c. 3. repealed.

VI!. Punishment of Vagabonds by Whipping, under aa H.VIII. c. it. § 2, See. revived.

VIII.

4d. per Yard-land payable to Repair of Roads, &c. near Oxford, under 18 Eliz. c. 20.

1 the O.

856

35° Eliz. c. 7

A.D. 1592-3,

Highe Wayes, any Pson or Housholder inhabitinge within Fyve Miles of the Univ'sitie and Cittie of Oxon not havinge in Possession One Yarde Lande; And that everie pson havinge One Yarde Lande or more in his Possession lying w,hin the sayde Fyve Miles, shall paye yerelie the some of sower pence onelie for everie Yarde Lande before the Feast of Pentecost unto the Vicechauncellor and Maior for the tyme beinge, or their Deputie or Deputyes, towards the amendinge of the saide Bridgf and Highewaies, and no other Penaltye, with like Remedie by Distresse for everie some of sower pence, wch shalbe due and not payde as aforesaide, as is conteyned in the saide Statute for any Penalty therin lymitted.

Land be And be it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That it shalbe laufull for everie person, for and duringe

given to the Use of the space of twentie yeres next ensuynge, to make Feoffamentf Grauntf or any other Assurauncf, or by last Will JiSSTf in Writinge to geve and bequeath in Fee Symple, aswell to the use of the Poore as for the Pvision Sustentacon

or Maynten*nce of anye House of Correction or Abiding Houses, or of any Stocks or Stores, all or anye parte of suche of his Landes Tehtf and Hereditam'f, and in suche manner and forme as he myght have done to and for the Pvision Sustentacbn or Maynten*nce of anye Houses of Correcc&n or Abidinge Houses, or of anye Stocks or Stores by force of the saide Statute.

X.

Ships on certain Voyages exempted from Tonnage Duty for Dover Haven.

aj Eliz. c. 6.; 31 Eliz. c. 13.

XI.

Act for Pier at Lyme revived, &c. [5rf Rot. Parl.

27 Eliz. mi. t. Private ylctt.]

XII.

27 Eliz. c. 17. White Cloths, made perpetual.

XIII. Proviso for Licences for exporting Corn.

XIV.

Export of Corn may be prohibited by Proclamation.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That all Shippes Barkes Vessells or Crayers, whereof anye of her Majesties Subjects shalbe Owners or Parte Owners, of the Burthen of Twentie Tonne or upwardf, loadinge or discharginge within this Realme, and passinge to and fro anye forreyne Countrey, that are of any Porte Haven or Creke in Severne, from the Lands End in Cornwall to Bristowe, and from thence to Gloucester, and from Milford Haven to Chester Lyrpoole and all the Ports and Creekf to them or either of them belonginge, in S' Georgf Chanell, and from the saide placf backe agayne, shall after the eight daie of Maie w* shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God One thousande fyve hundred nyntie and sixe, be discharged of the iij d. of everie Tonne, for the Reparation of Dover Haven ; the saide Statutf made for the repayring of Dover Haven, or either of them, or any Thinge therin conteyned to the cont'rie notwithstanding ; Excepte any of the saide Shippes Barkf Vessels or Crayers shall go for Dover or to the Eastward : And that aswell the saide Shippes Barkf Vessells and Crayers that shall go for Dover or to the Eastwarde, as also all the Shippes Barkf Vessells and Crayers which shall crosse the narrowc [the1] Seas, shall paye in manner and forme as hereafter ys expssed and noe more ; that is to saye, if they goe outwarde withe any manner of loadinge, not a Quarter loaden, then to paye after the rate of a Quarter ladinge, and soe rateablie upwardes accordinge to their loadinge, but homewardes to paye accordinge to the full Rate of the Entrie of their loading of everie Shippe Barke Vessell or Crayer.

And be it also enacted by the auctoritie aforesaide, That one Acte made in the xxvij"1 yere of her Majesties Raigne, intituled An Acte for the maynten*nce of the Peere and Cobbe of Lyme Regis in the Countie of Dors, shalbe renewed and stande in his full force and strengthe for & during the space of Tenne yeres next ensuyng, and soe from thenceforth to thend of the next Parliament then next ensuynge.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That one Acte made in the Parliament houlden at Westmynster the xxiij"' daie of November in the xxvijUl yere of her Highnes Raigne, intituled An Acte touchinge the Breadeth of White Wollen Clothes made in the Counties of Wiltes GlouC Sonh and Oxon, &c., And all and everie the Braunches Clauses and Pvisions in the same conteyned, shall from hencefoorth be remayne & contynue in force and effecte for ever.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte or anye Thinge therein conteyned, shall not be pjudiciall or hurtefull to anye former Ires Patentf or Lycence graunted by her Majestie to anye pson or psons Bodies Politique or Corporate, for the t*nsportation of any Come or Grayne, either at anye lesser Customes or Subsidies then ys conteyned in this psent Acte, or without any Custom or Subsidie ; but that theye and everie of them, their Deputyes and Assignees, shall and maye t*nsporte Grayne hereafter, for the tyme in their se9all tres Patentf especified, eyther at suche Prices and Rates or without Custome or Subsidie, in suche manner and forme as in the saide Ires Patentf is conteyned, accordinge to the forme and effecte of the same tres Patentf, and in suche manner and forme, and not otherwise, to all Intentf and Purposes as yf this present Acte had never bene had or made.

(1) Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That the Quenes Majestie her heires and successors, maye at all tymes by her and their Writt of Pclamaeon, to be published geSallie in the whole Realme or in any the Countyes of the Realme where any Porte Townes are, comaunde that noe pson shall by vertue of this Acte, fnsporte or carrie any manner of Grayne out of her Highnes Dnions geniallie, or out of anye speciall Ports to be in the same Pclamac&n pticulerlie named, for suche tyme as shalbe therin lymitted and appoynted ; And that yt shall not be laufull for anye pson to carrie out any such Grayne, cont*rie to the tenor of the same Pclamacon, upon suche Paynes and Forfeytures as by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme are and have bene pvided & ordeyned in that behalfe; This Acte or any Thinge therin conteyned to the cont'rie notwithstandinge.

■ 0. omits.

* Tliis Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


A.D. 1592-3.

35° El,iz. c. 83 9.

857

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte againste deceitful! making of Cordage.

FORASMUCH as (')ys founde by c5men Experience that sundrie psons usinge the Trade of making Cables Halsers and other kinde of Cordage within this Realme, have of late for their private lucre and gayne used to make the same of oulde caste and overwome Cables Halsors and Cordage; and yet have craftelye and deccytfullie uttered and soulde the same, beinge tarred, as newe good and stronge, & as made of newe and pfecte stuffe, coveringe and hydinge the false and corrupte makinge thereof by tarringe of the mbefore the same (*) putt to sale, by reason whereof not onely di9se Shippes Vesselles & Goodes aswell of her Majesties as of sundrie her Highnes Subjectes, but also the Lyves of div’se of her saide Subjectes have bene loste pished and caste awaye: For Remedy thereof, and for the avoydinge of suche great losses inconveniences and daungers as inyghte otherwise hereafter ensue, by suche corrupte false and deceytfull makinge of Cables Halsers and other Cordage as ys aforesaide, Be it enacted by the Quenes most Excellent Majestie the Lordes Spuall & Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same. That yf any pson or psons shall after Fortie daies next after the ende of this Session of Parliament, make or cause to be made any Cables of any olde and overworn Stuffe wrt shall conteyne above

seaven ynches in compasse. Then everie pson soe offendinge shall forfeyte and lose sower tymes the value of everie

suche Cable so by him or her made or caused to be made as ys aforesaide; And if any pson or psons after the saide Fortie dayes next after thend of this Session of Parliament shall tarre or cause to be tarred any Halsers or other Cordage made within this Realme of suche olde and overworn Stuffe as aforesaide, beinge of lesser Assise and not conteynigc in compasse seaven ynches, and shall after by waye of retayle sell or put to sale, or cause to be solde or put to sale, the same beinge so tarred, that everie p6on soe offendinge shall forfeite and lose the treble value of e$ye Cable Halser and other Cordage beinge of lesser Assise, and made of suche olde and overworn Stuffe as is aforesaide, whiche shalbe so soulde or putt to sale beinge tarred as aforesaide ; the one moytie of all whiche

Forfeytures shalbe to the Quenes Majestie her Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to suche pson or psons

as will sue for the same by Accftn of Debte Bill Playnte or Informat&n, wherein noe Essoyne 1’teccdn or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed: And Furthermore, That everie pson wd‘ shall in any wise oflende againste the tenor and meaninge of this Acte, shalbe ymprisoned for the same duringe her Majesties pleasure.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte touchinge bredth of Clothes.

WHEREAS in the Parliament holden at Westm in the fyfte and sixt yeres of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, one Statute was made, intituled An Acte for the [true1] makinge ofWollen Clothe, wherebie amonge other things it was inacted, That all broade Plunckettf Azures Blewes and other coloured Clothe wch after the Feast of S* Michaell the Archaungell then next ensuynge shoulde be made within the Shires of Wiltshire Glowcester or Sonisett, or elswhere of like makinge, shoulde conteyne in lenghc, beinge thoroughe wett, betwixte fyve and twentye and eight and twentye yardes, yearde and ynche of the Rule, and shoulde be seaven quarters within the Lists at the leaste, and lysted accordinge to the auncient Custome, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fullie dried, shoulde weighte threscore and eight pounde the pecce at the least, as by the saide Acte amonge div*se Clauses Articles and Pvisions conteyned in the same more playnelie is expssed ; sithence the makinge of w* saide Statute, althoughe the makers of the said coloured Clothes have endevoured themselves accordinge to their best skill and industrie to pforme and fulfill the saide recited Statute in everie of their Clothes asmuche as in them did lye, as touchinge the bredthe of Clothes, and to thend & purpose have allowed and doe allowe so muche Yearne and Stuffe to ev*y suche Clothe as myght sufficientlie serve to make all the saide coloured Clothes full out in lenghe bredthe and weight accordinge to the saide Statute made in the fyfte and sixt yeres of Kinge Edwarde the Sixt; Yet notwithstandinge manye tymes by reason of the di^se natures in the Woolles, and by the greate divides in the spynnynge cardinge and myllinge, manye of the saide coloured Clothes made within the saide Countie of So&sett, and elswhere of like makinge, doe not conteyne full seaven quarters in bredthe, accordinge to the saide Statute made in the fifte and sixt yeres of Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, and yet noe defaulte touchinge the saide bredthe can justlie be imputed to the maker therof, for that the saide Clothmakers, (as Experience daylie sheweth,) cannot observe the saide former Statute in all the saide Clothes, as touchinge the bredthe, althoughe they indevor themselves never so muche thereunto; w* Clothes not conteyninge their full Assize in bredthe as is aforesaid, are many tymes taken & seised by the serchers of London when they come to their Markett at Blackwell Hall, to the great losse and damage of the saide Clothemakers, and to the great hindraunce of Clothe makinge within the saide Countye: In Consideration whereof, albeyt it is not hereby intended to repeale or make voide the saide former recited Statute otherwise then ys hereafter expssed, yet nevertheles be it enacted by the Quenes most Excellent Majestie withe Thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this p*sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same( That noe pson or psons shalbe hereafter chardged for any suche defaulte wrl' hereafter shalbe in any of the saide

' yt 0. * be O. ‘ St. j (5* 62s. VI. t. 6. omits tbit tt'vrd.


ic I

Deceits in miking Cables:

Penalty on making Cables of old Stuff, Quadruple and Treble Value, according to their Size;

and Imprisonment.

Recital of Stat.

5 & 6E.VI. c.i5. as to Length, Breadth, and Weight of Wiltshire Cloths. &c.

Inconveniences

thereof.

No Penalty under recited Act, if such Cloths are Six Quarters and a Half in Breadth.

858

35° Eliz. c. 9, 10.

1592-3-

broade Plunkettf Azures Blewes or other coloured Clothes, for want of bredthe of searen quarters, so that the same Clothe doe conteyne in bredthe, beinge throughlie wett, sixe quarters and an halfe at the least within the Lists unwrought and lysted accordinge to the auncient Custome; Any Thinge in the saide former recited Statute mencioned to the cont*rie in anye wise notwithstandinge.

IL

If of le» Breadth, Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoride aforesaide, That if any of the saide Clothes shall not conteyne accrue!" * * Sixe Quarters and a Halfe at the leaste within the Lists as is aforesaide, that then ev'y pson offendinge in that behalfe shall for everie suche Clothe be subjecte to suche Paynes Penaldes and Forfeytures as were, by force of the former recited Statute of the Fyfte and Sixte yeres of Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, to have bene forfeyted for want of Bredthe of Seaven Quarters within the Lists.

Double Penalties And be it nevertheles inacted by thaucthoride aforesaide. That if anye of the saide brode Plunckettf Azures Blewes Wei^ht'reqiured or ot^er coloured Clothes, beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fullie dried, shall conteyn in weight any lesse

by said Act. then threscorc and eight poundes at the leste, that then everie of the saide Clothiers therin offendinge shall incurr

doble suche Penaltyes and Forfeytures, for everie Pounde soe wanringe of the saide Weight, and not weyinge after suche rale as ys before expssed in and by the saide Statute made in the Fyfte and Sixt yeres of Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, ys lymitted and appoynted.

uble Penalties And be it nevertheles enacted by the authoride aforesaide, That if anye of the Clothes to be made w"in the

Lcn^Thln'ciotht. Countie of SoiSsett, or elswhere of lyke makingc, called Plunkettf Azures and Blewes, beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fullie dried, shall conteyne in Weighte anye lesse then threscore and eight poundes at the least, or yf any of the saide Clothes shall conteyne in Lenghe any more then xxvijtic yeardes at the most, that then ev*y of the same Clothyers therin offendinge shall incurr double suche Penaltyes and Forfeytures for ev*y pounde so wantinge, as by the saide Statute of the Fyfte and Sixte yeres of the Raigne of Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, are to suche Defaultf lymitted and appoynted; And for e9y yarde that anye suche Clothe shall conteyne above xxvij"' yards in Lengthe, and not weyinge after suche rate as ys before expressed, the Maker of everie suche Clothe shall incurre dowble the Penalties bye the Statute of the Fowrthe and Fyfte yeres of the Reignes of Kinge Philipp & Quene Marie to suche Defaultf lymitted and appoynted.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte to reforme Abuses in Clothes.

Proclamation for regulating Manufacture of Devonshire Cloths:

Weight of such Cloths prescribed, when raw;

IN theire moste humble and dutyfull wise shewen and beseechen your Highnes your true and faithfull Subjects the , Clothiers Merchauntf and Chapmen of your Counde of Devon and of the Counries adjoyninge. That where in the Moneth of Januarie in the sower and thirtieth yere of your Majesties most happie Raigne, aswell at the humble Suyte and Peticon of sundrie your saide Subjectes, as upon 8tificate of div’se Justices in your Highnes saide Countie of Devon, and uppon Complaynte of the States of Hollande, It pleased your Highnes, with thadvise of your most Honorable Privie Counsell, by your Highnes Pclamacftn, for the Reformac&n of ^insufficiencies growen in the Clothes called Devonshire Kersies or Dozens, (a Comodity heretofore in great Request Priese and Estimation bothe amongest your naturall Subjects and in forreyn Nacions and Countries,) but of late marvailouslie (and not without occasion) discredited by the Inventions and newe Devises of the Weavers Tuckers and Artificers, to comaunde that the Lawes before that tyme made and standinge in force not repealed for and concerninge the pmisses, shoulde be duely accomplished in all Things; and that everie Officer shoulde diligentlie pforme his Office accordinglie, and that the weight of the saide Kersies or Dozens beinge rawe, and wroughte with clean Stuffe without any deceitfull Addicon shoulde weigh fyftene pounds and conteyne in the Markett at the least betwene fiftene and sixtene yardes in Lenghe, and that the same shoulde be sewantly woven throughout of like sorted Yarne, forbiddinge all other Deceiptf inWeaving, and all dymynishinge and unreasonable drawinge stretchinge and other Deceiptf in Tuckers j And thar eche Weaver shoulde weave his Shopnike in eche Dozen, and a Purrell in eche ende thereof, and that Officers shoulde be appoynted in Markett Townes to viewe weighe and trie the same Kersies whether they were in Lenghe Weight or Goodnes, according to the rate and pporcSn set for the in the same PclamatiOn; the same PclamatiOn to endure till the firste daye of this psent Parliament, as by the same more at large maye appere: Nowe moste gracious Soveraigne, Forasmuche as by the saide PclamatiOn greate order and better makinge of the saide Clothes for Weight and Lenghe thereof hathe ensued, and to thend that hereafter further Discoverie and Restrainte of all Abuses and Deceiptf cont*rie to the former Lawes and Statutf of this Realme may be pvided for, to the revivinge of the Reputation of so good pfitable and necessarie a Comoditie; It may please your Majestie with thassent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the whole C5monaltie assembled in this psent Parliament and by thaucthoritie of the same, That it maye be enacted and established as followeth j That is to saye. That from and after the firste daye of Julye nowe next comyng, eyche Kersey called Devonshire Kersey or Dozen w1* shalbe made and woven within the saide Countie of Devon, or any other Countie next adjoyninge therunto, beinge rawe unscowred untucked & unwett as yt cometh from the Weavers Beame, and beinge made of cleane and pfecte Stuffe, That is to witt of Woolle shorne clensed and throughlye wasshed or scowred after the shearinge and before the weavinge, without anye Fraude Deceipte Pollicie or Devise, or any Stuffe thereunto deceytfullye or unlaufullye added, in the workinge or after the workinge thereof, for the increase of the Weight, shall weighe in the Markett fyftene poundes or upwardf; And that from and after the saide first day of July*

A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 10.

859

ev*ye rawe Devonshire Kersey or Dozen from thenceforth to be woven and made in the saide Countie of Devon, or anye of the other Counties adjoyninge, beinge a rudge washe Kersey, that is to saye, beinge made of Fleece Wool! wasshed only on the Sheepes Backs, and the Wooll not beinge clensed washed and scowred -after it is shorne and before it is woven, shall (without any Fraude Deceipte Pollicie Device or Addicon of Stuffe whatsoever to increase the Weighte thereof) weighe in the Markett seventene poundes at the least beinge rawe as it cometh of the Weavers Beame; And eiche and everie of the same Devonshire Kersies or Dozens so being rawe and as it cometh for the of the Weavers Loome, (without rackinge stretching streyning or other Devise to increase the Lengh therof,) shall conteyne in Lengthe betwene Fiftene and Sixtene yeardes by the measure of yearde and ynche by the Rule, without wrt Observacbn of Weight beinge rawe, they cannot fall out, (after they be well scowred thicked and fullie dried,) to conteyne the lengthe and weight ex passed and lymitted in the Statute of the fourth and fyveth yeres of Phillipp and Marie, viz. Twelve yerdes in lenghe and Twelve pounds in Weight, as hathe bene sufficientlie made knowen and testified to your Highnes saide Privie Counsell before the saide Pclamacbn : And yf any Weaver shall worke or make any of the saide kindes of Kersies of lesse Weight or Measure then ys before mencioned after their kinde, everie suche Offendor shall forfeite for ever quarter of a pounde in Weight wrt anye of the saide rawe Kersies or Dozens w‘h shalbe broughte to any Markett or soulde or offered to be soulde, shall want of their Weight aforesaide, Twelve pence, and for everie quarter of a yarde w* shalbe wantinge in lenghe of either sorte of the saide Kersies likewise beinge soulde or offerred to be soulde, Twelve pence; And that eche sorte of the saide Kersyes or Dozens shalbe sewantly woven throughout of well and like sorted yame, and that no Weaver shall use any diPsitie in the bignes or goodnes of his yeame in any parte of the saide Kersies, savinge onelye in the Lystf, nor use anye other practise in edginge or weavinge of any the same Kersies or Dozens, to make the same seme fyner nere the Edge or Liste then in other parte of the same Clothe.

And that it maye be further Inacted by the authorise aforesaide, That eiche Weavor shall weave his shopiSke of some coloured Yame in thend of everie Kersey, wch he shall hereafter weave or make, and shall also at eche end of everie of the same Kersies weave one Purrell likewise of coloured Yame of the bredthe of Thre Quarters of an Ynche at the leaste, wherbye the deceitfull cutdnge and dymynishinge of suche Clothes by Tuckers or Fullers heretofore used, may heneforthe be pVented; And if any Weaver shall use any Deceipte in mynglinge his Yeame, or shall omytt his shopmke, or shall not weave in everie Kersey Two Purrells, accordinge to the tenor of this Acte, he shall forfeyt and lose for everie Offence to the cont*rie, Tenne Shillingf.

And to thend that the weight and goodnes of all the saide Kersies called Dozens beinge rawe may be the better and more certenlie knowen, it may further be enacted, That noe Weaver nor any other pson whatsoever shall offer or put to sale any of the same Rawe Kersies called Dozens, before the same have bene viewed weighed and marked in some Cittie Towne Corporate or Marked Towne, and allowed by suche Officer, and marked withe suche Marks as shalbe there in suche Cittie or Towne used and appoynted for that purpose; upon payne to forfeyt and loose for everie Clothe soulde or offered to be soulde to the cont*rie, Tenne Shillingf, thone Halfe of all wrl' Forfeytures shalbe to the use of your Highnes your Heires and Successors, and thother Halfe to the principall Officer or Magistrate of the

Cittie Towne Corporate or Markett Towne next adjoyninge to the dwellinge or workinge Place of suche Weavers as

shall offende in any of the pmisses, yf he the same Officer or Magistrate shall firste make Seisure therof, or els to the principall Officer of that Cittie Towne Corporate or Markett Towne where the same shalbe soulde or offered to be soulde, to be recovered by Acc&n of Debte Bill Playnte (’) Information with Costs, in anye Courte of Recorde, wherin noe Ptection Wager of Lawe or Essoyne shalbe allowed.

And for the better Discoverie of the Offences aforesaide and the more pfecte accomplisshing of the pWisses, it may be also enacted, That the principall Officer or Magistrate for the tyme beinge in everie Cittie Towne Corporate or Markett Towne of the saide Countie, or of any other of the Counties adjoyninge, where any suche Kersies called Devonshire Kersies or Dozens nowe are or hereafter shalbe woven made offered or put to sale, shall everie yere from henceforthe appoynte and have in redynes at all tymes nedefull, two or more discreete psons tv'1' shalbe

special I and knowen Officers and Searchers, w* shall attend and shalbe at his and their entrie in his or their saide

Office swome, duringe his and their contynuance in the saide Office trulye to viewe weyghe & marke eiche Kerseye called a Dozen, in suche Cittie or Towne, or any of them, made soulde or offered to be soulde or put to sale, and to pfeent eche Offence or Defecte w® shall there fall out cont’rie to the true meaninge of this Statute; everie whiche Sercher or Officer so to be hereafter appoynted for this purpose in any suche Cittie Towne Corporate or Markett Towne, shall by force of this Acte have power and authoritie to enter in the daye tyme into all Shoppes Warehouses Workehouses and other places convenient of the same Cittie or Towne where he or they shalbe soe appoynted, there to viewe searche and see whether any Kersey or Dozen be made soulde or offered to be soulde confrie to the true meaninge of this Acte; And also to see what Paynes Penalties and Forfeytures shalbe growen due to her Majestie by any Weaver Seller or Buyer within the Libties and pcinctf of the same Towne, takinge onlye of and for the weying and markinge of everie Kersey, a Farthinge for his paynes, and so accordinge to the nomber and noe more, w* Farthinge uppon everie Kersey is to be payde by the Seller of the same Kersey ; And if suche Serchers and Officers shall not be yerelie appointed and attendante at all tymes reasonable and convenient, or shall neglecte his or their dutyes in the true serche weighinge and markinge of the saide Kerseis, or any of them, or shall marke anye one Kersey wc,‘ wants of his weight as is aforesaide, That then and in everie suche Case the Chief Magistrate of everie suche Cittie and Towne, shall forfeyt and loose for everie suche Offence of their Sercher or Serchers Twenrie Shillingf, and for everie Market Daye they shall wante two or one at the least of suche Serchers the some of Fourtie Shillingf, to be levied as hereafter is exjPssed.

Length thereof;

Penalty for Deficiency in Weight or Length.

Such Clothi shall be truly woven.

II.

Shop Marks and Lilts of Cloth.

in.

All such Cloths shall be viewed, weighed, and marked.

IV.

Appointment and Duty of Searchei s of such Cloths.

860

35° Eliz. c. 10, 11.

A.D. 1592-3.

V.

Cloths shill not be bought or dressed before being searched and marked, Ice.

And that it maye further be enacted, That from and after the saide firste daye of Julie, no manner of p6on or psons whatsoever shall buy anye suche Rawe Kersey called Devonshire Kersey or Dozen in any Markett or elswhere, unlesse the same shalbe firste tried weyed and marked by the Officers of the same Cittie Towne Corporate or Markett Towne as is aforesaide; And that no Weaver Tucker Fuller or other whatsoever, shall dresse or cause to be dressed any of the saide Rawe Clothes called Devonshire Kersies or Dozens, unles the same be first tried weighed and marked in some one Markett Towne by the Sercher or Serchers there in that Behalfe appoynted; upon payne of Forfeiture of everie suche Kersey soe bought dressed or putt to dressinge, wch shall not before be tried and marked as ys afore mencyoned.

VI.

Clothi shall not be cut by Clothiers, lie.

Application of Penaltiei.

Continuance of this Act.

And for the avoydinge of deceipte of Tuckers or Fullers, that it maye be enacted, That noe Clothier Tucker Fuller or other pson whatsoever shall at anye tyme from henceforth cutt or dymynishe the Lenghe of anye Kersey called a Devonshire Kersey or Dozen, and after offer or put the same to sale as a whole Kersey or Dozen, uppon payne of Forfeiture of Twenty Shillinges for everie of the same Kerseyes or Dozens so cutt or dymynished j The one haulfe of all and everie whiche Forfeytures not before lymitted and appoynted, shalbe to oure saide Sov’aigne Ladye the Quene, and the other halfe to him or them that will sue for the same by Ac66a of Debtp Bill Playnte or InformaftSn in anye Courte of Recorde, wherein the Playntiffe is to recover his Costes; also wherein noe Protection Wager of Lawe or Essoyne shalbe allowed; This Acte to endure untill the end of the next Parliament.

For increasing Supply of Wood for Casks;

Exporters of Beer shall import certain Proportions of Clap-Boards.

II.

Aliens shall not export Fish unlesc they have imported Clap-Boards.

III.

Wine Casks shall not be exported.

IV.

Proviso for Herrings.

Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for bringinge in of Clapborde.

WHEREAS of late yeres Tymber is greatlie decayed and consumed within this Realme, the wante whereof is greatlie to be feared and spedilie to be pvided for: And forasmuche as theire is great occasion of spendinge and consumynge thereof by fellinge of great Quantities of Tymber and convertinge the same into cloven Boorde for the makinge of Caske, wch ys usuallie t'nsported out of this Realme into the partes beyonde the Seas: And forasmuche also as Wyne Caske broughte into this Realme is verie serviceable aswell for her Majesties Houshoulde and Navie in tyme of her Highnes §vice for victuallinge of her Highnes Shippes, and also for victuallinge of Merchaunte Shippes and a great Cause of sparinge Timber within this Realme: Be it therfore enacted by the Quenes most excellent Majestie the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this p'sent Pliament assembled and by authoritie of the same, That all and everie pson and psons w* shall after the Feste of the Nativitie of Sainte John Babtiste next ensuynge, shippe carrie or fnsporte any Beere into the parts beyonde the Seas, to bee soulde or exchaunged for other &chauntize, shall, if he be a Straunger then before the same tr*nsportinge, yf he be a Subjecte borne then either before the same fnsportinge or within sower Monethes after, bringe or cause to be brought into this Realme from the parties of beyonde the Seas, for everie Sixe Tonnes of Beere, Two Hundred of Clapborde fytt for to make Caske of, to conteyne in Lenghe Three Foot and Two Ynches at the least, or els the same Caske agayne, or so muche other good and sweete Caske in quantitye, and the same to be entred at the Custome House without any colouringe; or if the same fnsportinge shalbe into the Realme of Irelande, then to bringe in manner and forme as aforesaide, so muche of Shaffolde Borde in quantitye as the saide Clapborde amounteth unto.

And also be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That noe Straunger borne shall, after the laste daye of June w* shalbe in the yere of our Lorde One thousande fyve hundred nynetie sower, shippe carrie or fnsporte beyonde the Seas any Pilchers or other Fishe in Caske, unles the same pson have before suche Shippinge brought or caused to be brought into this Realme from the partes beyonde the Seas, for everie Sixe Tonnes of Pilchers or other Fishe accordinge to the Rate and Manner aforesaide, of Clapborde fytt for Caske, or els of Caske as aforesaide, upon payne of Forfeiture of the saide Beere Pilchers and Caske that shalbe shipped or laden to be fnsported into the parties of beyonde the Seas.

And be it further inacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That it shall not be laufull for any pson or psons, after the saide Feaste of S' John the Babtiste next ensuynge, to fnsporte or carrie any Wyne Caske out of this Realme withe any Beere or Beereager, nor anye Wyne Caske shaken, and sell the same Beere or Beereager or Caske, excepte for the victuallinge of any Shippe or portable Vessell, or of any of her Majesties Garrisons and Forces in the Parties of beyonde the Seas, uppon payne of forfeyture of the some of Fortie Shillingf for everie Tunne or Caske soe carried or fnsported.

Provided alwayes. That this Acte nor any Thinge therin conteyned shall not extend to the T*nsportac6n of anye Herringf whatsoever in Caskes ; This Acte to contynue to the ende of the nexte Parliament.


A.D. 1592S.

35° Eliz. c. 12.

861

k

s



ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

rfi

ft

ft

ft

ft

m

m

ft

ISi

ft

ft

ft

ft

t

ft


ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

ft

i

if

CHAPTER XII. (')

An Acte for the confirmacbn of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergye.

WHERE the Prelates & Clergye of the Province of Canterburye have for certein Consideracbns, lovingiye and liberallye geven & gr*unted to the Quenes most Excellent Ma',c, Two Subsidyes of Fower Shilling^ in the Pounde to be taken and levied of all & singler their Pmocbns Spuall w,kin the same Province, at such dayes & tymes it in such certein man! & forme and w*" such Excepcons and Pvicbns as be specifyed & conteyned in a certein Instrumet by them thereof made & dely9ed to the Quenes Highnes under the Seale of the most Reverend Father in God John now Archbyshop of Canterbury & Primate of all England; Which Instrumet is now exhibited in this pnte Pliamet to be ratified & confirmed; The Teno' whereof enseweth in these Woordf:

Illustrissime it Serenissime in Xpo Principi, et I>ne nre clementissime, I>ne Elizabethe, Dei gra Anglie Francie et Hibnie Regine, Fidei defensor, &c. Johanes Divina Pvidentia Cantuarieh Archiepus, totius Anglie Primas ct Metropolitanus, omnimodam obedientiam et subjeccbem, ac felicitatem et salutem, in eo p quem Reges regnant et Principes dominantur: Vestre serenissime Regie sublimitati p pns publicu Instruments sine has iras liras Testimonial significant9 et notu facimus, quod Prelati et Clerus nostre Cantuarieh Provincie, in sacra Synodo Provinciali sive Convocacbne, Vigore et Authoritate Brevis Regii vestri in ea pte nobis directi, in Domo Capitular Ecctie vre Cathedral divi Pauli London, vicesimo die mens Februar, An" Dni juxta computacoem Ecctie Anglicane millesimo quingentesimo nonagesimo secundo jam currente, inchoata et celebrata, ac de die in diem et loco in locu usqs ad et in decimu septimu diem pntis mensis Martij ante meridiem continual et progat, in Ecctia Collegiata divi Petri Westmonasterien ttime congregati, p quibusiFm magnis arduis et urgentib} causis p nos eis ppositis, ac inter eos matura delibafbne ponderatis, p defensione Regno^ et Dnioji vrop, necnon et pro eo£ erga vestram Regia sublimitatem officio, duo ultronea ac spontanea et voluntaria Subsidia vre Regie munificentie, unanimi eo^ consensu et assensu, dederunt et concesserunt, put tenore pntis publici Instrumeti (seriem concessionis hujusmodi in se continentis) plenius liquet et apparet; humiliter et obnixe vre Regie Ma" supplicantes quatenus haec eop subsidia p vra solita dementia benigne accipiatis, ac bene consulere gratiose dignemini: Tenor vero dee concessionis de verbo in verbu sequitur, et est talis.

The Prelate and Clergye of the Province of Canterburye, being lawfully congregated & assembled together in a Convocac&n or Synode, considering their bounden Duties to yowr Ma,ir, their most naturall and graCous SoPeigne Ladye, and havinge in remembrance the manifould and ample bnefittf wd‘ they dailie receive, not only by yo' most gracous and godly Governemet, wherby they be conserved in Peace and Quietnes, and

so more able to serve God & intend to their Office & Vocacbn, but also, and that moste chieflye, by the

setting forth & advauncinge of Gods most Holy Worde and his sincere and true Religion in this yo' Realme, and abolishing of all forraigne Power contrarie to the same; Considering also the great & ymportable Chardges that yo' Ma"‘ hath alreadie and is like herafter to sustaine aswell in the necessarye Provision of all kinde of Munition for the better fortefyeinge both by Sea and by Land f yor Highnes omynyons, & withstanding forraigne

Invasion, as also in the provident & nedefull pvencbn of suche and the lyke intended Attempt^, inanyfestly tending

to the disturbance of our Peace, to the utter overthrowe of the pnte happie Estate of this your Highnes Realme, to the myserable Ruyne of dips other Princes and Countries associate and nere adjoyning, & to the extirpation Sc rooting out of the sincere profession of the Ghospell of Christ both here and elsewhere : And fynallye weyingc the Malice of the Adversaryes of Gods truthe, sworn Enemyes to yowr Mal" and to the Prospytye of this Realme doth dailie increase (as by many and notorious Attemptf & pparacbns in dyvers respects farre exceading those of former tyme hath & doth appeare) whereby most dangerous & bloodye events were and are lykely to ensue, unles by the spiall goodnes of Allmightie God and by yor Ma'f provident Care (as by a principall meanes) they had bene & shalbe hereafter pVented; wh cannot be w'"out your Ma'f very great & inestimable Expenses: In Considerac&n of the pmysses, & for a true Declaration of their loyall Affections & dutifull Hartes & Myndf towardes your Ma", w"1 one uniforme agreamet accord and consent together, with most hartie good will, have geven and gr’unted and by these pntf do geve & gr*unte to yo' Highnes yor Heirf & Successors, (over and besides sower paymetf of Subsidies gr’unted the last Pliamet, and due to be paid in fowere yerf next followinge) Two wholle & entier Subsidies in man! & forme following, That ys to say; That ev*y Archbyshop Byshop Deane Archdeacon Provost Mayster of Colledge Prebendary Parson & Vicar, and eVy other pson & psons of whatsoever Name & Degree he or they be within the Province of Canterburye enjoyinge any Spuall Pinofbn or other Temporall Possession to the same Spuall Pmocon annexed, now not devyded or sepated by Acte of Pliamet or otherwise from the Possession of the Clergye, shall pay to yor Highnes your Heirf & Successors, for ev'y Pound that he may yerly dispend by reason of the said Spull Pmocon, the s5me of Fower Shillingf for eche of the said Two Subsidyes: And for the true and certein value of all the Promocbns & ev'y of them whereof the paymet of this Subsidye shalbe made, the Rate Taxacbn Valuacbn and Estimacbn now remayninge of Recorde in yo' Matl" Court of Exchequer, for the paymet of a perpetuall Dysme or Tenthe gr*unted unto yo' Ma’f most Noble Father in the sixe and twentith yere of his Raigne, conOning such Promocims as now be in Possession of the Clergye, shall only be followed & observed, w<hout making any Valuaebn Rate TaxacSn or Estimacbn other then in the said Recorde is comprised: Provided alwaies, That forasmuch as the tenthe pte of the said Rate & Valuaebn before mentioned, is yerely paid to yo' Highnes for the said ppetuall Disme, so as there remayneth only nyen ptf yerly to the Incumbent clear, These two Subsidies

1 From the Original Act: See Note at the biginning of this Year.


to k

Grant of Subtidiet by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury.

Tenor of the said Grant:

Motivei for the Grant.

Tnro Subsidies of 4>. in the Pound on all Spiritual Promotions, as rated to the King’s Tenth, under Stat. a6 H.VIII. c. 3.

but payable on Nine-Tenths only;

862

35° Eliz. c. 12.

A.D. 1592-3.

and not on the Fir»t Year after Promotion and compounding for Fint Fruiti.

Payable in Four Yean, za. each:

Timet of Payment.

Clerk’* Fee on Acquittance to Collectors i

Like Subsidy on Pensions to Priests,

See.

Stipendiary Priests at *£lo. and above, shall pay 6s. 8d. per Ann.

*£lj, shall pay ios.

Bishops, tec. shall be Collectors;

and shall certify Names of Stipendiary Priests;

Payments shall be reeeived from Collectors when tendered by them;

of iiij s. the Pound shalbe understanded 8c meant only of e$y full Pound of the said nyen ptf & of no more: Provided alwayes, That no pson that is or herafter shalbe pmoted to any fcnefice or Spuall Pmoc&n, 8c hath or shall compound wu' yor Ma,ic yo' Heirf or Successors, for the First Fruitf of the same, sithence the first daye of this pnte Pliamet, & on thyssyde the xixth day of February, w"1 shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1596, shalbe contributorye or chardged for the same ftnefice or Pmocbn to yor Highnes yor Heirf or Successorf w,b any pte of these Subsidyes during the first yere after the time of any such compounding for his First Fruitf; & that ev*y such pson already pmoted to any bnefice or Spuall Pmocun as hath compounded wth yor Ma,k for the First Fruitf of the same, betwen the xixu' day of Februarye in the yere of owr Lord 1591 & the first day of this pnte Pliamet, shalbe contributorie or charged for the same Pmocon to yor Highnes yo' Heirf & Successorf, but only with the moitye of the first paymet of this First Subsidye, in respett that the moitie of his First Fruitf for the said Pmoc&n remayned unpaid to yor Ma,le, the said first daie of this pnte Parliamct: And your Prelatf and Clergye do also graunte, that these Two Subsidyes of Fower Shillingf of the full Pound of the nyen ptf of the yerely value of evy Spuall Pmocon aforesaid w^in the said Province taxed as is aforesaid, shalbe paid to yo' Mall* yo' Heirf 8c Successorf, in maner 8c forme following, That is to say. Two Shillingf of e$y hill pound only aforesaid yerly untill the same be paid; the First Pay met of the former of these Two Subsidies to be due at the xix*1 daie of Februarie w1* shalbe in the yere of o' Lord 1593 ; And the Seconde Paymet of the same to be due at the xixu daie of Februarye w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lord 1594; And also the First Paymet of the latter of these Two Subsidies to be due at the xixu* daie of Feburarie wdl shalbe in the yere of o' Lord 1595 ; And the Second Paymet of the same to be due at the xixUl day of Februarye w1*1 shalbe in the yere of o' Lord 1596, to be delived and paid yerly, by such pson 8c psons as in this pnte Graunte shalbe appointed to have the Collecc&n thereof, to the Lord High Treasorer or Under Tftrer of England for the time being, or to such pson or psons 8c in such place or places as shall please yo' Highnes to appoint to be paid, at or before the last retume of Trynitye Terme in e9y of the said Fower yeres, wu,out paying any Thing to the Receyvo' or to any other Officer or Psons so to be assigned for the Receipt thereof, for any Quiefunce or other Discharge, upon any such Payin' or Receipt of the said Subsidies or any pte thereof, to be geven and deliv’ed, but only sower Pence, 8c that to the Clarke for writing the same Acquifuncf or Dischardge for ev*y of the same Paymetf: Item, Yo* Highnes saide Prelatf and Clergye also doe gr‘unte, that ePy Priest 8c all other Ecdiasticall psons having any Pencon payeable by yo' Ma* yo' Heirf or Successorf, by reason of the dissolution of the late Monasteries Colledgf Fre Chappellf Countries Fraternities Guyldf 8c Hospitallf, or of any other Spuall Dignitye or Corporation now dissolved within the said Province of Canterburye, shall likewise paye to yo' Highnes yo' Heirf and Successors Fower Shillingf of evy Pounde of the said Pencbns w"’in the said first Two yeres, 8c Fower Shillingf of ePy pound of the saide Pencbns w"'in the said latter Two yeres, at such daies 8c tymes as are before specifyed ; And that for the sure paymet tlierof, deduction 8c detention of the same shalbe made yerly in the Hands of the payerf of the said Pencbns, after the Rate 8c Portion of Two Sliiilingf the pounde ev*y of the said sower yerf, to be accompted for 8c answered to yo' Ma’f Use by yo' Highnes Receyvora and Officcrf deputed for the paymet of such Pencbns, in their scvall Accomptf, w,hin the which, Allowance shalbe geven them for their Paymet of ev*y such Pensions lyable to the sePall Paymetf of the said Two Subsidyes: Item, Yo' saide Prelates 8c Clergye do gr’unte that evy Priest Deacon or Mynister Stipendarye, executing any Ecdiasticall Function, 8c receyveing an anuall Stypend being no Ppetuitye, of Ten pounds or above, wu'in the said Province, shall pay unto the use of yo' Highnes yo' Heirf 8c Successo's, Sixe shillingf 8c eight pence in cpy of the saide Fower yerf, at such time 8c to such psons as the said Subsidyes shalbe paid; 8c that evy Priest Deacon or Mynister executing any Ecdiasticall Function, 8c receyvinge an anuall Stipende being noe Ppetuytye of Fiftene Pound or above w'^in the said Province, shall pay unto the use of yo' Highnes yo' Heires 8c Successorf Ten Shillingf in ePy of the said Fower yeres to be levied in such sorte as is herafter specified for the Subsidyes of the Residue of the Clargye; 8c for defaulte of the Paymet of the said Stipendaryes, that ev*y Pson Vicar or other Spuall or Temporall pson Pprietarie or Farmer, hyreing any Preist or Mynister to serve in any Place, shalbe answerable 8c chardged for 8c w,h the paymet of the saide Ten shillingf 8c sixe shillingf 8c eight pence for the said Priest or Mynister ev*y of the saide Fower yeres, 8c shall 8c may make retention of his 8c their Wages quarterly, of so much as the said Stypendaries be chardged w’h by this pnte Gr"unte, ev*y of the said Fower yers : Item, Yo' said Prelatf 8c Clergie do graunt, that ev*y Archbyshop Byshop, and (the Sea being void) e$y Deane 8c Chapiter of that Sea void, shalbe Collectorf of these Subsidies w,bin their pper Dioces during the said Fower yeres, other then of the Pensionaries aforesaid; and that the said Archbishop Byshop, or (the Sea being void,) the Deane 8c Chapiter, shall certefye into yo' Ma’f Cowrt of Exchequer under their Scales, the Names 8c Surnames of all such Stipendarye Priests Deacons 8c Mynisterf w"'in their Dyoces, as be changeable by this Acte, at or before the said last retorne of Trynitye Terme yerly during the said sower yerf: And those Stipendarie Priests and Mynisters only shalbe reputed 8c taken to be chardgeable by this Acte, wcU shalbe in such sorte certefyed, unlesse w"'in thre yeres next after such Certificate exhibited, it shalbe justlye pved that some are omytted that ought therein to have bene certified; And in this case such 8c so many other Stipendary Priests Deacons 8c Ministerf shalbe likewise accompted chardgeable by this Acte as w"'in the said thre yeres shalbe so found to have bene omytted: And yo' said Prelatf and Clergye doe most humbly beseche yo' Ma'% that yt may be enacted by yowr Ma,ic 8c yo' High Cowrt of Parliamct (for the spedy paymet of the said two Subsidies and to avoid delaies thereof) that when 8c as often as any Collector or Collectorf chardgeable w,b the Collection of these Subsidies, or of any pte of them, or the Deputye or Deputyes of any of them, shal offer the paymet of them or of any pte of them, to the use of yo' Ma'le yo' Heirf or Successorf, to any pson or psons appointed to receive the same by yo' Highnes or by the Lorde High Threasorer, that the said pson or psons so appointed shall w"'in sower daies next after such Appointemet, receyve or cause to be receyved the Money so offred to lie paid, w°’out any further delay, 8c

k

A.D. 15.92-3.

35° Eliz. c. 12.

863

'»

k

n

h

H

k



ti

c

ii



SI


ti

k


si

sc

at

'»

iW

¥■

k

i

\*

a

b

iit

li

kt

I*

:.-

fk

4

a

si

ft

tf

r*

i

ii

h

i

k

si

i

delyver one sufficient Bill testifyeinge the Receipt thereof to the saide Collector or his Deputyc, uppon c9y such pdculer paymet: And that ev'y such Auditor as is or sltalbe appointed to take or receive the Accouipt of any such Collector or Collectorf, shall w,uin sixe dayes next after request to him to lie made, truly & indifferently take the saide Accomptc & make Allowance as by this Gr"unte is appointed, upon paine that evy suche pson and p6ons appointed to rcceyve the same some or somes of Money so offered, and evy such Auditor shall lose and forfeite for ev*y defaulte or delay to be made to the Collector or Collectorf so olfringe to make Paymet or Accompt as aforesaide, the some of ten pounds of lawfoll Money of Englande; the one moitye thereof to be to jo' Ma,lr yor Heirf and Successorf, & the other moitie to the said Collector or Collectors so greyed, the same to be paid upon Complaint made to the said Lord Threasorer Under 'Hirer or to the Lord Chief Baron of yo' Ma'f Cowrt of Exchequer, who upon such Compleint shall pntely examyne the Matter, & fiudinge defaulte shall comytte the Offendor to Warde, there to remaine untill hee shall have paid the saide scverall somes so forfeited: And for the better levyeing & recoPynge of these Subsidyes, yowr said Prelatf and Clergie do likewise mo.-tc humbly beseche yor Ma,c that it may be enacted by yo' Ma'" and yo' said High Court of Parliamet, in mail Sc form following, That ys to say; that ev’y Collector of the saide Subsydies, & of ev*y pte and pcell of them, and their lawfull Deputie or Deputies, may have full Power and Aucthoritie to use all Waies and Meanes A Processe as be p'seribed in the Acte of ppetuall Disme for the Collection & levienge thereof; and may make accompu of the same before the Lord High Threasourer or Under Threasorer of England for the tyme beinge, or any other Officer by yowr Highnes or yowr Cort of Exchequer to be appointed for the same, and ill such place as yo1 Ma‘° shall likewise assigne in such wise and after such form onely as the said Archbishop and Byshops be nowe chardged to make accompte for the said perpetuall Dysmes and Tenthe; wherby ys meant that the lacke Sc defalte of PaymCt of & for any Spuall <Pmoc&n or Pmoc&ns, shall only chardge such Incumbent or Incuinhcntf, &c such others as be bound to pay the same: And that the Archbishop Bishop and Deane and Chapiter gathering that u they can receive and making paymet therof shall for the rest not by them receyved, be dischardged by their Certeficate to be made at or before the last Retom in Trynitye Terme in ePy of the saide fewer yers unto yo' Highnes Cowrt of Exchequer : And that vj d. of everye pound wherew11* the Collector shalbe chardged in this Accompt, clerely to be paid into the Receipt of yo' Ma'f Exchequer, or into such other place as shall please yo' Highnes to appoint, shalbe allowed to the said Collector upon his Accompt for the same in ev’y of the said fewer yens, for the Chardgf of the said Collection Portage salfe conveynge & payeinge of the said Subsidyes: And moreover that yt may be enacted likewise, that after any paymet of the said Subsidye shalbe once due by vertue of this Gr'untc in any one of the saide sower yers, yf any Incumbent of any Benefice or Pmocdn Spuall chardged to the PaymCt of ether of the said Subsidyes, being at any time after that the same PaymCt shalbe due, lawfully monyshed ether psonally or at his Dignitie Stall Church or Mansion Howse, by the Archbyshop or Byshop of the Dyoces or his Deputye or Dopuiyes, or the Deane & Chapter (the Sea being void,) or by any their Deputie or Deputies authorized in that behalf, to appeare by himself or his Deputye, at a certein Day & Place of convenyent distaunce to the said Incumbent then to be signyfied & prefixed, and then and there to pay such parte of the said Subsidies of his Benefice or -Pmocdn Spuall as then by vertue of this Graunte shalbe due, doe not either at the same Day & Place so to him signyfied and p'fixed, truly content and pay, or cawsc to be contented Sc paid, the same parte of the said Subsidies w"‘ then by him shalbe due to be paide unto the same Archbishop or Byshop or to his Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane & Chapter of any Sea being voide, or to their Deputie or Deputies, or to one of them shewing sufficient Deputation from the said Archbishop Byshoppe or Deane and Chapter, under his or their Scale in that behalf, being readie at the same dnyc Sc place so signifyed Sc pffixed, to receive any PajinCt of the said Subsidyes then due, & openly demaunding the same, or else pay the same w‘:,iu fyftvc dayes uex: after any such p'fixed day at the farthest, (so that open demaund be made of the said PaymCt of the said Subsidies in & at the said Place & Daie before p'iixcd.) that then evy Incumbent so makeing defaulte of PaymCt of his pte of the said Subsidies in anic of the saide sower yeres, after such defaulte thereof certified into yor Ma'f Exchequer in Writing under the Seale and Hand Writings of any Archbyshop or Byshop or the Comen Seale of the Deane & Chapiter (the Sea being void,) chardged w‘" the Collection of the same Subsidies, so that the said Certificate shalbe made accordinge to the forme hereafter cxpiessed Sc exhibited into yo' Ma'f said Co'te of Exchequer at or before the laste Rctornc in Trinitye Terme in evy of the

said sower yeres, shall forfeite & lose unto yo' Ma'" yo' Heires Sc Successorf, all the Pffittf w " of that onely

Dignitie tinefice or <Pmocon for the \vrl1 he maketh suche Defalte of Paymet, and whereof suche Certificate shalbe

made, shall come growe or aryse unto him, (over & above the Chardgf of serving of the Cure,) in one wholle

yere next after suche Certificate made Sc delyved unto yo' Highnes Cowrt of Exchequer, & there admitted, in case the same Incumbent shall so long lyve; and that evy such Certificate of any such default of PaymCt shalbe made accordinge to the teno' & eftecte ensueing mutatis mutandis:—Honorabiliby et egregiis viris, Diio Thesaurario Sc Baroniby de Scaccario Illustrissime Dne lire Domine Elizabeth Dei grit Anglic Fr'uncic et Ilibnic Regine, lidei defensor,

am! Accounts be taken by Auditors,

\c. Penalty _L lo.

Collectors dial! have the «ame Powers as for levying the Tin: hi, Jt'c.

Allowance for Collection,

M. in th • Pound.

Incumbent of any I! n lice, on Denial d of Subsidy from l.im, and Certificate by the lli-l oji into lb lly.li,-liner of Non-pavinent, shall forfeit .such 1! tyiiicg;

Form of such Cirtilic.il.

&c. Vester humilis I. pmissione Divi.na L. Epus, auctate et vigore cujusdm Actus Pliatueti An" regni die l)ne Regine tricesimo quinto editi et provisi, ad colligend & Icvandu Subsidiu eidm Due Regine in eodem PliamCto p Prelates & Clerum Cantuarieh Provincie concessa, viz. pro printa soluedne primi Sulisidij solvcnd deciino nono die Februarij ultimo ptarito, infra Diocesim liram L. deputatus et aucthorizat3, omiodam revervatia tamis viris debiiii cu liotn.v. Vestris reverentiis haru serie annuncio et certifico me pfatu Epfi, tnodo quo p'tertur deputatu & aucthorii atfi, sufficienter et cu omni diligentia requisisse, p N. O. deputat mefi in hac nte, de quociiif, tmeficio ct P.uoede Ecdiastica in quad'm schedula pntiby onnexa spccificat, stimas dei Subsidii ,j> dcis Beneftciis ct Pronioeuibus debitas, p printa soludde dei Subsidii debiti solvend dco decimo nono die Februarij ultiTi p'terir, prout in end schedula pntiby annexa plenius liquet, et apparet; Sed dieas sfunas ex causis in eadent schedula allegatis recipere non potui. In cujus rei Testintoniu, Sigillu tncu pntiby apposui. Dat die mens Anno Dni

864

35° Eliz. c. 12.

A.D. 1592-3.

»nd Schedule to be annexed.

Incumbent may tender the Sum due at any Time before Certificate it exhibited.

Acquittances to Collectors paying Subsidies to Lord Treasurer:

Fees thereon;

Penalty on Neglect

or Extortion in Officers of the Exchequer, s£io.

Particular Acquittances by Collectors to Incumbents.

Names of Deputy Collectors shall be certified.

Twenty Days, after Demand, allowed for Payment;

without Fees, ttc.

No Spiritual Promotions shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy,

The Forme of w"* Schedule above menc&ned ensueth: Civitas L. vel Decanatus de H. A. Rector vel Vkariua ibm monitua suit apud pred die ulrifil pHerito p N. O. deputatfl meG, ad

aolvend apd Ecctiam de L. in cofft R. die p)1 sequent, ilia ptS Subsidii p ipm debita decimo nono

die Februarij ultimo p*terito, p pmofftne sua predca. Sed pdCus A. B. nec apud Ecctiam de L. p>d£fam, eodm die nec alibi p quinquaginta diet postea, sumam per ipm debita (ut ^fertur) solvit vel aadefedt:

neq> d£am sumam de pficuis d?e pmofonis nec de bonis 8c cattaliis dS A. B. aliquo modo levare sive redpere potui. Provided allwaies, that yf any Pson or Incumbent, changeable by this Acte or Gr*unte to any Paymit of these two Subsidies, shall proffer or tender Paymtt of any sQme due to the Archbishop or Bishop, or to the Deane Sc Chapter where the Sea is void, or to any Deputie or Deputies of any Archbishop Byshop or Deane and Chapter aforesaid, at any tyme before the Certificate exhibited into thexchequer as is aforesaid, that then notwithstanding the Certificate made as is aforesaid against any such pson, the said Incumbent or pson against whom the Certificate was so made, shall 8c may averre the Offer or Tender of his Paymft as is aforesaid ; And of the same shalbe tryed either by sufficient Wytnesses before the Lorde Threasorer or Barons of Thexchequer, or by the tryall of Twelve Men upon any Yssue therupon to be joyned betwixt the said IncGbent and any other pson or psons, that he or any other for him did offer or tender Paymct of the some due as aforesaid, that then ePy such Incumbent shall have and enjoye his Pmoc&n or Pmoc&ns still, w'\>ut forfeiture or loosinge to yor Ma,k yo' Heiif or Successorf any the Proffitt? thereof, and as though no Certificate or Defaulte of such Paymft had bene made or exhibited; Any Thing in this pnte Gr*unte or Acte to the contrarie notwithstanding : And further, that yt may bee enacted likewise that cPy Archbishop 8c Bishop, and Deane 8c Chapter of ePy Sea vacante 8c other psons changeable to 8c w*1* the Collec&n of these Subsidies within the said Province of Canterburye, shall 8c may have upon ePy Paymet of the same Subsidies, made to the Lorde Threasorer or Under Threr of England for the tyme being, or to such other pson or psons in place 8c places to whom 8c where yt shall please yowr Highnes or your Court of Exchequer to appoint for the Receipt thereof in eQy of the said sower yeres, a sufficient Acquitance Dischardge or Quietus cst in writing of the said Lord Highe Threasorer or Under Threasorer, or of such other pson or psons as ether your Highnes or yo' said Cowrt of Exchequer shall assigne for the Receipt thereof, or as hertofore in the like Cases it hath bene accustomed, the same Acquietance Dischardge or Quietus est witnessing the Receipt of so much of the same some of the said Subsidies as shalbe so receyved; 8c ePy suche Acquittance Dischardge or Quietus est in Writing sealed and subscribed wl* the Name or Names of the Lord High Treasorer or Under Treasorer for the tyme being, or of such Auditor or other pson or psons as it shall please yo' Highnes or yo' saide Court of Exchequer to appoint for the same Receipt?, or of suche others as hertofore in like Cases it hath bene used, shall and may be good and effectuall in the Lawe, and be also as sufficient a Dischardge to all and eVy of the said Collectorf, to all such Intent? Constructions and Purposes, as If the same were made by Acte of Ptiamct: And that ev^y of the said

Collector? shall pay but only thre shilling? sower pence for e9y gefiall 8c fynall Acquietance Dischardge or

Quietus est, for ePy yeres PaymCt of the said Subsidies: And if any pson so assigned shall refuse or delay to make such a genial 1 or fynall Acquietance Dischardge or Quietus est for every yeres Paymct of the said Subadyes, or shall require 8c take for the same any more then thre shilling? sower pence; or yf any other Officer of Thexchequer shall require k take of any Collector or Collectors or of his or their Deputie or Deputies, in respect of the Collecc&n

Paymct or Accompt of the said Subsidies or any pte thereof, or for expedition, or for anie other Cause or p>tence

whatsoev* concerning the same, any fees or s5mes of Money other then are before in this pnte Acte expressely allowed unto them, shall forfeite the some of Ten pound? of lawfoll Money of England, to be paid 8c recoped in like man! and to the same Uses as is before lymited 8c expressed in this Statute towching the like Forfeitures of Receivor? and Auditors: And also that ePy pticuler Acquittance w^ upon paymCt of any parte of the same Subsidies shalbe made by any Collector or Collectors of the same Subsidies, or of any Paymct of them, or by his or their Deputie or Deputies in that Behalf, to any Incumbent of any bnefice or Pmoc&n Spuall, or to any pson or psons contributorie 8c chardgeable to 8c w"’ the same Subsidies, or anie pte or paymct of them, shalbe good 8c effectuall in Lawe, 8c a full 8c sufficient Dischardge to ePy such Incumbent, k other Pson, 8c his bnefice 8c Pmoc&n Spuall, of 8c for all suche Summe 8c Sumes of Money as by the same Acquittance shalbe acknowledged to be receyved, in respect of the same Benefice or Praoc&n Spiritual), for anie PaymCt or anie pte of the same Subsidies And that no Acquietance of any other peon or psons made before such Certificate, shall in any wise dischardge any pron or pmoc&n, for any pte of his said Subsidies, nor of any Paine Penaltie or Forfeiture specified in this Graunte: And to the intent yt may be knowne to the Cowrt of Exchequer who be the Deputie or Deputies of every such Archbishop Byshop or Deane and Chapter, aucthorised to receive the same. Sc to make Acquietance thereof, every Archbishop k Byshop, and Deane Sc Chapter of any Sea beinge void, shall yerely w"" the Certificate of the Names of Stipendaric Priest? 8c Deacons, certifye the Names of ePy the Deputies to be appointed as is aforesaid : Provided allwaies That no Collector of these Subsidies or of any pte of them, shall use anie pcesse or compulsorie Meanes, or exacte any fees or sumes of Money for the same, or otherwise, of any peon for not payeing the said Suhsidies or any pte thereof, at such certein day and place as shalbe by the Collector or hit Deputie ftffixed, in case the said p6on shall tender the same unto the Collector or his Deputie w^in twentie daies next after such pfixed daie; and that the said Collector? shall not by themselves or any others, take of any pson for the Receipt of any severall Paymct of the said Subsidies, 8c for his Acquietance thereupon, any more than sower pence, by any colour or pretexte whatsoeP: Provided also, that noe Spuall Pmo£&ns, or any Landes Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, being charged by this Graunte of the Province of Canterburye, or any Goods or Chattell? groweing being or renueynge upon the same, or elsewhere appteyning to the Owners of the said Spuall Pmoc&ns or to anie of them, shalbe chardged or made contributorye to any Fifteene or Tenth, or any other Subsidie alreadie gr*unted to yo' Highnes by the Laitie, or herafter to be graunted duringe the Terme of the said sower yeres: Provided alto, That all Deanes Archdeacons Dignities Maister?


ADA592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 12.

865

U

k

k|

I*

Hi

ik



4

* IHi *» U * \k u »

ii

i

ii


U

U


m

r

ri

ii

ll

I"

N

it

b;

V

l

it


fc

if

,*

k

e»


k

9t

Wardens and Prebendaries of all Cathedrall & Collegiate Churches & Colledgf, or anie of them, within the said Province, shalbe chardged with these Subsidies for those Possessions Revenues and Pmoc&ns only wch to their sePall Promofbns Dignities & Roomes are clerely & distinctly lymitted, and to their owne onely use sev'ed, thereof to paye (the tenth parte beinge deducted for ether of the said Subsidies) sower shillingf of ePy full Pound, in maner & forme as is above rehearsed: And that all those Rents Possessions Pffittf Porc&ns Hereditametf and Spuall Pmoc&ns, & every of them, hertofore by your Highnes or anie yo' Maf noble Progenitors, or any other pson or psons whatsoever, geven graunted bequeathed devysed or impropriated unto the said Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or to any of them wch any waies be assigned imploied or used, eyther for or towards the yerelie Mainten*nce of Readerf of Divinirie Poore Men Scholemaisters Ushers Grammarians Petticanons Conductf Vicars Chorall Singingmen Choristers Virgers Sextons, or of anie other necessarie or dailye Officers or Mynisters in such Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledgf or any of them, or for or towards the reedifieng or repairing of any of the same Cathedrall or Colledgiate Churches or Colledgf, shall not be chardged w"1 any pte of those Subsidies) the certeintie of w* Porc&ns, aswell chardgeable to these Subsidies as not chargeable in this behalf, the Archbyshop, or Byshop of the Dyoces, or (the Sea being void) the Deane and Chapter, or anie other to whom the same shall or may appeneine, upon due Serche and Examynac&n, shall certefye under his or their Seales into yo' Highnes saide Cowrt of Exchequer at or before the said last retome of Trynitye Terme in everie of the said sower yeres: Provided alwaies, that every Pson Vicar or other Spuall Pson paying anie Pension whereof no Allowance is made in the Valuac&n of his Pmoc&n or Benefice shall 8t may retaine Two Shillingf of ePy pounde of ev*ie such Pension ev*y yere during the saide sower yeres to his owne Relief, in consideration that he is chardged to paye these two Subsidies of Fower shillingf the pounde out of ev*ie pounde of the wholle value of his Pmoc&n j Anie Covenant Grant or Band to the contrarie notwithstandinge : Provided also and yor said Prelatf and Clergye do most humblie beseech your Highnes, that it may be enacted by yo' Maf Aucthoritie & yo' High Cowrt of Parliamet, That where certein Lands Tents Rents Spuall Pmoc&ns Tythes Penc&ns Porc&ns Fruitf and other Hereditametf, lately belonging to dyvers Cathedrall Churches, and to other places and psons Ecctiasticall w""in the said Province of Canterburie, w® were geven and assigned to be bestowed & spent in and on fynding and mainteyninge of certein Chauntries Anniversaries Obitf Lights Lampf and other like Chardges Intentf and Purposes, of late came into the Hands & Possession of the late King of famous memorie Edward the Sixte, by the force of a Statute thereof made in the first yere of his Reign, as by the said Statute more plainely appeareth; That the saide Cathedrall Churches & the Byshops Deanes or Presidents and Chapters and Prebendaries of the same, and all other places and psons Ecctiasticall or any of them, to whom the said Lands Rents and other the pmisses or any of them did latelie appteine, shall not duringe the said sower yeres be chardged to and w‘b any pay met of Subsidie, of and for that parte and porc&n of Lands Tenemetf Rents Spuall Pmoc&ns and other HereditamStf or any of them, wherunto the saide late Kinge by force of the said Statute was intituled or possessed of, nor of any yerely Rents or Paymentf going owt of the said Cathedrall Churches & other the places and psons Ecctiasticall aforesaid; and that Deduction and Allowance therof be made to them and ev'y of them accordinglie, in and upon every payment of the said Subsidies, out of the wholle Value Taxac&n and Estimac&n made for the payment of the said ppetuall Disme or Tenthe remayning of Record in yo' Highnes Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, for the Rate & Porcon of Lands Tefitf Rents Spuall Pmocons & other Hereditam'f & those yerly paymentf wherunto the said late King was intituled or possessed of; or w® since the making of the said Statute by reason that they have bene found as Lands Tents Rents Tythes or other Hereditametf concealed from the said late King Edward the Sixte, the late King Henry Theight, the late Queene Marye, or any of them, or from your MaUe, or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the said Cathedrall Churches & other places and parsons aforesaid or of any of them by force of the Statute premysed or any otherwise: Provided also, That these two Subsidyes graunted by the Clergie shall not be demaunded or levied out of any Benefice Howse of Students or Colledge, scituate or sett w,hm eyther of the Universities of Cambridge or Oxforde, or any Benefice Landes or other Revenues unto the said Universities or eyther of them, or to any Howse of Students or Colledge in any of the same Unjversityes, united appropriated or appteyninge or out of any Benefice Lands or Revenues of the Colledge of Windsor, or of the Colledge of Westni being of yor Ma'f Foundac&n, or of the Colledge of Eaton nigh Windsor, or of the Colledge called S* Maries Colledge by Winchester, founded by Wittm Wyckam sometime Bysshop of Winchester, or of any Hospitallf Aimes Howses or Grammer Schooles, or of any Church Benefice or other Revenues, to the said Colledgf Hospitalls Aimes Howses or Grammer Schooles or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwise appteyning : Provided allwaies, That all Psons Vicars and other Ecctiasticall Psons whose Benefices are not above Sixe pounds thirtence shillingf sower pence by yere, alter the said Taxac&n aforesaid, shall not be chardged with these two Subsidyes or any pte of the same: Provided also, That every Vicar whose Benefice is Eight poundes or above and not above Ten poundes by yere after the Taxac&n aforesaid, shall pay every yere of the said sower yeres, onely Sixe Shillingf Eight Pence for his parte of the said Subsidie as Stipendarye Priests be chardged to pay by force of this Graunte and not otherwise j and yf yt be under Eight poundes, he shall not be chardged w® anie pte of the said Subsidies: Provided also, That evy Priest & all other Ecctiasticall or late Religious psons, having a Pension by reason of the dissolucbn of the late Monasteries Colledges Free Chappellf Chauntries Fratemityes Guylds and Hospitallf, or anie other IncorporacOn within the Province of Canterburye or any of them, and being of the s5me of Fyve pounds or under and not above, ...ail not be chardged or chardgeable for anie suche Pension; Anie thing conteyned in this Graunt to the contrarye notw^standing. And for the suer and true payment of these two Subsidies, gr*unted by yo' said Prelatf and Clergye of the Province of Canterburie, according to the tenour purporte effect and true meaninge of this pnte Gr*unte, Yo' said Prelatf and Clergie most

Drain, See. chargeable for their Promotion*.

Exemption of Revenue! of Cathedrall, See. appropriated to the Poor, Icc.

Certificate of mch Revenue*.

Persona paying Peniiona may retain the Subsidy.

Exemption for Lands of Chauntriei, Sec. veated in the Crown under Stat. I Edw. VI. c. 14. or since, as Land* concealed, fee.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, See.

and for Benefices not exceeding £(>. 13. 4. Vicarages from j£8. to £10. to pay 6s. 8d.

Pensions not exceeding £$.

This Subsidy to be confirmed by Parliament.

VoL.1V.

to L

866

35° Eliz. c. 12.

A.D. 15.92-3.

Such Subsidy confirmed by Parliament accordingly.

II.

The uid Subridy shall be levied by Spiritual Cemurei, or by Distreu ; and when paid by Farmers shall be allowed out of their Renti; unless on express Covenant to the contrary.

III. Subsidy upon Impropriations may be levied on the Farmers thereof.

Distresses may be appraised and sold.

IV.

Lay Impropriators shall be charged under this Act for their Spiritual Promotions.

V.

Subsidy of the Province of York shall be collected under this Act.

VI.

All Provisions in the Grants confirmed.

humblie desire your Highnes that this their said Guyfte Gr*unte and Subsidies, and ev’y Matter sume of Money Peticon Clawse Provisions and Sentences in this Instrumet conteyned concerninge the said Subsidies, may be ratified established and confirmed by the Aucthie of yowr Highnes Cowrt of Parliamet:

Wherefore for the true and sure payment of the said Subsidie, graunted by the said Prelatf 8c Clergye of the said Province of Canterburie, according to the Teno' Effect & true Meanyng of the sayd Instrumet, Be yt enacted by the Quenes most Excellent Ma,lc w"' thassent of the Lords Spuall and Temporall 8c the Comons in this jpsent Parliamet assembled, and by the aucthie of the same, That the said Guifte Graunt, and everye Matter s5me of Money Petic&n Provicon Clawse 8c Sentence in the same Instrumet conteyned, shall stand and be ratified established and confirmed by the Aucthie of this pnte Parliamet.

And Further be yt enacted by the Aucthoritye aforesaid, That every pson that shalbe appointed to the colleccbn and gathering of the said Subsidies, shall have full power and aucthie to levie take and pceive the said Subsidie by the Aucthoritie of the Censures of the Churche, That is to say, by Suspension Excomunicacbn or Interdiccbn, and also by Sequestrac&n of the Fruitf & Pffittf of their Beneficf and Promocbns Spuall, in whose Handes soe9 they be, 8c to make sale of the same Fruites, w'hout daunger of the Lawes of this Realm, or by Distresse upon the Possessions of the Fermo's or Occupiers of the Landes 8c Tenemetf, chardgeable by the said Instrumet for or to the paymet of any some or somes of Money to be due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discrec&n of the Collector thereof; And that no Replevy Phibicbn or Supsedeas shall be allowed or obeyed for any pson or psons making defaulte of the paymet of the said Subsidies, contrary to the tenor of the Graunte thereof, untill such tyme as they have truly satisfied and contented all such pte and porebns as to them in that behalf appteyneth : And that evy such Farmo' & Farmo", their Executorf and Assignes, that shall fortune herafter to bee chardged to or w'" the paymet of the said Subsidie or any pte thereof, shall by the aucthie aforesaid, be allowed and retaine in his Handes asmuch of his yerely Rent and Farme as the some w1* he shall fortune to paye for his Lord or Leassor shall extend unto; Except that the said Farmo' or Farmorf their Executorf or Assignes, by the Lease 8c Graunte that they have of any pte of the Lands Tithes -Pffitf or Tents chardgeable to the said Subsidie, or by force of anie Coven"unte or Article therein conteyned, be bounde & chardged to pay the same, and thereof to dischardge the Leaso' and Landlord during the Term menconed in the said Lease.

And likewise be yt enacted by the aucthie of this pnte Pliamct, That whereas div*s Curates lyable to this Subsidie beinge oftentymes removeable, do serve aswell in divs Impropriacons belonging to the Quenes Ma,ie, as in other Spuall Promocbns belonging to other psons; That for the spedie Recov’ie of the saide Subsidie, yt may be lawful to the said Collector or Collecto's of the said Subsidie, their Deputie or Deputies, to levie the said Subsidie upon the Farmo' or Farmo'* or Occupiers of all such Ympropacbns & Spuall Promocbns, by all Censures of the Churche aforesaid and ePy of them, or by way of Distresse of Tithes of the said Ympropriacbn or Ympropriacbns 8c Spuall Promocbns, or otherwise upon the Goods and Chattellf of the said Farmo' or Farmo" and Occupiers, in w'* case no Inhibicbn Phibicbn Replevy or other Pees awarded to the contrary, shalbe obeyed; Any Lawe Statutf Priviledgf or Customes to the contrary hereof, hertofore made gr*unted or used or herafter to be made grtited or used, to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge. And that it may be lawfull to the Collectors, and the Officers 8c Mynysterf of such Archbishop Byshop Deane & Chapter, for not paymet of the said Subsidie after the same shalbe due in any of the said sower yeres, to pryce and value the said Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent Neighbourf by him to bee chosen, and the Distresse or Distresses so priced, to sell, and therof to deteine so much Money as shall amount to the some paieable to the Quenes Ma,lc, w* the reasonable Chardges also of the said Collector susteyned in that behalf; and the rest of the Money made of the saide Distresse to be deli^ed and paid to the Owner and Occupier thereof.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthie aforesaide, That ev’y Lay pson having Spuall Promocbn chardgeable by this Acte, and also having Temporall Possessions Goods Chattellf and Debts chardged to the said Subsidies granted in this Pliamct by the Temporaltie, shalbe taxed chardged & sett for his saide Spuall Pmoc&ns w"' the Clergye, and his Temporall Possessions 8c Chattellf Reall w"‘the Temporaltie, and not otherwise; Any Thing before menebned to the contrarye notwithstanding.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That all 8c ev’y Graunte 8c Grauntf of all and every s5me 8c somes of Money, graunted or w* herafter shalbe graunted to the Quenes Ma1*' by the Clergye of the Province of Yorke, shalbe of the same strength force and effect in all Things as the said Graunte made by the said Province of Canterbury; and shalbe taxed certified collected levied gathered and paid according to the teno' fourme and effect of this pnte Acte of Parliamet, to all Intentf Construccbns and Purposes, in such mafl 8c forme as though it were speciallie plainly and pticulerly expressed and rehearsed in this pnte Acte, by expresse Wordes Tearmes and Sentences in their severall Natures and Kyndes.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthie aforesaid. That all ^visions before rehearsed, conteyned or to be conteyned in the said Graunte of the Prelatf and Clergie of the Province of Canterburie, and the like of the same Pvisoes herafter to be conteyned in the Graunte of the Prelatf and Clergie of the Province of Yorke, shalbe good and effectuall, and to be observed and kept in e£y Pointe and Article, according to the purporte 8c true meaninge of the same.


I

A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 13

867

i

k

I

I

I

t

k

I

I

k

I

k

k

i

k

k

it

i

k

k

I

I

r

I

i

k





t

i

i

i


I

t

i

i

1

F

CHAPTER Xin. (')

An Acte for the Graunte of Three entier Subsidies and Sixe Fifteenes and Tenthes, graunted by

the Temporaltie.

MOST graciows & most excellent Sov’aigne, yt is depelie ingraven in or Remembrance what puysant and mightie Forces weare for some few yeres past prepared and brought against this noble Realme o' natyve Cowntrey, w" a violent resoluf&n to have made a full bloodie Conquest of this o' Nation, and to have reduced the same under a perpetuall and myserable yoke of forreyne Potentates, whiche most pilowse Attempte of Invasion and Conquest as yt was then by the singuler goodnes of Almightie God, w‘h yor Ma'f Princelie Power and notable Pollicie defeated, w"'owt anye the least interrupcon of o' inwarde Peace and publique Securide; So Wee have juste Cawse to dowbte not onlie that those yor Ma'f capitall and dangerowse Enemyes contynue still a setled and obstynate purpose, to renewe the same w"" greater strengthe and more availeable advauntage then before, but also that the tyme approcheth verey nere when theire such intended Confederacie is like to be put in effecte and execucon: For entring into due considerat&n bothe of suche things as Wee maye of o'selves reache to observe and discerne, and principallie of those greate and highe matters of State whiche yor Ma,ic in a most graciowse trust and favourable Confidence towards Us, vowchesafed to open and impart unto us (towching the Plottf and Projectf of the same yor Enemyes) as Wee do infynitly acknowledge yo' Ma'f most prudent and watchefull Foresight, so Wee do evidentlie pceyve that the Enemyes of yor Highnes and this State, do not onelie pursue a determynate Course as muche as they maye to empoverishe yo' Crowne and Realme by intercepting the Trafique of yo' Marchauntf, but are farre proceeded in vereye greate Practises and maliciowse Enterprises for the ruyneng and supplanting of yo' Confederates in Fraunce and Scotlande, and for the gettinge into theire Possession or at the leaste to be at theire devoc&n the most commodiowse and fitt Places and Peeces whence to offende and invade yo' Ma"" Domynyons: So that looking into the Depthe of theis apparante and ymynent daungers, w‘" loiall and zelowse Harts to yo' Ma"' and naturall Affection to o' flourishing Cowntrey, Wee rest pswaded that suche extraordynarie Remedie is nedefull to be provided as maye in some sorte be proportionable to the pill; And further wee see and w"‘ unfayned Thanks do reknowledge that yo' Ma'f Magnanymytie and most rare and incomparable Benignytie towards us is suche, that having to deale in theis yo' long contynewyng Warres w01 the greatest Lords of Treasure of the Worlde, and making onlie a deffensyve Warre for o' quyett and prosperowse Preservac&n, and being of yo' Highnes owne inclynacon a most moderate dispencer of Treasure, yo' Ma"' hathe nevertheles bene pleased to imploye 8c expende a greate porctin of yor Revenue and Treasure, onlie to spare and ease the Chardge of us yo' most bownden and loving Subjects, Wherein Wee cannot sufficientlie admyre the excellencye of yo' Ma'f most princelie nature, and therew'^all cannot also but contynewallie sett before o' Eies the inestimable Blessingf w4 by yo' Ma'f most happie govemement wee enjoye, the incomparable Benefite of Gods true Religion planted and publiquelie professed amongst Us, yo' Mats imesurable Clemencie in the execucon of yo' Lawes, yo1 woonderfull Providence in preserveng Us in this happie Peace free from any hostile Invasion, notwithstanding the might and malice of yo’ Enemyes, and manye more notable and unspeakeable Benefites whiche have accompanyed yo' Ma'f most flowrisheng tymes, besides the greate 8c ppetuall Honno' w* yt hathe pleased God to give yo' Ma,ie abroade in making yo’ the principal! support of all juste and religeowse Cawses against Usurpers : So that this Iseland hathe in yo' Ma’f daies bene as a Staie and Sanctuarie to distressed States and Kingdomes, and as a Bulwarke against the Tyranyes of mightie and usurpeng Potentates : Wee therefore callinge to firesshe Memorye theis yo' Ma'f most rare and extraordinarie Benefites and weing wth o' selves the present important necessitie, and foreseeing the Flame of those greate MyserieS, whereinto from so greate Blessingf Wee mought fall w,howt good and tymelie Provision ; And pticulerlie discending into Consideration bothe what an highe Proporc&n of Charge yo' Mall' dothe presentlie ssteyne in yo' Domynyons and C.owntreis farre above any of yo' Ma'f noble Progenito", besides the greate Succours in Fraunce and Flaunders, w'* Wee do conceyve to be most honorable in regarde of the awncient Leagues the Justice and Equytie of theire Cawses, and alsoe howe meete and convenyent yt is that yo' Ma" be further fiimyshed w4 Treasure for o' Defence, Wee have thought yt o' bounden Dutye at this tyme most willingly and readyly to offer not onlie this extraordinarie Subsidie, but also like good and loiall Subjects do prostrate o' Lyves and Services to be imploied at yo' pryncelie Comaundement; And therefore becawse these o' Doings shall remayne in ppetuall Recorde to the viewe of all Posterities hereafter, Wee most humblie beseeche yo' most excellent Ma'1* that w‘" yo' graciowse Favor Wee maye testifie and expresse that o' Intencftn is, that this whiche wee have nowe doon upon so extraordynarie and urgent a necessitie to so good and graciowse a Pryncesse. be not drawen a President for the tymes to come, and therefore Wee doe heere w'" the most dutifull humylitie Wee possiblie maye, present unto yo' most sacred Ma,ie Three entier Subsidies, and Syxe Fifteenes and Tenthes towards yor Highnes greate Charges for o' Defence: And Wee doe also most humblie beseeche yo’ Ma"' that yt maye be Inacted by the awthoritie of this present Pliament in maner and fourme followeng, that is to saye: That yo' Ma'1* shall have Sixe whole Fiftenes and Tenthes, to be payed taken and levied of the moveable Goods Cattellf 8c other Things usuall to suche Fiftenes and Tenthes to be contributorie and chargeable, w,hin the Shierps Citties Boroughes Townes and other Places of this yo' Ma'f Realme, in maner and forme aforetyme used; Except the some of thirtie sixe thowsande powndf thereof fullie to be deducted, that is to saye, Sixe thowsande powndf of everie of the saide whole Fifteenes and Tenthes, in Reliefe Comforte and Discharge of the poore Townes Citties and Boroughes of this

1 From the Original Act. See Note at beginning of this Year.


Motive! for Grant of increased Subsidies;

but not intended to be drawn into Precedent.

Grant of Six whole Fifteenth! and Tenths on Personalty, payable, Two within One Year, Two more within the Second Year, and One in each of the Third and Fourth Years; deducting jf6,oooo out of each, for Poor Towns, &c

868

35° Eliz. c. 13.

A.D. 1592-3.

n.

Collector! shall be appointed by the Member! of Parliament for the aeveral Shires, Stc.

Qualification of Collectors.

Such Collectors shall be allotted to several Divisions, and chargeable for the same severally;

and their Names certified into Chancery s

or in Default, such Collectors shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor;

yo' saide Realme, wasted desolate or destroyed or over greatly ympoverished, after suche Rate as was and hathe afore this tyme bene hadd and made to everie Shiere, and to be devided in suche maner and forme as heretofore for one whole Fifteene and Tenthe hathe bene had and divided : And the saide Sixe Fiftenes and Tenthes (the Excepefin and Deduction aforesaide thereupon had deducted and allowed) to be paied in Maner and Forme followeng, That is to saye; The first and seconde of the saide sixe whole Fiftenes and Tenthes (excepte before excepted) to be paied to yo' Highnes in one entyer payment in the Receipte of yo' Exchequer, on or before the tenthe daye of November next comyng; And the thirde and fowrthe of the saide Sixe whole Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be paied to yor Highnes in one entier payment in the saide Receipte of yor Exchequer, on or before the tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of or Lord God One thowsatide fyve hundred ninetye and sour ; And the fifeth of the saide Sixe whole Fiftenes and Tenthes ( excepte before excepted ) to be paied to yor Highnes in one entier payment in the saide Receipte of yor Exchequer on or before the tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of or Lord God one thowsande fyve hundred ninetye fyve: And the sixte and last of the, saide Sixe whole Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be paid to yor Highnes in one entier payment in the saide Receipte of yo' Exchequer oft or before the Tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of or Lord God one thowsande fyve hundred nynetie sixe.

And Be yt further Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That the Knightf elected and retoumed of and for the Shieres w^in this Realme for this present Pliament, Cittizens of Citties, Burgesses of Boroughes and Townes, wheare Collecto" have bene used to be named and appoynted for the Collection of anye Fiftene and Tenthe before this tyme graunted, shall name and apoynt before the tenthe daie of Auguste next comyng, sufficient and liable psons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the saide firste and seconde of the saide Fiftenes and Tenthes; and also shall likewise name and appoynt before the tenthe daie of August, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God one thowsand fyve hundreth nynetie sour, other sufficient and liable psons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the saide thirde and fowrth of the said Fiftenes and Tenthes; and also shall likewise name and appoynt before the tenthe daye of August whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie fyve, other sufficient and liable psons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the saide fyveth Fyftene and Tenthe; and also shall likewise name and appoynte before the tenthe daie of August wdl shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God one thowsand fyve hundred nynetie sixe, other sufficient & liable psons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the saide sixthe Fiftene and Tenthe in everie of the saide Shieres Citties Boroughes and Townes; the saide psons so to be named and appoynted to be Collecto" for the Collection of the saide first and seconde Fyftenes and Tenthes, and also of the saide thirde and fowrthe Fifteenes and Tenthes then havinge Lands Tenementf & other Hereditamentf in theire owne Right of an Estate of Inheritaunce, of the yerelie valewe of Fowrtie powndes, or in Goods woorthe Fowre hundred powndf at the leaste, and the saide psons so to be named and appointed to be Collecto" for the Collecc&n of the saide fyfthe and sixthe Fyfteenes and Tenthes, then having Lands Tefitf and other Hereditamentf in theire owne Right, of an Estate of Inheritaunce of the yerelie value of Twentie Powndf, or in Goods woorthe Twoc hundred Powndes at the leaste eiche of them, after suche Rate and Value as he or they shalbe assessed and rated at in the Subsidie Booke, yf anye suche bee in the saide lymyttf, and for want of suche so assessed, that those shalbe appointed Collecto" that then shalbe rated and taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Lands or Goods neerest to the severall values aforesaide; And also suche pson and psons so by them to be named and appointed for the Collecc&n of the saide sixe Fiftenes and Tenthes, shalbe by them severallie appointed and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Citties Boroughes and Townes; And also the saide psons so named and appointed for the Collecc&n of the saide severall Fifteenes and Tenthes, shall be sev’allie chardged and chargeable, upon his or theire Accompte or Accomptf in the Exchequer to be made, w"1 all suche sume or sumes of Money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Citties Boroughes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appointed shall amownt unto, and of no more sume or sumes; And upon the payment of suche sumes of Money as he or they shalbe so chardged wu‘, shalbe dischardged and have his and theire Quietus est; The not accompting or none payment of anye other his Fellowes, or the insufficiencie of them or anye of them notw'Vanding; And the Names and Surnames of ev'ie of the saide Collecto" for the saide first and seconde of the saide Fifteenes and Tenthes, together w111 the places allotted to theire Collecc&n and Chardge, the saide Knightf

Cittizens and Burgesses, for the Shires Citties and Boroughes whereunto they be allotted named and returned,

shall certifie before the Quenes Ma"e in the Chauncerie before the tenthe daie of September next comyng; and

likewise the Names and Surnames of everie the saide Collecto" so to be named and appointed for the Collection

of the saide thirde and fowrthe of the saide Fifteenes and Tenthes, together w"1 the Places allotted to theire Collection & Chardge, the saide Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certefie into the said Cowrte of Chauncerie before the tenthe daie of September, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thousand fyve hundred nynetie sour; and likewyse the Names and Surnames of everie of the saide Collecto" so to be named and appointed for the Collection of the saide fyveth Fiftene and Tenthe, together wUl the Places allotted to theire Collection and Charge, the saide Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the saide Cowrte of Chauncerie before the tenthe daie of September, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetie fyve; and likewise the Names and Surnames of ev'ie of the saide Collecto" so to be named and appointed for the Collection of the saide syxthe Fyfteene and Tenthe, together w*1 the Places allotted to theire Collection and Chardge, the saide Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the saide Cowrte of Chawncerie before the tenthe daie of September, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie sixe, according to the teno' of this Acte: And yf default of anye suche certifieng be had or made in forme as is aforesaide, then the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande, or Keep of the Greate Seale for the tyme being, shall ymediatlie after, name and appoint Collecto" for the Collection of everie of the saide Fifteenes and Tenthes, in

i

A.D. 15.92-3.

35° Eliz. c. 13.

869

suche like maner and forme as the saide Knightf of the Shieres Cittizens of Citties, and Burgesses of Boroughes shoutde have done, and as aforetyme hathe bene used; The whiche saide Collecto", and everie of them so to be named and appointed as is aforesaide, shall have Allowance upon theire Accomptf for their Fees Waiges and Rewardf for the Collection of the saide Fifteenes and Tenthes, in as large maner and forme as anye Collecto' or Collectours of anye Fiftene and Tenthe have had at anye season in tyme paste; And that the Barons of the Quenes Exchequer for the tyme beinge, shall and maye from tyme to tyme awarde such procf for speedie Payment of the saide severall Fiftenes and Tenthes against the Collecto' or Collectours of the same, as by theire Discrecbns shalbe thought convenyent.

Provided alwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthoritie of this present Pliament, That the saide Lorde Chauncello' or Keep of the Greate Seale for the tyme being, Knightf of the Shieres, Cittizens of Citties, Burgesses of Boroughes Townes and other Places, having awthoritie by this present Acte to nomynate the saide Collecto" of or for the Collection of the saide severall Fiftenes and Tenthes, shall upon theire Noiacbn and Eleccbn had and made, take by awthoritie of this present Pliament, sufficient Recognizauncf or Obligacons of everie pson so by them to be named, to be bownde to the Quenes Mau* in the dooble sume of the sume of theire Collection, and to be indorsed upon suche Condicon, that yf the same Collecto' and Collectours of the saide firste and seconde of the saide Fifteenes and Tenthes, and likewise the Collecto' or Collecto" of the saide thirde and fowrthe of the saide Fiftenes and Tenthes, and likewise the Collectour or Collecto" of the saide fyveth Fifteene and Tenthe, and likewise the Collecto’ or Collecto" of the saide sixthe Fiftene and Tenthe, do trulie content and paie to the use of the Quenes Ma,k in hir Receipt of hir Excheq' for the saide first and seconde of the saide Fifteenes and Tenthes, at or before the saide tenthe daie of November next comyng, and for the saide thirde and fowrthe of the saide Fifteenes and Tenthes, at or before the saide tenthe daye of November whiche shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundreth nynetie sour, and for the saide fyveth Fifteene and Tenthe at or before the saide tenthe daie of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie fyve, and for the saide sixthe Fifteene and Tenthe at or before the saide tenthe daie of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetie sixe, so moche of the saide sume of Money allotted & appointed to his Collection as the same Collecto’ shall have collected and gathered, and doe likewise, after the saide tenthe daie of November next c5myng, and the saide tenthe daie of November, w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetie sour, and the saide tenthe daie of Novemb' whiche shalbe in the yere of o’ Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundred nynety fyve, and the saide tenthe daie of November wc" shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetie sixe, content and paye to the Quenes Ma’f use at the same Receipte of the Exchequo’, the Residue of his Collection and Chardge, w^in one Moneth next after suche tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recognizance or Obligabbn to be voied, or ells to stande in his full strengthe and power; whiche Recogniz'uncf or Obligacbns so taken, the same Knightf of the Shier Cittizens and Burgesses, and everie of them taking anye suche Recognizance or Obligacbn, shall certifie and delyver to the Lorde Threr and Barons of the same Exchequer, before the same tenthe daie of November next comyng, and tenth daie of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie and sour, and tenthe daie of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o’ Lord God One thowsand fyve hundred nynety fyve, and tenthe daie of November whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie sixe; upon payne of Forfeiture of Tenne Powndf to the Quenes Highnes for everie Recogniz*unce or Obligacbn so to be taken and not certified ; And that everie suche Collecto' upon Request to hym made, shall make and knowledge the same Recognizance or Obligafbn accordinglie, upon payne of forfeyture of Twentie powndf to the Quene for his refuzall thereof; And that the Threr & Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme being, upon Payment of the saide Collection at the Daies, shall cancell & delyver the saide Recognizance or Obligacbn to the saide Collecto' or Collecto" w,howt anye other Warfunte, and w"'owt anye Fee or Rewarde to be paied to anye pson for the same.

And Furthermore for the greate and weightie Consideracbns aforesaide, Wee the I.ordf Spuall and Temporal!, and the Comons of this present Pliament assembled, doe by o’ like Assent, and Awthoritie of this Pliament, give and graunte to yo’ Highnes o' saide Sov'aigne Ladie the Quenes Ma,k yo’ Heires and Successo", Three entyer Subsidies, to be rated taxed levied and paied at sour sev’all Paymentf, of everie pson Spuall and Temporall of what Estate or Degree he or they be of, according to the teno' of this Acte, in maner & forme followeng. That is to saye; Aswell of ePie pson borne w,hin this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, as of all and ev^e Fraternytie Guilde Corporacbn Misterie Brotherhoodd & Comynaltie, corporated or not corporated, w,hin this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, being woorthe Three powndf, for everie pownde aswell in Coigne and the value of ev'ie pownde that everie suche Pson Fraternytie Guylde Corporacbn Misterie Brotherhood and Comynaltie, corporate or not corporate, hath of his or theire owne or any other to his or theire use, as also Plate Stocke of ifichaundize, all maner of Corne and Grayne Howshoulde stuffe and of all other Goods moveable, aswell w"*in this Realme as w^owt, and of all suche sumes of money as to hym or them is or shalbe oweng, whereof he or they trust in his or their conscyence surelie to be paied, (Except and owt of the Premisses deducted suche sumes of money as he or they owe, and in his or theire conscience intendeth trulie to paye. And excepte allso the Apparrell of everie suche pson theire Wieves and Children belongeng to theire owne Bodies, Saving Jewells Goulde Silver Stone and Perle), shall paie to and for the said first Subsidie in one entier payment, Two shillingf eight pence of everie pownde; and to and for the saide seconde Subsidie in one entier payment Twoe shillingf eight pence of ev'ie

Voi*. IV.

Their Allowance

Proceu against them.

III.

Collector!

•hall enter into Recognizances for due Payment of the Subiidiet.

IV.

Grant of Three entire Subiidiet on Personalty ; viz. Of Subject!, above £$.

2t. 8d. per Pound ; in one Payment for the First and Second Subsidies, and it. 8d. for the firit Payment, and 11. for the second Payment, of the Third Subiidy.

870

35° Eliz. c. 13.

A.D. 1592-3.

On Alieni, 51. ^d. for each of the Fint and Second Subsidies ; and 31. 4<1 and 11. for the Two Payments on the Third Subiidy.

Poll Tax on Alieni not liable to the Subtidici, 8d. on the Fint and Second, and 4d. on the Third.

V.

Three Subiidiet on Landi of 20!. per Ann. and upward!, viz. On Native!, 41. in the Pound; in one Payment for the Fint and Second Subiidici, and Two Payment! 2s. 8d. and 11. 4d. for the Third:

Upon Alieni, Double the said Amount! respectively.

Exception!;

Mode of rating Perionalty, &c.

Exception for Ornaments of Churchei, &c.

VI.

Times of rating and paying the said Subsidiei.

pownde; and to and for the first payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, Twentie pence of ePie pownde, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, Twelve pence of everie pownde: And also everie Alyen and Straunger borne owt of the Quenes obeysaunce, aswell Denizen as others, inhabiteng w'hin this Realme, of everie pownde that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of everie pownde in Plate Corne Grayne nichaundize Howsehoulde stufle or other Good? Juells Cattells moveable or unmoveable as is aforesaide, aswell w'Nn this Realme as w^owt, and of all sumes of Money to hym or them oweng, whereof he or they trust in his or theire consciences to be paied, (Except and owt of the same Premisses deducted everie suche some or somes of Money wrh he or they do owe and in his or theire conscience or consciences intende trulie to paie), shall paye to and for the saide first Subsidie in one entier payment, fyve shilling^ and sour pence of everie pownde, and to and for the saide seconde Subsidie in one entier payment, fyve shilling? and sour pence of everie pownde; and to and for the firste payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, three shillingf sour pence of everie powde, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, twoe shillingf of everie pownde: And also that everie Alyen and Straunger borne owt of the Quenes Domynyons, being Denizen or not Denizen, not being contributorie to anye the Rates abovesaide, and beinge of the Aige of seaven yeres or above, shall paye to and for the saide firste Subsidie, eight pence for everie Polle, and to and for the saide seconde Subsidie, eight pence for everie Polle; and to and for the first payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, sour pence for everie Polle, and likewise to and for the seconde payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, sour pence for ePie Polle ; And the Maister or he or she w'h whome the same Alyen is or shalbe abideng at the tyme of the Taxac&n or Taxations thereof, to be chardged w,h the same for lacke of payment thereof.

And be yt further Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That everie pson borne under the Quenes Obeysance, and everie Corporacbn Fratemytie Guyld Misterie Brootherhood and Comynaltie, Corporate or not Corporate, for everie pownde that ePie of the same psons, and everie Corporacbn Fratemytie Guylde Mysterie Brotherhood and Comynaltie Corporate or not Corporate, or anie other to his or theire use, bathe in Fee symple Fee taile, for terme of Liefe, terme of Yeres, by Execuc&n Wardshipp or by Coppie of Court Roll, of and in anye Honno" Castells Manno" Land? Tenement? Rent? Services Hereditament? Anuyties Fees Corrodies or other yerelie Proffitt? of the yerelie value of twentie shilling?, aswell w^in awncient Demeane and other Places priviledged as elswheare, and so upwarde, shall paye to and for the saide first Subsidie in one entier payment, sour shilling? of and for ePie pownde, and to and for the saide seconde Subsidie, sour shilling? of & for ePie pownde; and to and for the firste payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, twoe shilling? and eight pence of ePie pownde, and to and for the seconde payment of the said thirde Subsidie, sixteene pence of and for ewe pownde: And everie Alien Denizen or not Denyzen, borne owt of the Quenes Obeysaunce, in suche case to paye to and for the saide firste Subsidie in one entier payment, eight shilling? of ePie pownde, and to and for the saide seconde Subsidie in one entyer payment, eight shilling? of ePie pownde ; and to and for the first payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, fyve shilling? and sour pence of everie pownde, and to and for the seconde payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, twoe shilling? and eight pence of ePie pownde: And that all sumes to be presented & chargeable by this Acte, either for Good? and Debt? or either of them, or for Land? and Tent? and other the Premisses as is in this Acte conteyned, shalbe at everie of the saide payment? sett and taxed after the Rate & Portion according to the true meanyng of this Acte; (Land? and Tenement? chargeable to the Dysmes of the Cleargie, and yerelie Wages due to Serv*nt? for theire yerelie §vice, other then the Quenes sv*nr? taking yerelie Waiges of fyve pownd? or above, onlie excepted and foreprised ;) And that all Plate Coyne Juells Good? Debt? and Cattells Psonalls, and all Land? Tenement? and other the premisses as aforesaide, being in the Rule and Custodie of anye pson or psons to the use of anye Corporacbn Fratemytie Guyld Mysterie Brotherhoodd or anye Comynaltie, being Corporate or not Corporate, be and shall be rated sett and chardged by reason of this Acte, at the value certified by the Presento" of that Certificate of everie pownde in Good? and Debt? as is abovesaid. And for ePie pownde in Land? Tent? Anuyties Fees Corrodies and other yerelie Proffitt? as is aforesaid; and the sumes that are above reherced sett and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have suche Good? in Custodie, or otherwise chardged for Land? as is before rehersed; And the same pson or psons and Bodie Corporate, by Awthoritie of this Acte, shalbe dischardged against hym or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delyverie thereof, or at his otherwise depture from the Custodie or Possession of the same: Except and allwaies foreprised from the Charge and Assessement of theis Subsidies, all Good? Cattells Juells and Ornament? of Churches or Chappells, whiche have bene ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappells for the honno' and service of Almightie God.

And the payment of the saide first Subsidie shall be, by awthoritie aforesaide, taxed sessed and rated according to this Acte, in everie Shiere Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Boroughe Towne and ePie other Place w*in this Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Quenes Domynyons, before the firste daye of October next comyng; And the payment of the saide secunde Subsidie shalbe, by the Awthoritie aforesaide, taxed assessed and rated before the firste daie of October whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie sour; and the first payment of the saide thirde Subsidie shalbe by the awethoritie aforesaide taxed assessed and rated according to this Acte in everie Shiere Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Boroughe Towne and everie other place wlhin this Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Quenes Domynions, before the first daie of October, whiche shalbe in the yere of o’ Lord God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetie fyve; and the seconde payment of the saide thirde Subsidie shalbe by the awthoritie aforesaide taxed assessed and rated according to this Acte, before the firste daye of October, whiche shalbe in the yere of oure Lorde God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetie sixe ; And the pticuler sumes of ePie Shiere Rydinge Boroughe Towne and other Places aforesaide, wu the pticuler Names of suche as


*4

A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 13.

871

u

»*

S

in

«■


fct

i*

»*

K

it


Ik

ii


k

M

ilk

it

b

fn

It


ni

b

t

c

u

it

ka

It

It


st

it

<«

i*

ft

if


i#

it

it

it!

t'

are or shalbe chargeable for and to the payment of the saide first Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be lymyted or twoe of them at the leaste, w"1 the Names of the High Collecto's, and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequer before the first daye of November next comyng : And the pticuler sumes of ePie Shiere Rydinge Boroughe Towne and other Placf aforesaide, wlh the pticuler Names of suche as are chargeable for and to the payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by Comyssioners to the same to be lymyted or twoe of them at the least, w"‘ the Names of the Highe Collecto", And in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequer before the first daie of November, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nyneiie sour. And the pticuler sumes of everie Shiere Ryding Borough Towne and other Places aforesaide, w,h the pticuler names of suche as are chargeable for the first payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comyssioners to the same to be lymyted, or twoe of them at the least, w* the names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequer before the first daie of November, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande five hundred nynetie fyve; And the pticuler sumes of ePie Shire Ryding Boroughe Towne and other places aforesaide, w" the pticuler names of suche as are chargeable for and to the seconde payment of the saide thirde Subsidie to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be lymyted, or twoe of them at the least, w* the names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Quenes Exchequer before the firste daie of November, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie sixe. And the saide sumes, in forme aforesaide to be taxed to and for payment of the saide first Subsidie, shalbe paied in one entyer smome into the Quenes Receipte of her Exchequer aforesaide, to the use of o' saide SoPaigne Ladie, at or before the twelveth daie of Februarie next comynge, whiche shalbe in the yere of o’ Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie three; And the saide somes in maner and forme aforesaide to be taxed for the payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, shalbe paied in one entier sdme into the Receipte aforesaide, to the use aforesaide at or before the twelveth daie of Februarie whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie sour. And the saide somes in maner and forme aforesaide to be taxed for the first payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, shall be paied into the Receipt aforesaid to the use aforesaide, at or before the twelveth daie of Februarie, whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie fyve; And the saide sumes in maner and forme aforesaide to be taxed for the seconde payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, shalbe paied into the Receipte aforesaide to the use aforesaide, at or before the twelveth daie of Februarie, whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie sixe. And the somes abovesaide of and for the saide Subsidies shalbe taxed sett asked & demaunded taken gathered levied and paied to the use of o' saide SoPaigne Ladie her Heires and Successo" in forme abovesaide, aswell w"*in the Libties Fraunchesies Sanctuaries auncient Demesne and other whatsoever Places, exempt or not exempt, as w"*owt; (Except suche Shieres Places & Psons as shall be foreprised in and by this psent Acte;) Anye Graunt Charter Prescripc6n Use or Libtie by reason of anye Ires pattentf, or other Privilege Prescripc&n Allowance of the same, or whatsoever other Matter of Dischardge, heretofore to the contrarie made graunted used or obteyned notwithstandinge.

And yt is further Inacted by Thawthoritie of this present Pliament, That everie suche pson, aswell suche as be borne under the Quenes obeysaunce, as everie other pson Straunger borne, Denyzen or not Denyzen, inhabiteng w^in this Realme or w^in Wales or other the Quenes Domynyons, whiche at the tyme of the saide Assessingf or Taxacfins or of ePie of them to be had or made, shall be owt of this Realme or owte of Wales, and have Goods Cattells Lands or Tenementf or Fees Anuyties or other Proffittf w,hin this Realme or in Wales, shall be chardged Sc chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitauntf of the place wheare suche Goods Cattellf Lands Tenementf or other the Premisses then shalbe, or in suche other place where suche pson or psons or his or theire Facto' Deputie or Atto'ney shall have their moste resorte unto wlLin this Realme or in Wales, in like maner as yf the saide pson wheare or had bene at the tyme of the saide Assessinge w"‘in this Realme; And that everie pson abideng or dwellinge w^in this Realme or w'^owt this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsidies graunted by this Acte, according and after the Rate of suche yerelie substaunce or value of Lands or Tenementf Goods Cattells and other the Premisses, as everie pson so to be chardged shall be sett at, at the tyme of the saide Assessinge or Taxac&n upon hym to be made, Sc none otherwise.

And Further be yt Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide. That for the sessing and ordering of the saide Three Subsidies to be duelie had, the Lord Chauncello' of Englande or the Lorde Keep of the Create Seale, the Lorde Threr of Englande, the Lorde Stewarde of the Queenes Ma'f Howshoulde, the Lorde Admyrall of Englande, the Lorde Chamberleyne of the Quenes most honorable Howshoulde for the tyme being, or twoe of them at the least, whereof the Lord Chauncello' of Englande or Keep of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge to be one, shall and maye name and appoynt of and for everie Shiere Rydinge and other Places, aswell wu,in this Realme as in Wales, and other the Quenes Domynyons, as also of and for everie Cittie and Towne being a Cowntie of yt selfe, and of and for the Isle of Wight, suche certen number of psons of everie of the same Shieres Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cittics Townes and Isle of Wight, and everie other place, as they shall thincke convenyent, to be Coniyssyoners of and w^in the same place, whereof they be Inhabitantf; And also of and for the honorable Howshoulde of the Quenes Ma0*, in what Shiere or other Place the saide Howshoulde shall happen then to be; And the Lorde Chauncello' or the Lord Keep of the Greate Seale, and other w111 hym before named, or twoe of them as is aforesaid, in like maner maye name and appoynt of ePie other suche Boroughe and Townes Corporate, aswell in Englande as in Wales, and other the Quenes Domynyons, as they shall thincke requysite, sixe fyve sour three or twoe of the head

to be paid an well within Liberties aa without:

[Srr $ XXX.]

VII.

Rating of Absentees and others, according to Aiaeuineati, ice.

VIII. Appointment of Commiuioneri, for miking Aisrumenti in Shiret, Cities, Icc.

872

35° Eliz. c. 13. A.D. 1599-3.

Limited Power* of Commiuioner* in Corporation*!

Commissions shall be issued out of Chancery.

Commissioners may divide and act in their separate Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

IX.

Commissioners shall act without Favour, Ike.;

and shall at certain Periods in each Year summon Inhabitants Constables, Ikc. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

Officers, and other honest Inhabit'untf of e$e the saide Citties Boroughes and Townes Corporate, according to the number and multitude of the people being in the same; The whiche p6ons, (yf anye suche be thereunto named of the saide Inhabitant^ of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not being Cownties of themselves,) shalbe joyned and putt in as Comyssioners w"1 the psons named for suche Shires and Rydmgf as the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate not beinge Cownties in themselves, be sett and have theire being; Whiche psons so named for and of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not being Cownties, by reason of theire dwellinge in the same, shall not take upon them nor none of them, to put anye parte of theire C5myssion in execuc&n for the Premisses owte of the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporate, wherein they be so named onlie; nor to execute the saide Comyssion w,hin the Boroughe or Towne Corporate where they be so dwellinge, but at suche daies and tymes as the saide other Comyssyoners for the same Shier and Rydeng shall thereunto lymyt and appointe, w*in the same Boroughe and Towne Corporate not beinge a Cowntie whereof they be so named, and not owt of suche Boroughe or Towne; And in that maner to be aydeng and assist eng w"1 the saide other Comyssyoners in and for the good cxecudnge of the effecte of the saide Comyssion, upon payne of everye of the saide Comyssioners, so named for everye suche Cittie Boroughe & Towne Corporate not being a Cowntie, to make suche Fyne as the saide other C5myssioners in the Comyssion of and for the same Shiere or Rydinge so named, or three of them at the least, shall by theire discrefSn sett and certifie into the Quenes Exchequer, there to be levied to the use of the Quenes Mall*, in like maner as yf suche or like sumes had bene sett and rated upon every suche pson for the saide Subsidies; The whiche Comyssioners so named, of and for the saide Citties Boroughes and Townes not being Cownties, and onlie putt into the saide C5myssion by reason of theire dwelling in the same, shall not have anye parte of the porc&n of the Fees and Rewardf of the Comyssioners and theire Clerkf in this Acte afterward specified and allowed. And the Lorde Chauncello' of Englande or Keep of the Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme being, shall make and directe owte of the Court of the Chauncerie under the Great Seale, severall Comyssions, That is to saye. For everie Shiere Rydinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Towne Boroughe Isle and Howshoulde, unto suche pson and psons as by his discrec&n or anye of thother wUl hym before named and appointed, as is before reherced, shalbe thought sufficient, for the sessinge and levieng of the saide three Subsidies in all Shieres and Places accordinge to the true meanynge of this Acte; Whiche Comyssion for the payment of the saide first Subsidie, shall be directed and delyvered to the saide Comyssioners or to one of them before the twentieth daye of August next comyng; And the Comyssion for the payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, shalbe directed and delyvered to the saide Comyssioners or to one of them before the twentieth daye of Auguste which shall be in the yere of or Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie sour ; And the C5myssion for the first payment of the saide thirde Subsidie shall be directed and delyvered to the saide Comyssionts or to one of them before the twentieth daye of August whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie fyve; And the Comyssion for the seconde payment of the saide thirde Subsidie shalbe directed and delyvered to the saide Comyssioners or to one of them before the twentieth daye of August wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie sixe: And to everie of the saide Comyssions, Tenne Scedules, conteyneng in them the Teno' of this Acte, shalbe affiled ; By the w* Comyssion, the Comyssyoners in everie suche Comyssion named according to this Acte, and as many of them as shalbe appointed by the saide Comission, shall have full Power and Awthoritie to put the Effecte of the same Comission in Execuc&n: And that by Awthoritie of this Acte, after suche Comyssion to them directed, they maye by theire Assent f and Agreementf severe themselves for the Execuc&n of theire Comyssion, in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Townes Pishes and other Places wSn the lymytes of theire said Comission, in suche forme as to them shall seme expedient to be ordered, and betwene them to be comuned & agreed, according to the teno' and effecte of the CSmission to them therein directed, upon whiche sev*ance e9ie pson of this present Pliament that shalbe Comyssioner shalbe assigned unto the Hundred wheare he dwelleth: Provided alwaies, That no pson be or shall be compelled to be any Comyssyon! to and for the Execuc&n of this present Acte, but onlie in the Shiere where he dwelleth and inhabiteth; And that anye pson assigned to the contrarie therof in anye wise, shall not be compelled to put in Execuc&n the effecte of this Acte or anye pte thereof.

And yt is also enacted by the awthoritie of this present Pliament, That the Comyssyoners and ev’ie of them whiche shalbe named lymyted and appoynted according to this Acte, to be Comyssioners in everie suche Shier Rydinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Towne Boroughe Isle and the saide Howshoulde, or any other place, and none other, shall trulie effectuallie and diligentlie for theire parte execute the effecte of this present Acte accordinge to the Teno thereof in everie behalfe, and none otherwise by any other meanes, w,howt Omission Favo' Dreade Malice or any other thinge to be attempted or doon by them or any of them to the contrary thereof: And the saide Comyssioners or as many of them as shall be appointed by the saide Comission, and none other, for the Execuc&n of the saide Comission and Acte, shall for the Taxac&n of the saide firste Subsidie, before the last daye of August next coming, and for the Taxac&n of the saide seconde Subsidie, shall before the last daye of August, w* shalbe in the yere of or Lord God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetye sour, and for the Taxac&n of the firste payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, shall before the last daye of August whiche shalbe in yere of o' Lord God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetie fyve; And for the Taxac&n of the seconde payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, shall before the last daie of August whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetie sixe, by vertue of the Comyssion delyv’ed unto them in forme aforesaide, directe theire se^all or joynte Precept or Preceptf unto eight seaven sixe fyve sour three or twoe, as for the number of the Inhabit*untf shalbe requysite, of the most substantiall discreete and honest psons Inhabyt'untf, to be named by the saide Comyssioners or by as many of them as shall be appointed by the saide Comyssion, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards


A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c.13.

873

Pishes Townes and other Places, aswell wUlin Lifeties Franchises awncient Demesne places exempted and Sanctuaries as w,howt, w°in the lymytes of the Shires Rydengf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes Boroughes and Isle aforesaide, and other Places w,hin the lymytes of theire Comission, and to the Constables Subconstables Bailief(' and other like Officers and Mynysters of ePie of the saide Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Pishes and other Places aforesaide, as to the saide Comyssyoners and ePie number of them, or unto three or twoe of them by theire discrec&n in dyvision, shall seeme expedient, as by the maner and use of those ptf shall be requysitc; Straitlie by the saide Precept chardging and comaunding the saide Inhabit*untf Constables and other Officers aforesaide, to whome suche Precept shalbe so directed, to appere in theire proper psons before the saide Cumissioners or suche number of them as they shall divide themselves, according to the teno' of the saide C5mission, at certen Daies and Places by the saide Comyssioners or any number of them as is aforesaide, w^in Citties Boroughes or Townes Corporate or w^owt, in any other Places as is aforesaide, by theire discrec&n shalbe lymyted thereunto, to doe and accomplishe all that to them on the parte of the Quenes Ma,te shalbe injoyned towching this Acte; Comaunding further by the same Precepte, that he to whose Hands suche Precept shall come, shall shewe and delyver the same to the other Inhabit*untf or Officers named in the same Precept; And that none of them faile to accomplishe the same, upon payne of Fowrtie Shillingf to be forfeicted to the Quenes Ma"'.

And yt is further ordeyned by the awthoritie of this present Pliament, That at the saide daie and place prefixed and lymyted in the saide Precept, everie of the saide Cumissioners then being in the Shiere, and having no sufficient excuse for his absence, at the daie and place prefixed for that parte whereunto he was lymytted, shall appere in his prop pson, and theare the same Comissioners being present, or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Quenes Ma'f Comyssion, shall call or cawse to be called before them, the saide Inhabit'untf and Officers to whome they have directed theire saide Preceptf, and whiche had in comaundement theare to appere by vertue of the saide Precept; And yf any pson so warned make defaulte, unlesse he then be letted by sicknes or lawfull excuse, and that lett then be witnessed by the Othes of twoe credible psons, Or yf any appeering refuse to serve in forme followeng, then every suche pson so making default or refuseng to serve, shall forfeicte to the Quenes Ma"c fowrtie shillingf; and so at everie time appoynted by the sayd Comyssyoners for the same Taxa£6n, untill suche tyme the number of every suche psons have appered and certifyed in forme underwritten, everie of them so making default or refuzeng so to serve, shall forfeicte to the Quenes Ma"e fowrtie shillingf: And upon the same Appear*unce had, they shalbe chardged before the Comyssioners by all convenyent waies and meanes, (other then by C.orporall Othe,) to inquyre of the best & most value of the Substaunce of ePie pson dwelling and abideng w'"in the lymytes of the Places that they shalbe chardged w"1, and of other whiche shall have his or theire most Resorte unto any of the saide Places, and chargeable w"‘ anye sume of Money by this Acte of the saide Subsidies, and of all other Things requysite towching the saide Acte, and according to the intent of the same; and thereupon as neere as yt maye be, or shall come to theire knowledge, w"*owt respect of any former Taxacon heretofore had, trulie to present and certifie before the saide Comissyoners, the names and surnames & the best and uttermost substance and values of everie of them, aswell of Lands Tenementf & other Hereditamentf Possessions and Prolfittf as of Goods Cartells Debts and other Things chargeable by the same Acte, w,howt any Concealement Love Favor Affection Dreade or Malice, upon payne of forfaicture of Fyve Powndf or more, to be taxed extracted and levied in forme as hereafter in this present Acte shalbe lymytted or appointed: And thereupon the saide Comyssyoners shall openlie theare reade or cawse to be read unto them, the saide Rates in this Acte menconed, and openlie declare the effecte of theire chardge unto them, in what maner & forme they ought and should make theire Certificate, according to the Rates and Sumes thereof abovesaid, and of all maner of psons, aswell of Alyens and Straungers, Denizens or not Denizens, inhabiting w,hin this Realme, as of suche psons as be borne under the Quenes Obeysaunce chargeable to this Acte, and of the Possessions Goods and Cattells of Fraternyties Guyldf Corporations Brootherhoodf Misteries Comynalties and other as is abovesaide, and of psons being in the ptes beyonde the Seaes, having Goods & Cattells Lands or Tenementf w,hin this Realme as is aforesaide, and of all Goods being in the custodie of anye pson or psons, to the use of anye other as is abovesaide; by the whiche informafun and sheweng, the saide psons shoulde have suche playne knowledge of the true intent of this present Acte and of the maner of theire Certificate, that the same psons shall have no resonable cawse to excuse them by ignoraunce : And after suche Charge and the Statute of the saide Subsidies, and the maner of the saide Certificate to be made in writinge, conteyneng the names and surnames of everie pson, and whether he be borne w"’owt the Quenes Obeisaunce or w"‘in, and the best value of ePye pson in everie degree, aswell of the yerelie value of Lands and Tenentf and of suche like Possessions and Prolfittf as the value of Goods and Cattells Debts and everie thinge to theire Certificate requysite & necessarie to them declared, the saide Comissioners there beinge, shall by theire discrec&ns appoynte and lymytt unto the saide psons another daie and place to appere before the saide Comissioners; and charging the said psons that they in the meanc tyme shall make diligent Inquyrie by all waies and meanes of the premisses, and then and theare ePie of them, upon payne of forfaicture of fowrtie shillingf to the Quenes Ma'1', to appere at the saide newe prefixed daie and place, there to certifie unto the saide Comissioners in wryteng according to theire saide Charge, and accordinge to the true intent of the saide Graunte of Subsidies, and as to them in maner aforsaide hathe bene declared and shewed by the Comissioners: At whiche daie and place so to them prefixed, yf anye of the saide psons make default, or appere & refuse to make the saide Certificate, that then everie of them so offending to forfeicte to the Quenes Ma,K fowrtie shillingf, Except there be a resonable excuse of his defaulte by reason of sicknes or otherwise, by the Oathes of twoe credible psons there witnessed; and of suche as appere readie to make Certificate as is aforesaide, the 6aide Comissioners there beinge, shall take and receyve the same Certificate and everie pte thereof, and the Names Values and Substance of ePie pson so certified: And yf the saide Comissioners see cawse reasonable.

X.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be charged to inquire mid certify the Value of all Property, rateable to the said several Subsidies 5 on Penalty of y. kc.

Charge of the Commissioners to such Inquirers:

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificates, by such Inquirers;

Penalty of 40s. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify.

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments;


10 N

874

35° Eliz. c. 13.

A.D. 1592-3,

Summoning Parties underrated:

to be examined, but not on Oath

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double j

Parties appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions.

XI.

Commissioners may fine Assessors for Neglect, See. not exceeding £ i o,8cc.

Commissioners on Complaint, on Oath of Parties, See. may decrease or increase Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

they shall examyne the saide Presento" thereof, and thereupon the saide Comissioners at the saide daies and place by theire Agreement amongest themselves, shall from tyme to tyme theare openlie pffixe a Daie at a cerren Place or Places w""in the lymyttf of theire Comission by theire discrecSn, for theire further proceedinge to the saide assessinge of the same Subsidies: And thereupon at the saide daie of the saide Certificate as is aforesaide taken, the same Comissyoners shall make theire Precept or Preceptf, to the Constables Subconstables Bailieff or other Officers of suche Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other places aforesaide as the same Comissioners shalbe of, compriseng and conteyneng in the saide pceptf the names & surnames of all psons presented before them in the saide Certificate, of whome yf the saide Comissioners or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Comission shall then have vehement suspecte to be of more greater value or substaunce in Lands Goods Cattells or sumes of Money oweng to them, or other substaunce beforesaide, then upon suche pson or psons so certified 8c specified as aforesaide, the same Comissioners shall make theire Precept or Preceptf directed to the Constable Bailieff or other Officers,

edmaundinge the same Constable Bailiefff or other Officers to whome suche pceptf shalbe directed, to warne suche

psons whose names shalbe comprised in the saide Preceptf, at their MancSns, or to theire psons, that the same psons named in suche Preceptf, and everie of them, shall psonallie appeere before the saide Comissioners at the same newe prefixed daie and place, there to be examyned by all waies and meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) by the saide Comissioners, of theire greatest Substance and best value, and of all and everie sumes of Money oweng to them, and other whatsoever matter concernyng the premisses or anye of them accordinge to this Acte; at whiche daie and place so pffixed the saide Comissioners then and there being, or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Quenes Comission, shall cawse to be called the saide psons whose names shalbe comprised in the saide p>cept as is aforesaid, for theire examynac&n; And yf anye of those psons whiche shalbe warned as is aforesaide to be examyned, whiche at anye tyme after the warnynge & before the prefixed daie shalbe w,hin suche place

wheare he maye have knowledge of his saide Apparaunce to be made, make default and appere not, unlesse a

reasonable cawse or ells a reasonable excuse by the Othes of twoe credible psons before the saide Comyssioners be

truelie alleaged for his discharge, that then everie of them so makinge defaulte, to be taxed and chardged to the

Quenes Mali% wth and at the dooble sume of the Rate that he shoulde or ought to have bene sett at, for and after the

best value of his Lands or Substaunce upon hym certified yf he had appered, by the discreC&n of the Comissioners

there being; Wfh Comissioners shall travell w,h everie of the other persons so then and theare appeering, whose names shalbe expressed in the saide Precept or Preceptf, and in whome anye vehement suspect was or shalbe hadd in forme aforsaide, by all suche waies and meanes as they can, (other then by corporall Oathe,) for the better knowledge of theire best value, either in Hereditamentf or Possessions, or ells in Goods or Debts, and therupon shall have full power 8c awthoritie by vertue of this Acte accordinge to theire discrecons to inlardge and encrease the taxacbn of suche pson as they shall so fynde by due examynacon to be of greater value or substance in Lands or Goods then they weare presented at: And that everie Spuall pson at everie of the saide Taxations of the said three Subsidies, shalbe rated and sett, accordinge to the Rate abovesaide, of and for everie pownde that the same Spirituall pson or anie other to his use, hathe by Discent Bargayne or Purchase, in Fee Symple Fee Taile terme of liefe terme of yeres by Execution by Wardshipp or by Copie of Court Rolle, in anye Manno" Lands Tenementf Rents S'vices Offices Fees Corrodies Aiiuytes or Hereditamentf, after the true juste 8c yerelie value thereof, and accordinge as other the Quenes Ma*f Subjects borne w,hin this Realme be charged, in forme above remembred, so that yt extende to the yerelie value of twentie shillingf or above.

And yt is further Inacted, That yf the saide Taxours or Assessours shall not dulie behave themselves in theire Inquyrie Taxacbn Assessement or Certificate, but shall affectionatlie corruptlie or pciallie demesne themselves in that behalfe, in suche wise that the Comissioners shall by theire Considersc6ns deme them Offendo" woorthie of punyshement for not doing theire Duties therein, That then sour or more of the Comissioners in that Cowntie for the same Subsidie, shall have power and awthoritie by theire discrec&n, either to chardge the saide Assesso" upon theire corporall Oathes for the better s'vice aforesaide in that behalfe, or ells by theire discretions to taxe and sett upon ev*ie of the saide Assesso" for theire Misdemeano" in that behalfe, suche a fyne or payne as they shall thincke good, soe that yt excedee not the sume of Tenne powndf; And the same fyne or payne at theire discretions to estreate into the Courte of Exchequer; everie whiche Fyne so taxed and sett by sour of the saide Comissioners or more, and beinge estreated w,h the Scedule 8c Bookes of that lymytt, shalbe levied and awnswered to the Quenes use, in like maner and forme to all intentf and purposes as anye other sumes that shalbe taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute 8c Acte of Subsidie, 8c not in anye other wise or maner: And yf any pson certified or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether he be a Comissioner or other, to anye maner of value, doe fynde hymselfe grieved w"‘ the same Presentment sessing or rating, and thereupon complayne to the Comyssyoners before whome he shalbe called sessed or taxed, or before twoe of them, before the same TaxacOn be certified into the Courte of Exchequer, That then the saide Comissioners, or twoe of them, shall by all waies 8c meanes, examyne pticulerlie 8c distynctlie the pson so complayneng, upon his Oathe, and other his neighbours by theire discrecOns, of everie his Lands 8c Tenementf above specified, and of everie his Goods Cattellf and Debts above menebned; And after due examynafbn 8c pfect knowledge thereof had 8c pceyved by the saide Comissioners or twoe of them, whiche shall have power by awthoritie aforesaide, the saide Comissioners, or twoe of them to whome any suche Complayntf shalbe made, by theire discrecSn upon the Oathe of the saide pson so complayneng, maye abate defalke increase or inlarge the same Assessmentf according as yt shall appere unto them just upon the same ExamynacSns; And the same sume so abated defalked encreased or inlardged, shalbe by them estreated in forme as hereafter enseweth : And yf yt be prooved by witnesses or by the pties owne Confession, or other lawfull waies or meanes, w,hin a yere after any suche Oathe made, that the same pson so rated 8c sworne was of any better or greater value in Lands Goods or other Things

A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 13.

875

above specified at the tyme of his saide Oathe, then the same pson so sworne did declare upon his saide Oathe, that then everie suche pson so offending shall lose and forfeictc to the Quenes Ma‘* somoche lawfull Money of Englande as he the same pson so swome was sett at or taxed to paie.

XII.

And also yt is Inacted by the same Awthoritie, That evie pson to be rated and taxed as is aforesaide, shalbe Parties shall be rated rated & sett, and the sum on hym sett, to be levied at suche place wheare he and his famylie weare resident for the whert J've",n&* &c‘ moste pte of the yere next before the same Presentment and Taxac&n made, and no wheare else: Anil that no CommiMK>ner«, Comissioner for this Subsidie shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shiere or other Place where *' ,r*’

he shalbe Comissioner; And that yf anye pson chargeable to this Acte at the tyme of the same Assessing happen to Absentees, where be owt of this Realme and owt of Wales, or farre from the place where he shalbe knowen, then he to be sett 1,u ibldin8 * wheare he was last abydeng in this Realme or w""in Wales, and after the Substance Value and other Proffittf of every pson to be knowen by the Examynac&n Certificate or other maner of wise as is aforesaide; And that the "ej£d|nj£tothe saide Comissioners or as manye of them as shalbe appointed by the Quenes Ma'f Comission or Comissions, shall after the Rate and Rates aforesaide, cawse everie pson so to be sett rated & taxed according to the Rate of the Substaunce and Value of his Lands Goods Cattells & other Proffittf chargeable by this Acte, wherebie the greatest or most best sume or sumes according to his most substance by reason of this Acte might or maie be sett or taxed:

And that everie pson taxed in anye Cowntie or Place, other then wheare he and his famylie were resiant for the moste parte of the yere then next before, or in anye Cowntie or Place other then wheare he is a C5myssioner for the Subsidie, yf he be a Comissioner, upon Certificate made to the saide Courte of Exchequer under the Hands and Seales of twoe Comissioners for the same Subsidie in the same Cowntie or Place, where suche pson and his famylie were resiaunt for the most parte of the yere then next before, or where he is a Cdmissioner for the Taxac&n and Payment of the same Subsidie, testifieng suche his most Resiauncie, having of Famylie, or beinge a Comissioner, shalbe a sufficient Dischardge for the Taxac&n of that pson in all other places, and of and for all other sumes of Money upon suche psons so sett and taxed, save onlie the Taxacon made in that Cowntie or Place from whiche suche Certificate shalbe made as is aforesaide, and for the sume of money upon suche psons theare assessed or taxed;

And that suche Certificate w'howte any Plea or other Circumstance, shalbe a sufficient Warrant aswell to the Barons and Awdito' & Awdito" of the saide Courte of Exchequer, as to all and everie other Officers to whome the Allowance thereof shall apperteigne, payeng for suche Dischardge and Allowance onlie sixe pence & no more.

Provided allwaies. That everie suche pson whiche shalbe rated or taxed according to the interne and true meanyng p^ons rated (or of this Acte, for payment of and to theis Subsidies, for & after the yerelie value of his Lands Tenementf and Rc»j^Property shall other Reall Possessions or Proffittf at anye of the saide Taxac&ns, shall not after be sett and rated for his Goods and p^u^Sc" Cattells or other moveable Substaunce at the same Taxac&n ; and that he that shalbe sett chardged or taxed for the same Subsidies for his Goods Cattells 8t other Moveables at anye of the saide Taxac&ns according to the true meanynge of this Acte, shall not after be charged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Proffittf abovesaide, at the same Taxac&ns or anye of them; Nor that any pson by anye Taxacon be double chardged for the None shall be saide Subsidies, nor sett or taxed at severall Places by reason of this Acte; But yf anye pson happen to be double doubly cl"r8*d-sett taxed or charged either in one place or at severall places, then he to be discharged of the one Taxac&n and chardged w" the other, according to the meanyng and intent of this Acte; Any Thinge conteyned in this present Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And that yt be ordeyned and Inacted by the saide Awthoride of this present Pliam', That no pson havinge twoe Mansions or twoe Places to resort unto, or calling hymselfe Howshoulde srv*unte or Wayteng Servaunte to the Quenes Ma"* or other Lorde or Ladie Maister or Maistres, be excused upon his sayeng from the Taxes of the saide Subsidies in neither of the Places where he maye be sett or taxed, unlesse he bring a Certificate in wryteng from the Comyssioners wheare that he is so sett or taxed in deede at one place; And yf anye pson that ought to be sett and taxed to theis present Subsidies by reason of nis removinge or resorteng to twoe places, or by reason of his sayeng that he elswheare was taxed, or by reason of anye privilege, of his dwelinge or abideng in anye place not being foreprised in this Acte, or otherwise by his Covyn or Crafte, or by anye Woordf or Sayengf or otherwise. Or yf anye that is a ComissioS or Assesso' of others, happen to escape from the saide Taxac&ns for the payment of theise Subsidies or anye of them, and be not sett and taxed according to the true intent of this Acte, and that proved by Presentin' Examynac&n Informac&n or otherwise before the saide Comissioners or twoe of them, or before the Barons of the Quenes Ma'f Exchequer or twoe Justices of the Peace of the Cowntie wheare suche pson dwelleth ; then everie suche pson that, by suche meanes or otherwise, willinglie by Covyn or w,bowt just cawse, shall happen to escape from the saide Taxac&ns or Paymentf aforesaide or anye of them, and shall not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe chardged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof, w,h and at the dowble value of so moche as he shoulde might or ought to have bene sett and taxed at by vertue of this Acte; And the same double value to be levied gathered and paied of his Goods and Chattells Lands and Tenementf towards the saide Subsidies, and further to be punyshed according to the discrec&ns of the Barons Justices & Comissioners before whome he shalbe convicted for his Offence and Deceipt in that behalfe.

And be yt further Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide, That the saide Comissioners in everie Cumission whiche shall be or inhabite in anye Countie or Place w’^in the Lymyttf of theire Comyssion, or the more parte of them, shall have foil power and awthoritie by this Acte to sett taxe and sesse ev*ie other Comyssioner joyned w"' them in ePy suche Comission, and the saide Comissioners w^in ev*ye Dyvision shall also assesse ev'ie Assesso' w'hin theire Division for his or theire Goods Lands and other the Premisses as is abovesaide; By the whiche saide Comission

XIV.

On Complaint of Double Ch arge, Certificate of }ne Rate shall be produced

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, &c. Double Rate.

XV. Commissioners shall assess themselves and the Assessors.

Original from PENN STATE

876

35° Eliz. c. 13.

/J.&.1592S

XVI. Peeri shall be aucMed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, Jtc.

XY1I.

After Auetiment, Estreats shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed, by Distress &c. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

XVIII.

Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums so levied.

the Slide Crimissioners to whome yt shall appteyne, shall indifferentlie sett taxe & assesse themselves and the said Assesso" •, and that aswell the sumes upon everie of the saide Comissioners and Assesso" so sessed rated and taxed, as the sumes made and presented by the Presento" as is abovesaide, shalbe written cerdfied sett & estreated, and the Estreates thereof to be made, w* other the Inhabit*untf of that partes w,hin the Lymyttf of the same Comission and Division so to be gathered and levied, in like maner as yt ought or shoulde have bene yf the saide Comissioners had not bene in the saide Comission.

And that all psons of the Estate of a Baron or Barons, and everie Estate above, shalbe chardged w,h theire Freehoulde and Value as is aforesaide, by the Chauncello' or Lord Keep of the Greate Seale of Englande, the Highe Treasourer of Englande for the tyme beinge, or one of them, together w,h other suche psons as by the Quenes Ma'f Awthorytie or Comaundement shalbe named and appointed, and they to be charged for the saide several 1 paymentf of the saide Subsidies after the forme of the saide Graunte, according to the Taxacftr aforesaide; And the sume of and upon them to be sett and taxed, wUl the Names of the Collecto" appoynted for the gatheringe & payeng of the same, to be estreated delyvered and certified at daies and places above specified by the Lord Chauncellor or Keep of the Greate Seale and Lord Treasourer or one of them, together wvh other suche psons as thereunto shalbe named as is aforesaide.

And be it further Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide. That after the Taxes and Asses of the saide sumes upon and by the saide Assessing and Certificate as is aforesaide made, the saide Comissyoners or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto appointed, and have Awthoritie by the Quenes Ma*f Comission, shall w* all speede and w^owt delaie, by theire Wryting, estreate the saide Taxes thereof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the saide Comissioners or as manye of them as shalbe appointed at the least. And the same shall delyver unto sufficient and substanciall Inhabitantf Constables Subconstables Bailiefff and other Officers joyntlie, of Hundreds Townes Pishes and other Places aforesaide w^in theire Lymytes, and to other sufficient psons Inhabitauntf of the same, onlie by the discre&n of the saide Comissioners w"" the Assent of the Highe Collecto', and as the place and pries shall requyer, aswell the priculer Names and Surnames as the Remembraunce of all the sumes of Money taxed and sett of and upon everie pson aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Howshoulders and all other Inhabitantf and Dwellers w^irv the saide Pishes Townes and Places contributorie to this Acte of Subsidies; By Awthoritie of

whiche Writing & Estreate so delyvered, the saide Officers and other psons so named and deputed, severallie

shall have full Power and Awthoritie by vertue of this Acte, ymediatlie after the delyverie of the saide Wryteng or Estreate, to demaunde levie and gather of ev^e pson therein specified the sume and sumes in the same Writeng or Estreate comprised. And for none payment thereof to distreyne the same pson or psons so beinge behynde, by

theire Goods and Cattells, and the Distresse so taken to kepe by the space of eight daies, at the Costs and Chardges

of the Owno' thereof; And yf the saide Owno' do not paye suche sume of Money as shalbe taxed by Awthoritie

of this Acte w,hin the same Eight daies, then the same Distresse to be appraised by sour three or twoe of the

Inhabitantf wheare suche Distresse is taken, and also then to be soulde by the Constable or other Collecto" for the payment of the saide Money, and the Overplus comyng of the sale and keeping thereof (yf anye be) to be ymediatlie restored to the Owno' of the same Distresse; whiche saide Officers and other psons so deputed to aske take gather and levie the saide sumes, shall awnswer and be chardged for the porc&n onlie to them assigned and lymyted, to be gathered levied and comprised in the saide Wriringe or Estreate so to them as is aforesaide delyvered, :o the use of o' SoPaigne Ladie the Quenes Ma'1* & her Heires and Successo"; And the saide sume in that Wryteng

or Estreate comprised, to paye unto the Highe Collecto' or Collecto" of that place for the Collection of the same,

in maner and forme underwritten thereunto to be named and deputed) and the same Inhabit'untf and Officers so gatheringe the s?me priculer Sumes, for their Collection thereof, shall reteyne for everie twentie shillingf so by them receyved and paied, twoe pence; and that to be allowed at the payment of theire Collection by them to be made to the Highe Collecto' or Collecto".

And further be yt Inacted by the saide awthoritie, That the saide Comissioners, or the more parte of them as shall take upon them the Execuc&n and Busynes of the saide Comission, shall for everie of the saide Paymentf of the saide Subsidies, name suche sufficient and able psons whiche then shall have and possesse Lands and other Hereditamentf in theire owne Right of the clere yerelie value of fowrtie powndf, or Goods to the value of sour hundred powndf at the leaste, as he shalbe taxed in the Subsidie Booke, yf anye suche be in the saide lymytes, and for want of suche so assessed, then those to be appointed Collecto" that then shalbe sufficient, and rated and taxed in the Subsidie Bookes in Lands or Goods nearest to the values aforesaide, as by theire discrec&ns shalbe thought good, in Shieres Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citries Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places, aswell w,hin places priviledged as w^owt, not being fqreprised w,hin this Acte, to be Highe Collecto", and to have the Collection & Receipte of the saide sumes sett and leviable w^n the Precyncte Lymyttf & Boundf where they shalbe so lymyted and appointed to be Highe Collecto"; And to everie of the saide Collecto" so severallie named, the saide Comyssioners, or twoe of them at the leaste, w*h all speede and w^owt delaye, after the saide whole sume of anye payment of the saide Subsidies be sett by all the lymyttes of the same theire Comission, or in suche lymyttes as the Highe Collecto" Shalbe so severallie assigned, shall under theire Seales and Signe Manuell delyver one Estreate indented in Pchement, compriseng in it the names of all suche psons as weare assigned to levie the saide pricier sumes, and the sumes of everie Hundred Wapentake Towne and other Place aforesaide, wth the Names and Surnames of the psons so chargeable, according to the Estreate so first thereof made and delyvered as is aforesaide: And the Collecto" to be assigned, shalbe chardged to awnswer the whole sume comprised in the saide Estreate lymytted to his Collection as is aforesaide.


Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 13.

8T?

Provided allwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That the saide Comyssioners having awthoritie by this Acte to name and nominate the saide Highe Collecto" of evere of the saide Subsidies, shall ymediatlie upon the nomynatita and elecc&n, take by Awthoritie of this present Pliament, sufficient Recogniz'uncf or Obligacons, w'Njwt anye Fee or Rewarde to be paied therefore, of everie pson so by them to be named to be Highe Collecto', to be bownde to the Quenes Ma"* in the dowble sume of the siime of his Collection, and to be endorsed and made upon suche Condic&n, That is to saye; For the Collection of the saide first Subsidie, That yf the saide Collector his Heires or Executo" do trulie content and paie to the use of the Quenes Ma" her Heires or Successo" in the Receipte of the saide Exchequer, at or before the saide twelveth daie of Februarie whiche shall be in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie three, somoche of the saide sume of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection, as he shall collecte & gather, and contente and paie the Residue of his Collection & Chardge w,hin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered & collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recogniz'uncf or Obligac&ns to be voied, or ells to stande in full strengthe and vertue; And for the Collecc&n of the saide seconde Subsidie, upon condic&n that yf the saide Collecto’ his Heires or Executo" doe trulie content and paye to the use of the Quenes Mau* her Heires or Successo", in her Receipt of the Exchequer at or before the saide twelveth daye of Februarie, whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God One thowsande fyve hundred nynety sour, somuche of the saide sume of Money allotted & appointed to his Collection, as he shall collecte & gather, and content and paye the Residue of his Collection and Charge, w,hin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recogniz’uncf or Obligacons to be voied, or ells to stande in full strengthe and vertue; And for the Collection of the saide first payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, upon condic&n that yf the saide Collecto' his Heires and Executo" doe trulie content and paye to the use of the Quenes Ma'" her Heires or Successo" in her Receipte of Exchequer at or before the saide twelveth daie of Februarie wch shalbe in the yere of o’ Lord God One thowsande fyve hundred nynetie fyve, somoche of the saide sume of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection as hee shall collecte and gather, and contente and paye the Residue of his Collection and Charge w,hin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recogniz*uncf or Obligations to be voied or ells to stande in full strengthe and vertue; And for the Collection of the saide seconde Payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, upon C.ondic&n that yf the saide Collecto' his Heires or Executo" doe truelie content and paie to the use of the Quenes Ma"* her Heires or Successo" in her Receipt of Exchequer at or before the saide twelveth daye of Februarie whiche shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetie sixe, somuche of the saide sume of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection as he shall collecte and gather, and content and paye the Residue of his Collection and Charge wthin one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the saide Recogniz*uncf or Obligations to be voied or ells to stande in full strengthe and vertue: Whiche saide severall Recogniz’uncf or Obligac&ns so taken, the saide CSmissioners shall severallie certifie and delyver into the Quenes Ma‘f Exchequer, w,h the severall Certificatf of the saide Taxations and Rates of the payment of the saide Subsidies, at and by the tyme to them prescribed and appointed by this Acte for the Certificate of the saide severall Taxac&ns of the saide Subsidies; upon payne of Forfeiture of Tenne Powndf to the Quenes Ma'" for everie suche Recogniz'unce or Obligac&n not so certified ; And that everie suche Collecto' so elected named & chosen, upon request to hym made, shall knowledge and make the saide Recognizance or Obligation, upon payne & forfeicture of Twentye pownde to the Quenes Ma"* for the refusall thereof: And that the Treasourer and Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme beinge, upon payment of the saide severall Collections of the saide Subsidies at the daies and tymes herein lymyted for the payment thereof, shall cancell and delyver the Recogniz'uncf or Obligac&ns for the payment thereof to the Collecto' or Collecto", w,howt anye other Warraunte, and w,howt anye Fee or Rewarde to be paied for the same to anye pson: And every Collecto' so deputed having the saide Estreate in Vehement as is aforesaide, shall have Awthoritie by this Acte, to appoynte Dayes and Places w,hin the Circuyte of his Collection for the Payment of the saide Subsidies to hym to be made, and therof to give wamynge by •Pclamac&n or otherwaies, to all the Constables or other Psons or Inhabitantf having the Chardge of the pticuler Collection w,hin the Hundreds Pishes Townes or other Placf by hym or them lymyted, to make Payment for the saide pticuler Collection of everie some as to them shall appteyne; And yf at the same daie and place so lymytted and prefixed by the saide Highe Collecto', the saide Constable Officers or other Psons or Inhabit'untf as is aforesaid, for the saide pticuler Collection assigned and appoynted w,hin suche Hundred Cittie Towne or other Place, do not paie unto the saide Highe Collecto" the sume w^n theire severall Hundreds Townes Parishes and other Places, due and comprised in the saide Estreate therof to them delyvered by the saide ComyssioSs or some of them as is aforesaide, or somoche thereof as they have by anye meanes receyved, (Two pence for evie pownde for the saide pticuler Collection as is aforesaide alwaies thereof to be allowed excepted and abated,) That then yt shalbe lawfull to the saide Highe Collecto" and everie of them and to theire Assignees, to distreigne ev*ie of the saide Constables Officers and other Inhabit*ntf, for theire saide severall and pticuler Collection of the saide sumes comprised in the saide Estreate and Wryteng thereof to them and everie of them as is before expressed delyvered, or for somoche of the same suine as so then shall happen to be gathered & levied and behynde & unpaied, by the Goods and Cattells of everie of them so beinge behynde ; And the Distresse so taken to be kepte appraised and soulde as is aforesaide, and thereof to take and levie the sumes so then beinge behynde & unpaied; And the overplus comynge of the sale of the said Distresse (yf anye be) to be restored and delyvered unto the Owno' in forme above remembred.

Provided alwaies and be yt Inacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That no pson or psons shalbe nomynated or appoynted to be a High Collecto' or Collecto" for the second payment of any Fifteene Tenthe or Subsidies graunted by this Acte, whiche before that tyme hathe bene a Collecto' or Collecto" for the firste payment of anye parte of the

XIX.

High Collectors shall enter into Recognizances to pay Sums received by them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commissioners;

Penalty on Neglect in certifying, t on Neglect of Recognizance, tfjo

High Collectors shall call on Constables, &c. to pay Money levied, allowing them id. per Pound.

On Failure, Constables, &c. may be distrained.

XX. Collectors of the first Payment shall not be named Collectors of the


io O

Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 1592-3.

878

35° Eliz. c. 13.

Second, without producing their Quietui for the First.

XXI. Assessors and Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

XXII. lncaseofDeath,&c. of Collectors, or Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming, HighCollectors,&c. shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.

Commissioners may issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, Jtc. of Parties liable, who may retain the tame out of their Rents,

ate.

same Fiftene Tenthe or Subsidies, unlesse such pson or psons so to be nomynated and appointed Highe Collecto' or Collecto" for the saide seconde payment, do firste shewe foorthe before hym or them by whome he shalbe so nomynated and appointed, his Quietus est for the dischardge of his Collection before appointed to his Chardge, upon payne of One Hundred Powndf to be paied and forfeicted by him or them that so shall nomynate and appoynte any suche Collecto' contrarie to this present Acte.

Provided alwaies, That no pson inhabiteng in any Cittie Boroughe orTowne Corporate, shalbe compelled to be any Assesso' or Collecto', of or for any parte of the saide Subsidies, in anye Place or Places owte of the saide Cittie Boroughe or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

And yt is also by the saide Awthoritie Inacted, That yf anye Inhabit*untf or Officers, or whatsoever pson or psons chardged to and for the Collection and Receipte of anye parte or porc&n of the saide Subsidies by anye maner of meanes according to this Acte, or anye pson or psons, for themselves or as Keep Gardian Depude Facto' or Atto'ney of or for anye other pson or psons, of anye Goods and Cattells of the Owno' thereof, at the tyme of the saide Assessinge to be paied, being owt of this Realme or in anye other parts not knowen, or of and for the Goods and Cattells of anye other pson or psons, of anye Corporac&n Fraternyde Misterie or other whatsoever Comynaltie, being Corporate or not Corporate, and all psons having in theire Rule Govem'unce and Custodie, anye Goods or Cattells at the tyme of the saide Assessinge, or anye of them to be made, Or wch for anye Cawse for and by Collection, or for hymselfe or for anye other, or by reason that he hathe the Rule Govem*nce or Custodie of anye Goods or Cattells of anye other pson or psons, Corporac&n Comynaltie Fraternity Guylde or Misterie, or anye suche other like, or as Facto' Depude or Atto'ney of or for any pson, shalbe taxed rated valued and sett to anye some or s5mes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxac&n or assessing upon anye suche pson or psons as shalbe charged w,h the Receipte of the same, happen to dye, or depte from the place where he was so taxed and sett, or his Goods or Cattells be so eloyned or in suche privie and covert maner kept, as the saide pson or psons chardged wlh the same, by Estreates or other Writengf from the saide Comissioners, or as manye of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the saide Cdmission as is aforsaide, can ne maye levie the same sume or sumes comprised w^n the same Estreates, by Distresse w'^in the lymyttf of theire Collection as is aforesaide, or cannot sell suche Distresse or Distresses as be taken for anye of the saide paym'f, before the tyme lymytted to the Highe Collecto' for his payment to be made in the Quenes Ma‘f Receipte, Then upon relac&n thereof w,h due Exaiac&n by the Oathe or Examynac&n of suche pson or psons as shalbe chardged w01 and for the Receipte and Collecc&n of the same, before the saide Comissioners, or as many of them as by the saide Comission shalbe thereunto appointed, where suche pson or psons or other as is aforesaide theire Goods and Cattells weare sett and taxed, and upon playne Certificate thereof made in the Quenes Ma'f Exchequer by the same C5missioners, as well of the dwelling place names and somes of the saide psons of whome the saide somes cannot be levied and had as is aforesaide, then aswell the Constables & other inhabit*untf appoynted for the same pticuler Collection, against the Highe Collecto", as the Highe Collecto' upon his Accompte and Oathe in the saide Exchequer, to be discharged thereof} and processe to be made for the Quenes Ma'" owt of the saide Exchequer, by the discrecon of the Barons of the saide Exchequer against suche pson, his Heires or Executo" so beinge behynde w,h his payment: And over that, the same Comissioners, to whome anye suche Declarac&n of the Premisses shalbe made in forme aforesaide, from tyme to tyme shall have full power and awthoritie to directe theire Precept or Preceptf unto the saide pson or psons charged wUl any sume of for and upon any suche pson and psons or other as is aforesaide, or to anye Shirieff Stewarde Bailiefe or other whatsoever Officer Mynyster pson or psons of suche place or places wheare anye suche pson or psons so oweng suche sume or sumes shall have Lands and Tenementf or other Hereditamentf or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattells, wherebie anye suche pson or psons so indebted, his Heires Executo" or Assignees or other having the Custodie Govern*nce or Disposition of any Goods Cattells Lands or Tenementf or other Hereditamentf, whiche ought or maye by this Acte lawfulhe be distreyned or taken for the same, hathe Sc shall have Goods Cattells Lands Tenementf or other Possessions, whereof suche sume or sumes whiche by anye suche pson or psons maie or ought to be levied, be yt wthin the lymyttf of suche Comission where suche pson or psons was or weare taxed, or w^out, in anye place w,hin this Realme of Englande Wales or other the Quenes Ma'f Domynyons Marches or Territories ; By whiche Precept aswell suche pson or psons shalbe chardged to leavie suche Money, as the Officer of the Place or Places where suche Distresse may be taken, shall have full Power and Awthoritie to distreyne ePie suche pson indebted chardged or chargeable by this Acte, or his Executo" or Admynystrato" of his Goods and Cattells, his Gardians Facto" Deputies Lessees Fermo" and Assignees, and all other psons by whose Hands or owt of whose Lands any suche pson shoulde have Fee Rent Aiiuytie or other Proffit, or whiche at the time of the saide assessinge, shall have Goods or Cattells or any other thinge moveable of anye suche pson or psons being indebted or oweng suche sume; And the Distresses so taken, cawse to be kept appraysed and soulde, in like maner and forme as is aforesaid for the Distresse to be taken upon suche psons to be taxed to the saide Subsidies, and beinge sufficient to distreygne wthin the Lymyttf of the Collectors Inhabitantf or other Officers chardged with or for the saide sumes so upon them to be taxed; And yf any suche Distresse for none payment happen to be taken owt of the lymytt of the saide psons chardged and assigned to levie the same, the psons so chardged for the leavie of anye suche sumes by Distresse, shall pceyve and take by the same Distresse, for the Labo' of everie pson goinge for the execuc&n thereof, for everie Mile that anye suche pson so laboureth for the same, Twoe pence; And every Fermo' Ten*nte Gardian Facto' or other whatsoever pson, being distreyned or otherwise chardged for payment of anye suche sume or sumes, or anye other sume by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche sume or sumes, of hym or them so levied and

A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 13.

879

taken, discharged and acquyted at his next daie of payment of the same, or at the delyverie of suche Goods and

Cattells as he that is so distreyned had in his Custodie or Govern*nce, against hym or them that shalbe so taxed

and sett; Any Graunte or Writeng Obligatorie or other whatsoever Matter to the contrarie made heretofore notw*standing: And yf anye suche pson that should be so distreyned, have no Lands or Tenement^ sufficient, whereby he and his Ten*ntf and Fermo" maye be distreyned, or have alyened esloyned or hidd his Goods and Cattells wherebie he shoulde or might be distreyned, in suche maner that suche Goods and Cattells should not be knowen or fownde, so that the sume of or by hym to be paied in the saide forme, shall not ne can be convenyentlie levied, Then upon relaf&n thereof to the Comissioners or to as many of them as by the saide C5myssion shalbe thereunto appointed, where suche pson or psons was taxed and sett, by the Othes of hym or them that shalbe charged w* the levie and payment of that sume or sumes, The same Comissioners shall make a Precept in such manner as is aforesaide, for to attache take and arrest the bodye of suche pson or psons that ought to paye the saide sumes and by this Acte shalbe charged w'h and for the saide sume and sumes; And them so taken safelie to keepe in prison

w^in the Shier or other Place where any suche pson or psons shalbe taken and attached, theare to remayne w,howt

Baile or Mayneprise, untill hee hath paid the saide some or somes, that suche pson for hymselfe or for anye other by this Acte shall be chargeable or ought to be charged w'hall, and also for the Fees of everie suche Arreste to hym or them that shall execute suche Precepte, Twentie pence; And that everie Officer unto whome suche Precept shalbe directed, doe his true diligence and execute the same upon everie pson so being indebted, upon payne to forfaicte to the Quenes Ma'1' for everie default in that behalfe, Twentie Shillingf ; And that no Keep of any Gaole, from his Gaole suffer anye suche pson to goe at lardge by letting to Baile, or otherwaies to depte owt of his Prison, before he have paied his saide Debte and the saide twentie pence for the saide Arrest, upon payne to forfeicte to the Quenes Ma'1' fowrtie shillingf, And the same Gaoler to paye to the Quenes Ma"L the double value, aswell of the Rate whiche the saide pson so ymprsioned was taxed at, as of the saide twentie pence for the Fees : And like Procf and Remedie in like Forme shalbe graunted by the said Comissioners, or as many of them as by the saide Comission shalbe thereunto appointed, at like Information of ev*ie pson or psons being chardged w"’ any some of Money for any other pson or psons by reason of the said Subsidies, and not thereof paied, but willfullie w'Mrawen, nor the same leviable w,hin the lymyttf where suche psons were thereunto taxed : And yf the some or sumes, being behinde unpaied by any pson or psons as is aforesaide, be levied and gathered by force of the saide Processe to be made by the saide Comissiofts, or yf in default or for lacke of Payment thereof, the pson or psons so oweng the saide sume or sumes of Money, by Processe of the same Comissioners to be made as is aforesaide, be comitted to Prison in forme abovesaide, That then the saide Comyssyoners whiche shall awarde suche Processe, shall make Certificate thereof in the saide Exchequer of that shalbe doon in the Premysses, in the Terme next followeng after such sume or sumes of Money so being behinde shalbe levied and gathered, or suche pson or psons for none payment of the same comytted to pson : And yf yt happen anye of the saide Collecto" to be assigned, or any Maio" Shiriefff Stewards Constables the Hedboroughe Bursholder Bailiefe or any other Officer or Mynyster or other whatsoever pson or psons, to disobey the saide Comissioners or anye of them, in the resonable Request to them made by the said Comyssioners for execuc&n of the saide Comission, Or yf any of the Officers or other psons doe refuse that to them shall apperteyne and belong to doe by reason of any Precept to him or them to be dyrected, or any reasonable Comaundement Instance or Request towching the Premisses, or other defeulte in anye Appar*nce or Collection to make, or yf any pson, being suspecte not to be indifferentlie taxed as is aforesaide, do refuse to be examyned according to the tenor of this Acte before the saide Comissioners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaide, or wil not appere before the same Comissioners upon warnyng to hym made, or ells make Resistance or Rescowsse upon anye Distresse upon him to be taken for any pcell of the saide Subsidies, or comytt anye Mysbehaveo' in ante maner of wise contrary to this Act, or cfimytt anye wilfull Omission or other whatsoever wilfull doinge or misdoinge, contrary to the tenor of this Acte or Graunt; the same Comissioners and every number of them above remembred, or twoe of them at the least, upon probable knowledge of anye such misdeameanors hadd by Information or Examynac&n, shall and maye sett upon ePie such Offendo' for everie suche Offence, in the name of a Fyne by the same Offendo' to be forfeited, Fowrtie Shillingf or under, by discrec&n of the same Comissioners; And further, the same Comissioners, and everie number of them or two of them at the leaste, shall have awthoritie by this present Acte, to punyshe every suche Offendo’ by ymprysonment, theare to remayne and to bee delyvered by their discrec&n as shall seeme to them convenyent; the said Fynes, if any such be, to be certefied by the saide Comissioners that so assessed the same, into the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequer, there to be levied and paied by the Collecto" of that parte for the saide Subsidies retourned into the saide Exchequer, to be therwith charged w,h the payment of the saide Subsidies, in suche maner as yf the saide Fynes had bene sett and taxed upon the said Offendo" for the said Subsidies.

On Failure of any such Distress Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment;

Like Process against Persons chargeable for others;

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer;

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or to be examined, or being

may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

And yt is also Inacted by the saide Awthoritie of this present Pliament, That e9y of the saide Highe Collecto" Allow*!" whiche shall accompte for anye parte of the sayd Subsidies in the saide Exchequer, upon theire severall Accomptf to be High Collectors, yelden, shalbe allowed at everie of the saide Paymentf of the saide Subsidies, for every pownde lymytted to his for themselves," ’ Collection whereof anye suche Collecto' shalbe charged and yeelde Accompt, vj d. as pcell of theire Chardge; Under Collectors, that is to saye, of every pownde thereof for suche pson as then have had the pticuler Collection of the Townes and other Places as is aforesaid specified in his Collection, twoe pence j and other twoe pence of everie pownde thereof, everie of the saide Chiefe Collecto" or their Accomptantf to retayne to their owne use for theire Laboure and Chardge in and abowt the Premissesj and twoe pence of every pownde residue, to be delyvered allowed and

Original from PENN STATE

880

35° Eliz. c. 13.

A.D. 1592-3.

XXIV. Members of Parliament, Commissioners, Sec. shall not be Collectors, See.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the Exchequer.

XXV.

After Assessment, See. Commissioners shall meet and certify their several Assessments, with the Names of Collectors,

Fines, &c.

Separate Certificates may be made, where Commissioners do not all agree.

Collectors shall answer for their respective Districts.

paied by the saide Collecto' so beinge thereof allowed, to suche of the Cdmissioners as shall take upon them the busynes and labor for and abowt the premisses; that is to saye, Everie Collecto' to paie that Comyssioner or Comyssioners whiche had the ordering of the wrytengf of and for everie of the saide Subsidies where the said Collecto' or Collecto" had their Collection, for Thexpencf for the saide Comyssioners so taking upon them the saide busynesse, and labour of their Clarkf writeng the saide Preceptf and Extractf of the saide Collections; the same laste twoe pence of everie pownde, to bee divided amongest the saide Comyssioners, having Regarde to theire labour and busynes taken by them and theire saide Clerkf in and abowte the premisses ; for whiche pte so to the saide Comissioners appteyneng, the saide Comissioners, sixe fyve sour three or twoe or as inanye of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Quenes Ma'f Comission, and everie of them, joyntlie & severally for his and theire saide parte, maye have his Remedie against the saide Collecto' or Collecto" wch thereof bene or might have bene allowed, by Action of Debte, in whiche the Deffendant shall not waige his Lawe, neither Protection neither Injunction or Essoyne shalbe allowed.

And that no pson nowe being of the number of the Companye of this present Pliament, nor anye Comissyoner, shalbe named or assigned to be anye Collecto' or Subcollecto' or Presento' of the saide Subsidies, or of anye pte therof; nor no Comissyoners shalbe compelled to make anye Presentment or Certificate, other then in the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequer, of for or concemyng the saide Subsidies or anye pte or pcell thereof; and likewise that no other pson that shalbe named and assigned to be Comissioners in anye place to and for Thexecuc&n of this Act of Subsidies, be or shalbe assigned or named Head Collecto' of anye of the paymentf of the said Subsidies, neither of anye pte thereof; And that everie suche pson or psons whiche shalbe named and appointed as is aforesaide to bee Head Collecto" of and for the payment of the said first Subsidie, or anye pte thereof, shall not be compelled to be Collector for the saide seconde Subsidie, nor for anye parte thereof; And he that shalbe named or appointed as is aforesaide to be Collecto' for the payment of the saide seconde Subsidie, or of anye pte thereof, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the first payment of the saide third Subsidie, nor of anye pte thereof; And he y* shalbe named or appointed as is aforesaide to be Collecto' for the fiest payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, or of any parte thereof, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the seconde payment of the saide thirde Subsidie, nor of anye parte thereof: And the saide Collecto" whiche shalbe assigned for the Collection of the saide three Subsidies, or for anye parte thereof, and every of them, be and shalbe acquyted and discharged of all maner Fees Rewardf and of ePy other Chardges in the Quenes Ma'f Exchequer or else where, of them or any of them, by reason of that Collection Payment or Accomptf or anye thinge concernyng the same to be asked; And that yf anye pson receyve or take anye Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of anye such Accomptant, or use any unnecessary delaye in theire Accompte, that then he shall forfeicte to the Quenes Mau* for everie penye or value of everie peny or peny woorth so taken, fyve shillingf, and fyve powndf to the ptie grieved for ev'ie suche delaye, and suffer Ymprysonm' at the Quenes Ma'f Pleasure.

And after ev*ie taxing & assessing of the said severall Subsidies (as is aforesaide) had or made, and the saide Extractf thereof in Pchement, unto the Collecto' in maner and forme before rehersed delyvered, the saide CommissioSs whiche shall take upon them thexecucSn of this Acte w^in the lymyttf of their Comyssion, by theire Agreementf shall have meetingf together, at wch meeting everie of the saide ComissioSs whiche then shall have taken upon them thexecuc&n of anye pte of the saide Comission, shall by hymselfe or his sufficient Deputie, truly certifie and bringe foorthe unto the saide Comissioners named in the saide Comyssion, the Certificate and Presentment made before hym and suche other Comissioners as weare lymyted with hym in one lymyt, so that the same Certificate may be accompted and cast w*h thother Certificates of the other lymyttf w,hin the same Comission; and then the said Comyssioners and every nnmber of them unto twoe at the leaste as is aforsaide, yf anye be in Liefe, or theire Executo" or Admynistrato" of theire Goods if they then be dead, shall joyntlie and severallie as they weare dyvided within theire lymyttf, under theire Seales by theire discrec&n, make one or sepal 1 Writengf indented, conteyneng in yt aswell the Names of the said Collecto", by the Comissioners for suche Collection and Accomptf in the Exchequer and payment in the same Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse and severall somes written unto everie suche Collecto" to receyve the saide Subsidies; And also all Fynes Aificiamentf and other Forfeictures, yf anye suche by reason of this Acte happen to be w^in the precyncte and lymyte of theire Comyssion, to be certified into the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequer by the saide Comissioners; In whiche Wryteng or Wrytengf indented so to be certefied, shalbe playnelie declared and expressed the whole and intier some or somes of the saide Subsidies severallie limitted to the Collection of the saide Collecto" severallie deputed and assigned to the Collection of the saide somes; So that none of the saide Collecto" so certified in the saide Excheq', shalbe compelled there to accompte or to be chardged, but only to and for the somes lymytted to his Collection, and not to or for anye some lymytted to the Collection of his Fellowe, but everie of them shalbee severallie chardged for theire pte lymytted to theire Collection: And yf the said Comissioners joyned in one Comission amonge themselves in that Matter cannot agree, or yf anye of them be not readye, or refuse to make Certificate w,b other of the same Comissioners, That then the saide Comissioners maye make severall Indentures in forme aforesaide of their severall lymytes or sepaeftns of Collecto" within the lymytes of their Comission, upon and in the Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like Dyvisions w,hin theire saide severall lymyttes of theire Comissyon, as the Places theare shall requyre to be severed and dyvided, and as to the same Comissioners shall seeme good, to make Dyvisions of their Lymyttf or Collections for the sePall Charges of the same Collecto"; So that alwaye one Collecto’ shalbe charged and accompte for his pte to hym to be lymyted onlie by hymselfe, and not for any some


A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 13.

881

lymytted to the pte of anye of his Fellowes, And the chardges of e9ie of the Collecto" to be sett and certified severallie upon them j And everie suche Collecto', upon his Accompte and Payment of the sume of Money lymytted w"in his Collection, to be severallie by hymselfe acquyted and discharged in the said Exchequer, wlkowt payeng anye maner Fees or Rewardf to any pson or psons for the same, upon payne and penaltie last abovesaide, and not to bee chardged for anye pord&n of anye other Collecto': And yf any Comissyoner, after he hathe taken Certificate of them that as is aforesaide shalbe before anye suche Comissioners examyned, and the somes rated and sett and the Bookes and Wrytengf thereof being in his Hands, Or yf anye Collecto' or other pson chardged w"* anye Receipt of anye pte of the saide Subsidies, or any other pson taxed or otherwise by this Acte chardged w"* or for anye pcell of the saide Subsidies, or w"" any other Sume Fyne Aniciament Penaltie or other Forfeicture, happen to dye before the ComissioSs Collecto" or other whatsoever pson or psons, have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficientlie dischardged that whiche to everie suche pson shall apperteyne or belonge to doe according to this Acte, Then the Executo" Sc Heires of every suche pson, and all other seised of any Lands and Tenementf that anye suche pson beinge chardged by this Acte and deceassinge before he be dischardged thereof, or anye other to his use onlie, had of Estate of Inheritance, at the tyme that anye suche pson was named Comissioner Collecto' or otherwise chardged with or for any maner of Thinge to be doon satisfied or paied by reason of this Acte ; And all those that have in theire Possessions or Hands anye Goods Cattells Leases or other Things that weare to any suche pson or peons at the tyme of his Deathe, or anye Lands or Tenementf that weare the same psons at the tyme he was as is aforesaid charged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and chardged to doe and accomplishe in everie case, as the same pson so being chardged shoulde have doon, or might have bene compelled to doe, yf he had bene in playne Liefe, after suche Rate of the Lands and Goods of the saide ComissioS or Collecto' as the ptie shall have in his Hands; And yf the saide Comissioners, for cawses reasonable them moving, shall thinck yt not convenyent to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaide. Then the saide pson or psons that shall first joyne together, or he that shall first certifie the saide Wryteng indented (as is aforsaid), shall certifie all the Names of the ComissioSs of that Comission, whereupon suche Writeng shalbe there then to be certified, w"1 Division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tythingf & other Places to and among such ComyssioSs of the same Comission, w,h the Names of the same Comissioners wheare suche Sepac&ns and Dyvisions shalbe, w* the grosse sumes of Money, aswell of and for the said Subsidies taxed or sett of or w,kin the saide Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other Places, to hym or them devided or assigned that shall so certifie the saide first Wryteng, as of the Fynes AiSciamentf Penalties and other Forfeitures, yf anye happen to bee wuin the same Lymittf, whereof the same Writengf shalbe certified: And after suche Wrytengf indented, w" as is aforsaid shalbe certified and not conteyne in yt the whole and full sumes sett and taxed w,hin the lymyttf of the same Comission, the other Comissioners of the same, before the daie of Payment of the saide Subsidie, shall certifie into the saide Exchequer by theire Writeng or Writengf indented to be made as is aforesaide, the grosse and severall somes sett and taxed w,hin the places to them lymyted for ev^ie of the saide Subsidies, and other Fynes AiSciamentf Penalties and Forfeictures, wth the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes & other Places to them assigned ; or ells by theire saide Writengf indented, to certifie at the same Place before the same daye of Payment, such resonable cawses for theire Excuses whie they maye not make such Certificate of and for the saide Subsidies Fynes Aniciainentf and other Forfeictures groweng or sett, by reason of the Cawses of theire Lettf, or of theire not certifieng as is aforesaide, or ells in default thereof, Processe to be made owte of the Quenes Ma'f saide Exchequer against the saide Comissioners & of everie of them not making Certificate as is aforesaide, by the Discrec&n of the Treasourer & Barons of the saide Exchequer.

Provided alwaies and be yt Inacted by the Awthorite aforesaide. That the Inhabitantf of the Pishe of Sl Martyn called Stamford Baron in the Suburbes of the Boroughe and Towne of Stamford in the Sowthe parte of the Water there, called Wellandf, w* hereafter shalbe contributorie to the payment of theis present Subsidies graunted to the Quenes Ma"' her Heires and Successors, shalbe assessed rated and taxed for the same by suche ComissioSs wch shalbe appointed for the taxinge ratinge and sessinge of the same Subsidies w>hin the Countie of Lyncoln, and shall be for the same contributorie and paye the said Subsidies to the Collecto' or Collecto" w‘h shalbe assigned and appointed for the levieng and gatheringe of the same, wlh the Aldermen and Burgesses of the saide Boroughe and Towne of Stamford.

Provided alwaies and be yt further Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaide, That all and everie pson and psons havinge Manno" Lands Tents and other Hereditamentf chargeable to the Payment of the saide Subsidies graunted to the Quenes Ma’1* by this Acte, and also havinge Spuall Possessions chargeable to her saide Ma"c by the Graunt made by the Clergy of this Realme in theire Convocac&n, and over this, having Substance in Goods and Cattells chargeable by this saide Acte, that then yf anye of the saide pson or psons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the saide Manno" Lands and Tenementf & Spuall Possessions, and also assessed charged and taxed for his and their Goods and Cattells, that then he or they shalbe onlie charged by vertue of this Acte for his and their saide Manno' Lands Tenem'f Hereditamentf and Spuall Possessions, or onlie for his saide Gcodf and Cattells, the best thereof to be taken for the Quenes Ma'1' and not to bee chardged for bothe or dowble chardged for any of them j Anye thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie in anie wise notw^standinge.

Provided alwaies, That this Graunte of Subsidies, or any thing therein conteyned, in any wise extende not to charge the Inhabit'untf dwellinge in Irelande Jeamesey & Garneseye, or anye of them, of for or concernynge any Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Possessions Goods Cattells or other moveable Substance, whiche the saide Inhabitantf or Dwellers or any others to their use, have wlhin Irelande Jearnesey & Garnesey, or in


ic P

Executor!,

Heirs. &c. of Commissioners or Collectors, lie. dying, shall complete their Unties i

Form of the first and subsequent Certificates, where sll the Commissioners do not join.

XXVI. Stamford Baron shall be rateJ with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVII.

Persons having Lands and Spiritual Possessions, and Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, &c. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXVIII.

Exemption for Lands, Personalty, and Offices in Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

882

35° Eliz. c. 13.

A.D. 1592-3.

XXIX. Exemption for English Inhabitant! of the Northern Countiea.

XXX. Proviso for

in respect to future Subsidies: [JseiVl.]

XXXI. Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, kc.

XXXII. Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, &c.

XXXIII. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXIV. Exemptiou of English Inhabitants of Romney Marsh.

anye of them, or of for or concemynge any Fees or Waiges w*1 any of the saide Inhabit*untf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma"* for theire Attendance and doinge S'vice to o' Sov^aigne Ladie the Quenes Ma"* in Irelande Jeamesey & Garnesey, or in anye of them ; Any thinge in this present Acte to the contrary in any wyse notwithstandinge.

Provided also, That this present Acte of Subsidies ne anye thinge therein conteyned extende to anye of the Englishe Inhabitant^ or Resiauntf in anye of the Cownties of Northumbland Cumberlande WestiSlande the Towne of Barwicke the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, & the Bisshopricke of Durham, or to anye of them, of for or concemynge anye Manno" Lands Teritf or other Possessions Goods Cattells or other moveable Substaunce whiche the same Englishe Inhabitauntf or Dwellers, or anie other to theire use, have w,6in the saide Counties of Northumberlande Cumberlande WesoSlande or the Towne of Barwicke, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, or the Bisshopricke of Durham, or anye of them, or of for or concemyng any Fees or Waiges whiche anye of the Englishe Inhitantf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma,k for theire Attendance or doinge service to the Quenes Ma"* for or within the saide Cownties of Northumbland Cumbland Westnilande the Towne of Barwicke the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne and the Bisshopricke of Durham, or anye of them, to or for the saide taxinge levieng gathering or payment: But that the Englishe Inhabitauntf and Resiauntf, and everie of them, of the saide Cownties Bisshopricke & Townes and every of them, shalbe of and from the saide Subsidies, and everie pcell thereof, onlie for their Manno" Lands Tenementf Fees Waiges Goods and Cattells heng and being in the same Cownties Townes and Bisshopricke or anye of them, utterlie acquyted & dischardged ; Anye thinge in this present Acte before rehersed to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided also, That all tres Patentf graunted by the Quenes Ma,k or any of her most noble Progenito", to anye Citties Boroughes or Townes w'hin this Realme, of anye maner of Libties Privelegf or Exemptions from the Burden & Chardge of anye suche Grauntf of Subsidies, whiche be at this present tyme in force and vaileable, shall remayne good and effectuall to the saide Citties Boroughes and Townes hereafter, according to the purportf thereof, althoughe the Inhabitantf of the same, and also the said Corporac&ns, shall upon the greate and weightie Considerations of the Graunt abovesaide, be for this Graunte chardged & contributorie, in like maner forme and sorte as other Citties Boroughs and Townes whiche be not in anye wise privileged but by this Acte chardged.

Provyded alwaies and be yt Inacted by the Awthoritie aforesaid. That no Orphant or Infant w,hin the Age of xxj" yeres, borne w^in any of the Quenes Ma'f Domynions, shall be chardged to anye Payment of theis Subsidies, for his or her Goods and Cattellf to hym or her lefte or bequeathed ; Any thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided also, That this Acte nor anye thinge therein conteyned, shall extend to the Goods or Lands of any Colledge Hall or Hostell w^in the Unyversities of Oxforde and Cambridge, or anye of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Winton fownded by Bisshopp Wickham, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Eton next Windsor, or to the Lands Teiitf or Revenues onlie assigned or appointed for the sstentacbn and lyvinge of the poore Knightf, fownded in the Castle or Colledge of Wyndsor by o' late Sov'aigne Lorde Kinge Henry the Eight, or to anye of the Goods or Cattells of the same Knightf or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of anye c5mon Free GraiQ Scoole w^in this Realme of Englande or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reader Scoolemaster or Scoller, or any Graduate resiaunt or remayneng for Study, withowt Frawde or Covyn, wrtin anye of the saide Unyversities and Colledges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxford or Suburbes of the same, or to any of them, or to anye their serv'untf dailie attendinge upon anye of them, nor to the Goods of anye Officer Mynyster Almesmen or serv*ntf belongeng to anye of the saide Unyversities Colledgf Halles or Hostells, and dwelling and resiaunte within the said Universities or either of theym, or wlhin either of the saide Townes of Cambridge and Oxforde and the Suburbes of the same, w^owt Frawde or Covyn; Or to the Goods and Lands of anye Hospitall Maisondieu or Spitlehowse prepared and used for the Sustentac&n and Reliefe of poore People; Anye Thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided also and be yt further enacted, That the saide Graunte of Subsidies or anye thing therein conteyned, do not in any wise extende or be prejudicial! or hurtfiill to any of the Inhabit'untf or Resiauntf having dwelt for the moste parte of the yere next before the taxing and assessing of theis Subsidies as aforesaid w'ln the Fyve Ports Corporate, or to anye their Members incorporated or unyted to the same Fyve Portes, or to anye of the same Fyve Ports; but that suche the Inhabit'untf or Resiauntf as aforesaide in the saide Fyve Portes corporate and theire Members be and shalbe of and from the saide Graunte & Payment of everie of the saide Subsidies, and every parte therof, and onely during such their Resiancie as aforesaide, and no longer, clerelie discharged and acquyted; Anye Matter or whatsoever Thing in this present Acte had or made to the contrarie notw'Vanding.

Provided also. That the saide Grawnte of Subsidies and sixe Fiftcenes and Tenthes do not in any wise extende or be prejudidall or hurtfull to the Englishe Inhabit'untf or Resiauntf at this present tyme w,hin the Libties of Rumney Marshe, of or for any parte of the saide somes graunted in this present Pliament, of the saide Englishe Inhabit'untf nowe there resiauntf or any of them to be taxed sett asked levied or paied; but that the saide Englishe Inhabit'untf and nowe Resiauntf of Rumney Marshe aforesaide and everie of them, be and shalbe of


A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 13, 14.

883

and from the saide Graunte and Payment of the saide Subsidies and sixe Fiftenes & Tenthes, during their

Resiauncie there and no longer, acquyted and dischardged; Any Matter and whatsoever Thinge in this present

Acte made to the contrarie notw^standing.

XXXV

Provided nevertheles, and be yt enacted by the awthoritie aforesaide, That yf any Alyen or Straunger borne, children of Aliens, Denizen or not Denizen, and dwelling or inhabiteng w"4n this Realme of Englande, shall assigne or convey over unto Uod» or

anye his or theire Childe or Children borne within this saide Realme of Englande, anye his or their Lands Tenement? Evasion of this

Good? or Cattellf, to the intente therebie to defrawde the Quenes Mau of her said Subsidies of or for the same, Act,^»Wl j»y

that then all and every such Childe or Children so being seised of any suche Lands and Tehtf, or possessed of any suche Good? or Chattells, shalbe charged & chargeable to and w,h the payment of double the sayde Subsidies for the same Lands Tehtf Good? & Cattells, at the saide Rates Sc Values as Alyens and Straungers, Denyzens or not Denizens, are before lymytted & appoynted to paye.

CHAPTER XIV. (•)

An Acte for the Quenes Ma*f most gracious geSall Sc free Pardon.

7TTOE Queenes Ma*' most graciouslie consideringe the good will and faithfull hartes of her most lovinge and .A. obedient Subjects, which as at all tymes, so at this pnte especiallie, they have w* most duetyfull Affeccbn shewed towardes her Highnes, and for the defence of this Realme, and understandinge that the same her lovinge Subject? have many and sundry waies by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, fallen into the daunger of d$se greate Penaltyes and Forfeytures, Is of her princelye and Scifull Disposicyon most graciouslie inclyned by her liberall and free Pdon, to dischardge some pte of those greate Paynes Forfeytures and Penalties wherewith her sayde Subject? stande now burthened and chardged, trustinge they wilbe thereby the rather moved & induced from henceforthe more carefully to observe her Highnes Lawes and Statutf, and to contynewe in theire loyall and due Obedience to her Ma6*: And Therefore her Ma"e is well pleased and contented that it be enacted by the aucthoritie of this pnte Parliament, in maner and forme followinge, that is to saie; That all and ev*y the saide Subject?, as well Spuall as Tempall of this her Highnes Realme of England, Wales, the Isles of Jemesey and Gernesey, and the Towne of Barwicke, the Heires Successo" Executo" and Admynistrato" of them and every of them, and all and singuler Bodies in any man8 of wise corpated, Cityes Boroughes Shires Riding? Hundred? Lathes Rapes Wapentakf Townes Villag? Hamlettf and Tithing?, and ePy of them, and the Successor and Successors of e$y of them, shall be by the aucthoritye of this pnte Pliament acquited pdoned released and dischardged, against the Quenes Ma"* her Heires and Successors and every of them, of all manner of Treasons Felonies Offencf Contempt? Trespasses Entries Wrong? Deceytes Misdemeano" Forfeytures Penalties and somes of Money, Paines of Death, Paines Corpall and pecuniary, and geSallie of all other Thing? Causes Quarrell? Sutes Judgment? and Execufbns, in this pnte Acte hereafter not excepted nor forprised, which maie be or can be by hir Highnes in any wise or by any meanes pdoned, before and unto the first daie of December last past, to er?y or any of her sayde Subject? Bodies Corpated Cities Boroughes Shires Riding? Hundred? Lathes Rapes Wapentakf Townes Villag? and Tythingf or anie of them.

And also the Quenes Highnes is contented that it be enacted by the aucthoritye of this pnte Parliament, That her saide free Pardon shalbe as good and effectual 1 in the Lawe to ev’y of her said Subject?, Bodies Corpate, and others before rehearsed, in for and against all thing? which be not hereafter in this pnte Acte excepted and forprised, as the same Pdon should have bene, if all Offencf Contempt? Forfeitures Causes Matters Sutf Quarrells Judgin'? Execuf&ns Penaltyes and all other Thing?, not hereafter in this pnte Acte excepted and foreprised, had bene pticulerlie singulerly speciallie and plainely named rehearsed Sc specyfied, and also pdoned by proper and expresse wordes and names in their kindes natures and qualityes, by wordes and termes thereunto requisite to have bene put in and expressed in this pnte Acte of free Pdon; And that her said Subject?, nor anie of them, nor the Heires Executo" or Administrate" of anie of them, nor the said Bodyes Corpate and other before named and rehearsed, nor any of them, be nor shalbe sued vexed or inquieted in their Bodyes Goodes Chattells Landes or Tefit?, for anie manner of Matter Cause Contempt Misdemeanor Forfeiture Trespasse Offence or anie other Thinge, sufferred done or comitted, before the said first daie of December, against her Highnes her Crowne Dignitie Prerogatyve Lawes or Statut?, but onlie for such Matters Causes and Offencf as be rehearsed mentioned or in some wise towched in the Excepc&ns of this pnte Acte hereafter mendoned to be forprised and excepted, Sc for none other; Anie Statute or Statut? Lawes Customes or Usag? heretofore had made or used to the confry in any wise notwithstandinge.

Motives for this Pardon.

General Pardon of all Offences, See. not expressly excepted, committed, Scc. before 1st Dec. An. 35 Elia.

II.

This Pardon as valid by general Words, as if all Offences, See. were particularly specified.

1 From the Original AG: See Note at the beginning of this Year.

884

35° Eliz. c. 14.

A.D. 1592.S.

in.

Grant of all Forfeiture* on Offence* pardoned.

Pardon may be

fleaded without ee*; except i6d. to the Clerk.

IV.

Thi* Pardon shall be conitrued most beneficially for the Subject.

V.

Penalty on Officers of Courts issuing Process for Offence* hereby pardoned, Treble Damages ^ and Process declared void.

VI

.Exceptions from this Pardon: Certain Treasons)

Piracies Murders

Counterfeiting, See. of Money

Burglaries;

Robberies;

And the Quenes Highnes of her bounteous liberalitye, by the Aucthoritie of this pnte Pliament, graunteth and freely givethe to evy of her said Subjects, and to e9y of the saide Bodies Corpate and other before rehearsed, & e9y of them, all Goodes Chattells Debtes Fines Issues Profittf A$ceamentf Forfeytures and Somes of Money by anie of them forfeited, which to hir Highnes do or shoulde belonge or appertaine, by reason of any Offence Contempte Trespasse Entrie Misdemeano' Matter Cause or Quarrell done or comitted by them or anie of them before the said firste daye of December, w® be not hereafter in this pnte Acte forprised and excepted : And be it enacted nevWlesse, That all Gr*untf thereof, or of anie pte thereof, made by anie such as have so forfeited the same, and are hereby restored as aforesaid, and all Execu&ns thereof or of any pte thereof, had against any such after such Forfeiture therof committed or made shalbe of such Force and Effecte as if no such Forfeiture therof had bene had or made, & of no other; The same Forfeiture or any thinge before in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge. And that all & ev*y the Quenes said Subjects, and all and singuler Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed, maie by him or themselves, or by his or theire Deputie or Deputies or by his or theire Attorney or Attorneyes, accordinge to the Lawes of this Realme, plqade and mynister this pnte Acte of free Pdon, for his or theire dischardge of and for any Thinge that is by vertue of this pnte Acte pardoned dischardged given or graunted, w^out anie Fee or other Thinge in any wise payinge to anie psone or psonnes for Writinge or Entry of the Judgmentf or other Cause conceminge such Plea Writinge or Entrie, but onely xvj d. to be payed to the Officer or Clerke that shall enter such Plea Matter or Judgment for the pties dischardged in that behaulf; Any Lawe Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstandinge.

And Furthermore the Queenes Highnes is contented and pleased that it be enacted by the aucthoritie of this pnte Parliam', That her saide free Pdon by the geSall Wordes Clauses and Sentencf before rehearsed, shalbe reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken, in all rnanS of Courts of her Highnes and elswhere, most beneficiall and available to all & singuler her saide Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed and to e9y of them, in all things not in this pnte Acte excepted or forprised, w,hout any Ambiguitye Question or other delay whatsoever it shalbe, to be made pleaded objected or alledged by the Queene or Soveraigne Ladie her Heires or Successors, or by her or any of theire genial 1 Attorney or Attorneyes, or by any psone or psonnes for her Highnes or any of her Heires or Successors.

And furthermore yt ys enacted by the Quene our Sov’eigne Ladie by the aucthoritye of this pnte Parliament, That if anie Officer or Clerke of any of her Highnesse Cortf comonly called the Chauncery Kings Benche and Comon Place, or of her Exchequer, or anie other Officer or Clerke of anie other of her Highnes Courts w^in this Realme, at anie time after the last daie of this pnte Session of Parliament, make out or write out any maner of Writtf Procf Somons or other p*ceptf whereby anie of the said Sub*f or anie of the said Bodies Corpated or others before rehearsed or anie of them, shalbe in anie wyse arrested attached distreyned somoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or grieved in his or their Bodies Landes Tenemen'f Goodes or Chattells or in anie of them, for or because of any manner of thinge pdoned or dischardged by vertue of this Acte of free Pdon; Or yf any Shereiff or Escheato' or any of their Deputie or Deputyes or anie Bailiff or other Officer whatsoever by Colour of his or their Office or otherwise, after the said last daie of this pnte Session of Parliament do levie receive take or w,hhold of or from anie psone or psonnes anie thing pdoned or dischardged by this Acte, that then eQy such parson so offendinge and thereof laufullie convicted or condempned by anie sufficient Testimony Witnessor Proof shall yeld and paie for Recompence therof to the Ptie so greyed or offended thereby, his or their treble Damagf besides all Costes of the Sute, and shall also forfet and lose to the Queenes Ma" for every such defaulte, xti.: And nevVhelesse all and singuler such Writtf Procf and Preceptf so to be made for or uppon any manner of thing pdoned or dischardged by this pnte Acte of free Pardon, shalbe utterlye voyde and of none Effecte.

Exckptb and allwaies forprised out of this geniall and free Pdon, all and all manner of Highe Treasones and other Offencf commytted or done by anie psone or psonnes against the Queenes most Royall parson, and all Conspiracies and Confederacies trayterouslye hadd comitted or done by anie psone or psonnes against the Queenes Ma’f Royall parson ; And also excepted all and ev^y manS of Treasons comitted or done by anie psone or psones in the partes beyond the Seas or in anie other Place out of the Queenes Domynions; And also all Sutf Punishementf Execuc&ns Paynes of Death Forfeytures and Penalties for or by reasone or occasion of

any the Treasones and Offencf before rehearsed: And also excepted & forprysed owt of this geSall Pardon,

all and every Offencf of Pyracie and Roborie done uppon the Seas, and all and every comfortinge procuringe or abbettinge of the same Offences to be had done or edmytted : And also excepted out of this Pdon all manner of voluntarie Murders Petit Treasones and willfull Poisoningf done or comytted by any psone or psones, and all and ev*y the Accessaries to the same Offencf or anie of them, before the sayde Offencf comitted : And also excepted out of this Pdon all Offencf of forginge and false counterfettinge of any the Moneyes currant w,hin this Realme; And also all Offencf of unlaufull dimynishinge of any the said Moneyes

by anie waie or meanes whatsoever contrarie to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, and also all abettinge

aydinge comfortinge or procuringe of the same Offencf or any of them to be comitted or done: And also excepted out of this Pdon all Burglaries, comitted or done in anie Dwelling House or Houses, and all Accessaries to any the said Burglaries before the same Burglarie comitted : And also excepted all Roboryes done uppon or to any Mans or Womans psone in the High waie or elswhere, and all and singuler Accessaries of or to


A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 14.

885

anie such Robories before the said Roborie comined: And allso excepted the felonious stealinge of any Horse Horsestealing; Geldinge or Mare, and all Accessaries thereunto before the same Felony comined, & all Judgm'f h Execucbns of and for the same: And also all wilfull Buminges of anie dwelling House or Houses, or of anie Bame or Barnes wherein Anon*; any Come was: And alsoe excepted all Rapes and camall Ravishm'f of Women; And also all Ravishm'f Rape, gtc.

and wilfull takinge awaie or marryinge of any Maide Wyddowe or Damosell against her will, or w^out the

Assent or Agreement of hir Parents or of such as then had her in Custodye ; And also all Offencf of aydinge comfortinge procuringe or abbettinge of any such Ravishment willfull takinge or marryinge to be had

comined or done: And also excepted all wilfull Escapes of any Treato" or Felons: And also excepted out of this

Pdon, all psonnes nowe attainted or outlawed of or for any Treasone Petit Treasone Murder Wilfull Povsninge Burglary or Roborye, and all Executions of and for the same: And allso excepted all Offencf of Invocafftns Conjurac&ns Witchecraftes Sorceries Inchauntm'f and Charmes, and all Offencf of procuringe abbettinge or comfortinge of the same, and all psonnes now attainted or convicted of any of the said Offencf: And also excepted all and e9y manner of takinge from the Quenes Ma* of any Goodes or Chattells, or the Issues Rents Revenewes or Proffitf of any Manno" Lands Tents or Hereditam'f which were of any Treato' Murderer Felon Clerke or Clerkf attaynted or Fugityves, or of any of them; And also excepted all Goodes and Chattels in any wyse forfeyted to the Quenes Ma"* by reasone of any Treason Petit Treason Murder or Felony heretofore comitted or done:

And also excepted all Offencf of or in making wrytinge prynringe or publisshinge or in consentinge to the tnakinge wridnge printinge or publishinge of any false sedidous or slaunderous Booke or Books Libel or Libells in any wise against the Queenes Ma"' or the pnte Gov'nement of this Realme, in Causes eyther Ecclesiastical! or Tempall, or against any pson or psonnes: And also excepted out of this Pdon, all Intrusions and spoyle of Woodes had made or done by anie pson or psonnes in or uppon any the Manno" Lands Tehtf or other Hereditam'f of o' SoPeigne Ladie the Queene, and all Wastf done comytted or suffered uppon any such Lands Teiltf or Hereditamentf, and the wrongfull takinge of any the Rentes Issues & Proffitf of the same Manno" Lands Tehtf or Heredytamentf of o' sayd Soveraigne Lady the Queene, and also all Sutes Accomptes and Impetic6ns of and for the same: And also excepted out of this Pdon, all AlienaGSns of anie Lands Teiitf or Hereditamentf w,kout Lycence, and all Fynes Issues and Proffittf that maie or ought to growe or come to the Queenes Ma*1' by reason of any such Alyenac&n w,hout Lycence: And also excepted out of this Pdon all Wastes comitted or done in any of the Quenes Wardes Landes, or in the Wards Lands of aide of the Queenes Commyttees ; And also all and ev*y Fyne and Fynes for the single or double Value of the Marriage or Marryagf of all and ev*y Warde or Wards at anie time heretofore growne to the Quenes Ma* or to any hir noble Progenitors : And also excepted all concealed Wardes and the Landes of such Wardes concealed, and all Lyveries and Primer Seisones and Ouster le maines that ought to be had done or sued for the same: And also excepted out of this geflall Pdon, all Ravishm'f and wrongfull takinge or w^houldinge of anie of the Queenes Wardes or Wards Lands, or the Rentes and Proffittf of the same at anie time comen or growne to the Quenes Handes; and ev*y Thinge that by reason of anie Warde or Wards Landes, or for default of sueing or prosecutinge of anie LyPy, ought to come or be to the Quenes Ma", & w^ (as yet) is not dischardged: And also excepted all Fynes that should or ought to growe to the Queenes Ma'K of anie of her Wyddowes that have marryed w'W Lycence.

Escape* { Attainders; Witchcraft*;

Taking Issue* of Good* of Felon*, fcc.|

Forfeiture* of Good*;

Seditiou* Libel*, See.;

Intrucion*, Wa*tea, Kc. in the Queen’*, Land*, See.;

Alienations without Licence;

Watte* in Land* of the Queen'* Ward*, Sec.;

Concealed Ward*;

Ravishments of Ward.

Fine* for Widow*’ Marriage*.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the Aucthoritie of this pnte Parliament, That the Quenes Ma’1' her Heires and Successors, shall have and enjoie the full and whole Interreste Benefit or Proffitt & Advantage of all Wardshippes Lyveryes Primer Seisons and Ouster le mayns of Landes Tents and Hereditam'f, and all meane Issues Rates and Profittf for not suinge or not prosecutinge of any Livery or Ouster le mayne, as if this Acte had nev* bene had or made; And that all and e9y pson or psonnes which have tenderred or ought to sue his hir or their, or any of theire Ly9yes or Ouster le maynes, of or for any Manno" Landes Tents or Hereditam'f whatsoever they be, shall sue his hir and their Lyv*y and Lyvies and Ouster le mayns out of o' said SoPeigne Ladie the Queenes Handes, and shall aunswere and pay their Fynes Issues] and meane Proffittf for his or their Manno" Landes Tents and Hereditam'f, in like man8 and forme to ev*y respecte as they and every of them should or ought to have done if this Acte had neP bene had ne made, notwithstandinge the not findinge of any Office or Offices, or any other Matter whatsoever; Anie Article Thing or Things in this pnte Acte of genial I Pdon comprised and specyfied to the contrary notwithstandinge.

And alsoe excepted & forprysed out of this Pdon, all such psones as the last day of this pnte Session of Pleament be in Prison within the Towre of London, or in the Prison of the Marshallsey, or in the Prison of the Flete, or otherwise resrtayned of Libertie, by expresse Comaundement from the Quenes Ma'ic, or by the Commaundem' or dyrecdbn of any hir Ma'f Privye Counsell: And alsoe excepted out of this Pdon, all and ePy such pson and psonnes which at anie time sithence the begininge of the Quenes Ma'f Raigne, have fled out of this Realme of England, or any other the Queenes Dominions, for anie Offence of Highc Treason Petit Treason or Misprision of Treason: And also excepted all such psones as be gone or fledd out of this Realme for any Cause contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme wdlout the Quenes Ma"" Lycence ; And also excepted, all such psonnes as have obtayned and had Lycence to depte this Realme for a c?teyn time, and now doe abide out of the Realme w*out anie laufull excuse after the time of their Lycence expired: And also excepted owt of this Pdon, all & e$y Concealementes or wrongfull Deteynem'f of any Custome or Subsidie due to the Quenes Ma'*, and all Accomptf Impeticions and Sutes to be had made or done for the same: And also excepted, all and singuler Accomptes of all and cvy Collecto' and Collecto" of anie Subsidie Fiftene Custome or other Thinge, and all

VII.

Lively of Land* shall be duly sued, and Fine* thereon paid by all Penon*, although no Office be found.

VIII. Further Exception*: Prisoner*in special Custody ; Fugitive* for Treason, .Vc.;

Person* absent from the Realm without Licence;

Concealment of Customs, &c.

Collectors and Accountants to the Crown


to Q

886

35° Eliz. c. 14. .4.0.1592-3.

unlawful Inclosures, itc.;

Offences of Moneyert, &c. of the Mints;

Quare Impedits, Homages, &c.

Breaches of Covenant to the Crownj Subsidies;

Debts to the Crown except on certain Recognizances;

Forfeitures adjudged, gcc.;

Forfeitures of Leases, &c.;

First Fruits and Tenths; Penalties recovered by Verdict; or proceeded for or granted by the Crown;

Contempts, &c. depending in the Star-Chamber;

Perjuries;

Forgeries of Deeds, &c.;

Incest, &c.;

Disturbing Divine Service;

Premunire;

Dilapidations;

Exporting Ordnance t

Co-et.o..i Actions fin Penalties

Kn.bcit7.hiig Stc.i '■>;

Accomptf of e9y other pson whatsoever that ought to be accomptaunt to the Quenes Highnes or to her most noble Father King Henry the Eighte, or to Kinge Edward the Sixt, or Quene Mary, or to anie of them, and the Heires Executo" and Administrate" of every such psone that ought to accompte, for all Thing? towchinge only the samp Accomptf, and all and singuler Arreragf of Accomptf, and all untrue Accomptf, and all ImpeticSns Chardgf of Seisures Sutes Demaundes and Execuc6ns w* can or maie be had of or for any Accompte or Accomptes, or any Arreragf of the same: And also excepted all Inclosures and decayes of Houses of Husbandry, & the convWge or kepinge of anie Lande from Tillage to Pasture, made done comitted or pmitted cont*rye to the forme and effecte of

anie Statute or Statutf heretofore made: And also excepted and foreprysed owt of this Pdon, all and all man& of

Deceiptes and Offencf of all and singular Moniers and other Officers Mynters & Workemen of or in anie of the Quenes Ma'f Myntf within this Realme or anie other her Domynions, and all Impeticions and Punishment? for the same: And also excepted, all Tytles & Accons of Quare Impedit, and all Homag? Releef and Releefs?

Herriotf Rent S'vicf Rent Chardgf Rent Seek? and the Arreragf of the same not done or payd to the

Quenes Highnes: And also excepted, all Condi65ns and Coven*ntf, and all Penalties Tytles and Forfeytures of Condic6n or Condicons Coven‘nte or Coven*ntf accrewed or growen to the Quenes Ma"* by reason of the breach and not pforminge of anie Coven*nte or Condic&n whatsoever: And also excepted, all somes of Money graunted to the Quenes Ma,ie or anie hir noble Progenito's, by waie or meane of Subsidie Fiftene Tenth or otherwise, and all Conceallm'f Fraud? and Offencf by which her Ma'1' hath bene deceyved, or not truly aunswered of or for the same : And also excepted out of this Pdon, all Debt? w'* were or be due to or Sov’eigne Lady the Quene or to the moste noble Kinge of famous Memory Kinge Henry the Seaventh, Kinge Henry the Eight Kinge Edward the Sixt, or to the late Quene Mary, or to any parson or psonnes for or to anie of theire Uses, by anie Condempnac&n Recognizance Obligation or otherwise; (other then such Debt? as are dewe uppon any Obligac&n or Recogniz*unce forfeited before the said first day of December, for non appear*unce in anie Courte or other Place whatsoever, or for not kepinge of the Peace or not beinge of good Behavior which Debt? growen or accrued uppou those Causes by this free Pdon be and shalbe clerelie pdoned and dischardged): And also excepted and forprised out of this Pdon, all and singuler Penaltyes Forfeytures and somes of Money, beinge due or accrewed to o' SoPeigne Ladie the Quene, by reason of anie Acte Statute or Statutes, which Forfeytures Penaltyes and somes of Money be converted into the Nature of Debte by any Judgin' Order or Decree, or by the Agreement of the Offendo' or Offendo" : And also excepted all Forfeitures of all Leases Estates or Interest? of anie Landes Tenem'? or Hereditam1? holden of or

Sov'eigne Lady the Quenes Ma'1* by Knight? S'vice, or in Socage in Capite, or oth'wise by Knight? Service, made in

one or se^all Assuraunc? or Leases for anie terme or termes of yeres, whereupon the ould and accustomed Rent or more is not res'ved : And also excepted all First Fruet? 8t Tenthes at this pnte beinge due to be payd to her Ma1* by force of any Acte or Statute or otherwise : And also excepted all Penalties and Forfeitures whereof there is anie good Verdict in any Sute given or past for the Quenes Mall*: And also excepted all Forfeitures and other Penalties and Proffitt? now due accrued or growne, or which shall or may be due accrue or growe to the Quenes Ma,k, by rcasone of anie Offence Mysdemeano' or Contempte, or other Acte or Deede hadd suffered comitted or done contrary to anie Acte Statute or Statutf, or contrary to the comon Lawes of this Realme, and whereof or for the which any Accftn Bill Plaint or Informac&n at any tyme w"*in eight yeres next before the last daie of this psente Session of Parliament hath bene or shalbe exhibited comenced or sued in the Court? of Star Chamber or Exchequer Chamber, or in anie the Quenes Ma1? Court? at Westm, and now is, or the saide laste daie of this Session of Parliament shalbe there dependinge or remaininge to be prosecuted, or whereof the Quenes Highnes by her Bill signed or otherwise, heretofore hath made anie Gifte or Assignem' to anie pson or parsonnes: And also excepted out of this genial 1 & free Pdon all Offencf Contempt? Disorders Covins Fraudes Deceipt? and Misdemeano" whntsoev* heretofore comitted or done by anie pson or psones, and whereof or for the which any Sute by Bill

Plaint or Informacon at anie tyme wll,in foure yeres next before the last daie of this pnte Session of Parlement, ys

or shalbe comenced or exhibited in the Court of Star Chamber at Westm, and shalbe there the same last daie of this Session of Parliament dependinge: And also excepted out of this Pdon, all Offencf of Pjuryes and subornaeftn of Witnesses; and Offencf of forginge and counterfettinge of anie false Deedes Escriptf or Writing?; and all procuringe or cousellinge of any such counterfettinge or forginge to be had or made: And also excepted out of this Pdon all and every Offence or Offencf towchinge or conc?ninge the carryinge sendinge or conveyinge ov1 the Seas or out of this Realme of anie Gould Silver Jewells, or anie Coyne of Gould or Silver, contrary to the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme, unlesse it were by the Quenes Licence: And also excepted out of this Pdon, all Offencf of Incest Adultery Fornicac&n & Symonye, and all Mysdemeano" and Disturbauncf comitted & made in anny Church or Chappell in the time of Comon Praier Preachinge or Devine Service there used to the Disturbance thereof, and all Outlawries and Prosecuc&ns uppon the same: And also excepted all Offencf whereby anie pson maie be chardged w,h the penalty and daunger of Premunire, and of the which Offence or Offencf any pson standeth allready indicted or otherwyse lawfullye condempned or convicted: And also excepted, all Dilapidac&ns for wdl any sute is, or before the end of this Session of Parliament shalbe dependinge: And also excepted all Offencf whatsoev' in shippinge or willinglie assentinge or causinge to be shipped to be transported into anie the ptes beyond the Seas out of the Obedience of hir Ma"1, any Gunnes Ordinaunce Shott or Gunn Mettall contrary to the Lawes or Statutf of this Realme, w^out Lycence of hir Mall' in that behaulf first hadd & obtained : And also all such as covenouslye, or by Consent or for the Releif of such as have offended in or against any populer or penall Statute, have for the same Offence or Offencf exhibited any Ac65n Bill Plaint Informacon or Suete against anie such Offendo' or Offendo" : And excepte all Offencf in takinge away imbezelinge or purloyning anie the Quenes Ma" Goodes Money Chattellf Jewells Arino' Munic&n Ordinaunce or other Habillim'f of Warre: And also excepted out of this Pdon, all Extorcons

?! by

A.D. 1592-3.

35° Eliz. c. 14.

887

Covins Fraudf Deeeiptf & other Disorders & Misdemeano" whatsoever heretofore comitted or done by any Undershereif in or by reason or colour of his Office; and all Offencf of aydinge comfortinge assisdnge or procuringe of any Undershereif, in contryvinge doinge or executinge anie the same Extorc&ns Exactions Covins Fraudf Deceiptf Disorders or Misdemeanon: And also excepted out of this Pdon, all unlaufull takinge awaie & Rescusses made of any Prysoner beinge in or under anie Arrest or Custodie, and all breakinge and attemptinge to breake anie of her Mau" Prisonnes, and all Offences of aydingf or procuringe thereof: And also excepted, all Offencf Contemptf Disorders & Misdemeano's comitted or done by anie psone or psones contrarie to the Lawes of the Forrestf, w'Sn the Cyrcuite or Precincte of her Ma'f Forrestf of Wyndesor and Walth*m or of either of them, and all Penalties for the same : And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Issues Fynes and An)ceamenrf beinge totted levied or receyved by anie Shereif Undershereif Bailif Mynister or other Officer to or for the Quenes Ma*f use or behoof before the last daie of this pnte Session of Parlement; and all Issues Fynes and AiSceamentf afferred raxed set estraited or entred sevallie or pticulerly towchinge or con?ninge anie one pson or moe persons joyntlie or sevallie above the some of six poundes; And also excepted, all Issues Fynes and Aniceamen'f afferred taxed set or entred sePallie or pticulerly in anie Court of Record at Westni, at anie tyme sithence the Feaste of S’ Michaell Tharctiell last past: And yet nev*thelesse all other Fynes, as well Fynes Pro licencia concordandi, as others set taxed estrayted or entred before the said Feast of S* Michaell Tharctigell, And also all Issues Fynes and Amerceamentf, as well real as others, w*in anie Liberties or w'Naut, being set taxed estrayted or entred before the said Feast of S' Michaell Tharctiell, and which sev'allie or pticulerlie extend to or under the s5me of Six Pounde, and not above, whether they be estraited or not estraited, or whether they be turned into Debt, or not turned into Debte, and not being totted levied or receyved by any Shereif Under Shereif Minyster or other Officer to or for the Quenes Mau" use or behoof, before the last daie of this Session of Parliament, shalbe freelie clerelie 8c plainelie pdoned and dischardged against the Quenes Ma,ie, her Heires 8c Successo* for ever, by force of this pnte Acte of Free Pdon. And yet nePthelesse all Estraytf of such Fynes Issues and Amerceamentf as be now pdoned by this Acte, and which be allready estraited forth of the Court of Exchequer, and be remayninge in the Handes of the Shereif Under Shereif or Bailiff for collectinge of the same Fines Issues and AiSceamentf, shall uppon the retome of the same Estraytes, be orderlie charged and delyvWl by Scrowes into the Office of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer, as heretofore hath bene accustomed; to the entent that thereuppon order maie be taken that her MaUc maie be the more truelie aunsweared of all such Fines Issues and Aiiiceamentf not by this Acte pdoned, and which anie Shereif Under Shereif Baylif or other Officer or Mynister hath receyved or ought to aunsweare by Force or Colour of any such Estrayt Processe or Precepte to him or them made for the levying thereof; And yet that notwithstandinge, all and ePy Shereif 8c Shereifff and other Accomptaunt uppon his or their peticftn or peticions to be made for the Allowaunce of any such Fynes Issues 8c Aniceamentf as by this Acte is pdoned, shall have all & e9y such his and their Petic&n allowed in his 8c theyr Accompte and Accomptes, w"*out payinge any Fee or Reward to anie Officer Clerke or other Mynister for the makinge entringe or allowinge of any such Peticiin or Petic&ns; Anie Usage or Custome to the contrary therof notwithstandinge. And also excepted out of this Pdon, all Goodes Chattells Debts Acc&ns and Sutes allreadie forfeited, or whereof any Righte or Title is accrewed or growne to the Quenes Ma,k, by reason of anie Outlawrie, and whereof the Quenes Ma* by her Highnes tres Patent f hath before the last daie of this pnte Session of Pliament, made anie Graunte Coven*nte or Pmise to anie psone or psonnes: And also excepted out of this Pdon, all such psons which have comitted or done anie Offence or Offencf contrarie to the teno' or effecte of the Statute made in the xxvij"1 yere of her Ma'f Raigne, intituled An Acte againste Jesuites Semynary Priestes and other such disobedient psonnes, or of anie pte thereof; And all Outlawries Proceedingf Judgementf and Execucftns uppon the same Offencf or anie of them: And also excepted, all psones w1* have comitted or done any Offence contrary to the Statute made in the xxvij,h yere of her Ma'f Raigne, intituled An Acte to retaine the Quenes Ma'f Sub'f in their due Obedience, or of any pte thereof, And all Outlawries Proceedingf and Judgementf and Executions upon the same Offencf or anie of them, for such and so longe time as they shall contynue disobedient or willfullie obstinate in anie the same Offencf: And yet nev’thelesse whensoeP the same psonnes or anie of them shall willinglie submitt themselves in their due Obedience to hir Ma"*, and will come to the Church to heare Divyne S'vice, and willinglie refuse the said wilfull Obstinacye, and conforme themselves in the said causes of Religion 8c Doctryne, and contynue in such their Conformitye 8c due Obedience to her Ma°*, accordinge as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme they oughre to doe, That then and from thenceforth all and eQy suche pson and psonnes so submittinge and yeldinge themselves in theire due Obedience towardes her Ma* and so contynueinge in the same, shall forthw"1 be receyved and enabled by force of this Act to have and enjoy the full Benefitt of this geniall Pdon, as largelie and fullie in all Respects as any other of hir Ma'f good Subjects have or ought to enjoy by vertue of this Acte of geSall Pdon : And also excepted out of this Pdon, all such psones as be and remaine still attainted or condempned, 8c not allreadie pdoned of and for anie Rebellion or levyinge of Warre, or of or for anie Conspiracie of any Rebellion or levyinge of Warre, wthin this Realme or in any other the Quenes Dominyons: And also excepted all false forginge or counterfettinge of anie Comission or Comissions to inquire of anie Landes Tenem'f or Hereditam'f, and also all false forging and counterfettinge of any untrue Certifycat or Retorne of any Commission or Comissions obtained or gotten for the of any Courte or Courts, to inquire of any Landes TeHtf or other Things whatsoever; And all and almanS falsifyinge of any pdculer or of anie Bill or Bills signed by her Ma"* after the ingrossingc thereof, and before the passinge of the same unto the Great Seale: And excepte out of this Pdon, all Offences comitted or done by any p6one or psones in new Bueldinge devydinge of Tenem'f takinge of Inmates newe Inclosures and other Nusancf in anie Place w'hin the Cittie of London and Suburbs of the same, or w"in three Myles of the said Cyttie, cont’rye to the Lawe or anie her Ma'f Proclamacfins in that behaulf made.

Extortion!, 4c. by Under Sheriffs 4c.

Rescue* of Prisoner* j

Offencetin Windsor or W alt ham Forest*.

Issues, Fine*, 4c. affered, 4c. above *06, Ice.

All other Fine* pardoned

Provi*o for duly eitreating all Fine*, Issues, 4c. whether pardoned or not,

Forfeitures on Outlawries granted liy tlse Crown,

Offence* against St. l^ Eliz. c. 2. by Je*uit*, 4c.

Offence* againat St. *3 Eliz. c. I. until Submission and Conformity of Offender*.

Person* attainted of Rebellion

Forgeric* of Inquisition*, Certificate*. Bill* aigned by the Queen, 4c.

New Erection* of Building*.


c

888

IX.

Proviso for Outlawries in Civil Actions.

X.

Defendants outlawed on Cap. ad sat. shall satisfy their Plaintiffs.

XL Exception of Persons in Execution: Purveyors acting illegally.

XII. Further Exceptions: Corruptly discharging Soldiers; Ecclesiastical Offences

Heresy, &c.

35° Eliz. e. 14. A.D. 1592


Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the aucthoride aforesaide, That it shall and maie be laufull to all and ev*y Clerke and other Officers of the Quenes Courts, to awarde and make Writtes of Capias utlagaf, at the Sute of the Ptie Plaintif, against such psonnes outlawed as be pardoned by this Acte, to thentent to compell the Defendant and Defendauntf to make aunswere to the Plaindf or Plaintiffes at whose sute he or they were outlawed ; and that ev*y pson so outlawed shall sue a Writ of Scire facias, against the Ptie or Pties at whose Sute he or they were so outlawed, before this Pdon in that behaulf shalbe allowed to him or them that so is outlawed.

Provided also and be it enacted by the aucthoride of this pnte Pliament, That this Acte of gerJall Pdon shall not in any wyse extend to anie pson outlawed uppon any Writt of Capias ad satisfaciendum, undl such rime as the pson so outlawed shall satisfie or otherwyse agree w"* the Ptie at whose Sute the same psone was so owtlawed or condempned.

Provided likewyse and be it enacted, That nether this Acte of geiJall Pdon, nor anie thinge therein contayned, shall in any wyse extend to any pson that is or shalbe put to Execuc&n at any tyme before Ten dayes after the end of this Session of Parham*; Or to pdon or dischardge any Offence or Misdemeano' comitted or done by any Purveyo' or other Taker whatsoever, in takinge or purveyinge of anie Provision whatsoever for the Quenes Housholde or otherwise to the Quenes Highnes behoof, or by pretence or colour thereof, contrarye unto or against any the Lawes or Statutf in that behaulf made or ordayned.

Provided also and be yt enacted by the aucthority aforesaide. That nether this Act nor any thinge therein contayned, shall extend to pdon or dischardge any Offence comitted or done by anie Comissioner Captaine or other Pson whatsoever in the corrupte takinge or havinge of any Money or other Gifte or Rewarde for the chaunginge releasinge or dischardginge of any Souldyer prest or appointed to s've her Ma,e in the defence of the Realme or otherwyse; or any Offence cdmitted or done by any against the Ecctiasticall State or GovWment established in this Realme, or any Heresie or Schisme in Religion whatsoever.


( 889 )

Anno 39° [& 40°] ELIZABETHS. A.D. 159T. [& 1597-8.]

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun and holden at Westminster, on the Twenty-fourth Day of October, In the THIRTY-NINTH Year, and there continued Until and upon the Ninth Day of February next following,

In the FORTIETH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH.

€x ftotulo #arltamentt De anno regnt Ctoabertje i&egtne Xriceatmomono.

In parllamento inchoato & tento apud Westni, Vicesimo quarto die Octobr Anno Regni Serenissime atq, Excellentissime Dne nre Elizabeth Dei gfa Anglie Francie & Hibnie Regine, Fidei Defensor, &c. Tricesimo nono, & ibidem continuat usq, ad & in nono die Februar, tunc px sequen, Coi olm Dnoj> tarn Spuatiu q*m Temporatiu & Coitatis consensu, & Regie Majestatis turn psentis assensu, Inactitat Ordinal & Stabilit fuerunt hec sequen Statuta. VIDEL’T. (')

PUBLIQUE ACTES.

i. An Acte againste the decaying of Townes and Howses of Husbandry.

a. An Acte for mayntenaunce of Husbandry and Tyllage.

3. An Acte for the Releife of the Poore.

4. An Acte for Punishment of Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdy Beggers.

5. An Acte for erectyng of Hospital If, or abidyng and workinge Houses for the Poore.

б. An Acte to reforme Deceiptes and Breaches of Truste touching Lands given to charitable uses.

7. An Acte for the more spedy payment of the Quenes Majesties Debtes, and for the better explanation of

the Acte made in the Thirtenth yeare of the Quenes Majesty, intituled An Acte to make the Landes Tents Goods and Chattellf of Tellors Receavers, &c. lyable to the payment of there Debtes.

8. An Acte for the Confirmacbn and Establishment of the Deprivac&n of diverse Bushopps and Deanes in the beginning of her Majestyes Reigne.

9. An Acte for the takyng away of Cleargy from Offenders agaynste a c?tayne Statute made in the Third yeare

of H. 7. con&iyng the taking away of Women againste there Wills unlawfully, ic. An Acte for the encrease of Mariners and mainten*nce of Navigac&n ; repealing a Statute made in the xxiijth yeare of her Majesties Reigne bearing the same Tytle. ii. An Acte for the better execuc&n of a Statute made in the xxiij'1' yeare of the Quenes Majestyes Reigne for the abolishing of Logwood als Blockwood in the dying of Cloath Wooll or Yarne.

1 The First Twenty-five Acts in the following List have always been printed as Chapters I. to XXV. of the Statute of this Year. Two Acts for the Subsidies of the Clergy and Temporalty, not noticed in the List nor entered on the Inrollment of this Year, have always been primed as Chapters XXVI. and XXVII. of the Statute. Chapter XXVI. is now reprinted from the Edition of the Statutes printed by the King’s Printers in 1618, usually called Rastall’s—the Original Act being missing. Chapter XXVII. is printed from the Origiual Act: Chapter XXVIII. the General Pardon, nu. 26. in the List, is printed from the Inrollment. None of the Acts contained in the List of " Pryvate Actes" are entered on the Inrollment. The Titles in the List are repeated, with some slight Variations, in the Margin of the Entries of the several Acts on the Inrollment, and are printed from them at the Head of each Chapter.

This Statute is always quoted as of the Thirty-ninth Year of Elizabeth.

Vol IV.

10 R

890

39° Eliz.

A.D. 1597-8.

13. An Acte for the Explanactin of the Statute made the Firste yeare of her Majesties Reygne, conSninge Laborers.

jj. An Explana<56n of an Acte made in the xj yeare of H. 7. for Fustians.

1.5. An Acte phibiting the bringing into this Realme of forren Cardes for Wooll.

15. An Acte that no pson robbing any Howse in the Day tyme, although no pson be therein, shall be admitted

to have the Benefitt of his Cleargy.

16. An Acte to restreyne the excessive making of Malte.

17. An Acte agaynste lewde and wandring psons ptending themselves to be Souldiours or Mariners.

18. An Acte for the revivinge contynuance explanation pfectinge and repealinge of d$se Statutes.

19. An Acte for the amendin' of Highewayes in the Countyes of Sussex Surrey and Kent.

30. An Acte againste the deceipfull stretching and tentring of Northren Cloathe.

31. An Acte for the further continuance and explanac&n of an Acte for the necessary Releife of Souldiours

Mariners, made in the XXXVth yeare of the Quenes Majestyes Reigne that now ys.

33. An Acte for the establishing of the Bushopricke of Norwiche and the Possessions of the same againste a c’tayne ptended concealed Title thereunto.

33. An Acte for the repayring of the Bridges of Newporte ft Carlion in the County of Monmouth.

34. An Acte for the erecting and buildinge of a Bridge over the Ryver of Wye at Wylton upon Wy neare the

Towne of Rosse in the County of Hereford.

35. An Acte for enlardging of the Statute made for following Hue and Cry in the xxvij,h yeare of her

Majesties Raygne; in some sorte to releive the Inhitantf of the Small Hundred of Beynershe als

Benherste in cases where they are in no voluntary Defalte, and yet are or shalbe chardged by the

same Statute, and by the two anciente Statutes, the one made in the xtij* yeare of Kinge Edward the Fyrste, thother in the xxviij'" yeare of Kinge Edward the Third, for repressing of Robberies.

36. An Acte for the Queanes Majesties moste gracious geSall and free Pardon.

pRYVATE AcTES.

1. An Acte con&unge a Lease of greate yearely value pcured to be passed from her Majesty by Wittm Kyrkham the yonger.

3. An Acte that the Lord Mountjoy may dispose of his Landes whereof he ys Tenant in tayle, as other Tenantes in tayle by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme may doe; a Private Statute made in the xxvij'’" yeare of H. 8. to the cont*ry notwithstanding.

3. An Acte for establishinge the Hospytall of Queene Elizabeth in Bristol], for the Releife of Orphanes and

Poore there.

4. An Acte for the establishment of the new Colledge of the Poore at Cobham in the County of Kente.

5. An Acte for the ConfirmaciSn & bet? Assurance and Conveyance of ?tayne Mannors Landes Tents

Heredytamentes given and intended to an Hospytall or Meason Dieu in Warwicke, fownded and established by the Earle of Leycester.

6. An Acte for naturalizinge of $tayne Englishmens Children & other borne beyond the Seas.

7. An Acte for Confirmacon of the Joynture of Christian Lady Saades.

8. An Acte for establishing the Towne Landes of Wanting in the County of Bark to the Releife of the Pore,

Amendin' of Highe Wayes, & maintayning of a Schoolemaister within the saide Towne.

9. An Acte for Arthure Hatch, her Majesties Warde, for the enjoying of the Rectory & Parsonage of

South Molton in the County of Devonshire, for &ayne yeares, reservinge the usuall Rente.

10. An Acte for Confirmac&n of the Joynture of the Lady Verney Wyfe of Sir Edmund Verney Knight.

11. An Acte for the better mayntenance & well kepinge of Stanes Bridge and Egham Causey, beinge the

Highe way from London unto the West partes of England.

13. An Acte for establishinge of the Lands given by John Bedfordf Wyll to the ppetuall repayre & amendment of the Highe wayes at Aylesbury in the Cownty of Buckinghm, according to the saide Will.

13. An Acte con&iinge the Schoole of Sevenocke.

14. An Acte for establishinge the Possessions of Sir Henry Unton Knighte, lately deceased, & for payin' of

his Debtes.

15. An Acte for establishinge a Joynture to Anne Lady Wentworth, now Wife of Willyam Pope Esquier,

& for the better enablinge of the sayde Willyam Pope to sell c?taine of his Landes for the payment of his Debtes.

LiOO

A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 1.

891

CHAPTER I.

An Acte againste the decayinge of Townes & Howses of Husbandrye.

'TXTHERE a good parte of the strengthe of this Realme consisteth in the number of good and able Subjects;

V t And whereas the decayes of Townes and Habitacftns [havel ] bene by the ancient Lawes of this Realme estemed an highe Offence; And where of late yeares more then in tymes paste there have sundrie Townes Parishes and Howses of Husbandrie bene distroyed and become desolate, by meanes whereof a greate number of poore People are become Wanderers, idle and loose, whiche is the cause of infinite Inconveniences: Be it therefore enacted by the authorise of this pPsent Parliamente, That an Acte made in the fourthe yeare of King Henrie the Seaventh, intituled An Acte againste pullinge downe and destruccbn of Howses and Townes, and all other Actes heretofore made touching the decayes of Howses of Husbandrie, for so much of ev'ie of them as do concerne the decay or reedifying of anie Townes Villages or Howses of Husbandrie, or layinge or continuing anie quantitie of Land to the same, shalbe from henceforthe utterlie repealed ; Saving onelie for all such Offences whereof and for the which there was at the firste day of this p*sent Parliament anie Accbn Bill Suite Plainte or Informac&n comenced or dependinge in her Majesties Courte of Starre Chamber or anie other her Majesties Courtes at Westminster.

And Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That ev'ie Howse that now hath or heretofore hath hadd Twentie Acres of Arrable Lande Meadowe and Pasture or more thereunto belonginge, and so occupied or letten to forme by the space of Three Yeeres togither, at anie time sithence the begyning of the Queenes Majesties Reigne that now ys, and whiche is not or hathe not bene the Castle or Dwelling Howse of anie Nobleman or Gentleman, nor the Cheife Mansion Howse of anie Mannor, is and shal be adjudged a Howse of Husbandrie for ever: And that all Acres spoken of in this Statute, shalbe adjudged Acres accordinge to the Statute or Ordinance De Pris [mesurandis. * ]

And Be it allso enacted by the aucthoriue aforesaide, if anie pson or psons Bodies Politique or Corporate at anie time since the beginning of her saide Majesties Reigne, or before seaven yeares now laste paste have decayed or wasted or willinglie suffered to be decayed or wasted anie such Howses of Husbandrie, That in ePie such Case the Offendor in that behalfe shall erecte build or repaire, upon some convenient partes of the scites where the decayes were or bene, or of the Landes to anie suche Houses heretofore belonginge, the one halfe in nomber of suche Howses so decayed or waysted, if the Offendor now hath or hereafter by the Expiracon Surrender Forfeiture or other Determinacon of such Leases or Estates as are now in Esse, shall or may have in his or there owne use or occupation so muche of the Landes whiche belonged to the same Howses or anie of them, as will suffice to lay thereof Fortie Acres of Arrable Lande Meadowe and Pasture to ev*ie of the same Howses so to be erected builded or repaired; And shall then also put to ePie of the same Howses Fortie Acres of the same Landes at the leaste, being Arrable Lande Meadowe and Pasture, convenient and fitt to be used and occupied withe the same Howses; And if the Offendor nowe hathe not, nor hereafter by the Expiration Surrender Forfeiture or Determinac&n of anie such Leases or Estates as are now in Esse shall not or may not have, so muche of the saide Landes, then the Offendor to erecte builde or repaire so manie of the same Howses before by this Acte intended to be erected builded or repayred as the same Offendor cann of the same Landes then in his or there owne use and occupation putt thereunto Fourtie Acres of Arrable Lande Meadowe and Pasture; and in suche case allso the same Offendor shall put to ev'ie such Howse so erected builded or repaired, Fourtie Acres of the same Lande at the leaste, beinge Arrable Lande Meadow and Pasture, which shalbe fitt and convenient to be used and occupied withe the same: And if anie the same decayed Howses and Scites, and the Landes thereunto heretofore belonginge or anie parte thereof be in or doe come to the possession or handes as aforesaide of anie as Heire Executor Administrator or Successor to the Offendor or otherwise as Assignee by the imediate and free Gifte of the Offendor as aforesaide, That in evie suche Case such Heire Executor Administratour Successour or Assignee, upon the Scites or some other convenient parte of the same Landes so growen or come unto him or them, and for and in respecte of so muche of the same Landes as is not before satisfied, by erectinge buildinge or repairinge of Howses of Husbandrie, and supplyinge the same withe Landes accordinge to the true interne of this Acte in that behalfe, shall erecte builde or repaire suche and so manie Howses of Husbandry in such manner and with like addic&n of Landes thereunto, as the Offendour pporcionablye should have done in the like Case by the true meaninge of this Acte: And if anie of the same wastingf or decaying^ have happened within seaven yeares now laste paste, the Offendours in that behalfe havinge now, or which hereafter by the Expiracon Surrender Forfeiture or other De?minacon of suche Leases or Estates as are now in Esse shall or may have, in his or there owne use or occupac&n so muche of the same Scite or Landes whiche belonged to the same Howse so decayed or wasted or anie of them as cann supplie e$ie of the same Houses whiche hadd before belonginge unto it under Fortie Acres, with Twentie Acres of Arrable Lande Meadow & Pasture, and ev*ie such of the same Howses whiche before hadd Fortie Acres or above belonginge unto it, withe Fortie Acres of Arrable Lande Meadow and Pasture, shall erect builde or repaire upon some convenyent parte of the Scites or Landes that belonged to the same Howses or anie of them, the whole number of the Howses so decayed or wasted; And for e$ie suche of the same Howses of Husbandrie as heretofore hadd under Fortie Acres of Arrable Lande Meadowe and Pasture belonginge to it, shall put to the Howses of Husbandrie so to be erected builded or repaired, of the Landes whiche suche Offendour hathe or shall have as aforesaide, Twentie Acres at the leaste of Arrable Lande Meadowe and Pasture fitt and convenient

1 hath 0. • mensurandis 0.

Evill resulting from Decay of Towns, See.

St.4H.VII. c. 19. and all other Acts against pulling down Houses, S. c. repealed, Stc.

11.

Definition of Houses of Husbandry.

Of the Acre

See f'ol. I. pa. 10f>.

III.

One Half of the Number of Houses of Husbandry, decayed for more than Seven Years, shall be rebuilt, and 40 Acres of Land laid to them, Sec.

All Houses decayed within Seven Years, shall be rebuilt with 40 or 20 Acres of Land laid to them.

892

39° Eliz. c. 1.

Purchasers shall rebuild One-fourth of Houses decayed on the Land purchased.

iV.

Such Houses shall be erected, Two in each Year, &c.

V.

Such Houses shall be kept in Repair, &c.

Contribution by Parties interested.

VI.

Allotting overplus Lands;

Exchanging Lauds.

VII. Proviso for new Houses built, See. in lieu of old ones.

to be used and occupied therewithe; And for ev*ie suche of the same Howses of Husbandrie so wasted and decayed as aforesaide, as had belonginge to yt Fourtie Acres of Arrable Lande Meadowe and Pasture or more, shall put to ev'ie of the same Howses so to be erected builded or repayred of the same Landes whiche suche Offendour hath or shall have as aforesaide, Fortie Acres at the leaste of Arrable Lande Meadow and Pasture fitt and convenient to be used and occupied therewithe; And if the same Ofiendour have not or shall not have as aforesaide so muche of the Landes belonging to anie of the same Howses as may therewith pforme that which is aforesaide. Then the same Offender shall erecte buylde or repaire so many onlie of the same Howses of Husbandrie as he cann, with the same Landes in the use and Occupation as aforesaide of suche Offendour, supplie the same Howses with such quandtie of

Arrable Land Meadow and Pasture as before in this Article is mentioned to be put to the same, and shall put to

e$e of the same Howses of the same Arrable Lande Meadowe and Pasture accordinglie; And if the same decayed or wasted Scites or Howses and Landes thereunto heretofore belonginge or anie parte thereof, bee in or do come to the possession or occupacon as aforesaid of anie as Heire Executor Administrator or Successor to the saide Offender laste before mencioned, or otherwise as Assignee by the ymmediate and free Gifte of the same Offender^ That in everie such Case such Heire Executor Administrator Successor or Assignee, upon some convenient parte of the same Scite or Landes so growen or come to him or them, And for and in respecte of so muche of the same Scite and Landes as is not before satisfied by erectinge buildinge or repairinge of Howses of Husbandrie and supplyinge the same with Landes accordinge to the true Interne of this Acte in that behalfe, shall erecte builde or repaire such and so manie Howses of Husbandrie, and with like addicbn of Lands thereunto as the

Offender pporcionablie should have done in like Case by the true meaninge of this Acte; And that all such as

have or shall have anie the Howses of Husbandrie decayed or wasted as is aforesaide at anie time since the beginning of her saide Majesties Reigne, or the Landes thereunto belonginge or anie parte thereof, by from or under the Offender, for Money or other Consideration, or otherwise by anie other Title then under the Offender, That in everie such Case, such so havinge suche Scites or Howses so decayed or wasted as aforesaide, and the Landes which did thereunto belonge or anie parte thereof, and not before that erected builded or repaired with Howses of Husbandrie and supplyed withe Landes accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte, shall for and in respecte of the same Lands which he or they so have, pporcionably erecte reedifie and repaire onelie the fourthe pte in number of the like Howses of Husbandrie, and with such and the like quantitie of the same Landes to be added to everie of the same Houses of Husbandrie, as is before mencioned for the Offender to doe and pforme in like Cases of decayes made within seaven yeares now last paste.

And be it allso enacted, That everie Pson Body Politique and Corporate that is to make anie ereccon buildinge or repairinge of Howses as is aforesaide, shall pforme two of the same Erecc&ns Buildings or Repairingf before the Feaste of Pentecost in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand five hundred nynety nyne, if so manie be to be done by such partie, if not then one where but one is to be done; And who is to pforme more than two shall thenceforth yearelie pforme two other of the same, until all such Erections Reedifyingf and Repayringf be fully pformed, whiche that pty is to doe and pforme by the true intent of this Acte; and as the same Howses shall from time to time be erected builded or repaired, the Landes as is aforesaide shall be put thereunto, and for suche Howses as are now standinge the Landes in manner as is aforesaide shall be put thereunto before the saide Feast of Pentecoste in the yeare aforesaide.

And be it further enacted, That all Howses of Husbandrie whiche are to be erected builded or repaired by the true intent of this Acte, and all other Howses of Husbandrie now standinge, shall from time to time for ever by the Occupiers and Possessors thereof be upholden and maintayned in good & convenient Reparac&ns, inhabitable and tenantable, and as Houses of Husbandrie in those partes; and that the Landes thereto to be put, or now belonginge as aforesaide, or asmuch in Goodnes Quantitie and Qualitie, shalbe demised with the House by the Lessor thereof, whensoever the same Howse shall be demised, without anie willinge defalt of the Lessor in that behalfe, and that the same Landes shall be used and contynued in Tillage and Husbandrie accordinge to the Statute in that behalfe; And where anie in reason or good conscience owghte to have contribution from anie other towardes the Chardges of anie the [Erecting?' ] Buildings or Repairingf aforesaide; In everie such case upon a Bill to be exhibited into the Highe Courte of Chancery by such Partie againste any Decayer or other that owghte to be contributorie to the same as aforesaide, suche Contribution shall be given and in suche sorte levied & paide as by Order of that Courte shall in that behalfe be set downe or taken.

Provided allwaies nevertheles and be yt enacted. If anie Howse of Husbandrie now standinge hath or shall have belonginge to it, or letten tiierewith, above the number of threscore Acres of Arrable Lande Meadowe or Pasture in the whole, the Overplus thereof may from time to time be added to supplie or make upp anie other Howse to be a Howse of Husbandrie of or under sortie Acres; and that for the more better and comodious occupyinge or husbandrie of anye Lands Meadowes or Pastures which shall be allotted or belonging to anie Howse of Husbandrie as is aforesaide, it shall be lawfull for anie Lord to make Exchange with anie hys Tenantf, or anie Tenant or other pson with the Assent of the Lorde to change the one with the other, withowt incurringe anie the Penalties of this Statute ; Anie Thinge in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided also, That if anie pson hath erected or hereafter shall erect anie new like Howse of Husbandrie where no Howse of Husbandrie was at anie time since the beginninge of her Majesties Reigne, with like Landes allotted or to be allotted thereunto as aforesaide and as convenient, in lieu or place of anie Howse of Husbandrie heretofore decayed

1 lirecuins 0.

Go

A.D. 1597-S

39° Eliz. c. 1,2.

893

or hereafter to be decayed, and within Two Myles thereof. That in ev^e such Case suche Howse so decayed or to be decayed, is not or shall not be repaired reedified or continued by the true intente of this Acte; so alwaies that the same Howse newlie erected or to be erected, be continued a like Howse of Husbandrie as aforesaid for ever;

And if anie pson or psons which hath buylte enie Mansion Howse fitt for the dwellinge of a Gentleman or anie pson Pro»i»o for of higher Degree, hath taken into his Handes anie Landes not excedinge the quantitie of Sixescore Acres, or Howses Gernlem™ tec. not exceeding the number of Two Howses convenient and nedefull to be imployed for maintenance of necessarie Hospitalitie and Howse keping in that Howse, such pson for such taking into his Handes or decayinge of suche Landes or Howses shall not be deemed or taken for anie Offender by this Statute.

Provided allso. That this Acte or anie Thinge therein conteyned, shall not extend to anie Parke or inclosed Grownde for Deere, or anie Landes or Howses therein, the same beinge at this p>sent chiefelie stored with or Deer-Park*, tec. imployed to Deere.

Provided allso, That this Acte or anie Thinge therein conteyned, shall not be fPjudiciall to anie beinge owte of the Realme or Infant, or of Non sane memorie, which before by this Acte oughte to reedifie erect or repaire anie Howse or Howses of Husbandry, so that ePie such pson shall yearelie next after his Retume full Age or beinge of Sane memorie, pforme therein the intent of this Acte.

And be it enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaide, That everie pson and psons Bodyes Politique and Corporate whiche shall offende in anie the pmisses, shall for everie Howse that shall not be erected builded repaired continued or maintayned in necessarie reparation tenantable accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte, by the space of one yeare, forfeite Tenn Powndes, and so yearelie Tenn Powndes untill the same shall be sufficientlie erected builded continued or repaired; And for everie Acre of Lande Meadow or Pasture which shall not be layde unto or lett with such Howses of Husbandrie, when the same shall be demised as aforesaide, shall forfeite for everie yeare he or they shall so offende, the some of Tenn Shilling? as longe & as often as such Acre shall not in those respectes be used and ordered accordinge to the intente of this Acte; whiche [ Forfeiture1 ] shall be devided into three equall partes, whereof one thirde parte to be to the Queenes Majestie her Heires & Successors, one other thirde pte to be to the use of the Poore within the Parishe where the Offence shall be comitted, to be delivered by the Order of the Courte in which the same shall be recovered, to the Churchwardens of the same Parishe withowte anie Chardge or other Warrant, and the other thirde parte to suche as will sue for the same in anie Courte of Recorde at Westminster by Acc6n Bill Plainte or Information, if anie such will sue, if not, to the Queenes Majestie her Heires and Successors, in which Suite no Essoigne Ptection or Wager of Lawe shall be allowed.

And be yt further enacted, &c. That the Justices of Assises to be holden within ev*ie Cowntie of this Realme shall have full Power and Aucthoritie to enquire of heare and dePmine all and everie the saide defaltes and Offences, to be comitted or done within the Counties where anie suche Assyses shall be kepte, upon Inquisicion Indictment Bill or Informacon to be exhibited before them.

Provided also, That no Offender shall be impeached or sued by vertue of this Acte, excepte such Suite shall be broughte and comenced within two yeares of the same Offence comitted or done, beinge psecuted by anie for himselfe and her Majestie her Heires or Successors; but in case where the saide Suite shall be brought or psecuted for her Majestie her Heires [or *] Successors onelie, then such Suite to be broughte and comenced within thre yeares of the same Offence done & cdmitted. This Acte to endure but to the ende of the nexte Session of Parliament.

1A.

Proriio for Infants, tec.

X.

Penalty on not rebuilding Houaea, j£io per Annum ; or not laying Land to them, jos. per Acre per Annum.

XI.

Justices of Assise may determine Offences.

XII.

Limitation of Prosecution, Three Years, See.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for the maintenance of Husbandrie & Tillage.

WHEREAS the Strengthe and florishinge Estate of this Kingdome hath bene allwayes and is greately upheld and advaunced by the maintenaunce of the Ploughe & Tillage, beinge the Occac&n of the increase and multiplyinge of People both for fvice in the Warres and in tymes of Peace, beinge allso a principall meane that People are sett on worke, and thereby withdrawen from Ydlenesse Drunkenesse unlawfull Games and all other lewde Practises and Condicions of Life; And whereas by the same meanes of Tyllage and Husbandrye, the greater parte of the Subjects are p*served from extreame povertie in a competente Estate of maintenance and meanes to live, and the Wealthe of the Realme is kepte dispsed and distributed in manie handes, where yt is more ready to answere all necessary Chardges for the fvice of the Realme; And whereas allso the saide Husbandrie and Tillage is a cause that the Realme doth more stande upon it selfe, withowt dependinge upon forraine Cuntries either for bringinge in of Come in tyme of scarsetye, or for vente and utterance of our owne Comodities beinge in over greate Abundance; And whereas from the xxvij yeare of Kinge Henry the Eighte of famous memory, untill the five & thirtiethe yeare of her Majesties moste happy Reigne, there was allwayes in force some Lawe whiche did ordeyne a conversion and continuance of a t?tayne quantitie and pporc&n of Lande in Tillage not to be al't’ed; and that in the laste Parliamente helde in the said five and thirtiethe yeare of her Majesties Reigne, partlie by reason of the greate plentie & cheapnes of

Adrantagei of Tillage and Husbandry

enforced by direr* Statutes, from 27 Hen. VIII. until 3 j Eliz. now discontinued.

1 Forfeitures 0.

• and 0.


ic S

894

39° Eliz. c. 2. /LD. 1597-8.

Lands converted from Tillage to Pasture shall be restored to Tillage, within Three Years.

II.

Lands now in Tillage shall be so continued.

III.

Proviso for Land fed by Sheep, &c. only to recover its Strength.

IV.

Proviso for the Course of Husbandry, 8cc.

V.

Proviso for Lands for feeding domestic Cattle, Sec.

VI.

Proviso respecting Graziers, &c.

VII.

Proviso for domestic Cattle,See. of Persons not resident at any or all of their Mansions.

Graine at that tyme within this Realme, and partely by reason of the impfecdon and obscuritie of the Lawe made in that case, the same was discontinued; since whiche dme there have growen manie more depopulac&ns, by turning Tillage into Pasture, then at anie dme for the like number of yeares heretofore: Be yt enacted by the Queene our Sovereigns Lady the Lordes Spirituall & Temporall and Comons yn this psente Parlyamente assembled and by the authoride of the same, That whereas anie Landes or Growndes at anie tyme since the seavententh of November in the firste yere of her Majesties Reigne have bene converted to Shepe Pastures or to the fattynge or grasinge of Cattel), the same Landes havinge bene dllable Landes Feildes or Growndes such as have bene used in Tillage or for Tillage by the space of Twelve Yeares togither at the leaste nexte before such conversion, according to the nature of the Soyle and course of Husbandrie used in that parte of the Country, all such Landes and Growndes as aforesaide shall before the firste day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand five hundred nynety nyne, be restored to Tillage, or layde for Tillage in suche sorte as the whole Grownde accordinge to the nature of that Soile and course of Husbandrie used in that parte of the Countrie be within three yeares at the leaste turned to Tillage by the Occupiers and Possessours thereof, and so shall be contynued for ever.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforsaide, That all Landes & Growndes which now are used in Tillage or for Tillage, having bene tillable Landes Feildes or Growndes, such as nexte before the firste day of this Psente Parliamente have bene by the space of Twelve Yeares togither at the leaste used in Tillage or for Tillage, accordinge to the nature of the Soyle & course of Husbandrie used in that parte of the Countrie, shall not be converted to any Shepe Pasture or to the grazinge or fattinge of Cattell by the Occupiers or Possessors thereof, but shall, accordinge to the nature of that Soyle and course of Husbandry used in that parte of the Countrie, continue to be used in Tillage or for Tillage for Come or Graine, and not for Woade.

Provided neverthelesse, That if anie Pson or Body Pollitique or Corporate hath since the seavententh of November aforesaide laide or hereafter shall lay anie Grownde to graze, or hathe used or shall use the same Grounde with Shepe or anie other Cattell, which Grownde hathe bene or shall be dryven or wome owte with Tillage, onely upon good Husbandrie, and with interne bona fide withowt Fraude or Covyne the same Grownde shall recover Harte and Strengthe, and not withe intent to continue the same otherwise in Shepe Pasture, or for fattinge or grazinge of Cattell, that no suche Pson or Body Politike or Corporate shall be intended for that Grownde a converter within the meaninge of this Lawe.

Provided allso. That if anie such Occupier or Possesser of Grownde as aforesaide, hathe broke upp converted or laide for the, or shall breake upp converte or lay forth into Tillage anie other Grounde not liable to this p*sente Lawe as aforesaide, and lyinge within the same Parishe Towne Hamlett or Lordshippe, or within two myles of the same Lande formerly tilled, that for such quantitie onlie and for so longe time as he hath soe done or contynued, or shall so doe or continue, he shall not incurre anie Penalty conteyned in this Acte, but that it shall be lawfull for anie suche Occupyer or Possessor, at his Liberty and Pleasure and accordinge to his beste Comodity and Husbandry, to change and alter from tyme to tyme suche Grownde put or to be put in Tillage, so that every such Occupier doe kepe the some or totall of the quantitie or pporc&n of his Growndes lyinge within the same Parishe Towne Hamlett or Lordshippe or within two myle of the same Lande formerly tilled in Tillage as aforesaide.

Provided allso, That this Acte shall not extende to anie Grownde that anie Pson Body Politique or Corporate hath turned or shall turne from Tillage to Pasture for the onely maintenance or kepinge of his or their owne Horses Geldingf Mares or Draughte Oxen, or the Horses Geldingf or Mares of his or theyre owne Familie, or others cominge to his or there Howse, or for the maintenance or kepinge of Kyne Shepe or other Cattell for the onely Victuallf to be spente in his or theyre Howses, or for the nedefull & necessary soylinge of his or their tillable Landes.

Provided neverthelesse, That no psons that shall comonly feed and sell yearely Beeves and Muttons to a greater number then he or they shall yearely spende in Victuall in his or their Mansion Howse or Howses, and more then shall growe or be nedefull to be culled owte, or in respecte of the necessary Stockes for inayntenance of Howse kepinge, & soylynge the tillable Landes as aforesaide, or that be a comon fatter of Beeves or Muttons, or anie of them as a common Grasier or Shepemaister, to be comonly sold in Markettf and Faires or to the comon Butchers, other then in respecte of the necessarie Stockes aforesaide, shall be taken expounded or understood? to be such pson or psons Bodies Politique or Corporate, as by this Pviso last above mencioned may kepe anie Grownde or Pasture whole and not converted into Tillage for the maintenance and kepinge Kyne Shepe or other Cattell for the onely Victuall to be spente in their owne Howses, or for the nedefull soylinge of there tillable Landes, but bene and shall be excepted owte of the same Pviso ; Anie Thinge in the same Pviso (' ) to the contrary notwithstandinge.

And whereas it is mencioned that this Acte or anie (*) therein conteyned, shall not extende to be fpjudiciall to any pson or psons Bodyes Politique or Corporate, for the kepinge of any Grownde in Pasture for the onelye maintenance & keping of his or there Horses Mares Geldingf or Draughte Oxen, or for the maintenance and keping of Kyne and other Cattle for the onely pvision and victuallinge of his or their Mansion or Dwellinge Howse or Howses: Be yt declared and enacted by the authoride aforesaide. That if it shall fortune anie suche pson or psons to be absent and not residente at or upon his or theyre usuall Mansion or Dwellinge Howse or Howses with his Family or Howseholde, for and by occac&n of 9vice or Attendance to be done by anie such pson or psons, by the expresse Comaundement of

1 conteyned O.

• thing 0.

i


0



t

il

i!


ft

it

i * pi

d

is

'*

a

a,


a®

ii

n

m


a

ii

ad

U

h

n

ib

h

ad

kt

i0


S

4

*1




1

V, -■ 'O i

A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 2.

895

k.

s

t*

IV


Vv

h

kfc

4*

kfV


h



k

i

I

the Queenes Majestie her Heires [and' ] Successors, within the Realme or withowt, or else havinge two or thre Mansion or Dwelling Howses, shalbe residente & dwellinge with his Famyly, but at one of them, or shall be within age; That then duringe and for the time of such 9vice Attendance Mynority and Absence and one yeare next after, or duringe and for the tyme that he or they shall be residente or dwellinge with his Famyly, but at or upon one of his Dwellinge Howses, he or they shall and may kepe such Growndes in Pasture, belonginge or usually occupied withe anie of the saide two or three Howses, and with no more, or others in his or there owne Handes or Occupacttn, or lett it owte to anie other pson or psons, withowt incurringe of anie Danger or Forfeyture by vertue of this Acte; So that the same pson or psons shall & doe kepe the same Mansion and Dwellinge Howse or Howses unletten, in good and sufficyent Reparaeons, and mete and convenyent for him or them to repaire and resorte unto at all tymes for his and there Dwellinge and Abode ; Anie Thinge in this Acte to the contrarye thereof notwithstandinge.

And be yt enacted by the aucthority aforesaide, That if anie Pson or Body Politique or Corporate shall offende againste the p>misses, every suche Pson or Body Polytique or Corporate so offendinge shall loose and forfeyte for every Acre not restored or not contynued as aforesaide, the some of Twenty shillingf for every yeare that he or they so offende ; and that the saide Penaltyes or Forfeitures shalbe devided in three equall partes, whereof one thirde parte to be to the Queenes Majestie her Heires and Successors to her and there owne use, [and9 ] one other thirde parte to the Queenes Majestie her Heires and Successors for Releife of the Poore in the Parishe where the Offence shall be comitted, if anie such be, to be delivered by Warrante of the principall Officers in the Receipte of the Exchequer, withowt further Warrant from her Majestie her Heires & Successors, and the other thirde parte to such pson as will sue for the same in anie Courte of Recorde at Westminster, by Accon of Debte Bill Playnte or Informacon in whiche Suite no Essoigne Ptection or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed.

VIII. Penalty, ios. per Acre per Annum.

V

nr

it

tat

c

M

c


i

i


I

And be yt further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That the Justicf of Assise or Justicf of the Peace in every County within this Realme at the Assises or Quarter or Genlall Sessions, shall have full power and aucthoritie by vertue of this Acte to enquire heare & de9myne all and every the defaltes & offences comitted or done contrarie to this Acte, within the County where anie suche Assises or Sessions shalbe kepte, by Inquisic&n p'sentment Indictment Bil or Informacon, or by anie of the same Wayes or Meanes; and upon the Convicd&n of the Offender by Informacon or Suyte of anie other then her Majestie her Heires & Successors, to make Extractes of one thirde parte of the Forfeytures to be levyed for the Queenes Majestie her Heires & Successors as they use to doe of other Fynes yssues & AiSciamentes growen in the Sessions of Peace, and to awarde execuc&n of the two other thirde Partes, the one for the Complaynante or Informer, & the other to the Poore by the discrec&n of the Justices of Peace at the GeSall Sessions, againste the Offender by Fieri facias 8t Capias, as her Majesties Justicf at Westminster may doe & use to doe; and if anie suche ConvicctSn shall hereafter happen to be at her Majesties Suyte onelie, that then the Forfeytures to be extracted & levyed for her Majesty her Heirs and Successors to the uses aforesaide.

And it is allso further enacted, That if anie pson shall hereafter be punished by vertue of this Acte for anie Thinge mencioned in this Acte, that then the same pson shall not otherwise be vexed trowbled sued or put to anie Payne or Punishment for the Thinge wherefore he or they shall have bene so punished.

Provided allso. That no Offenders shall be impeached or sued by virtue of this Acte, excepte such Suite shall be broughte and cdmenced within Two yeares of the same Offence comitted or done, in case where the saide Suite shall be broughte & psecuted in name of anie Informer ; and in case the same Suite shalbe broughte & psecuted in her Majesties name, or in the name of her Heires or Successors, then such Suite to be broughte & comenced within three yeares of the Offence done & comitted.

Provided allso, that no Lande compellable to be put in Tillage by vertue of this Acte shall be demed or adjudged a breache or forfeyture of anie Covenante Bonde or Condition betwene any psons whatsoever; Neither that anie pson that shal be compelled to putt and converte anie Landes into Tillage by vertue of this Acte, shall therefore incurre anie penalty or pjudice collaterall or other, whether it be of Augmentacbn of Rents, givynge of anie Recompence or Consideration, or the like, but shall be in Lawe dischardged of every such Lymitac&n Covenant Condic&n or Agreamente.

Provided neverthelesse, That this Acte shall not extende to anie Pasture Heath Downes waste or barren Growne, whiche hath not heretofore bene comonly used to be eared or tilled for Come, and whiche is not meete and stronge enoughe to be contynued still in Tillage, accordinge to the nature of the Soyle and custome of the Cuntrie, nor to any Comons Fennes Moores Mosses, nor to any Marshes beinge usually overflowen with Water at any time of the yeare, nor to any Marshes or Growndes recovered & ynned, and which are or shall be so kepte and contynued by chardge of Banckes, nor to any Parke or Parkes Warren or Warrens, nor to any inclosed Grownde now used with Deere or Conyes, or which hereafter by licence from her Majesty her Heires or Successors, with sufficyente Clause of Dispensation mentioninge this Acte, shall be princypally bestowed and ymployed to the maintenance of Deere & Conyes, withowte Fraude or Covyn, nor to any Meadowes, nor to any Wood Grounds, nor to any Orchard Gardeyne Poole or Pondyarde, nor to any Growndes sette or sowen with Saffron Hoppes Garlicke Onyons or other such Gardeyne Rootes meete for Victuall, nor to any Plotte or Soyle whereupon any Howse or Teiite habitable ys erected, & the C.urtilagf Yardes and Backsides thereof, nor to any Grownde occupyed or lett with any Teiite being under the quantity of Twenty Acres, as longe as such Teiitf shall be contynued not decayed, nor to

IX.

Justicei uf Assise, &c. may determine Offences.

X.

Persona punished under this Act freed from other Penalties.

XI. Limitation of Prosecution, Three Years, &c.

XII.

Covenants against this Act shall not be enforced.

XIII. Proviso for Heaths, Commons, Moors, Parks, Meadows, Woods, Orchards, &c. not annually tilled, Arc.

896 39° Eliz. c. 2, 3. A.D. 1597-8.

any Growndes wherein any Oare Leade Tynne Yron, Coale comonly called Sea Coale Stone Coale or Moore Coale, ys comonly gotte, all whiche to be intended duringe such tyme onely as all & every the Growndf aforesaide shall be used or put to the uses & intentf above specifyed; Any Thinge in this Acte to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Coney Warrens. Provided allwayes, That this laste <Pviso shall not give any Benefitte Advantage or Lifoty to any pson or pGons •which have converted or imployed, or hereafter shall convene or imploy any more Grownde to the kepinge of Conyes, not beinge lawfull Warren, then Tenne Acres at the moste, and the same to be within one Myle of his Dwellinge Howse.

XIV •

To what Counties Provided allso, That this Acte shall not extende to any Countyes within this Realme of Englande, but such onely

dPla^ythi. as shall be hereafter specifyed ; that is to say, the Counties of Northampton Leycester Warwicke Buckinham Bedford c ' ‘ Oxforde Berkshire the Isle of Wighte Glocester Woorcester Nottingham Hampshire Wiltshire Sofisett Dorsett Derby

Rutland Lincoln Hereford Cambridge Huntingdone Yorke Pembroke in South Wales, & the Bushopricke of Durham, & Northumberlande, & the Counties of all Cities & Corpora cons lyinge situate & beinge within the Counties aforesaide, or confyninge to the same, & the Aynsty of the County of the City of Yorke: [ Provided allwayes, That neither this Acte nor any Thing therein conteyned shall extend to any Grownde now converted from Tillage to Meadowe or Pasture, lyinge within two myles of the greate Roade way called Watling Strete leadinge from the Towne of Dunstable in the County of Bedford t^wardes Westchester, so that the same Grownde be not above Five myles from the Parishe Churche of Dunstable, nor within two myles thereof. * ]

Continuance of Act. This Acte to endure to the end of the next Session of Parliament.

Churchwardens and Four Overseers, to be appointed by Justices of Peace yearly in Easter Week, shall employ Children and Paupers, and raise Money for Stocks of Hemp, See. and for Relief of impotent Poor, and putting Children Apprentice, See.;

shall meet every Month i

and shall account to their Successors;

Penalty for every Neglect, aos.

11.

Parishes may be rated in Aid of others.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte for the Releife of the Poore.

BE yt enacted by the Aucthority of this psente Parlyamente, That the Churchwardens of every Parishe, and sower substandall Howsholders there beinge Subsidy men, or for wante of Subsidy men sower other substanciall Howseholders of the saide Parishe, who shall be noiated yearely in Easter Weeke, under the Hande and Seale of two or more Justicf of the Peace in the same Cownty, whereof one to be of the Quorum, dwellinge in or neare the same Parishe, shall be called Overseers of the Poore of the same Parishe; & they or the greater parte of them shall take Order from tyme to tyme by and with the Consent of two or more such Justicf of Peace for settinge to worke of the Children of all such whose Parents shall not by the saide psons be thought able to kepe and maytaine their Children, And allso all such psons maryed or unmaryed as havinge no meanes to mayntayne them, use no ordinary & dayly Trade of life to gett there lyvinge by; & allso to rayse wekely or otherwise (by Taxafon of every Inhabitant & every Occupyer of Landes in the saide Parishe in such competent sume and sumes of Money as they shall thinke fitt) a convenyent Stocke of Flaxe Hempe Wooll Threed Iron & other necessary Ware & Stuffe to sett the Poore on worke, & allso competent sumes of Money for and towardes the necessary Releife of the lame ympotente olde blynde and such other amonge them beinge poore & not able to worke, and allso for the puttinge owte of such Children to be Apprentices, to be gathered owte of the same Parishe accordinge to the Ability of the saide Parishe; and to do and execute all other thinges aswell for the disposinge of the saide Stocke as otherwise con&iinge the pmisses, as to them shall seme convenyent: Whiche saide Churchwardens & Overseers so to be noiated, * J such of them as shall not be lett by sickenes or other juste excuse to be allowed by such two Justicf of Peace or more, shall mete togither at the leaste once everie Moneth in the Churche of the saide Parishe, upon the Sonday in the Afternone after Divyne fvice, there to consider of some good course to be taken, & of some mete Orders to be sett downe in the phnisses; and shall within sower dayes after the ende of there yeare, and after other Overseers noiatede as aforesayde, make & yealde upp to such two Justicf of Peace a true & pfect Accompte of all sumes of Money by them receaved or rated & sessed 8c not receaved, and allso of such Stocke as shall be in there Handes or in the Handes of any of the Poore to worke, and of all other things conc?nynge there saide Office, & suche sume or somes of Money as shall be in their Handes, shall pay & deliver over to the saide Churchwardens & Overseers newly noiated and appoynted as aforesaide: upon payne that every one of them absentinge themselves withowte lawfull cause as aforesaide from such monethly Metinge for the purpose aforesaide, or beinge necligent in there Office, or in the Execucftn of the Orders aforesaide, beinge made by and with the Assent of the sayde Justices of Peace, to forfeyte for every such defalt Twenty Shillingf.

And be yt allso enacted, That if the saide Justices of Peace doe pceyve that the Inhabitantes of any Parishe are not able to levy among themselves suSycient sdmes of Money for the purposes aforesayde, That then the sayde Justicf shall & may taxe rate and assesse as aforesaid any other of other Parishes, or owte of any Parishe within the Hundred where the sayde Parishe ys, to pay such some & somes of Money to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the sayde poore Parishe for the saide Purposes, as the saide Justices shall thinke fitt, accordinge to the intente of this Lawe; And if the sayde Hundred shall not be thoughte to the sayd Justices able & fitt to releive the saide sev’all Parishes not able to pvyde for themselves as aforesayde, then the Justices of Peace at there

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* or 0.


A.D. 1597-S-

39° Eliz. c. 3.

897

ge&ll Quarter Sessions or the greater nomber of them, shall rate & assesse as aforesaide, anye other of other Parishes, or owte of any Parishe within the sayde County for the Purposes aforesayde, as in their discrec&n shall seme fitt.

And that it shall be lawfull for the sayde Churchwardens & Overseers or any of them by Warrant from any such two Justices of Peace to levy as well the sayde sdmes of Money of every one that shall refuse to contribute accordinge as they shall be assessed, by Distres & Sale of the Offenders Goodes, as the sumes of Money or Stocke which shall be behinde upon any Accompte to be made as aforesayde, rendring to the Party the Overplus; & in defecte of such Distres, it shall be lawfull for any such two Justices of the Peace to comit him to Prison, there to remayne withowt Bayle or Maynprise till payment of the sayde Some or Stocke; And the sayde Justices of Peace or any one of them to sende to the Howse of Correcc&n such as shall not ymploy themselves to worke beinge appoynted thereunto as aforesayde; And allso anie two such Justices of Peace to comitt to Prison every one of the sayde Churchwardens & Overseers which shall refuse to accompte, there to remayne withowt Bayle or Maynprise, till he have made a true Accompte and satisfied and payde so much as upon the sayde Accompte shall be remayninge in his Handes.

And be yt further enacted, That it shall be lawfull for the sayde Churchwardens & Overseers or the greater parte of them, by the Assent of any two Justices of the Peace, to bynde any such Children as aforesayde to be Apprentises where they shall se convenyent, till such Man child shall come to the Age of sower and twenty yeares, and such Woman childe to the Age of one and twenty yeares; the same to be as effectuall to all purposes as if suche Childe were of full Age and by Indenture of Covenant bownde him or her selfe.

And to the intente that necessary places of Habitation may more convenyently be pvided for such poore ympotente people, Be yt enacted by the Aucthority aforesaide, That yt shall & may be lawfull for the saide Churchwardens & Overseers or the greater parte of them, by the leave of the Lorde or Lordes of the Mannor whereof any Waste or Comon within their Parishe ys or shall be parcell, and upon Agreamente before with hym or them made in Writinge under the Handes & Seales of the saide Lorde or Lordes, or otherwise accordinge to any Order to be sett downe by the Justices of Peace of the sayde County at their geffall Quarter Sessions or the greater parte of them, by like Leave Sc Agreamente of the sayde Lorde or Lordes in Writinge under his or their Handes & Seales, to erect buylde & sett upp in fitt and convenyent Places of Habitac&n in such Waste or C5mon, at the geSall Chardges of the Parishe or otherwise of the Hundred or County as aforesayde, to be taxed rated & gathered in Manner before expressed, convenyent Howses of Dwellinge for the sayde ympotent Poore; And allso to place Inmates or more Famylies then one in one Cottage or Howse; One Acte made in the one & thirtyeth yeare of her Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte againste the erectinge and mayntayninge of Cotages, or any Thinge therein conteyned to the cont*ry notwithstandinge.

Provided allwayes, That yf any pson or psons shall fynde themselves greaved with any Sesse or Taxe or other Acte done by the saide Churchwardens and other psons or by the sayde Justices of Peace, that then yt shall be lawfull for the Justices of Peace at their geniall Quarter Sessions or the greater nomber of them, to take suche Order therein as to them shall be thoughte convenyente, and the same to conclude & bynde all the sayde partyes.

And be yt further enacted, That the Parents or Children of every poore olde blynde lame & impotent pson or other poore pson not able to worke, beinge of sufficyent Ability, shall at their owne Chardges releive & maintayne every such poore p6on, in that manner & accordinge to that Rate, as by the Justices of Peace of that County where such sufficyent psons dwell or the greater nomber of them at there geniall Quarter Sessions shall be assessed; upon payne that every one of them to forfeit xx s. for every monethe which they shall fayle therein.

And be yt further hereby enacted, That the Maiors Bayliffes or other Heade Officers of every Corporate Towne within this Realme beinge Justice or Justicf of Peace, shall have the same Aucthority by vertue of this Acte within the lymittf & jpcynctf of their Corporac&ns, aswell owte of Sessions as at there Sessions, as is herein limitted p'scribed & appointed to any of the Justicf of Peace in the County for all the uses & purposes in this Acte pscribed, & no other Justice of Peace to enter or meddle there.

And be yt allso enacted, That if it shall happen anie Parishe to extende yt selfe into moe Counties then one, or parte to lye within the Libties of anie Citye or Towne Corporate and part withowt, That then aswell the Justicf of Peace of every County, as allso the Heade Officers of such Citye or Towne Corporate, shall deale & intermeddle only in so muche of the saide Parishe as lyeth within there Libty & not any further.

And be yt further enacted by the Aucthority aforesaide. That from the firste day of November nexte ensewinge the ende of this Session of Parliamente, no pson or psons whatsoever, shall goe wandringe abroade & begge in any place whatsoever, by Licence or withowte, upon payne to be esteamed taken & punyshed as a Rogue: Provided allwayes. That this psent Acte shall not extende to any poore people which shall aske Releife of Victuallf only in the same Parishe where such poore people do dwell, so the same be in such tyme only & accordinge to such Order & Direction as shall be made & appoynted by the Churchwardens & Overseers of the Poore oi the same Parishe accordinge to the true intente & meaning of this Acte.

Vox.. IV.

io T

hi.

Rates, See. mar be levied by Dittreu.

Justices may commit Offenders, and Overseers refusing to account.

y

IV.

Churchwardens, See. may bind poor Children Apprentice.

V.

Houses,&c. may be erected on Wastes for Residence of Poor; or Cottages appropriated to Inmates.

S« 31 Eliz. c. 7.

VL

Appeal against Rates to the Quarter Sessions.

VH.

Parents or Children shall maintain their Relations; Penalty, xos. per Month.

VJII. Mayors, See. shall execute this Act in Corporations.

IX.

Parishes in Two Counties, &c.

X.

All Beggars declared Rogues. Exceptions.

898

XI.

Penalties applied to Use of the Pcx

XU.

Ratea to be levied in every Parish.

XIII.

Such Ratea shall be applied to Priaonera in the King'a Bench and Marshalsea, and to Hospitals, Alms-Houses, kc. to be collected by Churchwardens, and paid to High Constable, and by him to the Treasurer of the Justices, &c.

XIV. Surplus of Stock shall be applied to Hospitals, &c.

XV.

Fine on Treasurer for Neglect, &c.

XVI. Proviso for Soldiers and Mariners asking Relief.

39° Eliz. c. 3. A.D. 1597-8.

And Further be yt enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That all Penaltyes and Forfeytures before menc&ned in r. this Acte shall goe and be ymployed to the use of the Poore of the same Parishe, & towardes a Stocke & Habitacftn for them and other necessary uses 8c releife, as before in this Acte are mencioned & exp'ssed, & shall be levyed by the saide Churchwardens 8c Overseers or one of them, by Warrant from anie two such Justicf of Peace, by Distresse 8c Sale as aforesaide; or in defecte thereof, it shall be lawfull for any two such Justicf of Peace to c5mit the Offender to Prison, there to remaine withowte Baile or Maineprise till the saide Forfeitures shall be satisfied 8c paide.

And Forasmuch as all begginge is forbidden by this fdsent Acte; Bn yt further enacted by the Aucthority aforesaide, That the Justicf of Peace of every County or Place Corporate, or the more parte of them in their gefiall Sessions to be holden nexte after the ende of this Session of Parliamente, or in defalte thereof at the Quarter Sessions to be holden abowte the Feaste of Easter nexte, shall rate everie Parishe to suche a weekely some of Money as they shall thinke convenyente, so as no Parishe be rated above the sume of vj d. nor under the sume of an Halfe penny wekely to be paide, 8c so as the totall sume of such Taxac&n of the Parishes in every County amounte not above the Rate of Two pence for every Parishe in the saide County; whiche somes so taxed shall be yearely assessed by the Agreament of the Parishioners within themselves, or, in defalte thereof, by the Churchwardens 8c Constables of the same Parishe or the more parte of them, or in defalte of their Agreamente, by the Order of such Justice or Justicf of Peace as shall dwell in the same Parishe, or (if none be there dwellinge) in the partes nexte adjoyninge: And if anie pson shall refuse or neclecte to pay any such porc&n of Money so taxed, it shall be lawfull for the saide Churchwardens 8c Constables, or in there defaltf for the Justicf of the Peace, to levye the same by Distresse 8c Sale of the Goods of the party so refusinge or neclectinge, rendringe to the party the Overplus, 8c in defalte of such Distresse, it shall be lawfull to any Justice of that Lymitte to comitt such psons to Prison, there to abide withowte Bayle or Mainprise till he have paide the same.

And be yt allso enacted, That the saide Justicf of the Peace at there geSall Quarter Sessions to be holden at the tyme of such Taxa£6n, shall sett downe what competent sume of Money shall be sente quarterly owte of every Cownty or Place Corporate for the Releife of the poore Prisoners of the Kings Benche and Marshalsey, and also of such Hospitallf 8c Aimes Howses as shalbe in the saide County, 8c what sdmes of Money shall be sente to every one of the saide Hospitallf 8c Aimes Howses, so as there be sente otwe of every County yearely Twenty Shillingf at the leaste to the (') Prisoners of the Kings Benche 8c Marshalsey; which sumes ratably to be assessed upon every Parish, the Churchwardens of every Parishe shall truly collect 8c pay over to the Highe Constable in whose Division such Parishe shall bee scituate, from time to time quarterly, tenn dayes before the ende of every Quarter; 8c every such Constable at every such Quarter Sessions in such Cownty, shall pay over the same to two such Justicf of the Peace, or to one of them, as shall be by the more pte of the Justicf of Peace of the County elected to be

Treasorers of the saide Colleccbn ; whiche Treasurers in every County so chosen shall contynue but for the Space

of one whole yeare, and then give upp there Chardge with a due Accompte of their Receptes and Disbursements at there Meeting in the Quarter Sessions to be holden after the Feaste of Easter in every yeare, to such others as shall from yeare to yeare in forme aforesaide, successively be elected; which saide Treasurers or one of them shall

paye over the same to the Lorde Chiefe Justice of Englande 8c Knighte Marshall for the tyme beinge equally to be

devided to the use aforesaide, takinge there Acquittancf for the same, or in defalte of the saide Cheife Justice, to the nexte auncyenteste Justice of the Kings Benche as aforesaide: And if any Churchwarden or Highe Constable or his Executours or Administratours shall fayle to make payment in forme above specified, then every Churchwarden his Executors or Admynystrators so offendinge shall forfeite for every time the some of Tenn Shillingf; and every Highe Constable his Executors or Admynistrators shall forfeyte for every tyme the sume of Twenty Shillingf; the same Forfeytures, togither with the somes behynde, to be levyed by the saide Treasurer 8c Treasurers by way of Distres 8c Sale of the Goods as aforesaide in forme aforesaide, 8c by them to be ymployed towardes the charitable uses comprised in this Acte.

And be yt further enacted, That all the surplusage of Money which shall be remayninge in the saide Stocke of any County, shall by discretion of the more pte of the Justicf of Peace in there Quarter Sessions, be ordered distributed 8c bestowed for the Releife of the poore Hospitallf of that County, and of those that shall sustayne Losses by Fire Water the Sea or other Casualtyes, 8c to suche other Charitable purposes for the Releife of the Poore, as to the more pte of the saide Justicf of Peace shall seme convenyente.

And be yt further enacted, That if any Treasurer shall willfully refuse to take upon him the saide Office of Treasurershipp or refuse to distribute 8c give Releife accordinge to such forme as shall be apoynted by the more parte of the saide Justicf of Peace, That then it shall be lawfull for the Justicf of Peace in there Quarter Sessions, or in there defalte for the Justicf of Assize at the Assizes to be holden in the same County, to fyne the same Treasurer by there discrec&n; the same Fine to be levyed by sale of his Goods, 8c to be psecuted by any two of the saide Justicf of Peace whome they shall authorize.

(*) Provided allwayes neverthelesse. That every Souldiour beinge discharged of his /vice, or otherwise lawfully lycensed to passe into his Country, 8c not havinge wherewith to releave himselfe in his Travel! homewardes,

8t every Seafarynge Man landinge from Sea, not havinge wherewith to releave himselfe in his Travell

* (aide O. • This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


A.D. 1597-&-

39° Eliz. c.3, 4.

899

homewardes, havinge a Testymonyall under the hande of some one Justice of Peace of or neare the Place where he was landed or was dischardged, settinge downe therein the place & tyme where Sc when he landed or was discharged. Sc the place of the Pties dwellinge place or byrthe unto which he ys to passe, Sc a convenyent tyme to be lymited therein for his passage, shall & may, withowte incurringe the danger or penalty of this Acte, in the usuall wayes directly to the place unto whiche he ys directed to passe, and within the tyme in such his Testymonyall lymitted for his passage, aske Sc receive such Releife as shall be necessary in & for his passage; This Acte or any Thinge therein conteyned to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provided allwayes, That this Acte shall endure no longer then to the ende of the nexte Session of Parlyament.

CHAPTER IV.

Am Acte for punyshment of Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdy Beggars.

FOR the suppressing of Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdy Beggars, Be it enacted by the auctority of this p>sent Pliament, That from and after the Feaste of Easter next cominge, all Statutf heretofore made for the punyshment of Rogues Vagabondf or Sturdy Beggers, or for the erecc&n or maynten*nce of Howses of Correcc&n, or towching the same, shall for so much as con&ieth the same be utterly repealed : And that from and after the said Feaste of Easter, from tyme to tyme it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Justicf of Peace of any County or Citty in this Realme or the Domynyons of Wales, assembled at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace within the same County Citty Borough or Towne Corporate, or the more part of them, to set downe order, to erecte and to cause to be erected one or more Howses of Correcc&n within their sePall Countyes or Cittyes; for the doing and pforming whereof, and for the pvyding of Stocks of Money and all other Things necessary for the same, and for raysing and governing of the same, and for Correccbn and Punyshment of Offendors thither to be comitted, such orders as the same Justicf or the more part of them shall from tyme to tyme take reforme or set downe in any their said Quarter Sessions in that behalfe shalbe of force and be duely pformed and put in Execucbn.

And be it also further enacted by the auctority aforesaid. That all psons calling themselves Schollers going about begging, all Seafaring-men ptending losses of their Shippes or Goods on the Sea going about the Country begging, all idle psons going about in any Cuntry eyther begging or using any subtile Crafte or unlawfull Games and Playes, or fayning themselves to have knowledge in Phisiognomye Palmestry or other like crafty Scyence, or ptending that they can tell Destenyes Fortunes or such other like fantasticall Ymagynacons; all psons that be or utter themselves to be Proctors Pcurors Patent Gatherers or Collectors for Gaoles Prisons or Hospitallf; all Fencers Bearewardf comon Players of Enterludf and Minstrellf wandring abroade, (other then Players of Enterludf belonging to any Baron of this Realme, or any other honorable Psonage of greater Degree, to be auctoryzed to play, under the Hand and Seale of Armes of such Baron or Psonage); all Juglers Tynkers Pedlers and Petty Chapmen wandring abroade; all wandering psons and comon Labourers being psons able in bodye using loytering and refusing to worcke for such reasonable Wages as is taxed or comonly gyven in such Parts where such psons do or shall happen to dwell or abide, not having lyving otherwyse to maynteyne themselves; all psons delivered out of Gaoles that begg for their Fees, or otherwise do travayle begging ; all such psons as shall wander abroade begging ptending losses by Fyre or otherwise; and all such psons not being Fellons wandering and ptending themselves to be Egipcyans, or wandering in the Habite Forme or Attyre of counterfayte Egipcians ; shalbe taken adjudged and deemed Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdy Beggers, and shall susteyne such Payne and Punyshment as by this Acte is in that behalfe appointed.

And be it enacted by thauctority aforesaid. That e9y pson which is by this psente Acte declared to be a Rogue Vagabonde or Sturdy Begger, which shalbe at any tyme after the said Feast of Easter next comynge taken begging vagrant wandering or mysordering themselves in any part of this Realme or the Domynion of Wales, shall uppon their apphension by thappoyntment of any Justice of the Peace Constable Hedborough or Tythingman of the same County Hundred Pish or Tything where suche pson shalbe taken, the Tythingman or Headborow being assisted therein with thadvise of the Minister and one other of that Parrish, be stripped naked from the middle upwardf and shall be openly whipped untill his or her body be bloudye, and shalbe forthwith sent from Parish to Parish by the Officers of every the same, the nexte streighte way to the Parish where he was borne, if the same may be knowen by the Partyes Confession or otherwyse ; and yf the same be not knowen, then to the Parish where he or she last dwelte before the same Punyshment by the space of one whole yeare, there to put him or her selfe to labour as a true Subject ought to do; or not being knowen where he or she was borne or last dwelte, then to the Parish through which he or she last passed without Punyshment; After which whipping the same person shall have a Testymonyall subscribed with the Hande and sealed with the Seale of the same Justice of the Peace Constable Headborough or Tythingman and of the Minister of the same Pish, or any two of them, testyfyeng that the same pson hath bene punyshed according to this Acte, and meneftning the day and place of his or her Punyshment, and the place whereunto such pson is lymitted to go, and by what tyme the said pson is lymitted to passe thither at his pill. And yf the said pson through his or her defaulte do not accomplysh the order appointed by the said Testymonyall, then to be eftsoones taken and whipped, and so as often as any defaulte shalbe founde in him or her cont'ry to the forme of this Statute, in every place


XVII. Continuance of Act.

Former Acts aa to Vagabonds,

Itc. repealed.

Justices in Sessions shall make Orders for erecting and maintaining Houses of Correction.

II. Definition of Rogues, Vagabonds, and Sturdy Beggars.

III.

All such Vagabonds, Ac. found begging, shall be whipped and passed to the Parish of their Birth or last Residence, Ac. or sent to the House of Correction, &c.

900

39° Eliz. c. 4.

A.D. 1 597-8.

IV.

Dingeroui Rogun may oe committed to Gaol, and banished out of the Realm, and conveyed to Places assigned by the Privy Council; and returning shall be Felons without Clergy.

V.

Penalty on Constables, &c. for Neglect, to*.

on Persons obstructing this Act, s£j, dec.

VI.

Penalty on bringing Vagabonds from Scotland, Ireland, or Man, 2os. per Head, and the Vagabonds shall be whipped and transported back.

VII. Regulations for diseased Poor resorting to Bath and Buxton.

to be whipped, till such pson be repaired to the place lymitted; The Substance of which Testymonyall shalbe registered by the Minister of the Parish in a Booke to be pvided for that purpose, uppon payne to forfeite Five shillingf for every defaulte thereof: And the party so whipped and not knowen where hee or she was borne or last dwelte by the space of a yeare, shall by the Officers of the said Village where he or she so last past through without Punyshment, be conveyed to the Howse of Correcc&n of the Lymitt wherein the said Village standeth, or to the c5mon Gaole of that County or Place, there to remayne and be ymployed in worcke untill he or she shalbe placed in some §vice, and so to continue by the space of one [whole' ] yeare, or .not being able of body untill he or she shalbe placed, to remayne in some Almeshowse in the same County or Place.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, Yf any of the said Rogues shall appeare to be dangerous to the inferior sorte of People where they shalbe taken, or otherwyse be such as will not be reformed of their rogish kinde of lyfe by the former Pvisions of this Acte, That in every such case it shall and may be laufull to the said Justicf of the Lymittf where any such Rogue shalbe taken, or any two of them, whereof one to be of the Quop, to c5mit that Rogue to the Howse of Correcc&n, or otherwyse to the Gaole of that County, there to remaine untill their next Quarter Sessions to be holden in that County, and then such of the same Rogues so comitted, as by the Justicf of the Peace then and there psente or the most parte of them shalbe thought fitt not to be delivered, shall and may lawfully by the same Justicf or the most part of them be banyshed out of this Realme and all other the Domynions thereof, and at the Chargf of that Country shall be conveied unto such parts beyond the Seas as shalbe at any tyme hereafter for that purpose assigned by the Privie Counsell unto her Majesty her Heires or Successors, or by any Six or more of them, whereof the Lord Chauncellor or I,ord Keep of the Greate Seale, or the Lord Treasourer for the tyme being to be one, or otherwyse be judged ppetually to the Gallyes of this Realme, as by the same Justicf or the most part of them it shalbe thought fitt and expedyent ; And if any such Rogue so banyshed as aforesaid shall retume agayne into any part of this Realme or Domynion of Wales without lawfull Lycence or Warrant so to do, that in every such case such Offence shalbe Fellony, and the Party offending therein suffer Death as in case of Felony; The said Felony to be heard and determyned in that County of this Realme or Wales in which the Offendor shalbe apphended.

And be it also enacted by the auctorytie aforesaide, That yf in any Towne Parish or Village the Cunstable Headborough or Tythingman be negligente and do not his or their best Endevors for the Apphension of such Vagabonde Rogue or Sturdy Begger which there shalbe founde cont*ry to the forme of this psent Acte, and to cause every of them to be punyshed and conveyed according to the true meanyng of this psente Acte, that then the said Cunstable Headboroughe or Tythingman in whome suche defaulte shalbe, shall loose and forfayte for ev*y such defalte Tenne shillingf; And also yf any pson or psons do in any wyse disturbe or let the execution of this Lawe or any part thereof concerning the punishment or conveyeng of [any 1 ] Rogues Vagabondf Sturdy Beggers or the releife or setling of poore ympotente psons in any manner of wyse, or make Rescusse against any Officer or Pson auctorized by this psente Acte for the due execufbn of any the pmisses, the same pson so offending shall forfeyte and loose for every such Offence the some of Five pounds, and shalbe bounde to the good behaviour.

And be it also further enacted by the auctority aforesaid, That no pson or psons having charge in any Viage in passing from the Realmes of Ireland or Scotlande, or from the Isle of Man into this Realme of England, do wittingly or willingly bringe or conveye or suffer to be brought or conveyed in any Vessell or Boate from and out of the said

Realme of Irelande Scotlande or Isle of Mann into the Realme of Englande or Wales or any part thereof, any

Vagabonde Rogue or Begger, or any such as shalbe forced or very like to lyve by begging within the Realme of Englande or Wales, being borne in the same Realmes or Island, on payne of every suche pson or psons so offending to forfeyte and loose for every such Vagabonde Rogue Begger or other pson like to lyve by begging, Twentye shillingf, to the use of the Poore of the said Parish in which they were set on Lande; And yf any such Mannyske Scottysh or Irish Rogue Vagabonde or Begger be already, or shall at any tyme hereafter be set on Lande, or shall come into any part of Englande or Wales, the same, after he or she shall be punyshed as aforesaid, shalbe conveyed to the next Port or Parish in or neare which they were landed or first came, in such Sorte as Rogues are appointed to be by this psente Acte, and from thence to be t*nsported at the comon Charge of the Cuntry where they were set on Land into those parts from whence they came or were brought; And that every Cunstable Headborough and Tythingman neglecting the due pformance thereof, shall forfayte for e$y such Offence, Ten Shillingf.

Be it further enacted by the Auctority aforesaid. That no diseased or ympotente pore pson shall at any tyme resorte or repayre from their dwellinge Placf to the Citty of Bathe or Towne of Buxton, or eyther of them, to the Bathes there for the ease of their Greiff, unles such pson do forbeare to begg, and be lycensed to passe thither by two Justicf of the Peace of the County where such pson doth or shall then dwell or remayne, and pvided for to travayle with such Reliefe for and towards his or her maynten*nce as shalbe necessary for the

same pson for the tyme of such his or her Travayle and Aboade at the Citty of Bathe and Towne of Buxton,

or eyther of them, and returne thence, and shall retume Home agayne, as shalbe lymitted by the said Lycence; uppon payne to be reputed punyshed and used as Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdy Beggers declared by this psente Acte; And that thinftitantf of the same Citty of Bath and Towne of Buxton, shall not in any wyse be charged by this Acte with the fynding or releiving of any such pore People.

1 0. omits.


A.D. 1597-8. 39° Eliz. c. 4.

Provided alwayes, That the Justicf of Peace withio any County of this Realme or Wales, shall not intromit or enter into any Cittye Boroughe or Townes Corporate, where be any Justice or Justicf of Peace for any such Citty Borough or Towne Corporate, for the Execuc&n of any Branch Article or Sentence of this Acte, for or concerning any Offence Matter or Cause growing or arising within the pcynctf Libties or Jurisdice&ns of such City Borough or Townes Corporate; but that it may and shalbe lawfull to the Justice and Justicf of the Peace Maiors Baylyfff and other Head Officers of those Cittyes Boroughes and Townes Corporate where there be such Justicf of the Peace, to pceede to the Execuc&n of this Acte within the fPcyncte and Compasse of their Libties, in such manner and forme as the Justicf of Peace in any County may or ought to do within the same County by vertue of this Acte; Any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte or any thing therein conteyned, shall not extende to the pore People for the tyme befog in the Hospitall called Saint Thomas Hospitall, otherwise called the Kings Hospital!, in the Borough of Southworcke, neare adjoyning to the Citty of London ; but that the Maior Comynalty and Citdzens of the saide Citty of London for the tyme befog, shall and may have the Rule Order and Govememente of the said Hospitall and of the pore People therein for the time being; Any thing in this Acte to the cont*ry notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte or any thing therein conteyned, or any auctority thereby given, shall not in any wyse extende to disinherite p'judice or hinder John Dutton of Dutton in the County of dhester Esquire, his Heires or Assignes, for towchfog or con&ifog any Libde pemynence Auctority Jurisdice&n or Inheritance which the said John Dutton now lawfully useth or hath, or lawfully may or ought to use within the County Palantyne of Chester, and the County of the Citty of Chester, or eyther of them, by reason of any auncyent Charters of any Kings of this Land, or by reason of any p)scripc&n Usage or Title whatsoever.

And be it further enacted by the Auctority aforesaid, That all Fynes and Forfeytures appointed or to growe by this p>sente Acte, (Excepte such as are otherwyse lymitted and appointed by this psent Act,) shall wholy go and be ymployed to thuse of the Reparac&ns and Maynten*nce of the said Howses of Correcc&n and Stocke and Store thereof, or Releife of the Pore where the Offence shalbe c5mitted, at the discresion of the Justicf of the Peace of the same Lymit Citty Borough or Towne Corporate; And that all Fynes and Forfeitures appointed or to growe by Convice&n of any pson according to this psent Acte shall by Warrante under the Hands and Seales of any two or more of the Justicf of the Peace of the same County Citty Borough or Towne Corporate, be levied by Distresse and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of thoffendor; which Sale shalbe good in the Lawe against such Offendor ; And that yf any of the said Offencf shalbe confessed by the Offendor, or that the same shalbe proved by two suffycyent and lawfull Witnesses before such two or more Justicf of the Peace, That then every such pson shall forthwith stande and be in the Lawe convicted thereof.

And be it also further enacted by thauctority aforesaid. That any two or more Justicf of the Peace within all the said sev*all Shires Cittyes Boroughes or Townes Corporate, whereof one to be of the Quop, shall have full power by auctority of this psent Acte to heare and determyne all Causes that shall growe or come in question by reason of this Act.

And be it also further enacted by the auctority aforesaid. That the Lord Chauncellor or Keep of the Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme being, shall and may at all tymes hereafter by vertue of this psent Acte, without further Warrante, make and directe Comission or Comissions under the Greate Seale of England to any pson or psons, giving them or some of them thereby auctority, aswell by the Oathes of good and laufoll men as of Witnesses or Examynac&n of Partyes, or by any other lawfull wayes or meanes whatsoever, to enquire what somes of Money or other Things have bene or shalbe collected or gathered for or towards the erecc&n of any Howses of Correcc&n, or any Stocks or other Things to set Pore on worcke, or for the maynten’nce thereof at any tyme after the seavententh day of November in the Eightenth yeare of the Raigne of the Queenes most excellent Majesty, and by whome the same were or shalbe collected or gathered, and to whose Hands comen and to what use and by whose Direcc&n the same was or shalbe ymployed ; and to call all and every such pson and psons and their suretyes, and every of their Executors or Admynistrators to an accompte; and to compell them and every of them by Attachement of their Goods or Bodyes to appeare before them for the same, and to heare and de?myne the same, and to leavye such Money and Things as they shall ffode not to have bene duely ymployed uppon the said Howses of Correcc&n or Stocks, or uppon other like uses, having in such other like uses respecte of Things past by the said Comissioners to be allowed of, eyther by Distres and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such psons as they shall thincke fitt to bee chargeable or aunswereable for the same, or by ymprisonment of their Bodies at their discresion; and that the said Comyssioners shall have full power and auctority to execute the same C5myssion according to the teanor and purporte thereof; and that all their Proceedingf Doyngf Judgementf and Execuc&ns by force and auctority thereof shalbe and remayne good and avayieable in the Lawe; which said Money so levyed by the said Comyssioners shalbe delivered and ymployed for the erecting or maynten'nce of the same.

Provided alwayes nevertheles, That every Seafaring man suffering Shipwracke, not having wherewith to releive himselfe in his Travels homewardf, but having a Testimonial! under the Hand of some one Justice of the Peace of or neare the place where he landed, setting downe therein the place and tyme where and when he landed, and the place of the partyes dwelling or birth unto which he is to passe, and a convenyent time therein to be lymitted for his Passage, shall and may without incurring the daunger and penalty of this Acte, in the usuall wayes directly to the place unto which he is directed to passe, and within the tyme in such his Testymoniall lymitted for hi- Passage, aske and receive such Releife as shalbe necessary in and for his Passage.

Vol.IV. ioU

901

VIII. Justice* for Countie* shall not interfere in Corporation*.

IX.

Proviso for St. Thomas'* Hospital in London.

X.

Proviso for John Dutton of Dutton in Cheshire.

XI. Recovery and Application of Penalties.

XII. Justice* of Peace may try Offence*, &c.

XIII. Lord Chancellor may grant Commissions of Inquiry as to Application of Money raised for Houses of Correction, See. since 17 Nov. An. 18 Eliz.

XIV. Proviso for Relief of Shipwrecked Mariners.

902

39° Eli z. c. 4, 5

A.D. 1597-8.

XV. Provided also, That this Statute nor any Thinge therein conteyned, shall extend to any Children under the age

Children^ of seaven yeares; nor to any such Glassemen as shalbe of good Behaviour, and do travaile in or through any Cuntry

>nd Glassmen. without begging, having lycense for their travayling under the Hands and Seales of three Justicf of the Peace of the

same Conty where they travell, whereof one to be of the Quop.

Proclamation md And be lt also further enacted by the auctority aforesaid. That this p>sente Acte shalbe pclaymed in the next Continuance of Quarter Session or Sessions in every Countye, and in such other Marcket Townes or Placf as by the more part of the Justicf of the Peace in the said Sessions shalbe agreed and appointed. This Acte to endure to the ende of the first Session of the next Parliament.

3j Elia. c.7. $9. as to Houses of Correction, required to be extended to Hospitals;

For Twenty Years Persons seized of Fee Simple Estates may found Hospitals;

which shall be incorporated;

and may take Lands, See. to the Value of j£aoo. a Year.

May sue and be sued;

shall have a common Seal;

shall be ordered and visited as appointed by the Founder.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for erecting of Hospitallf or abiding and working Howses for the Poore.

WHEREAS at the last Session of Parlyament {Vision was made, as well for maymed Soldiers by Collecc&n in every Parish, as for other Pore, that it should be lawfull for every pson during Twenty yeares next after the said Parlyamente, by Feoffament Will in wryting or other Assurance, to give and bequeath in Fee Simple aswell to thuse of the Pore as for the {Vision Sustentacftn or Maynten'nce of any Howse of CorreccSn or abiding Howses, or of any Stocks or Stoares, all or any part of his Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf; Her most Excellent Majestye understanding and finding that the said good Lawe hath not taken such effecte as was intended, by reason that no pson can erecte or incorporate any Hospitall Houses of Correcc&n or abiding Placf, but her Majestye, or by her Highnes specyall License by Ires Patentf under the Greate Seale of England in that behalfe to be obteyned: Her Majesty, graciously affecting the good successe of so good and charitable worckf, and that without often suite unto her Majesty, and with as greate Ease and little Charge as may be, is of her princely care and blessed disposicion to and for the Releife and Comforte of maymed Soldyers Marryners and other pore and ympotent People, pleased and contented that it be enacted by thauctority of this p'sent Parlyament, and be it enacted by the auctority of this p'sent Parliament, That all and every pson and psons seised of an Estate in Fee Simple, their Heires Executors or Assignes at his or their Wills and Pleasures, shall have full Power Strengthe Licence and lawfull Auctority, at any tyme during the space of Twenty yeares next ensuyng, by Deede inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, to erecte founde and establysh one or more Hospitalls Measons de Dieu abiding Placf or Howses of Correcc&n, at his or their Will and Pleasure, as well for the finding Sustentacbn and Releife of the maymed pore needy or ympotent

people, as to set the Pore to worcke, to have Contynuance forever, and from tyme to tyme to place therein such

Head and Members and such number of Pore as to him his Heires and Assignes shall seeme convenyent; And that the same Hospitallf or Howses so founded, shalbe incorporated and have ppetuall Successions for ever in Fact Deede and Name, and of such Head Members and numbers of pore needy maymed or ympotent people as shalbe appointed assigned lymitted or named by the Founder or Founders, his or their Heires Executors or Assignes, by any suche Deede inrolled j And that such Hospitall Meason de dieu abiding Place or House of Correcf&n, and the psons therein placed, shalbe incorporated named and called by such name as the said Founder or Founders his Heires Executors or Assignes shall so lymit assigne and appointe; And the same Hospitall Meason de Dieu abiding Place or Howse of CorrecC&n so incorporated and named, shalbe a Body Corporate and Pollitique, and shall by that name of Incorporation have full power authority and lawfull Capacity and Ability to purchase take hold receive enjoy and have to them and to their Successors for ever, as well Goods and Chattelf as Manors Lands Tents and Hereditamentf being Freeholde of any pson or psons whatsoever, so that the same exceede not the yearely value of Two hundred Pounds above all Chargf and Reprises to any one such Abiding House Hospitall Meason de Dieu, or Howse of

Correction; And so as the same or any part thereof be not holden of our Soveraigne Lady the Queene her Heires

or Successors, ymediately in cheife, or els of our said Soveraigne Lady the Queene, or any other pson by Knight §vice, without Lycense or Writ of Ad quod dampnu, or the Statute of Mortmayne, or any other Statute or Lawe to the cont*ry notwithstanding: And that the same Hospitall Meason de Dieu Abiding Place or House of CorrecJfon, and the psons so being incorporated founded and named, shall have full power and lawfull auctority by the true name of the Incorporac6n thereof, to sue and be sued, ympleade and to be ympleaded, to aunswere and to be aunswered unto, in all manner of Courts and Placf that now are or hereafter shalbe within this Realme, as well Spuall as Temporall, in all manner of Suits whatsoever, and of what nature and kinde soever such Suits or Ac£&ns be or shalbe: And that the same Hospitall Meason de Dieu Abiding Howse or Howse of Correcc&n shall have and enjoy for ever such a Comon Seale or Seales, as by the said Founder or Founders his or their Heires Executors or Assignes shalbe in Wrytinge under his or their Hande and Seale assigned named or appointed, whereby the same Corporac&n shall or may seale any manner of Instrument towelling the same Incorporacon, and the Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Goods or other Things thereto belonging, or in any wise towching or concerning the same: And further shalbe ordered directed and visited, placed or uppon just cause displaced, by such pson or psons Bodies Pollitique or Corporate, their Heires Successors or Assignes, as shalbe nominated or assigned by the Founder or Founders thereof, their Heires or Assignes, according to such Rules Statutf and Ordinancf as shalbe set forth made devised or establyshed by the said Founder or Founders their Heires or Assignes, in writing under his or their Hande and Seale, not being repugnant or cont*ry to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme -, any Law Statute Custome Usage or


i.i).1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 5, 6,

903

other Thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And that it shalbe lawfull unto the Founder or Founders his and their Heires or Assignes, uppon the death or removing of any Head or Member of any such CorporafSn, to place one other in the roome of him that dyeth or is removed successively for ever.

Provided alwayes, That all Leases Grauntf Conveyance or Estatf to be made by any Corporac&n so to be founded as aforesaid, exceeding the number of xxj yeares, and that in Possession, and whereuppon the accustomabie yearely Rente or more, by the greater part of twenty yeares next before the making of such Lease, shall not be reserved and yearely payable, shalbe void.

Savyno to all Psons Bodyes Politicke and Corporate their Heires and Successors, (other then the Founders and Gyvers their Heires and Successors,) all such Right Title Clayme Possession Rents ’svicf Comons Demaundf Interest and Pffittf which they or any of them shall have, or of right ought to have, of in or to any the Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf hereafter to be given Iymitted or assigned in forme aforesaid, in as ample manner as yf this Statute had never bene had or made.

Provided also. That this Act or any Thing therein conteyned shall not extende to enable any pson or psons being within Age, Weomen Covert without their Husbaudf, or of not sane memorie, to make any such Corporation, or to endow the same; Any Thing in this p>sent Act to the cont'ry thereof in any wyse notwithstanding.

( 1) Provided alwayes. That no such Hospitall Maison de Dieu Abiding Place or Howse of Correction shalbe erected founded or incorporated by force of this Acte, unles uppon the Foundac&n or Erecc&n thereof the same be endowed for ever with Lands Tefitf or Hereditamentf of the clere yearely value of Ten pounds by the yeare.

Provided also and be it further enacted, That no such Incorporation to be founded by force of this Acte, shall at any tyme hereafter doe or suffer to be don any Acte or Thing whereby or by meanes whereof any of the Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Stocke Goods or Chattels of such Incorporation, or any Estate Interest Possession or Ppty of or in the same or any of them, shalbe vested or t*nsferred in or to any other whatsoever, cont'ry to the true meaning of this Acte; And that such Construcc&n shalbe made uppon this Acte as shalbe most beneficyall and avayleable for the Maynten*nce of the Pore, and for repressing and avoyding of all Acts and Devicf to be invented or put in ure cont'ry to the true meaning of this Act.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte to reforme Deceiptes and Breaches of Trust, towching Lands given to charitable Uses.

WHEREAS divers Colledges Hospitallf Almes Houses and other Placf within this Realme of Englande have bene founded and ordeyned, some of them by the Quenes most Excellent Majesty and by other her noble Progenytors, and some by other godly and weldisposed psons, for the Charitable Releife of pore aged and ympotent People maymed Soldyere Scholes of Leaminge Orphanes and for such other good charitable and lawfull purposes and yntentf: And where divers Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf Leases Goods and Chattels have bene given limitted and appointed for the like charitable good and lawfull Uses Intentf and Purposes, as also for Reparation of High waies Amendmentf of Bridgf and Sea Banckes, for the Mainten'nce of Fre Schooles and pore Schollers, as also for the Releife and pTerment of Orphanes and fatherles Children, and such like good lawfull and charitable Uses; which Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf Goods Leases and Chattellf have bene and are still like to be most unlawfully and uncharitably converted to the Lucre and Gayne of some fewe greedy and covetous psons, cont'ry to the true intente and meaning of the givers and disposers thereof: To thende such godly and charitable purposes and uses may be from henceforth observed and contynued according to the true intent and meaning of the Givers and Founders thereof, and according to the true entent and meaning of any the foresaid good godly and charitable uses and intentf: Be it enacted by the Queene our Soveraigne Lady the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliamente assembled, and by the Auctority of the same, That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Lord Chauncellor or [Lorde *J Kep of the Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme being, and for the Chauncellor of the Dutchy of Lancaster for the tyme being for Lands within the County Palantyne of Lancaster, from tyme to tyme to award Comissions under the Great Seale of Englande or the Seale of the County Palentyne, as the Case shall require, into all or any parte or parts of this Realme respectively according to their severall Jurisdic&ns as aforesaid, to the Byshop of every severall Dyoces and his Chauncellor, and to other psons of good and soundc behaviour, auctorising them thereby to enquire as well by the Oathes of Twelve lawfull men of the County, as by all other good and lawfull wayes and meanes, of all and singuler such Guiftf Lymittacons and Purposes, and of the Abuses and Misdemeanors Misimploymentf Falsityes defrauding of the Trusts Intentf and Purposes Alyenacons or Mysgovernmentf, which have bene had or at any tyme hereafter shalbe had or made, and of all and every other

• 'IV Two following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. 5 0. omit.-.

Pounder, See. may itipply Vacancies.

II.

teases by such Hospitals fur Twenty-one Years only.

HI.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

IV.

Act not to authorize Infants, Sec.

V.

Hospitals shall be endowed with at at least tfo. a Year.

VI.

Hospitals shall not alienate their Possessions, Sec.

For preventing Misapplication of Revenues of Colleges, Hospitals, &c.

Lord Chancellor, Sec. may issue Commission to the Bishop of the Diocese, .Vc. to inquire into the Nature and Application of such Revenues.

904

39° Eliz. c. 6, 7.

A.D. 1597-8.

and make Order* for their due Application.

II.

Not to extend to Univeratie*, Cathedral*, Ice.

III.

Not to extend to Corporation*, & c. where there are special Governor* and Viator*.

IV.

Savin? of the Juriiaiction of the Ordinary.

V.

Possessors of the Revenue* shall not be Commiwkmer*.

VI.

Order* of Commissioner*

•hall be certified into Chancery, &c. and examined there, on Appeal.

St. 27 Eliz. c. 3. for amending 13 Eliz. c.4. repealed.

14 Eliz. C. 7. repealed.

Matter Thing and Cause whereby or by meanes whereof the good and godly uses aforesaid cannot or may not be maynteyned executed and pformed, according to the true intent and meaning of the Donours or Founders, and according to the true entent and meaning of any the foresaid good godly and charitable uses and intentf; And after such Inquiry made, uppon hearing and examyning thereof, to set downe such Orders Judgement and Decrees as the said good godly and charitable uses may be truely observed in full ample and most liberall sort, according to the true intent and meaning of the Founders or Donoures thereof; which Orders Judgementf and Decrees, not being contrary or repugnant to the Orders Statutf or Decrees of the Donoures or Founders, shall, by the auctority of this p>sent Parliament, stande fyrme and good according to the teanour and purport thereof.

Provided alwayes, That neyther this Act nor any thing therein conteyned, shall in any waies extende to any Colledgf Halls or Howses of Learning within the Universityes of Oxforde or Cambridge, or to the Colledgf of Westm Eaton or Wynchester, or any of them, nor to the Lands Revenues or Possessions thereunto belonging; neyther to any Cathedrall Churche within this Realme of Englande, nor to the Lands or Possessions thereunto appteyning or belonging.

Provided also, That neyther this Acte nor any thing therein shall extende to any Citty or Towne Corporate, or to any the Lands or Tenementf given to the uses aforesaid within any such Citty or Towne Corporate, where there is a spedall Governor or Governors appointed to goveme or direct such Lands Tenementf or Things disposed to any the uses aforesaid; neyther to any Colledge Hospitall or Free Schole which have specyall Vysitors Governors or Overseers appointed them by their Founders.

Provided also and be it enacted by the auctority aforesaid. That neyther this Acte nor any thing therein conteyuea shalbe any way f'judicyall or hurtfull to the Jurisdic£6n or Power of the Ordynary, but that he may lawfully in every Cause execute and pforme the same as thoughe this Acte had never bene had or made.

Provided also. That no pson or psons that hath or shall have any of the Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf Goods or Chattels, given lymitted or appoynted to or for any the Uses Purposes or Intentf aforesaid, shall intermeddle as a Comissioner in any the Causes aforesaid.

(') Provided alwayes and it is further enacted by the auctority aforesaid. That all such Orders Judgmentf and Decrees as shalbe so set downe by the said Comyssioners as is aforesaid, shalbe c?tified under the Seales of the said Comissioners eyther into the Court of the Chauncery of Englande, or into the Court of the Chauncery within the County Palatyne of Lancaster, as the Case shall require respectively according to their severall Jurisdictions, within such convenyent fyme as shalbe lymitted in the said Comyssions ; And that the said Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keep, and the said Chauncellor of the Dutchy shall and may within their said severall Jurisdictions, take such order for the due Execuc&n of all or any of the said Judgementf Decrees and Orders as to eyther of them shall seeme fitt and convenyent: And that yf after any such <?tyficatt or c?tyficatf made, any pson or psons shall finde themselves graved with any of the said Orders Judgementf or Decrees, that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for them or any of them, to complayne in that behalfe unto the said Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keep, or to the Chauncellor of the said Dutchy of Lancaster, according to their severall Jurisdice&ns, for Redresse therein; And that uppon such Complaynte the said Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keep, or the said Chauncellor of the Duchy, may according to their said severall Jurisdicf&ns, pcede to the examynac&n hearing and detennyning hereof as to eyther of them in their said severall Jurisdice&ns shalbe thought to stande with Equity and good Conscyence; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the cnnt*ry hereof in any wyse notwithstanding.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte for the more speedy Payment of the Quenes Majesties Debts, and for the better Explanac&n of the Acte made in the xiij"1 yeare of the Queenes Majesty, intituled An Acte to make the Lands Tefitf Goods and Chattels of Tellors Receyvors, &c. liable to the payment of their Debts.

FOR the better and more speedy payment and satisfacf&n of her Majestyes Debts and Dutyes from Officers and Accomptantf, Be it enacted by the auctority of this p*sent Parliament, That one Acte made in the seaven and twentith yeare of the Queenes Majesdes Raigne that now is, endtuled An Acte for the explanac&n of the Statute made Anno xiij of the Queenes Majesties Raigne, intituled An Act to make the Lands Tenementf Goods and Chattels of Tellors, Receivers, &c. liable to the Payment of their Debts, shall from henceforth be repealed and of no Effecte; And that one other Acte made in the fowertenth yeare of her Majesties Raigne, intituled An Acte against the Deceite of Undercollectors of the Tenthes and Subsedies of the Cleargye, shalbe likewyse from henceforth repealed and made voyde; And that the said Acte made in the thirtenth yeare of the Queenes Majestyes Raigne, in every Part thereof towching the Power given by that Acte unto her Highnes her Heires and Successors, to make Sale of any the Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf by the same Act lymited to be solde, is shall and ought to be expounded and yntended aswell in case

1 Thi* Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


A.D. 1597-S.

39° Eliz. c.7.

905

where the sale is to be made after the death of such Accountant or Debtor, as where it is to be made in his or their Salnof Land* under lyfe time; And also aswell in case where the Account is made and the Debt knowne within eight yeares after the * *'

death of such Accomptant or Debtor, as where the same Accompte is made or Debt knowne in the lyfe tyme of the *fter u. »th of said Accomptant or Debtor; And that no pson shalbe expounded a Debtor within the meanyng and intente of this witVnEiVlIt'Yw* Acte, but such onely as have bene are or shalbe farmor or farmors of any Customes Subsedies or Ympoetf, Prisage »h«r Debt Butlerage or other Dutyes within any Port of the Realme, and such Officers and Accomptantf hereafter in this Acte "c"t"ned menebned and expssed, as uppon their Accomptf fynished and determyned (all his and their due and reasonable Petifbns ^ ]£bk »Dri>for* being allowed) shall remayne Debtor, uppon the foote of his and their Accounts; Any Ambiguity or Question that to the Crown, hath rysen or growen, or may arise growe or may be conceyved upon the tre of the same Acte of the xiiju yeare, or of this fPsent Acte to the cont'ry thereof in any wyse notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the auctority of this fPsent Plyament, That after one yeare next after the Accompte Aftero-Jyetrfrom hereafter to be made, or the Debte or Duty hereafter to be knowen, of any Treasorer Receyvor Tellor Custumer ascertaining the Farmors of Ympostf or other Pson or Debtor named or menfbned in the said Acte made in the thirtenth yeare of her Majesties Raigne, & hereafter menebned and expressed, (all his and their due and reasonable Peticions upon the the Debtor mar be same Accounte fynished, or Debte knowen being allowed,) And for Accounts heretofore made or Debts knowne of any such Accomptant or Debtor abovesaid, after one yeare next following after thende of this (Psent Session of Great Seal, and the Parlyament, it shall and may be lawfull to and for our Soveraigne Lady the Queene her Heires and Successors, for [he'Seb*to^U<1 *° and towards the Satisfaccbn of the said Debte or Duety, or of so much thereof as shall then be unpaide, by tres patentf under the greate Seale of Englande, to sell convey and assure such and so much of the Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf which any such Officer Farmor Debtor or pson accomptable, at any tyme since the seconde day of Aprill in the said thirtenth yeare of her Majestyes Reigne, had or hereafter shall have, from or during such tyme as such pson or psons were are or shalbe such Officer or Officers Farmor Debtor or Pson accomptable as aforesaid unto her Majesty, or which otherwyse are to be solde for the same, by the true intente and meanyng of the saide Acte made in the thirtenth yeare of the Queenes Majestyes Raigne, as shall suffice our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majestye her Heires and Successors, for the satisfaccbn of his or their Debte or Duety ; And if any Overplus of Money shalbe had uppon any such sale, that then the same shalbe delivered and paid {Psently uppon request, without other peticbn to be made for the same, to the partye or partyes whose Lande shalbe solde, his or their Heires, out of the Receipt of her Majestyes Exchequior, by Warrant of the Lord Treasourer or Under Treasorer of the Exchequior for the tyme being, without other Warrant from her Majesty her Heires and Successors, and without any Fees or Chargf to be paid for the same: And that every Sale Conveyance and Assurance, so to be made by her Such Sain declared Majesty her Heires and Successors, shalbe as good and effectuall in the Lawe as yf the same were or had bene made by any such Officer Farmor Debtor or Pson Accountant, for Money or other valuable Consideracbn, by bgayne and Crown.

Sale Deede inrolled Feoffament Recovery with single or double Vowcher, or by all or any of them j And shall also binde and barre onely every such Officer Fearmor Debtor and pson accompteable, and his and their Heires, and all other clayming by from or under them or any of them, after such tyme as he or they became or shall become Officer Farmer Debtor or pson accomptable as is aforesaid, and all and every other pson and psons their Heires and Successors, which any such Officer Fermor Debtor or pson accompteable might have barred, or may barre by any such Recovery, and all such whose Lands are to be solde by the true intent and meanyng of the said Acte of the thirtenth yeare, and all psons clayming from by or under them; and shall also be good and avayleable against the Queenes Majestye her Heires and Successors, and all other psons clayming from by or under her Majesty her Heires or Successors, for or by reason of any former Charge or other Incumbrance to her Majesty her Heires and Successors, by the pson or psons for whose Debte or Duety the same shall happen to be solde.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, That such Sale Conveyance or Assurance which shall at any tyme hereafter be Such Sale ^ not had or made by vertue of this Acte, or of the said Acte of the thirtenth yeare of her Majestyes Raigne, shall not Demim, kc. ympeache or avoyde any Demyse Lease or Graunt, heretofore made or hereafter to be made by the Quenes Majesty y * her Heires or Successors, of any such Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf which shalbe solde conveyed or assured as is aforesaid, or of any part thereof; any otherwyse or in any other sort manner or forme then the same should have bene avoyded or ympeached by the ordinary course of the Comon Lawe, yf her Majesty her Heires or Successors had bene or shalbe fully satysfied of such Debte or Duety for which any such Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf shall be solde conveyed or assured by vertue of this Acte or of the said Acte of the xiij"1 yeare of her Highnes Raigne

Any thing herein conteyned to the contrary therof notwithstanding.

IV.

And be it further enacted by the auctority aforesaid. That aswell this Acte and every Clause therein conteyned, as Thi. Act and the said Acte made in the thirtenth yeare of her Highnes Raigne, and every Clause therein conteyned, shall extende to c.4.

all maner of Under Collectors of Tenthes and Subsidyes of the Cleargy, which have bene now be or hereafter shalbe, Under Collector* for satysfyenge of suche Money as any such Undercollector hath collected or shall collecte of the said Tenthes and Tenth/an?*' Subsedyes, in as ample wyse as yf every such Under Collector were ymediatly accomptant to the Queenes Majesty her Subaidie*. &c. Heires and Successors; And that every such Under Collector shall, uppon Proces to be awarded out of the Court of Exchequier of our said Soveraigne Lady her Heires and Successors, be chargeable to accompte for his receipte of such Tenthes and Subsedyes, as any Receyver ymedyately accountant to her Majestye is or ought to be; And that every Archbyshop and Byshop and their Heires Executors and Assignes, and Deane and Chapter sede vacante, to whose Charge the Collecc&n of such Tenthes or Subsedyes doth or shall apperteyne, shalbe dischardged of so much of the said Tenthes and Subsidyes as shalbe satisfied to the Queenes Majesty her Heires or Successors, of or by the Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Goods or Chattels of such Undercollector or his Heires, without any other Warrant whatsoever, or Charge in that behalfe to bee obteined or susteined.

Original from PENN STATE

906

39° Ei.iz. c.7.

A.D. 1597-8.

V.

Proviso for Sales, he. already made bona fide

Leases, Copyholds, &c.

VI.

To whatT reasurerf, Receivers, fcc. this Act shall extend.

VII.

No Sale of Lands after Quietus eft.

VIII.

Proviso for Possessions of Bishopricks, he.

IX.

Proviso for Debts installed.

X.

Proviso for Sheriffs, Escheators, &c.

XI.

Upon Sales, Sureties shall be discharged pro tanto.

XII.

Provided alwayes, and be it enacted, That this Acte or any Thing therein conteyned, or the said Acte of the thirtenth yeare, or any thing therein conteyned, shall not ympeache or avoyde any Sale Lease Dymyse Graunt Charge Extent Execuc6n or other Assurance made, before the begyning of this Parlyament, bona fide by any such pson so accomptable or indebted as is aforesaid, or by his Heires, or by any pson or psons clayming bona fide from by or under them or any of them ; nor shall extende to avoyde any Lease or Dymyse not exceeding the tearme of one and twenty yeares or three lyves, whereupon so much yearely rente hath or shalbe reserved and yearely payable during every such Lease and Demyse as, at any tyme within twenty yeares next before the making of such Demyse or Lease, hath or shalbe yeilded or paid for the same; nor to avoyde any Lease for yeares determinable upon three lyves or under made or to be made, whereuppon such yearely rent is or shalbe reserved as is aforesaid; nor to avoyde any Custumary estate made or to be made, according to the custome of the Mannor whereof such Customary Lands so let or dymised are pcell.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, That this Acte shall extende onely to such as since the begining of the Queenes Majesties Raigne have beene now are or shalbe Treasorer Tellor or Receyvor, or using exercysing or having the Office of Treasuror Tellor or Receivor, in or belonging to any of the Queenes Majesties Courts of (') Exchequier Wards and Lyveries or Duchy of Lancaster, Treasorer of the Chamber, Coferor of the Howsholde, Treasourer for the.Warres, Treasorer of any Fort Towne or Castell where any Garison is or shalbe kepte, Treasorer of the Admiralty or Navy, Treasorer Undertreasorer or other pson accompteable to the Queenes Majestie her heires or successors, for any office or charge of or within the Mynte, and others exercysing or having any Office or Offices of Treasorer or Receyver of any some of Money for pvision of Victuals, or for Fortyficac&ns Buildings or Worckf, or for any other provisions to be used in any the Officf of the Quenes Majesties Ordinance and Artillery Armory Wardrobe Tents and Pavilions, or Revels, Customer Collector Farmor of Ympostf Customes Subsedies Butlerage Prisage or other duetyes within any Port of the Realme, Collector or Undercollector of Tenthes and Subsidies of the Clergie, Collector of any Subsedy or Fifteene, Receyvor Generali or pticuler of the Revenues of any County or Countyes aunswereable in the Receipte of the Exchequier, or in the Courts of Wards and Lyveries, or Dutchy of Lancaster, Clarcke of the Hamp, and other pson or psons usually or ordinarily and voluntarily exercysing using or having any Office of Receiptf, or usually or ordinarily and voluntarily taking uppon him as an Officer of any Receiptf, and to none other.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, That the said Acte of the thirtenth or this Acte, or any thing therein conteyned, shall not extende to the Sale of the Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf of any Officer Accomptant or Debtor, or of his or their Heire or Heires or of any other pson clayming from by or under them or any of them, for or by reason of any Accompte Debte or Farme whereof any such Debtor or Accomptante, his or their Heires Executors or Administrators, have or shall have a Quietus est or other usuall Discharge uppon the declaracon of his and their Accompte, according to the usuall order of the said Court of Exchequier.

Piiovided also and be it enacted, That this Acte, or any thinge therein conteyned, shall not extende to give any power or auctority to make any Sale Conveyance or Assurance of any Mannors Lands Tents or Hereditamentf of any Archbyshop Byshop Deane and Chapter, or of any other Ecctiasticall pson, whereof he or they or any of them be or hereafter shalbe seised, in the Right of his or their Byshopricke Church or other Corporac&n Ecctiasticall whatsoever.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, That the said Acte of the thirtenth or this Act shall not extende to the Sale Conveyance or Assurance of any Mannors Lands Tents or Hereditamentf for any Debte being installed.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, That this Acte shall not extende to charge any Sheriff Eschetor or Baylyff of Libties nor any of their Heires or Assignes, nor to the Sale of the Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf of any Sheriff Eschaetor or Bayliff of Libties nor of any their Heires or Assignes, for any thing touching his or their Office of Sheriffwicke Eschaetorship or Baylywick, nor for any Money or other thinge by them or any of them by reason of any of their said Officf, otherwyse or in any other manner then they or any of them might lawfully have bene charged before the making of this Acte or of the said Acte of the thirtenth yeare of her Majestyes Raigne; Any thing herein conteyned to the cont*ry notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted, That yf the Queenes Majestye her Heires or Successors shall by any Sale Conveyance or Assurance of any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, by force of the said Acte of the thirtenth or of this Acte, or by other Matter appearing of Recorde, be fully satisfied of the Debte or Arreragf of any Buch Officer Accomptant or Debtor, or of any part thereof, then the suretyes of such Officer Accomptant or Debtor, & other pson or psons bounde or to be bound for such Accomptant or Debtor in that behalfe, shalbe discharged of so much of the said Debte Forfeyture and Arreragf as so shalbe satysfyed. And for the residue onely shalbe ratably according to their Abilityes charged; Any thing in this Acte or in any other Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes, and be it enacted, That the said Acte of the Thirtenth yeare, or this Acte, or any Thing therein conteyned, shall not extende to give any Power or Auctoritye to make Sale Conveyance or Assurance of any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditaments of the Maister and Leiften'nte of the Ordynance, Master of the Horse, Maister of the Armory, the Generali Receyvor of the Dutchy of Lancaster, and of the Wards and Lyveries, Treasorer of the

> th<- 0.

Gck >ole

A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. T.

907

Chamber, Maister of the Juell House, Cofferer of the Housholde of our Soveraigne Lady the Queene, her Heires Act* shall not and Successors, Treasorers ofWarresor Garrisons, Treasorer of the Navy, Treasorers or Receyvers of any Somes of *)rtT^rJ^°unTa *" Money for Victuall or Fortyficacftns, or for Buildings, or Master of the Warderobe, for any Debte to be adjudged or Twelve Month* knowen as it is aforesaid concerning their or any of their Officf meneftned in this Branche; unles the Queenes Majestye j^c °f

her Heires and Successors, uppon or after their Debte knowen or accounte determyned, (all his or their due Peticftns to by the Crown, them uppon the same Accounts being allowed,) require or edmaunde by or under the Greate Seale or Privy Seale psent Payment thereof, or otherwyse efrsones require a new Accounte of the same Debte so set or remayning in any the Accounts meneftned in this Branche, and that then the same Debte or any Parte thereof shalbe founde to be owyng or unexpended in the Matters or Charges appteyning to any of their said Officf or Charges meneftned in this Branch, and the same Debte remayne unpaid by the Space of one whole yeare after such Request or Comaundement.

Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Acte or any Thing therin conteyned shall not extende to the Sale No Sale for')e, Assurance or Conveyance of any Mannors Lands Tenements or Hereditamentf as is aforesaid, unles the Debte of such th*n £ioo. Officer Accomptant or Debtor do exceede the Some of Three hundred Pounds; Any Thinge in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

Provided also, and be it likewyse enacted, That this Acte or any Thing therein conteyned shall not extend to make any Sale Conveyance or Assurance of any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf descended, or which hereafter sail descende, to any Heire or Heires within the Age of one and twenty yeares, so longe as such Heire or Heires shalbe within the Age of one and twenty yeares: And yet nevertheles, after such tyme as any such Heire or Heires shall accomplysh his or their full Age of one and twenty yeares, and after two yeares expired after such full Age, it shall and may be lawfull to and for our said Soveraigne Lady, her Heires and Successors, to make Sale Assurance and Conveyance of such Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf so to him and them descended, in such Sorte Order Manner and Forme, to all Intentf Construccftns and Purposes, as yf such Heir or Heires had bene of full Age at the tyme of thaccount finished and determyned, or Debte knowen of any such Officer Debtor or Accountante.

Provided alwaies, and be it enacted by the auctority aforesaid, That before such tyme as any the Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, which any such Officer Accomptant or Debtor shall bona fide and for valuable Consideracftn sell conveye or assure to any pson or psons, shalbe by the Queenes Majestye her Heires and Successors sold conveyed or assured as is aforesaid, a Scire fa? shalbe awarded out of her Majesties Court of Exchequer unto the Sheriff of the County where any such Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf so to be solde for the said Debte do lye, generally to garnysh sumon or warne any of the Terten*ntf, upon any Part of the said Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, to shewe cause why the said Mannors Lands Teiitf or Hereditamentf should not be put to sale for Satisfacfon of the Debte of her Majestye her Heires or Successors; Whereuppon yf the Terten*nt, uppon such garnishment or warding returned, shall make Defalt, or shall appeare and do not within two yeares next after such Retoume sufficyently prove in the said Court of Exchequer, that the Officers Accomptantf or Debtors, (yf he or they be then lyving,) have sufficyent Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf to answere, uppon Sale thereof to be made by the Queenes Majesty her Heires or Successors by force of this Acte, the said Debte or Farme, or sufficyent Goods or Chattels lyable and subjecte to the Payment cf such Debte or Farmes, or yf he or they be dead, that the Executors or Administrators of such Officers Accomptantf or Debtors have sufficyent Goods or Chattels lyable and subjecte as aforesaid, or the Heire of such Officer Accomptant or Debtor have sufficyent Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf lyable to aunswere, uppon Sale therof to be made by the Queenes Majesty her Heires and Successors by force of this Acte, the same Debte or Farme, and whereby the said Debte and Farme shall or may be fully and duely satisfied; That then after Two yeares and Ten Monethes next after such Returne, such and so much of the Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf which any such Officer Debtor or Pson accompteable had, or at any tyme hereafter shall have, after he became or shall become any such Officer Debtor or Pson accompteable, or which otherwyse are to be solde, by the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acte made in the Thirtenth yeare of the Queenes Majestyes Raigne, as shall suffice for the Satisfaccftn of our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Majestye her Heires or Successors of his or their Debte or Duety, shalbe solde by her Majestye her Heires or Successors, and the Money thereof coming to dispose according to the true Entent and Meaning of this Acte.

XIV.

Act shall not authorize Sale (luring Minority of Heir; but such Sale may take place after Two Year* from hi* Majority.

XV.

Before proceeding against Lands of a Debtor to the Crown, told bonk fide, Scire facia* shall be issued against the Tcrrc-tenants, &c.

Provided also, and be it further enacted by thauctority aforesaid, That in suche Cases where any Accounte hath bene or shalbe made, or any Debts have bene or shalbe knowen in the Courts of Wards and Lyveryes, and Duchy of Lancaster, or in eyther of them, then before such tyme as any the Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, which any such Officer Accountant or Debtor shall bona fide for valuable Consideracftn sell convey or assure to any pson or psons, shalbe by the Queenes Majesty her Heires and Successors solde conveyed and assured as is aforesaid, such pees shall be awarded as is hereafter expressed; To wit, a Somons or Garnishment with Pclamacftn shalbe awarded to the Sheriff of the County, where any such Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf so to be solde for the said Debt do lye, generally to garnysh somon or wame any of the Terten*ntf thereof, by open Publicacftn or Proclamacftn, to be made eyther uppon some part of the said Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf, or in some Market Towne next adjoyning in the same Countye, Twenty Dayes at the leaste before the Returne thereof, to shew cause why the same Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf should not be put to sale for satisfaccftn of the Debte of her Majestye, her Heires or Successors; whereupon yf the Tertenantf uppon such Garnishment or Warning returned, shall make Defalte, or shall appeare and do not within Two yeares next after such Returne make sufficyent Proofe as aforesaid,

XVI. Process before Sale of such Lands, on Accounts in the Court of Wards or Duchy of Lancaster.

Original from PENN STATE

908

39° Eliz. c.7.

XVII.

On Proof by such Terre-tenant! that the Accountant, hit Executor! or Heiri, have any Aueti, they shall be told in the firtt Place, &c.

XVIII.

For compelling Contribution between teveral Purchasers of Land! of a Crown-Debtor tubjected to Sale under this

a a.

XIX. Scire facial, &c. shall be recorded and exemplified for Security of Purchasen under thil Act.

XX.

Landi, &c. may be told to Person! procured by Parties liable, Icc.

A.D. 15 97-8.

as by the Order and Decree of eyther of the same Courts shalbe allowed in that Behalfe, that then all Things shalbe done and executed, for the sale of the same Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, and for the full satisfacc&n of the same Debte or Farme, in like and in as large and ample manner and forme to all Intentf and Purposes as before in this Acte is lymitted and appointed in cases where Defalte is made, or Apparance and no Cause and Proofe as aforesaid made, uppon a Scire fad awarded out of the said Court of Exchequior.

Provided alwayes, That yf the Terten’nte or Terten'ntf shall prove in the said Courts of Exchequier Wards and Lyveries and Duchy as is aforesaid, within two yeares next after such Returne and Retumes as aforesaid, that the said Officer Debtor or Accomptante hath Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, lyable and subjecte to the Sale of our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majesty her Heires or Successors by force of this Acte, but not suSycient uppon Sale thereof by vertue of this Act to aunswere and satysfye the Debt and Duety of the said Officer Debtor or Pson accompteable; or that the Executors or Admynistrators of the said Officer Accountant or Debtor (yf he be then dead) have Goods or Chattels lyable & subjecte to the payment of the Debte or Farme of the Officer Debtor or Accomptant, but not sufficyent uppon the Sale thereof for the full satisfacc&n of the said Debte or Farme ; Or that the Heire of such Officer Accomptante or Debtor have Lands Tefitf or Hereditamentf by discente, lyable and subjecte to the Sale of the Queenes Majesty her Heires and Successors for and towards the payment or satisfacc&n of the Debte or Farme of such Officer Accountant or Debtor by force of this Acte, but not sufficyent upon Sale thereof by vertue of this Acte for the full and due satisfacc6n of the said Debte or Farme; that then the Queenes Majestie her Heires and Successors shall first make Sale as aforesaid of all the Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf of the said Officer Debtor or Pson accountable, and seize and take into her and their Hands all the said Goods and Chattels; and yf the same be not sufficyent uppon Sale thereof by force of this Acte to answere and satisfie the said Debts or Farme, then to make Sale of the Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf so descended to the said Heire for and towards the satisfacc&n of the Residue of the said Debts; And yf neyther the said Lands Goods and Chattels of the said Accountant Officer or Debtor, or of his Executors or Administrators, nor the said Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf so descended to the said Heire, be sufficyent to aunswere and satysfye the full and due Debte, then such and so much of the Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf which any such Officer Debtor or Pson accountant had or at any tyme hereafter shall have, after he became or shall become any such Officer Debtor or Pson accountante, shalbe solde by the Queenes Majestye her Heires and Successors as aforesaid as shall suffice to make a full satisfacc&n of the Residue of his or their whole and entyre Debte and Duety ; and the Overplus (yf any be) to be disposad as aforesaid according to the true intent and meaning of this p'sent Acte.

Provided alwayes. That every such Tertenant, clayming by purchase from any such Officer Accomptant or Debtor or his Heires, or from by or under any Purchaser from such Officer Accountante or Debtor, whose Lands shall happen to be solde by vertue of this Act, shall have ratably Contribuc&n for his and their Chargf Damagf and Losses, of and agaynft every other pson or psons that shall purchase or shall clayme from by or under any Purchaser of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf of such Officer Accomptant or Debtor, lyable to any sale to be made by vertue of this Acte; And yf any such pson or psons shall refuse to make and yeilde a reasonable Contribuc&n to the Party and Partyes whose Lands are solde as aforesaid, that then uppon Complainte thereof made to the Barons of the Exchequier, they shall and may by vertue of this Acte awarde Pees of Seisure and Extent in her Majestyes name, uppon the Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf of every such pson or psons as shall so refuse to yeilde a reasonable Contribuc&n; And the same Lands so seized and extended, shall and may by vertue of this Acte without other Warrante assigne and comit to the said pson or psons, their Heires Executors or Administrators, that ought to have Contribuc&n by the true meanynge of this Acte, untill such tyme as he or they shalbe satisfied of so much Money for Contribu£&n of his and their Damagf Losses Chargf and Expenses as shalbe rated taxed and assessed by the said Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme being.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the auctority aforesaid, That every such Scire facias so to be awarded, and the Returne thereof, shalbe entred of Recorde in the Courte of Exchequer; And every such Processe of Sumons and Garnishment with Proclaim £&n, and the Returne thereof, so to be awarded out of every the said severall Courts of Wards and Lyveryes and Duchy of Lancaster, and the severall Returnes thereof, shalbe entred into the Booke of Decrees of the said Courts out of which such Proces shalbe awarded j And that every pson and psons to whom the Queenes Majestye, her Heires or Successors, shall make sale of any Mannors Lands Teritf or Hereditamentf of any such Officer Accountant or Debtor, shall or may have exemplyfied the severall Proces aforesaid, and the Returne or Returnes thereupon, under the Greate Seale of England; and that aswell the said Inrolment and Entryes aforesaid of the said Pees, and the Returnes thereuppon, as the said Exemplificac&ns, shalbe of as good force and validity in the Lawe to all Intentf and Purposes as yf the said Pees and Retumes thereuppon were extant remayning and sufficyent.

And to thintent such Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf, as are lyable to sale by the Queenes Majestye her Heires and Successors by force of this Acte, may be solde according to the Value thereof, for the more speedy Payment of the Debts and Dutyes due to her Highnes her Heires and Successors, and for the Benefit of the pson or psons whose Lands shalbe solde; it is enacted by the auctority aforesaid, That yf any pson or psons, other then the Officer Debtor or Accountant aforesaid whose Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf are or shalbe lyable to be solde by force of this Acte, do or shall at any tyme within the said Two yeares and Tenne monethes alter such Returne as aforesaid, peure any other able and sufficyent pson or psons to purchase or buy the same at such Price and Value as the same Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf at that tyme shalbe reasonably worth to be solde, then uppon

I

Got.

A.D. 1597-8.

39° Kliz. c.7, 8.

909

Payment and SatysfacCbn to be made to the Queenes Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, of the Value of the said Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf so to be solde, our said Soveraigne Lady, her Heim and Successors, by ires patentf under the Great Seale of Englande, wilbe pleased to sell such Lands Teiitf and Hereditamentf to such pson or psons before any other, as will purchase and buye the same by the Meanes and Pcurement of him or them whose Lands Tenementf & Hereditamentf shalbe solde as aforesaid.

XXI.

And be it enacted by the auctority aforesaid, That all and every pson and psons whose Mannors Lands Tenementf Possessors of Linds or Hereditamentf shalbe lyable and subjecte to be solde by force of this Acte, upon pees to be awarded out of Ainnp™duce the Courte of Exchequier and other the Courts aforesaid, shall bringe and shewe into the said Courts all such their Title Deeds. Evidences, concerning the said Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf liable and subjecte to be solde as aforesaid, being in his or their Custodye or Possession, or in the Custodye or Possession of any other by his Delivery Consent or Appointment, to the interne the State or Title of and in the said Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf may be knowen, to the ende the better and more avayleable Sale thereof may be made, according to the true entent and meaning of this Acte.

And it is also the true intente of this Acte and of the said Statute of the Thirtenthe yeare of the Queenes Raigne, Mansion House That yf any pson or psons, whose Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf are or shalbe lyable and subjecte to be solde fj? by vertue of this Acte or the said Acte of the Thirtenth have sufficyent Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf are sufficient, over and besidf his Cheife Manctin Howse and Demeasnes belonging thereunto, to satisfye the Debts and Duetyes of her Majestye her Heires and Successors, and to peure the same to be bought or purchased for so much Money as will satisfye the said Debts and Duetyes, within the said severall tyme and tymes before limited and appointed for the said Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf to be solde as aforesaid, and do satisfye the said Debts and Duetyes accordingly, that then his and their said Cheife Manc&n Howse and Demeasnes thereunto belonging, shall not be solde by her Majesty her Heires and Successors, by force of this Acte or of the said Statute of the Thirtenth yeare of the Queenes Majestyes Raigne.

Provided alwayes, that this Acte shall endure onely to the ende of the next Session of the next Parlyament ensuyng.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte concerning the Confirmation and Establyshment of the Deprivation of divers Byshops and Deanes in the

beginning of her Majesties Raigne.

WHEREAS divers and sundry psons exercysing the Office and Function of Byshops and Deanes of divers Seas and Byshoprickf and Deaneryes within this Realme, in the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lady Queene Marye, were before the tenth day of November in the fourth yeare of the most happy and blessed Government of the Queenes most excellent Majestye that now is, lawfully and justly deprived from such Byshoprickf and Deaneries, as they severally enjoyed and tooke uppon them to holde, and in their steadf and placf sundry excellent and worthy men duely Pferred to the same : And whereas the Parties so deprived did notwithstanding, as pt'] is ptended, make secreate Appeales, and used other secreate Meanes, Ptending thereby to supporte the contynuance of their said Officf and Functions : Be it therefore declared and enacted by the auctority of this Psent Parlyament, That all and every Deprivac&ti and Deprivac&ns, and all and every Sentence and Sentencf of Deprivac6n whatsoever, had pronounced or given, at any tyme betwene the begynning of the Raigne of the Queenes most excellent Majestye that now is and the Tenth Day of November in the Fourth yeare of the same, against any pson or psons which was or tooke uppon him to be Archbyshop or Byshop of any Sea or Byshopricke, or Deane of any Deanery, within this Realme or any the Domynions thereof in the Raigne of the said late Queene Marie, from such Sea or Byshopricke, be adjudged deemed and taken good and sufficyent in Lawe to all Intentf and Purposes, and so shall remayne and contynue; Any Appeale Excepcon or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wyse notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the auctority aforesaid, That all such Archbyshops and Byshops and Deanes as were ordeyned or made by the auctority or lycense of the Queenes Majesty that now is, at any tyme betweene the begynning of her Raigne and the said tenth day of November in the fourth yeare of her Majestyes Raigne, shalbe taVpn and adjudged to be lawfull Archbyshop or Byshop of the See or Byshopricke, and Deane of the Deanery, iiTito the which he was so pferred assigned or appointed ; And that the same See of Archbyshopricke or Byshopricke, and Deanery, unto which he was so pferred assigned or appointed, shalbe deemed & adjudged to be merely void to all Respects and Purposes before such pferment Appointment or Assignement so made as aforesaid: Any Ambiguity or Questyon in that behalfe heretofore made or hereafter to be made to the cont'ry in any wyse notwithstanding.

' 0. omits.

Certain Bishops, See. acting in the Time of Q. Mary, deprived belore to Nov. An. 4 Elia.

Secret Appeals against such Deprivations; Such Deprivations declared v did.

II.

Bishops, See. ordained before to Nov. An. 4 Elia, declared to be lawful Prelates, Src.


to Y

l d t Go >gle

Original from PENN STATE

910

39° Eliz. c. 9, 10.

4.DA597-8.

Provisions of St. 5 H.VII. c.a. making it Simple Felony to take away Heiresses, Ike. insufficient.

Such Offenders ousted of Clergy.

II.

Extended only to Principals, Procurers, and Accessaries before the Fast.

Recital of Stat.

*3 Eliz. c. 7. against Importation, by Subjects, of foreign-cured Fish;

I ucfliucncy and Inconvenience thereof;

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the taking away of Cleargy from Offendors against a certeine Statute made in the Thirde yeare of the Raigne of King Henry the Seaventh, concerning the taking away of Weomen against their Wills unlawfully.

WHEREAS of late tymes divers Weomen, as well Maydens as Widdowes and Wyves, having Substance some in Goods moveable and some in Lands and Tenementf, and some being Heires Apparant to their Auncestors, for the Lucre of such Substance bene oftentymes taken by Misdoers contrary to their Will, and after maried to such Mysdoers, or to other by their Assent, or defiled, to the great Displeasure of God, and contrary to your Highnesses Lawes, and Disparagement of the said Weomen, and great Heavyness and Discomfort of their Friendf, and ill Example of others ; which Offencf, albeit the same be made Felonye by a certeyne Acte of Parlyament made in the Thirde yeare of King Henry the Seaventh, Yet forasmuch as Clergye hath bene heretofore allowed to such Offendors divers psons have attempted and comitted the said Offencf in hope of lyfe by the Benefit of Clergye: Be it therefore enacted by the Queenes most excellent Majestye, the Lords Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the aucthority of the same, That all and every such pson and psons as at any tyme after the ende of this psent Session of Parliament, shall be convicted or atteynted, of or for any Offence, to be comitted after the ende of this psent Session of Parlyament, made Fellony by the said Acte of the Thirde yeare of the Raigne of King Henrye the Seaventh, or which shalbe indicted and arraigned of or for any such Offence, and stande mute or make no directe aunswere, or shall challenge pemptorily above the number of Twentye, shall in every such Case loose his and their Benefitt of Clergie, and shall suffer Paynes of Death without any Benefit of Clergie : Anye former Lawe to the contrarye notwithstanding.

(') Provided alwayes, That this Acte or any Thing therein conteyned shall not extende to take away the Benefit of Cleargye but onely from such pson and psons as hereafter shalbe Princypals or Pcurers or Accessaryes before such Offence comitted.

CHAPTER X.

Ax Acte for the increase of Marriners, and for mainten*nce of the Navigacon, repealinge a former Acte made in the xxiijUl yeare of her Majestyes Raigne, bearing the same Title.

TTTHERE at the Parliament holden by Prorogation the sixtenth day of January, in the three and twentyth yeare V ▼ of the Raigne of our most gracyous Soveraigne Lady Queene Elizabeth, An Acte was made entituled An Acte for thincrease of Maryners and for maynten*nce of the Navigac&n, whereby amongest other Things it was enacted, that it shoulde not be lawfull to any native English man Woman or Denyzon, at any tyme after a tyme lymitted in the same Acte, directly or indirectly by themselves their Servantf Factors Agents Deputyes or Freindf, or any of them whatsoever, to go or sende into any other forreine Cuntrye Realme or Domynyon whatsoever, for the buyeng pviding or bringing into this Realme out or from any the said forreine Realmes or Domynions out of the Queenes Obeysance, of any salted Fish or salted Herringf, nor should make any agreement with any Alyen or Straunger or any other for such bringing into this Realme, by any Alyen or Straunger, of any salted Fysh or salted Herringf; And that no salted Fysh nor salted Herringf should be brought hither out of the said forreyne Realmes and Domynions but by the mere Owners thereof or Deputyes of them, being Alyens and Straungers, without the peurement of any Subject of the Queenes Majestye her Heires or Successors, or of any Denyson and by none other pson or psons, upon payne that such Englysh pson or Denyzen offending against that Acte, should forfaite the same salted Herringf and salted Fysh, or the value thereof; with divers other clauses and branches in the same Statute conteyned towching the bringing of Fysh into this Realme, and the byeng and selling of Fysh, as by the same Acte at large appeareth: Uppon the making of which Acte it was hoped and expected, that the Fishermen of this Realme woulde in such sort have employed themselves to fyshing, and to the building and Sparing of such store of Boats and Shipping for that p'pose, as that they should longe eare this tyme have beene able sufficyently to have victualled this Realme with salted Fysh and Herringf of their own taking, without any supply of Alyens and Straungers, to the great increase of Marryners, and mainten*nce of the Navigac&n within this Realme; Notwithstanding it is since founde by experience, that the Navigac&n of this Lande is no whit bettered by meanes of that Acte, nor any Marriners increased nor like to be increased by it; but cont*ry wise, the naturall Subjects of this Realme being not able to fumysh the tenth part of the same with salted Fysh of their own taking, the cheife Pvysion and [Victuallf *] thereof with Fysh and Herringf hath ever since the making of the same Statute bene in the power and disposic&n of Alyens and Straungers, who thereby have much enriched themselves, greately increased their Navigac&n, and (taking advantage of the tyme) have extreamely enhaunced the pries of that Victuall, to the greate hurt and ympoverishing of the native Subjects of this Realme, and yet do serve the Marcketf here in very evill sort by little and little, bowsing and keeping their Fysh as well on this side as beyonde the Seas, till the pries be raysed to their liking; and the Marchantf of this Realme having bene wholly barred in their Tradf of pviding of Fyshe for the service thereof, the Navigac&n of this

' This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* victuallinge Q.

boo

A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 10,11.

911

Readme, which was intended to be augmented, hath bene rather empayred then increased thereby, and the pries of Fysh greately enhaunced, to the greate and generall pjudice of the Subjects : For remedy whereof, and for that it is lawfull as well to Strangers and Alyens as to the Subjects of this Realme, to carrye out into forreyne Parts and Domynions such salted Fysh and Herringf as are taken and pvided by the Subjects of this Realme, and therefore very unequall that the natyve Subjects of this Lands should not be at lihtye to bringe in also forreine pvysion of Fishe, for the victualling of their owne Cuntrye as well as to cary out, but that the Straunger should be wholly trusted therewith; Be it therefore enacted by the Queenes most excellent Majesty the Lords Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by the auctority of the same. That the same Statute made in the said three and twentith yeare of her Majesties most gracious Raigne, and every Clause Branch Article and Proviso thereof, and all the Penaltyes and Forfeitures therein conteyned, shall from henceforth be clearely repealed void frustrate and of none effect to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes, as yf the same had never bene had ne made; Any Thing in the same Act conteyned to the cont*ry thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Queenes most excellent Majestye the Lords Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this plsent Parlyament assembled, That it shall and may be lawfull for all and every her Majestyes Subjects, being Owners of any Shippes Barckf or Vessells sayling with cross Sayles, to receive and take into their saide Shippes Barckf or Vessels any Herringf or other Fyshe which any Alyen or Straunger shall buye and pvide of any her Majestyes Subjects within this Realme; And the same Herringf and Fysh, or any of them, may t*nsporte into any parts beyonde the Seas, being in league or amytye with her Majestye, in their said Shippes or Vessels with crosse Sailes, so as the said Alyens or Strangers pay to her Majestye her Customes and Duetyes for the same, in such sorte as by the same former Acte was lymitted and appointed.

And be it enacted by the auctority aforesaid, That all Alyens and Strangers shall from henceforth and from tyme to tyme pay to her Majestye, for all salted Fyshe and salted Herringf to be brought into this Realme, all such like Customes and Ymposicttns as are or shalbe ymposed and sett uppon any her Majesties Subjects, in those forreine Regions and Cuntryes Ports and Townes from whence the said salted Fysh and salted Herringf shalbe shipped and brought, for the like Fyshes and Herringf, over and besidf the ordinary Customs which have bene paid to her Majesty for the same, in Manner and Forme as by the same Acte was enacted and appointed.

And be it further enacted by the aucthority aforesaid, That if any Alyen or Stranger borne, or any Denyzen or natural borne Subjecte of this Realme, shall bring into any Haven Porte Creeke or Towne of this Realme, any Salt Fysh or Salt Heringf, which shall not be good sweete seasonable and meete for Mans Meate, and shall offer the same to be solde, and shalbe warned by any Officer of such Port Haven or Towne, where the same shalbe offred to be solde, that the same be not seasonable nor meete for Mans Meate, that then yf he or they shall after that offer any of the said unseasonable Fysh to be solde to any pson within this Realme, or being an Alien borne and no Denyzen shall not depart with the same from the said Haven Porte or Towne so sone as convenyency will serve, that then all and every person Owners thereof, shall loose and forfeite to our said Soveraigne Lady all the said unseasonable Fysh unmeete for Mens Meete as before is said.

And be it likewyse enacted, That all Ordinancf of the Fyshmongers of London, or of any other Company or Corporac&n whatsoever, made or to be made for restraint of any pson to take or sell Fysh, or to buye or provide any Fish of any Marchaunt or other within this Realme, shalbe repealed and voide ; And that every pson or Body Corporate that shall make or execute any such Ordinance or Restrainte, shall for every such Offence forfeyte one hundreth Pounds, the one Moytye thereof to the Queenes Majestye, her Heires and Successors, and the other Moyty to the Party greived, that will sue for the same, by Acc&n of Debte in any Courte of Recorde, wherein no Essoyne Ptecc&n or Wager of Lawe for the DefT shalbe admitted or allowed.

Provided alwayes, that this Acte shall no longer indure then to thende of the next Pliament hereafter ensuyng.

CHAPTER XL

An Act for the better Execucon of the Statute made in the Three and twentyth yeare of the Queenes Majesties Raigne for the abolyshing of Logwood als Blockwood, in the dyeng of Cloth Wooll or Yame.

WHEREAS by an Estatute lately made in the xxiij,h yeare of the Queenes Majestyes Raigne that now is, it was among other Things enacted, That no pson should dye or cause to be dyed any Cloth Wooll or other Things there menebned, with any Stuffe called Logwood ate Blockwood, uppon such penalty as in the said Statute is menc&ned; since the making of which Statute sundry evill disposed psons have sought to defraude the true meaning of the said Statute, and to avoyde the penalty therein conteyned, by cunning using or mixing the said Logwood ate Blockwood, together with Woad or other Stuffe, which is not onely contrary to the true meaning of the said former Acte, and to the great deceipte of her Majestyes loving Subjects, but also to the discredit of the trade of Clothing,

Recited Act repealed.

II.

Subjecti may export Fish to friendly Countriea in certain Ship*.

HI.

Duties on foreign Salt-fish imported.

IV.

Unsound Salt-fish imported shall be forfeited.

V.

Ordinances of Companies, for restraining Sale of Fish, declared void.

VI.

Continuance of Act.

St. aj Elia. c. 9. prohibiting the Use of Logwood in dying;

Evasion t hereof;


912

39° Eliz. c. 11,12.

A.D. 1597-S.

Justice! of Peace, on Information, may summon Workmen of Dyers using Logwood, and bind the Dyers to appear at the Quarter Sessions, he. or on Refusal, commit them.

Penalty on Conviction, Pillory and agio.

specyally in forreine Cuntries, where heretofore Englysh Clothes have bene had in good accompte and reckoning: For [the'] redres of which Fraude, and to thintente the said practyze may hereafter be the better discovered, (which being closely and secreately done by the Offendors will otherwise hardly be founde out,) and that the said practyse, according to the true entent and meaning of the said former Statute, be henceforth utterly abolyshed; Be it therefore ordeyned and enacted by auctoritye of this psent Parliament, That yf any pson shalbe so suspected to oifende, then any Jusrice or Justicf of Peace of the same County where the said supposed Offendor shall dwell, yf he dwell out of a corporate Towne or Cittye, and yf he dwell within any corporate Towne or Cyttye, then the Maior Baylyff or other Head Officer, being a Justice of Peace of such corporate Towne or Cittye where such supposed Offendor shall dwell, upon Notyce and Informac&n to him or them given in that behalfe, shall by auctority of this Acte, by his or their Warrante or other Comaundement, cause to come before him or them the Servantf and Worckmen of such supposed Offendors, and other psons able to disclose the said Deceipte, and them to examine by their Oath or otherwise; And yf upon the same Examynacon they shall finde any pson or psons, after the first day of February next ensuyng, to have used or caused to be used in the dyeng or couloring of any Cloth Wooll Yame Grograine Buffens or Silke, or any Thing made of Woollen Yarne or Silke, any Logwood ats Blockwood, or now or heretofore reputed and and taken for Logwood ats Blockwood, that then the said Justicf or Justice Maior Baylyf, or other Head Officer being a Justice of Peace, shall not onely binde with Surety all such pson or psons whome they shall finde so suspected to have offended, and such others as may discover the same Offence, to the next Quarter Sessions or Gaole Deliverye which shall happen to be holden for that Countye Citty or Towne Corporate, but also to ftifie all such Examinaf&ns and Deposicons as tende to the finding out or discoverye of the said OffencP at the said Gaole Delivery or Quarter Sessions; And also yf any such pson so suspected to have offended, uppon Examynac&n aforesaid, shall refuse to be bounde as aforesaid, then the said pson or psons, so refusing, to be comitted to the next Gaole, there to remayne till he she or they shall so become bounde with Suretyes; And that the said Justicf of Assise or Justicf of Peace at such Gaole Delivery or Quarter Sessions, shall have auctoritye by this Acte to indicte and try the Offendors by the usuall course of Indictmentf and Triallf in like Cases; And after such Convice&n to adjudge the said Offendors to be set openly on the Pillory in the said Citty or Market Towne where the same Offence shalbe comitted, and yf it shall not be in any Marcket Towne then in the next Market Towne adjoyning in the same Countye, there to contynue by all the tyme of the Market, one or moe Dayes by their Discresion for every such Offence; And further that every such Offendor beside his said Corporall Punyshment, shall forfeite for every such Offence the Some of Twenty Pounds ; The one Moyty of which S5me of Money shalbe to our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majestye, her Heires and Successors, and the other Moytye to him that will sue for the same by Acc&n of Debte Bill Plainte or Informac&n in any Courte of Recorde; in which Suite no Essoyne Pteccon Wager of Lawe nor Writ of Priviledge for the Defendant shalbe admitted or allowed. And the Party offencl-.ig being thereof convicted to remayne in Pryson without Baile or Maineprise till he have satisfied the same.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for thexplanaf&n of the Statute made in the fifth yeare of her Majesties Raigne conSnyng Laborers.

Recital of Stat.

5 Eli*, c. 4.1 i i, See. for regulating Wages of Labourers;

WHEREAS by an Acte made in the Parlyament holden at Westm in the fifte yeare of the Raigne of the Queenes most excellent Majestye, intituled An Acte towching divers Orders for Artyficers Labourers Servantf of Husband rye and Apprentizes, it was pvided and enacted by the auctority of the said Parlyament, for the declaraf&n and lymytac&n what Wags Servantf Labourers and Artyficers eyther by the yeare or daye or otherwyse shoulde have k receive, that the Justicf of Peace of every Shire Ryding or Libtie within the lymitf of their severall Comyssions or the more part of them being then resiant within the same, and the Sheryff of that County, if he convenyently may, and every Maior Baylyf or other Head Officer within any Citty or Towne Corporate wherein is any Justice of Peace within the lymitf of the said Citty or Towne Corporate and of the said Corporac&n, should before the tenth day of June next c5minge, and afterwards shoulde yearely at every Generali Sessions first to be holden and kept after Easter, or at some tyme convenient within sixe weeks next following every of the said Feastf of Easter, assemble themselves together, and they so assembled, calling unto them such discreete 8t grave psons of the said Countye or of the said Cittye or Towne Corporate as they shall thincke meete, and conferring together respecting the plenty or scarcyty of the tyme and other circumstancf necessarilye to be considered, should have auctority by vertue hereof within the lymitf and pcynctf of their severall Comissions, to lymit rate and appoint the Wags, as well of such and so many of the said Artyficers Handicraftsmen Husbandmen or any other Labourer §vant or Worckman whose Wages in tyme past hath bene by any Lawe or Statute rated and appointed, and also the wages of all other Labourers Artyficers Workmen or Apprentizes of Husbandry which have not bene rated, as they the same Justicf Mayors or Head Officers within their severall Comyssions or Libties should thincke meete by their discrec&ns to be rated lymitted or appointed by the yeare or by the daye weeke moneth or otherwyse, with Meate and Drincke or without Meate and Drincke, and what Wags every Worckman or Labourer shoulde take by the greate for mowing reaping or threshing of Come and Grayne, and for mowing and making of Heye, or for ditching paling rayling or hedging by the Rod Pearche Lugge Yeard Pole Rope or Foote, and for any other kinde of reasonable Laboures or Service; and should yearely before the twelfe day of July next after the said Assessement and Rats so appointed and made, certifie the

* O. omits.


A.D. 1597-«

39° Eliz. c. 12, 13,

913

same ingrossed in Pchment with the Consideracbus and Causes thereof, under their Hands and Seales into the Qucenes

most Honorable Court of Chauncery, to the ende that Pclamacon should be made in the Name of the Queenes

Majesty, her Heires or Successors, for the observing of the same Rats; in such sort manner and forme as in the

said Acte more at large is declared: And Whereas the said Acte hath not according to the true meaning thereof Doubu thereon;

bene duely put in Execuc&n, whereby the Rats of Wags for poore Artyficers Laborers and other psons, whose wags

was meant to be rated by the said Acte, have not bene rated and proporc&ned according to the Plentye Scarsity

Necessity and Respecte of the Time, which was pollitiquely intended by the said Acte, by Reason Ambiguyty

and Questyon have risen and beene made, whether the rating of all manner Artyficers Worckmen and Worckweomen

his or their Wags, other then such as by some Statute and Lawe have beene rated, or els such as did worcke about

Husbandrye; Forasmuch as the said Lawe hath beene founde beneficiall for the Comon Welth : Be it enacted That Recited Act

the said Statute, and the Auctoritye by the same Statute given to any pson or psons for assessing and rating of Wags, to Weaxen, kc.

and the Auctority to them in the said Acte comitted, shalbe expounded and construed, and shall by force of this Acte

give Auctority, to all psons having any such Auctoritye, to rate Wages of any Laborers Weavers Spinsters and Workmen

or Workweomen whatsoever, eyther working by Day Weeke Moneth Yere or taking any Worcke at any pson or psons

hande whatsoever to be done.

And Whereas in divers Shires within this Realme the Justicf of Peace have not usually kepte their generall Wages may be Sessions in one Place of the Shire together, but the generall Sessions have bene kepte in severall placf for severall Divysions; By reason whereof the most part of the Justicf of the Peace c5ming not together, nor rating of Wages of Shires, could well be made in the said Shire where such generall Sessions have bene used : Be it enacted by auctority of this £feent Parliament, That the most Justicf of Peace, or the more parte of them resyant in such Divysion in any Shire within this Realme, where such Sessions have bene usually severally kepte, shall at the same Sessions, or at such tyme of rating of Wags as is lymited by the said Acte made in the fyfte yeare of her Majestyes Raigne, have as full Auctority and Power to rate all manner of Wags to be rated, within the Lymitf of such Dyvysion in any such Shire, as yf the same were done in the general Sessions for the said Countye, or by the most Part of the Justicf meeting for the rating of Wags by the said Acte.

And be it further enacted, That after the Rats made for Wags and ingrossed in Pchment under their Hands and Seales of them having Auctoritye to rate the same, it shall and may be lawfull to the Sheriff of the said Countye, or to the Maior or Cheyfe Officer or Officers of any Citty or Towne Corporat, to cause Pclamac6n to be made of the severall Rats so rated, in so many Placf within their Auctorityes as to them shall seeme convenyent, and as yf the same had bene sent downe printed by the Lorde Chancellor or Keep after Declarac&n therof to her Majestye, and ftyficat of the same into the Queenes most Honorable Court of Chancery ; and that every pson and psons shalbe bounde to observe the said Rats in giving and receyving Wags, uppon the Paynes and Punyshmentf men coed in the said Acte, and to be recovered or Punyshment inflicted as in the said Acte is menc&ned.

Ill

Proclamation of the Rate* by Sheriffa, &c.

And be it further enacted, That no pson or psons shall incurre any Daunger or Penaltye for not making 8tyficat RatfJ J^'not ^ into the Queenes most Honorable Courte of the Chauncery, of any Rats of Wags appointed to be trifled by the said certified into Acte made in the said fifte yeare of the Queene : But the said Rats, ingrossed in Pchment and sealed as aforesaid, shall be^epVh’y'cuatM11 yf the same be in any Shire, be kepte by the Custos Rotulop of the said Countye, amongest the Records in his Rotu*orum>&c-Custody for the said Shire, and in any Citty or Towne Corporate amongest the Records of the said Citty or Towne Corporate: This Acte to continue till the ende of one yeare next after the next Session of Parliament. Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Explanac&n of an Acte made in the eleaventh yere of King Henry the Seaventh, for Fustyans.

WHEREAS by an Acte made in the eleaventh yeare of King Henry the Seaventh, the Maior and Wardens of St.11H.VII.c t7.

V v Sheremen of the Citty of London for the tyme being, shoulde have auctoritye to enter and searche the ^7 jnTjondon workmanship of all manner of psons occupieng the broade Sheere, aswell Fustyans as Cloth, and the execucon of the said Acte for using any Instrumentf of Yron or other untrue subtill meane or sleighte in dressing the same; since which tyme for that the Lorde Maior of London cannot convenyently go in his owne pson to make the said searche by reason of his other waighty occasions, divers have resisted the Wardens of the Sheremen going abroade in offering to make searche according to the said Lawe; And for want of due & dayly search in that behalfe divers have of late dayes put in ure the Yron Intrumentf and other sleightf forbidden by the said recyted Act, to the greate deceipte of her Majestyes people, amongest whome the wearing of Fustyans is lately growen to more use as may seeme then ever it was beforetyme; which Company of Sheremen, together with the Company of Fullers, were since the said Acte made one Company by the Name of Clotheworkers, and so no such search can be duelye made : For Remedy hereof, Be it therefore enacted by the Queenes most Excellent Majestye, with the Consent of the Lords Spuall and s h s f Tempo rail and the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled, and by the auctority of the same. That from henceforth be made by Lord it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Lorde Maior of the Citty of London, or his sufficyent Deputy, and to ffirw whk and for the Master and Wardens of the said Mystery of Clothworkers of London, or suctv discreete psons as the Mailer and Wank* saide Master and Wardens of the said Mysterye of Clothworkers for the tyme beinge shall from tyme to tyme appointe,


to Z

d

914

39° Eliz. c. 13—15

A.D. 1597-8.

Foreign Cards for Wool shill not be imported ; on Pain of Forfeiture thereof.

II.

Continuance of Act.

Offenders convicted of dealing Goods in the Day-time to the Value of js. in any Dwelling House or Outhouse belonging, none being therein, shall be deprived of Benefit of Clergy.

to enter and make searche as the said Maior of London and Wardens of Sheremen might have done together, by the said Acre in the said eleaventh yeare of King Henry the Seaventh; upon paine that the pson or psons which shall make resistance herein, shall forfeite for every such resistance Twenty Shillingf of lawfull Money of Englande, thone halfe to her Majesty, and the other halfe to him or them that will sue for the same by Acc&n of Debte Bill Plaint or Informac&n in any of the Queenes Courts of Recorde where the same may be determined, after the Course of the Cdmon Lawe; And that the Defendant in such case in no wyse be admitted to wage his Law, nor that any £tecf&n or Essoyne be in the same allowable.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Act phibiting the bringing into this Realme of anye forreigne Cardf for Wooll.

WHEREAS many thowsandf of Wollen Cardmakers and Cardwyerdrawers, of the Cittyes of London Bristol!

Glouc Norwich Coventfye and of many other her Highnes Cittyes and Townes within this Realme, have heretofore lyved and well mainteyned themselves their Wyves Famylies and Children by the benefit and use of their Trade and Faculty of Cardmakinge and drawing of Cardwyer within this Realme ; And now of late tyme, by reason of the comon bringing in of forreine Cardf for Wooll out of France and other forreine parts, the said Cardmakers and Cardwyerdrawers have been so much ympoveryshed, that scant the twentith pson that heretofore lyved by the said Tradf is now mainteyned and set on worcke thereby: Be it enacted by our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majesty and by the Lords Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this p'sent Parlyament assembled and by auctority of the same, That no pson or psons whatsoever from or after the Feast Day of the Puryficacon of the blessed Virgyn Saint Marye now next ensuyng, shall bring sende or convey, or cause to be brought sente or conveyed into this Realme of Englande or Wales from the parts beyonde the Seas, any Cardf for Wooll to be solde bartered or exchaunged within the Realme of Englande or Wales; uppon payne to forfeite all such Cardf for Wooll so to be brought sent or conveyed cont*ry to the true meanynge of this Acte, in whose hands soever they or any of them shalbe founde, or the very value thereof; the one halfe whereof to be to our said Soveraigne Ladye the Quenes Majestye her Heires and Successors, and the other moyty thereof to him or them that will seize the same or sue therefore in any Court of Recorde of the Queenes Majestye her Heires and Successors, by Acc&n of Debte Bill Plainte Informac&n or otherwyse, in which Acc&ns Suits Plaintf or Informations no Wager of Lawe Essoyne or Ptecc&n shalbe allowed.

This Acte to endure unto the ende of the first Session of the next Fliament.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte that no pson robbing any Howse in the Day time, although no pson be therein, shalbe admitted to have the benefit of his Clergye.

WHEREAS of late yeares divers lewde and felonious psons understanding that the Penaltye of the robbing of Howses in the Day tyme (no pson being in the Howse at the tyme of the Robbery) is not so penall as to comit or doe a Robbery in any Howse any pson being therein at the tyme of the Robbery; which hath and doth embolden divers lewde psons to watch their oportunytye and tyme to comit and do many haynous Robberies, in breaking and entring divers honest psons Howses, and specyally of the porer sorte of People, who by reason of their Povertye are not able to keepe any Servaunt, or otherwyse to leave any Body to looke to their Howse when they goe abroade to heare Divyne Service, or from home to followe their Laboure to get their Lyving, which is to the Hinderance and Losse of good Subject? and the utter ympoveryshing of many pore Widdowes sole Weomen and other People: Be it therefore enacted by our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes most excellent Majestye, the Lord? Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons of this p'sent Parliament assembled, That yf any pson or psons after the ende of this p'sent Session of Parliament shalbe founde guilty and convicted, by Verdict Confession or otherwyse according to the Lawes of this Realme, for the felonyous takinge awaye, after the Feaste of Easter now next ensuyng, in the Day tyme, of any Money Good? or Cattell, being of the Value of Five Shillingf or upwardf, in any Dwelling Howse or Howses, or any Part thereof, or any Outhowse or Outhowses belonginge and used to and with any Dwelling Howse or Howses, although no pson shalbe in the said Howse or Outhowses at the tyme of such Felonye comitted, then such pson and psons shall not be admitted to the Benefit of his or their Cleargye, but shalbe utterly excluded thereof.

A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 16, 17.

915

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte to restraine thexcessive makinge of Malte.

WHEREAS greater Quantitye of Maulte is dayly made then eyther in tymes past or is now needefull: Be it enacted by auctority of this Psent Parlyamente, That from tyme to tyme and at all times hereafter it shall and may be lawfull for the Justicf of Peace within this Realme, in their open Quarter Sessions, or the more parte of them by their discrecbns, to suppres dischardge or restraine the supfluous and unnecessary Number of Maultsters in parte or in the whole, and also to restraine such pson and psons as to their Discretions shall seeme meete, from the buyeng of Barleye to convert into Mault in part or in all, for such tyme or tymes as to their Discrec&ns shall seeme meete: And yf any pson or psons shall refuse disobey or not pforme such suppressing discharging or restraynte, or any order whatsoever the said Justicf shall set downe towching the same, that then and so often such pson and psons, being thereof duely convicted before the said Justicf or any Two of them by the testymony of two Witnesses or by his owne Confession, shalbe by the said Justicf comitted to the comon Gaole of the County Citty or Corporate Towne wherein the Offence is comytted, there to remaine without Bayle or Mayneprise by the space of thre dayes, and from thence untill hee shall become bounden by Recognizance in the some of forty pounde, to be taken to the use of her Majesty before any Justice of Peace, to stande to pforme and obey such suppressing discharging or restrainte taken by the said Juticf as aforesaid.

Provided alwayes, That the said Justicf of Peace within any County of this Realme shall not intromit or enter into any Cittye Boroughe or Towne Corporate for execution of any Article in this Acte, excepte he be a Justice of Peace also in the said Cittye Boroughe or Towne Corporate, but that it shalbe lawfull to the Justicf of Peace Maiors Baylifff and other head Officers of those Cittyes Boroughes and Townes Corporate where they keepe Sessions, to pceede to the Execution of this Acte and every Article thereof within the p>cnyctf of their Libties, at such tyme and tymes and as often as to them shall seeme meete, in as large and ample manner as the Justicf of Peace in any County may do.

Provided also. That it shall and may be lawfull to and for every pson and psons which shall have of his owne, any Barley or Come growing, or any Tithe Corne or Rente Come reserved uppon any Lease or Demyse, to convert into Mault all or any such Barley or Corne ; Any thing in this p>sente Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, That no manner of pson or psons shall deale or meddle in the Execuc&n of this Acte that use to buye Barley to convert to Malt and to sell the same agayne.

This Acte shall not endure or contynue any longer Tyme but untill the Ende of the next Session of the next Parlyament.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Acte against lewde and wandering psons {^tending themselves to be Soldiers or Marryners.

WHEREAS dyvers lewde and lycencyous Psons, contemnyng both Lawes Magistratf and Religion have of late dayes wandered up and downe in all parts of the Realme under the Name of Soldiers and Marryners, abusing the title of that honourable Pfession to countenance their wicked Behavioures, and do contynually assemble themselves weaponed in the High wayes and elsewhere in Troupes, to the greate terror and astonyshinent of her Majestyes true Subjects, the ympeachment of her Lawes, and the disturbance of the Peace and Tranquilitye of this Realme : And Whereas many haynous Outragf Robberyes and horrible Murders are dayly comitted by theis dissolute psons, and unles some speedy Remedy be had, many dangers are like by theis meanes to ensue and growe towards the Comon welth; Be it therefore enacted by the auctority of this {Psent Parlyament, That all idle and wandering Soldyers or Marryners or idle Psons which now are or hereafter shalbe wandring as Soldyers or Marriners, shall settle themselves in some Service Laboure or other lawfull Course of Lyfe without wandering, or otherwyse repaire to the placf where they were borne or to their dwelling placf yf they have any, and there remayne, betaking themselves to some lawfull Trade or Course of Lyfe as aforesaid; uppon payne that all psons offending contrary to this Acte to be reputed as Felons, and to suffer as in case of Felonye without any benefit of Cleargy to be allowed.

And be it further enacted, That every idle and wandring Soldyer or Marryner which comyng from his Captayne from the Seas, or from beyonde the Seas, shall not have a Testymonyall under the Hand of some one Justice of the Peace of or neare the Place where he landed, setting downe therein the place and tyme where and when he landed, and the place of his Dwelling or Birth unto which he is to pas as aforesaid, and a convenyent tyme therein lymitted for his Passage, or having such Testymonyall shall wilfully exceede the tyme therein lymited above fourteene dayes; And also aswell every such idle and wandering Soldyer or Marryner, as every other idle pson wandering as Soldyer

J unite i in Quailrv Scfliom may make Orders for suppressing the making ofMalt.

II.

Proviso

for Jurisdiction of Justices in Corporations.

III. Proviso for private malting.

IV.

Maltsters shall not act as Justices.

V.

Continuance of Ad.

Vagabonds, pretending to be Soldiers or Sailors, shall repair to work or to their Parish, or be deemed Felons without Clergy.

II.

Soldiers or Sailors having forged Testimonials, &c. declared Felons without Clergy.

916 39° Eliz. c. 17, 18. A.D. 1597-8.

or Marryner, which shall at any tyme hereafter forge or count erfeite any such Testymonyall, or have with him or them any such Testymonyall forged or counterfeited as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeyted or forged, in all theis cases every such Acte or Acts to be Felonye, and the Offendors to suffer as aforesaid, without any Benefit of Clergy.

hi. Justices of Assize, &c may convict and execute Offenders, unless some one take them as Servants for Twelve Months. And be it further enacted, That it shalbe lawful for the Justicf of Assizes Justicf of Gaole Delivery and Justicf of Peace of every County, and for all Justicf of Peace in Townes Corporate, having auctority to heare and determyne Fellonyes, to heare and determine all such Offencf in their Generali Sessions, and to execute the Offendors which shalbe convicted before them, as in cases of Felonye is accustomed; except some honest pson, valued at the last Subsedy next before the tyme to tenne pounds in Goods or Fortye shillingf in Lands, or els some honest Freholder as by the said Justicf shalbe allowed, wilbe contented, before such Justicf as such pson shalbe arraigned of Felonye, to take him or them into his service for one whole yeare then next following, and then before the said Justicf wilbe bounde by Recognizance of Tenne pounds, to be levyed of his Lands Goods Tenementf and Chattels, to the use of our Soveraigne Lady the Queene, yf he kepe not the said pson or psons for one whole yeare, and bring him to the next Sessions for the Peace and Gaole Delivery next ensuyng after the said yeare; and yf any such pson reteyned depart within the yeare, without the Iycense of him that so reteyned him, then to be indicted tryed and judged as a Felon, and not to have the benefit of the Clergye.

IV. Proviso for Vagabonds being sick. Provided alwayes, That yf any such idle and wandringe pson as aforesaide shall happen to fell sicke by the waye, so that by reason of his weaknes he cannot travaile to his Journeys ende within the tyme lymitted within his Testymonyall, no such to be within the daunger of his Statute; so as he settle himselfe in some lawfull course of lyfe as aforesaid, or repaire as aforesaid to the place where he was borne or was last abiding, within convenyent tyme after the recovery of his sicknes, and there remayne as aforesayde; Any thinge in this Statute conteyned to the cont*ry notwithstandinge.

V. For providing Work, *rc. for Soldier or Sailor at his Parish. Provided also and be yt further enacted, That when any such Souldyer or Marryner coming from the Seas or from beyonde the Seas as aforesaid, shall repaire to the place of his Dwellinge or Byrth, according to the purport of the said Testymonyall, and cannot of himselfe get there anye worcke, whereby to ymploy himselfe to laboure or other lawfull course of lyfe as aforesaid, that then in all such cases, uppon complainte made by such Soldyer or Marryner to two Justicf of Peace of the said Countye of or neare the said Place, the said two Justicf shall take order by their discretion to set such Soldier or Marryner to some such honest laboure or Worcke as to them shalbe thought meete; And for wante of such worke the said two Justicf shall taxe the whole Hundred by their discrecyon for the Releife of such Soldyer or Marryner till such sufficyent worcke may be had.

VI. For relieving Soldiers, he. in their way Home. Provided also, That if any such Soldier or Marriner comyng from the Seas, or from beyonde the Seas as aforesaid, shall not at the tyme of his landinge, or in his travayle to the place whereunto he is to repaire as aforesaid going the directe way, that then he resorte to some Justice of the Peace next adjoining to the said Place of Landing or Waye, and make knowen unto the said Justice his Poverty; who upon pfecte notice thereof had, shall have full power and auctority by this p>sent Acte to lycence the same Soldyer or Marryner to pas the next and directe way to the place where he is to repayre, and to lymit him so much tyme onely as shalbe necessarye for his travaile thither j And that in such case his Lycense beinge so made, and he pursuynge the forme of such his Lycence, shall and may for his necessary Releife in his such travayle, aske and take the Releife that any pson shall willingly give him, and in such case his such travaile and takinge of Aimes as aforesaid shall not be taken an Offence against this Lawe.

VII. Felony shall not work Corruption of Blood. Provided also, That this Acte nor any thinge therein conteyned shall extende or be interpreted to make or worcke any Corrupf&n of Bloud in any the Heires or Heire of any such Offendor or Offendors ; Any thing in this Acte to the confry notwithstanding.

VIII. Commencement and Continuance of Act. Provided also and be it further enacted, That this Acte shall not take any force or effect till forty dayes next after the end of this Session of Pliament, and shall contynue to thende of the Parliament next ensuynge.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte for the reviving continuance explanacOn pfecting and repealing of divers Statutf.

Temporary Acts it H.VIII. c.1*. Cablet, tec. a4 H.VIII. c. 9. killing Weanlings; IT 7 HE RE in the first Session of Parliament begunne in the Citty of London the thirde day of November v v in the one and twentyth yere of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde of famous Memory King Henry the Eighte, and from thence adjourned and proroged to the Palayce of Westffi, an Acte or Statute was made, entituled An Acte for the true makinge of Cables Halsers and Ropes: And where in the Parlyament holden upon ProrogacOn at Westfii the fourth day of Februarye in the fewer and twentyth yeare of the Raigne of the said Kinge, there was one other Acte made, entituled An Act againste killing of younge Beastf called Weanelings:

(^fl Original from ^*3'^ PENN STATE

. ID. 1597-8-

39° Eliz. c. 18.

917

And where in the Session of Parly ament ended at Wes tin the first day of Februarye in the fowcrth yeare of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lorde Kinge Edward the Sixt, one Acte was made concerning the buyeng and selling of Rother Beastf and Cattell; And also one other Acte was then & there lykewyse made intituled An Acte for the buyeng and selling of Butter and Cheese: And where also in the Parlyament begunne at Westm the thre and twentyth day of January in the first yeare of the Raigne of the Quenes Majesty that now is, and there contynued by Prorogac&n untill the dissoluc&n thereof, an Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for the p'servacdn of spawne and fry of Fyshe: And where also in the first Session of Parlyament holden at Westiii the twelfte day of January in the fyfte yeare of her Highnes Raigne, one Acte was then and there made, entituled An Acte for maynten*nce and increase of Tyllage; And one other Acte was also then and there made, intituled An Acte for the avoydinge of divers forreine Wares made by Handycraftf men beyonde the Seas; And one other Acte was lykewyse then and there made, entituled An Acte towchinge certeyne Politicke Constitucdns made for the maynten*nce of the Navye: And where also in the last Session of Parlyamente holden by Prorogac&n at Westiii the last day of September in the Eight yeare of her Majestyes Raigne, one Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for Bowyers and the Pricf of Bowes: And where also in the Parlyament begunne and holden at Westiii the seconde daye of Aprill in the thirtenth yeare of her Majestyes Raigne, there was one Acte and Statute made for the avoyding of some Leases in c*teyne Cases to bee made of Eccfiasticall Pmocons with Cure, entituled An Acte towchinge Leases of Beneficf and other Eccfiasticall Lyvingf with Cure: And where also there was then and there one other Acte made intituled An Acte that Purveyors maye take Grayne Corne and Victuals within fyve myles of Cambridge and Oxforde in certeyne Cases: And also one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte against Usurye: And also one other Acte was then and there made intituled An Acte for the contynuance of making of Cappes: And where in the first Session of Parlyament holden at Westni the eight daye of May in the fourtenth yeare of her Highnes Raigne, there was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the [contynuance'] explanation pfecting and enlarging of divers Statutf, in which Statutf are conteyned divers Branches Clauses and Provysions towching and concerning the explanation pfecting and enlardging of divers of the Statutf before mentioned: And where also there was then and there one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the Punyshment of Vagabondf, and for the Releife of the Pore and Ymporent: And where in the Parlyament holden at Westiii aforesaid in the Eightenth yeare of her Majestyes Raigne, there was one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for settinge the Pore on Worcke, and for the avoydinge of Idlenes: And also one other Acte was then and there made, entituled An Acte for the repayring and amending of the Bridgf and Highwayes neare unto the Citie of Oxenforde: And where in the Parlyament holden by Prorogac&n at Westm the sixtenth day of January in the three and twentith yeare of her

Majesties Raigne, one Acte was made, intituled An Acte for the repairing of Dover Haven : And where in the

Parlyament holden at Westm the thre and twentyth day of November in the seaven and twentyth yeare of her

Majesties Raigne, one other Acte was made for the revyving contynuance explanae&n and pfecting of divers Statutf

in which are conteyned dyvers Branches ^visions and Clauses touching and con?ninge Steyne Addicions and Alrerac&ns unto and of divers of the said former recyted Statutf and other newe ^visions: And where there was then and there one other Acte made, intituled An Acte against covenous and fraudulent Conveyancf: And then and there one other Acte was made, intituled An Acte for the levyeng of Yssues lost by Jurors: And also there was then and there one other Acte made, intituled An Acte for the good Governement of the Citty or Borough of Westni: And whereas in the Parlyament holden at Westiii uppon Progac&n the fourth daye of November in the seconde yeare of the Raigne of the late Kinge of most famous Memorye Kinge Edwarde the Sixt, one Acte was made, intituled An Acte for the true making of Maulte; whiche saide Statute was discontinued, and by another Acte made in the said Parlyament holden at Westiii in the saide seaven and twentyeth yeare of the Quenes Majestyes Raigne that now is, intituled An Acte for the revyving of a former Statute for the true making of Maulte, was revyved and contynued : And also one other Acte was there made in the said seaven and twentyth yeare, intituled An Acte for the keeping of the Seabanckf and Seaworckf in the County of Norff: And where in the Parliament holden at Westni the fourth day of February in the one and thirtyth yeare of the Quenes Majestyes Raigne that now is, there was an Acte made, entituled An Acte for the true gawging of Vessels brought from beyonde the Seas, converted by Bruers for the utterance and sale of Ale and Beere: And also one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for revyving and inlarging of a Statute made in the thre and twentyth yeare of her Majestyes Raigne for the Releife of the Citty of Lincolne: And where in the Parlyament holden at Westni the nynetenth day of February in the five and thirtyth yeare of the Queenes Majesties Raigne that now is, there was an Acte made, intituled An Acte to reteyne the Queenes Majestyes Subjects in their due obedyence; And also one other Act was then and there made, entituled An Acte for the necessary Releife of Soldyers and Marriners; And also one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for the reformac&n of sundry Abuses in Clothes called Devonshire Kerseys or Dozens, according to a Pclamac&n of the sower and thirtyth yeare of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majesty that now is; And also one other Acte was then and there made, intituled An Acte for the bringing in of C.lapboarde from the parts of beyonde the Seas, and the restrayning of transportinge of Wyne Caske, for the sparing and p>serving ofTymber within the Realme: That forasmuch as the said Acte made in the saide thirtenth yeare of the Queenes Majestyes Raigne that now is, intituled An Acte against Usurye, And one other Acte of the saide Acts made in the seaven and twentyth yeare of the Queenes Majesties Raigne that now is, intituled An Acte against covenous and fraudulent Conveyancf, And one other of the aforesaid Acts made in the said seaven and twentyth yeare of the Queenes Majestyes Raigne, intituled An Acte for the levyenge of Yssues lost by Jurors, are by proofe and cxpyence founde to be very necessarye and pfitable to the Comonwealth of this Reahne ; For which cause, Be it enacted by the Queenes most excellent Majesty, with the assente of the Lords Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this pWnt

3 & 4 E. VI. c.19. Rother Beasts;

c. xr. Butter, See.

1 Eliz. c. 17.

Fry of Fish

St at. Elix. c. x. Tillage 5

c. 7. Importation of foreign Wares

0.5. Nary,

8 Elix. c. 10. Bowyers

I] Eliz. c. xo. Leases of Benefices;

c.xi. Purveyance;

c. 8. Usury;

c. 19. Caps;

14 Eliz. c. It. continuing ami amending Act

14 Eliz. c. 3. Vagabonds;

18 Eliz. c. 3. Employment of the Poor; c. xo. Highways near Oxford;

23 Eliz. c.6. Dover Haven; 27 Eliz. c. 11. continuing and amending Act

c. 4. fraudulent Conveyances, c. 7. Issues lost by Jurors, c. 31. Westminster.

2, 3 Ed. VI. e. 10. Malt ; revived by 27 Eliz. c. 14.;

17 Eliz. c. 24. Sea-hanks;

31 Eliz. c. H. Beer Vessels;

31 Eliz. Lincoln City

[»®/ inrolltd, nor printrd.]

3; Eliz. c. I. Allegiance; c. 4. Relief of Soldiers, J.C.; c. 10. Cloths

c. 11. Clap-boards;

Three Acts, viz. 13 Eliz. c. 8.

27 Eliz. c. 4. fraudulent

Conveyances;

c. 7. lurors ; all made perpetual.

1 continewac&n 0.


Goi 'Qlc 0

918

39° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1597-8-

ii.

Continuing Acti 14 Elix. c. 11.

27 Elix. e. 11. ind til the other recited Acti, (except thoie made perpetual or otherwise provided for Djr thia Act,) continued to End of next Parliament.

III.

5 Eliz. c. j. Nary; 23 Eliz. c. 6. Dover Harbour j 18 Eliz. c. ao. Oxford Highway!, continued at amended by JJ Eliz. c.7.

IV.

5 Elix. c. 7. foreign Ware* continued.

V.

13 Eliz. c. ip. Capi j repealed.

VI. jEli*. c.a. Tillage! repealed in Part, &c.

Vli.

14 Eliz. c. 5. Vagabonds i 18 Eliz. c.3. Employment of the Poor i revived, tee.

VIII.

SS Eliz. c.4. Soldiers, continued:

[Sm chapter 21.

0/ tiit Section.J

Parlyament assembled and by the auctority of the same, That the said three last recyted severall Acts, made in the said Thirtenth and in the Seaven and twentith yeares of the Quenes Majestyes Raigne, and every of them, and all and every the Branches Clauses and Pvisions in them and every of them conteyned, shall from hencefoorth be remaine and contynue in force and effecte for ever.

And Forasmuch as the Braunches Clauses and iVysions conteined and specyfied in the saide two severall Acts of Contynuaunce made in the Fowertenth and Seaven and twentyth yeares of her Majestyes Raigne, in addic&n alterac&n explanac&n pfecting and inlarginge of divers of the saide Statutf and other Statutf, and all the Residue of the said recited Acts and Statutf, Except the said three several Statutf before hereby made ppetual, and excepte also the said Acte made, intituled An Act for the avoyding of dyvers forreyne Wares made by Handycraftf men beyond the Seas, and the said Acte made, intituled An Acte towching Pollitique Constitucons made for the maynten'nce of the Navye, and the Estatute intituled An Acte for the mainten*nce and increase of Tyllage made in the fifte yeare of the Queenes Majesties Raigne, the said Acte made for the contynuance of making of Cappes, in the said thirtenth yeare of the Raigne of the Queenes Majesty that now is, The Acte made in the fourtenth yeare of the Quenes Majestyes Raigne, intituled An Act for the punyshing of Vagabondf, and for the Releife of the Poore and Ympotent, The Act made in the Eightenth yeare of her Majestyes Raigne, intituled An Act for setting of Pore on Worcke, and for the avoyding of Idlenes, And the said Acte made for the repayring of Dover Haven, And the said Acte made for the necessary Releife of Soldyers and Marryners, do seme good and beneficyall to the Weale and Pfit of this Realme: Be it enacted by the auctoritye of this Psent Parlyament, That the said Branches Clauses and Pvysions of the said Two Acts of Contynuaunce, and the Residue of the said recyted Statutf and Acts, excepte before excepted, and every of them, shalbe by auctority of this psent Parlyament, revived contynued and indure in force and effect, untill the ende of the next Parlyament next ensuyng.

And as concerning the said Acte towching politique Constituc&ns made for the maynten'nce of the Navye, and the said Acte made for the repayringe of Dover Haven, and the said Acte (') for repayring and amending the Bridgf and Highwayes neare unto the Cittye of Oxforde, the same shalbe and contynue in force untill the ende of the next Parlyament; in such Manner and Forme, and with the same and like Pvysions Qualyficac&ns and Alteracons as by the [said *] Statute made in the five and thirtith yeare of the Queenes Majestyes Raigne that now is, intituled An Acte for Revyving Contynuaunce Explanation and pfecting of divers Statutf, are quallyfied altered or dispenced with.

And that the said Acte made for the avoyding of dyvers forreine Wares made by Handycraftf Men beyonde the Seas, shalbe revived contynued and be and remaine from henceforth in force, unto the ende of the next Parlyament.

And that the said Acte made for the Contynuaunce of making of Cappf shalbe from henceforth repealed and made voyde.

And that the said Acte, intituled An Acte for maynten'nce and increase of Tillage, for so much thereof as doth conceme Tillage, shalbe repealed •, and for so much of the same Acte as doth concerne the Mainten*nce Repayring or Contynuance of any Howses of Husbandry, and the Lands thereunto belonginge, it shall be contynued and be in force unto the ende of the next Parlyament; yf no other Acte be made for the Maynten'nce of Howses of Husbandry and against the Decay thereof in this psent Parlyament.

And that the said Acts, the one intituled An Acte for the punyshmentf of Vagabondf, and for the Releife of the Pore and Ympotent, the other intituled An Acte for setting of Pore on Worcke, and for the avoyding of Idlenes, shalbe revived, and stand and be contynued and in force until the ende of the next Parlyament: Excepte for so much of the same Two severall Statutf, and eyther of them, as shalbe altered repealed or otherwyse provided for or made voide by any Acte of Parlyament made in this psent Parlyament.

Provided and be it further enacted by auctority of this psent Parlyament, That the said Acte made in the five and thirtith yeare of the Queenes Majestyes Raigne that now is, intituled An Acte for the necessary Releife of Soldyers and Marryners, for so much thereof as shall not be altered or otherwyse pvided for by any other Acte made in this psent Session of Parlyament, shalbe in force and contynue unto the ende of the next Parlyament; Any Thinge in this psent Acte to the contrary notwithstandinge.

1 made 0. 4 So in Original Act j but the Act 35 Eliz. c.7. is not before referred to in the present Act.


A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 19.

919

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte for Amendement of Highe waies in Sussex Surrey & Kent.

WHEREAS in one Acte of Parliament made in the seaven and twentith yere of the Raigne of our SoViigne I.adye the Queenes Majestye that now ys, in one Acte then made, intituled An Acte for pservacon of Tymber in the Wildes of the Counties of Sussex Surrey and Kent, and for the Amendement for High wayes decayed by Caryag to and from Iron Mills there, some Remedye is pvided for the impairing and spoyling of High waies by [Cariage'] of Coles Myne and Iron, to and from the Iron Workes within some part of the said Counties of Surrey and Kent; And pvision for the amendinge of High waies decayed in the Countye of Sussex, by the said meanes ys lefte oute; And alsoe the said Acte hath not taken the same good effecte for the Amendment of Highwayes within the said Counties of Surrey and Kent as hath byn expected : Be yt therefore enacted by our SoPaigne Ladye the Queenes Majestye, the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comons of this psent Parliament assembled, and by the aucthoritye of the same, That soe muche of the said Acte of Parlyament, made in the said seaven and twentith yere of the Queenes Majesties Raigne, as shall concerne the Amendment of Highwayes in the said Counties of Surrey and Kent, shall from henceforth bee repealed.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That the Occupiers of any manner of Iron Workes whatsoever, as Owners or Farmers of the same, by any Estate of Inheritance for Life Lives or for terme of Yere or Yeres or at Will, which shall at any tyme hereafter carrye or cause to be carryed any Coles Myne or Iron to or for any their Iron Workes, betweene the twelveth daye of October and the first daye of Maye in any yere, shall for e9ye Three Loadcs of Cole or Myne, as alsoe for every Tonne of Iron which shalbe caryed by any maner of Wayne or Carte, betweene the said twelveth daye of October and the first daye of Maye, by the space of One Myle through any High wayes within the said Wildes of Sussex Surrey Kent or any of them, shall paye or cause to be payd unto the Justice of Peace dwelling necre unto the Places in the said Countye where the Highwayes shalbe moste annoyed, or his Assignee, the some of Three Shillingf, the same to be levied, after default of Payement thereof, by suche Justice of Peace or Assignee by waye of Distresse of any of the Goods and Chattels remayning in the said Countye, of suche pson as so should have payd such sume.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That every psonn and psons Occupier of Iron Worke, as aforesaid, which shall at any tyme hereafter carry or cause to be caried any Coles Mine or Iron to or for any their Iron Workes betweene the firste day of Maye, and the twelveth daye of October in any yere, for every Thirtie I.oades of Coles and Myne, [and '] either of them, and for every Tenne Tonnes of Iron to be carried as aforesaid, one Loade of Sinder Gravell Stone or Chalke meet for the repairinge and amendinge of the said Highe wayes as aforesaid, to be laved and ymployed in suche Place and Places of the High wayes as any Justice of the Peace of any the Counties aforesaid, dwelling neere unto the Places where the Highe wayes within the Lymittf aforesaid shalbe most annoyed by any of the meanes aforesaid, accordinge to the greater and more present Necessetye, shalbe appointed and assigned ; or els paye or cause to be paid, for and in allowance of every Cart Load in manner and forme aforesaid to have bene soe caryed and laid. Three Shillingf within eight dayes after the demaund thereof at any such Iron Worke made, to or from which Iron Worke any suche Carriage shalbe, to the Hand of the said Justice of Peace or his Assignes, the same to be levied after default of Payement uppon the Demaunde thereof from tyme to tyme by waye of Distresse; And yf suche Justice of Peace, by reason of Absence or other Occasion, doe not or shall not, within sortie dayes next after the said first daye of Maye yeerely, assigne and appointe where and in what place of the Highe waies the said Sinder Gravell Stone or Chalke to be carried as aforesaid, or where or howe the money thereof due or soe paide, shalbe ymployed and bestowed, that then the same Synder Gravell Stone or Chalke shalbe laid and ymployed, by suche psonn or psons as by this Acte are to carye and laye the same or to cause the same to be carried and layed, in suche place and places of the High waies as the Survayers within the Pishe for the tyme beinge where the High waies shalbe moste annoyed as aforesaid shall assigne or appoynt, or in default thereof paye to the said Surveyors for every such loade due and uncarried, Three Shillings in manner and forme aforesaid; uppon payne of forfeyturc of Tenne Shilling^ for every Load of Sinder Gravell Stone or Chalke not carried layed and ymployed in the Highe wayes, or Three Shillingf unpaid as is aforesaid, to be forfeited and paid by the pson and psons which by this Acte ought to carrie and laye or cause to be carried and laied the Synder Gravell Stone or Chalke, or therefore to have paid as ys aforesaid, after due Convice&n and psentment thereof had before the Justices of Oyer 81 Determiner or Justices of Peace in any of theire open Session or Sessions to be holden before them or any of them ; All which some and somes of Money to be forfeited by reason of this Acte, for or in defaulte of cariage and layeng of the said Synder Gravell Stone or Chalke or payement thereof as aforesaid, shal be likewise bestowed and ymployed uppon the amendement and repayringe of the High wayes at and by the discretion of any suche Justice of Peace as shall dwell and be resident next unto the place and places being moste annoyed by the Cariages aforesaid ; the same to be levied by waye of Distresse by any Constable Tithingman Ileadborow or other Officer thereunto to be assigned, by Warrant made in open Sessions by any Clarke of the Peace of the Countie where any the Offence or Offences aforesaid shal be coniitted, or by any twoe Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum, which were p>seiit at the Sessions wherein the said Conviction of or for any the Offences aforesaid shall be hadd j And yf noe sufficient Distresse cann be found by

' tin: orhdges 0. * or 0.

*7 Eliz. c. 19. 3. at to Highway!, repealed.

II.

Highway Ratca to be paid by Owners or Farmers of Iron Work* in Sussex, Surrey, and Kent, between ta Oct. and 1 May yearly.

Ill

Between i May and 11 Oct yearly, Gravel,\c. shall be laid on Roads in Proportion to Iron, See. carried to or from Iron Works, as directed by Justices nr Surveyors of Highways, Sic. or Payments shall be made in lieu thereof.

c '

Original from PENN STATE

920

39° Eliz. c. 19,20.

A.D. 1597-8.

the said Officer appointed to levy the same, or yf the said Offendor doe not paye the same within Twenty Dayes after a lawfull demaunde of the same by the said Officier to be appointed for the levyinge thereof as aforesaid, that then every pson soe denying or refiisinge, and not payinge the same Forfeiture within Twentye Dayes aforesaid, to forfeit the double some he should before have paid, to be levied by such Wayes and Meanes as to any twoe of the Justices of (1) Peace of the same Countye where the said Offence shalbe comitted, whereof one to be of the Quorum, shalbe thought most meete; The same forfeiture to be likewise ymployed uppon the Amendment of the High wayes, as the other Forfeiture shoulde have byne if the same had bene levied accordinge to the true Intent and meaninge of this Statute.

IV.

Penalty on «uch Surveyors, 4cc. for Neglect, 40s.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That the Surveior and Surveyors from tyme to tyme for the tyme beinge within the Pishe where the Highwayes shalbe moste annoyed, uppon default of the said Justices as aforesaid, within twentye dayes after suche defeulte of the Justice of Peace as aforesaid, shall assigne or appointe where and in what place of the Highewayes the said Synder Gravell Stone or Chalke, or the forfaiture of Money to be bestowed, shalbe caried and laied as aforesaid, and uppon payne of forfaiture of ev*ye suche Surveyor or Surveyors for every such defaulte Fortye Shillingf; And the said Surveyors shall make demaunde accordinge to the lymittacun of this present Acte, of all and every such forfeiture and sommes of Money lymitted to be paid in default of suche Cariages as aforesaid, uppon payne to forfait for every suche defaulte Fortye shillingf; and shall alsoe make p'sentmente of every suche default of Caring or Payement contrarye to the tennor of this p>sent Acte, at the next Quarter Sessions to be holden for the same Countye where suche default of Cariage and Payement shalbe, uppon payne to forfeit for every such default of p'sentment as aforesaid, Fortye Shillingf; the one moytie of all suche Forfaiture & Forfaitures to be to the Queenes Majestye, the other Moitye to suche psonn or psons as will sue for the same by Action Bill Playnte or Informaton in any of her Majesties Courtes of Record, where noe Wager of Lawe Essoyne or Ptection shalbe allowed.

Insufficiency of Acts for regulating Manufacture of Northern Clothi;

Penalty 011 stretching or straining such Cloths, £S.

n.

Penalty on using Tenters, See. for such Purpose, at'JC.

lit.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte aginst the deceitfull stretching and taintering of Northeme Cloth.

IN moste humble and duetifull wise sheweth beseechinge your Highnes your true and faythfull Subjects the Clothiers & Chapman of your Counteis of York Lancaster and other your Heighnesse Counteis on the Northside of the Ryver of Trent; that notwithstandinge the many good and wholesome Lawes heretofore made for the true makinge of good and true Clothes and Karsies, which Lawes either by some wants in the Statutf al readye made, or for lacke of the due execuc&n of the said Lawes, have not onlye not restrained the great abuse in makinge of Clothes and Karsies, but rather have increased the same, insoemuche that the said Northen Clothes and Karsies doe yeerely and daylie growe worse and worse, and are made more light and muche more stretched and strayned then heretofore they have bene, to the great deceit of all Nations where the said Clothes and Karsies are soulde, and to the great shame and slander of the Countrye where the same ys made, and within shorte tyme like utterlye to overthrowe the Trade of Clothee making in those Cuntries, whereuppon so many thowsandf of your Subjects doe nowe lyve and are mainetained, which great Enormities your faythfull Subjects doe chieflye impute to the great nomber of Tenters and other Engins daylie used and practized in the said Counties for the stretchinge and strayninge of the said Clothes and Karsies: For Remedie and Redresse whereof, your said Subjects humblye beseeche your moste Excellent Majestie that yt maye please your Highnesse, with the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the aucthoritye of the same, yt maye be enacted, any Statute or Law whatsoever to the contrarye notwithstandinge. That no psonn or psons within any the Counties aforesaid, from and after the twentithe daye of September now next comynge shall stretche or strayne or cause to be stretched or strayned, any Clothes Dozens Kersies Penystones Ruggf Frizes Kighley Whites Playne Grayes, or any other Clothes by what Name or Names soever they be called, made or hereafter to be made within the said Countye of York Lancaster or any other the Countyes on the North of Trent; uppon paine to forfeite for every default fyve pounde.

And Further that no psonn or psons, from and after the said twentieth daye of September, within the Counties aforesaid, or any of them shall have use or occupie any Tenter, of what sorte or kynde soever, or any manner of Wrinche Rope or other Engins to stretch or strayne any Clothes Kersies Dozens Penystones Ruggf Frises Cottons Kighley Whites Plaine Grayes, or any other Clothe of what kynde or name soever yt or they be called, made wrought or to be made or wrought within the said Counties; uppon payne that ev*ye Offendor that shall have or use or exercise any such Tenter, of what sorte or kynde soever, or any manner of Rope Wrinche Ring Head or Ingine, shall forfaite for everye suche defaulte twentye pounds.

And further that every psonn or psons within the Counties aforesaid or any of them, which shall make or cause to be made any Clothes Kersies Dozens Cottons Penystons Playne Grayes Kighley Whites Frizes, or any other Clothe by what name or names soever yt or they be called, shall make the same of suche Weights Lengths and Breadths as

» the 0.


A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 20.

921

by the Statutf of this Realme allreadye in force ys pvided, under the paynes in the same Statutes contayned, and before the same be sould or offered to be sould, shall sett his Seale of Lead unto every of the same Clothes Kersies Dozens Cottons Playne Grayes Penystons Kighley Whites Frises, or by what name or names soever yt or they be called; In which said Seale of Lead shalbe contayned the true and just Length, and the true and juste Weight at the leaste, of every such Clothe Kersey Dozen Cotton Penyston Playne Graies Kighley Whites Frizes or by what name or names soever yt or they shalbe called, as yt shalbe duelye founde by due proofe thereof to be tried by water or weight; upon payne to forfeit every Clothe Dozen Cotton Kersey Penyston Playne Grayes Kighley Whites Freeses, or other Clothe by what name or names soever yt or they be called, which shalbe made within any the Countyes aforesaid, whereunto suche Seale as ys aforesaid shall not be putt and sett: And in case, uppon proofe to be made by water or weight of any such Clothes Kerseis Dozens Cottons Penistones Playne Graies Kighley Whites Freeses or any other Cloth as ys aforesaid, shalbe found of lesse waighte or of smaller content in Length then ys conteyned or specified in any of their said Seales, that the owner of every suche Clothes Kersies Dozons Cottons Penystones Playne Grayes Kighley Whites and Freezes, or any other Cloth by what Name or Names soever they be called as aforesaid, or any other psonn or p6ons in whose hands or possessions any suche Clothes Kersies Dozens Cottons Penistones Playne Grayes Kighley Whites Freeses, or any other Cloth by what Name or Names soever they be called, shall be founde, shall forfayte for every Yard wantinge in Length Foure Shillingf; and for every Pounde wantinge in waighte twoe Shillingf.

Such Clothi shall be made of the Length and Weight required by Law, and aealed by the Maker*.

Penalties on Deficiencies in Length or Weight.

And for the better and more speedyc and effectuall reforminge of all such abuses as ys aforesaid; Be yt further enacted, Appointment and That in everye Paryshe Towne Village and Hamlett within the Counties aforesaid, where any Clothes, Kersies Dozens PowenofOrerseer Cottons Penystones Playne Graies Kighley Whites Frises, or any other Clothe by what Name or Names soever they be ,uCh rwi» called, shall be made or soulde, the Justices of Peace of the same Shire or Ridinge, or twoe of them at the least, and in every Citye Boroughe or Towne Corporate, the Head Officer or Officers of every of the same Cittye Boroughe or Towne Corporate, together with some one or two of the Justices of the Peace of the Shere or Ridinge next adjoyning to such Cittye Boroughe or Towne Corporate, shall have full power and aucthoritye, and shall by vertue of this Acte once every yere at the least, and as often as they shall thinke good, to convent and call before them by their ficept or otherwise, twoe foure sixe or eighte, or more as they shall think good by their discretion, of the most honest descret and able Men of every suche Cittye Towne Vilage Hamlett or Parishe where any Clothe shall be made or solde, and then shall constitute ordeine and appointe to be Overseers for one whole Yere or Sixe Moneths, or shorter tyme at their discretions, then next followinge, within the Citye Boroughe Towne Vilage Hamlett or Pishe where the same Overseers shall be dwellinge; and shall and maye take them sworne and bounde in Recognizaunce of Forde Pounds a peice to the use of your moste excellent Majestye and your Successors, to doe their best endevor by all lawfull Waies and Meanes for their tyme to see that this Statute in all poyntf shalbe truelye observed and kepte within the lymittf of their Charge in every parte thereof: And that the same Overseers, or twoe of them, shall once every Moneth at the least, or so often as need shall require, or they shall thinke fitt by their discretions, by force hereof, visite and goe into all or any Howse or Howses Shopps or other Roomes of any Clothiers Drapers Clothworker, or of any other psonn or psons whatsoever where any of the said Cloth shalbe, and theire to make due searche and view the same, made or remayning to be sould, and to take serche and trye as well by Weight Water or any other Waye whatsoever the said Clothes Kersies Dozens Cottons Penystones Keighley Whites and Frises, or any other Clothes by what Name or Names they he called; And yf any Clothes aforesaid, upon Search thereof shall not be found to be sealed with a Seale, contayninge the Lengthe and Weight as aforesaid, then the Clothier and every Owner of the said Clothe shall forfeit every suche Clothe Kersies Dozens Cottons Penystones Kighley Whites and Frises, or any other Cloth by what Name or Names soever they be called, made within the Counties aforesaid, not so sealed, and sold or offered to be sould, and the said Overseers and every of them shall and may seise and carrie awaye the same so forfeited as aforesaid, and p*sent the same to the Justicf of the Peace at the nexte Quarter Sessions, to be by them disposed of as hereafter is in these p>sentf lymitted and appointed : And yf the said Overseers shall fynde any false Seale or Marke to be sett uppon any Clothe aforesaid, or shall uppon Serche as aforesaid finde the same Clothes aforesaid to be stretched or 6trayned, then the same Overseers shall pWn the same Defaultes unto the Justicf at the next Quarter Sessions, and the Names of the Owners or Possessors of such Clothes Kerseis Dozens Cottons Penystones Kighley Whites [or'] Frises, or any other Clothes by what Name or Names they be called, soe found defective : And yf any manner of psonn or psons, at any tyme after the said twentithe day of September, shall deny withstand or withhoulde any Clothes Kersies Dozens Cottons Penystons Kighley Whites and Fryses, or any other Clothe by what Name or Names soever they be called, from the said Overseers or any of them, or will not suffer them to enter into any of the Howses Shopps Roomes or other Places where any suche Clothes shalbe, that then every such psonne [and *] psons soe denying or withstandinge shall for the Firste Offence forfeite and lose Tenne Pounds, and for the Second Offence Twentye Poundes, and for the Thirde Offence, beinge theroof lawfullye convicte by verdict of Twelve Men and twoe sufficient Witnesses, shall stand uppon the Pillorye in the next Markett Towne; and yf any of the said psons so comaunded to appeare to be made Overseers as aforesaid, and havinge noe reasonable Excuse, refuse to come and take uppon hym or them to be Overseers as aforesaid, that then every suche psonn soe refusinge, and havynge noe reasonable Excuse soe to doe, shall forfeit for every suche refusinge Fyve Pounds, tile One Halfe thereof to be to your moste Excellent Majestye and your Successors, and the other Halfe to the Justices of ( J) Peace or other Head Officier or Officers by whose comaundement he was appointed to appeare to be Overseer, and the same Overseers soe offendinge to remayne in the Warde of the Sheriff Balyffe or other Head Officer, untill suche tyme as he hath made Payement of the Forfayture, or otherwise putt in sufficient Bond for the Satisfaction of the same.

1 and O.

> the 0.


it B

92 2

39° Eliz. c. 20.

A.D. 1597*8.

V.

Overseers shall seal all Clutlia searched by them.

VI. Penalty on counterfeiting, &c. of Seals.

VII.

Justices of Peace empowered to search for and sei zeTenters, Ropes, Rings, &c.

Penalty on Justices for Neglect.

VIII. Application of Forfeitures.

IX.

Justices of Peace may determine Offences by Clothiers.

X.

Justices of Assise may determine Offences by Justices of Peace, See.

And to the end that the said Clothes Kersies Dozens Cottons Penystons Kighley Whites and Fryses, or any other Clothes by what Name or Names soever they they be called, soe to be viewed and serched may be the better knowen; It ys therefore enacted that the said Overseers shall fixe unto every kinde of the Clothes aforesaid, a Seale of Lead, conteyninge the Lengthe and the Weight of every suche Clothes, togeather with this Word, searched ; which Cloth soe sealed by the said Overseers, shall not be serched tried or viewed by any other Searcher or Overseer of any other Cittye Boroughe Towne Village Parishe or Hamlett by vertue of his or their said Office or Offices; any Thinge in this Acte or in any other Statute to the contrarye notwithstandinge.

And further the said Clothiers and other Inhabitant? doe humblye praye that yt maye be likewise enacted, That yf any psonn or psons, but suche as are appointed assigned and pmitted by this Acte or their §vantf or Deputies, doe at any tyme after the said twentithe daye of September counterfett or sett to, or willinglye and wittinglye take awaye from, any the said Clothes Kersies Dozens Cottons Penystones Kighley Whites and Fryzes, or any other Cloth by what Name or Names soever they be called, made within the Countyes aforesaid, any of the Seales so to be fixed as above ys recyted, that then every psonn soe offendinge shall for the first Offence forfeite and lose Tenne Pounds, and for the second Offence, beinge thereof lawfullye convicted by the Verdicte of Twelve Men and Twoe sufficient Witnesses, stand uppon the Pillorye, and lose and forfeite to your moste excellent Majestye, your Heires and Successors, Twentye Pounds.

And to the end that the said Statutf and Lawes aforesaid maye be the more effectuallye executed, and all stretchinge and falsefienge of any the Clothes aforesaid taken awaye, it maie be alsoe enacted that every Justice of the Peace Head Constable or other the Overseers aforesaid, shall have full Power and lawfull aucthoritye to enter in or uppon any the Messuagf Tenementf Howses Buildings Lands or Grounds of any psonn or psons whatsoever, to serche for any suche Tenters, of what sorte or kynde soever, or any manner of Ropes Rings Heads Wrinches or other Engins whatsoever, whereby any Falshood or Deceite maye be used in or aboute the stretching [or '] strayning of any the sayd Clothes Karsies Dozens Freezes Cottons Penystons & Kighley Whites, or any other Clothe by what name or names soever they be called, or any of them ; And that yf they should fynde anie suche Tenters of what sorte or kynde soever, or anie manner of Ropes Rings Heads Wringf or Engins, they shall and maye utterlye deface the same, in suche sorte as they cannot be ymployed agayne to any suche use; and yf any psonn or psons with whome any suche shall once have byn found, shall after that be knowen to have or use any suche Tenter of what sorte or kynde soever, or any manner of Rope Ring Head Wring or Engine, that then they the said Justices Head Constables or Overseers, or any of them within their sev^all pcinctes, shall take and sell the same to the best valewe thereof, and by the Consent of Twoe Justicf of Peace within the same Countye dispose the Money thereof comynge to the Poore of the Parrishe where the same shalbe soe taken ; and that uppon Complaynte made or Informac6n geven of any suche Tenter, of what sorte or kynde soever, or any manner of Roape Head Ringe Wrenche or Wringe, or any other Engine, to any Justice of Peace, every one of them to whome suche Complaynt shalbe made or Informac&n geven, shall within seaven dayes nexte ensuinge suche Complainte or Information geven. repaire to the Place where the same shalbe so had and used, and then and their execute this Lawe as aforesaid, uppon the payne hereafter in this psent Acte expressed ; And that yf any psonn or psons shall withstand or resiste any suche Justice of Peace or Head Officers in or aboute touchinge or coucerninge the execution of the premysses, every suche psonn or psons, shall forfeite and suffer as ys before lymitted, for resistinge the Overseers in the Searche ; And yf any the Justices or Justice of Peace within the Lymittf or Boundes of his or theire Comission shalbe negligente or make defaulte in doeinge of any Thinge touchinge or concemynge the due or true execution of this Statute or any Thinge therein conteyned, every suche Justice of Peace for every suche defeulte shall forfeyt and lose fyve Poundes.

And that all such Forfeitures as shall happen or growe by reason of this Acte, shalbe one third pte thereof to suche psopn or psons as shall be then Overseers, one other thirde pte to the use of our SoPaigne Ladye the Queenes Majestye, and one other third parte to the use of the Poore, to be ymployed to the use of the Poere in suche sorte as the Justices of Peace, in their Quarter Sessions to be houlden nexte after Judgement had or given for the same, shall lymitt and appoynt.

And that the said Justices of Peace in their Quarter Sessions shall and maye inquire heare and determyne everye Faulte or Offence made or done contrarye to this psente Acte, or any Thinge therein conteyned, except the Offences commytted and Forfeytures made by the Justices of Peace by psentment Bill or Informac&n, and uppon Proofe thereof made by the Testimonye of twoe sufficient Wytnesses openley geven to the Jurye, and thereuppon Presentement made by the Jurye, to give order for the execution of this Statute, and every Clause therein conteyned, and for the Recoverye of the Penalties aforesaid to the uses aforesaid.

And that the Justices of Assise shall and maye inquire heare and determyne ev’y Faulte or Offence made or done by any Justice of Peace contrarye to this psent Acte, in neglecte of theire duetye in or aboute to we hinge or conceminge the Execution of this presente Acte, and uppon Proofe thereof made by twoe sufficiente Witnesses, and by the Presentmente of the Jurye, shall and maye give order for Recoverye and Ymployment of the Penalties and Forfeitures by them comitted and made to the uses aforesaid; and for defaulte of Justice to bee done in manner and forme aforesaid by the Justices of Peace or Justice of Assise, then the one Moyetye of all suche Forfeytures to be the one halfe thereof to her Majestye, and the other to hym that will sue for the same by Action of Debt Bill Playnt lnformacion &c. in any of her Majesties Courte or Courts of Record at Westmynster, in whiche no Wager of Lawe Protection or Essoine shalbe admitted or allowed.

' 8c 0.

Gcx >sle

A.D. 1597-&. 39° Eliz. c. 20, 21.

923

I

i

i

I

i

I

t

I

t

t

1

v

t,'

P

t


i

i

k

6

I

It

k

C

9

I

it

'»


fc

tk

* k Ii


IB

9

l«

|l|

if

k

ih

k

j#

(') Provided neverthelesse and be yt further enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaide, That all and every kynde or Clothes aforesaide, by what name soever they be called, which shalbe made after the daye aforesaid within the Counties aforesaide, and brought upp to the Cittye of London to be soulde there, shall be brought into the common Clothe Markett Place within the said Cittye cdmonlye called Blackwell Hall, to be there searched drye without wettynge, and out of Markett tymes, by the Searchers of the said Cittye; uppon payne that every Owner of any suche Clothe shall forfaite for everye suche Clothe not soe broughte into the Markett Fortye Shilling^, and uppon payne that every Searcher that shall searche at any tyme in the Markett tymes, to the disturbance of the Sale of suche Clothes in the Markett there, shall forfeit for every suche Searche soe made Fyve Pounds ; all which said Forfeitures shall be, the one Moitye to the use of our Soveraigne Ladye the Queenes Majestye, her Heires and Successors, the other to suche p6onn or psons as shall sue for the same by Action of Debt or Informacftn, in which Suite noe Wager of Lawe Protection or Essoine shalbe admytted or allowed.

XI.

Northern Clothe brought to London shall be eearched dry, at Blackwell Hall.

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte for the further contynuance & explan ac&n of an Acte for the necessary Releif of Souldiers & Mariners, made in the xxxv. yere of the Queenes Mau" Raigne that now ys.

WHERE at the Parliament begun and houlden at Westmynster the nyneteenth daye of Februarye in the five and [twentithe *] yere of the Raigne of our moste gracyous SoPaigne Ladye the Queenes Majestye that now ys, and there contynued untill the dissolution thereof, being the tenth of Aprill in the same yere, an Acte was made intituled An Acte for the necessarye Releife of Soldiers and Marryners; Be yt enacted by the Aucthoritye of this psent Parliament, That the foresaid Acte and every Article Clause and Sentence therein conteyned, not altered by this Acte, shalbe contynued and endure in force and effecte untill the end of the next Parlyamente.

And Forasmuche as the Assessement and Rate appointed by the said laste Acte, uppon every severall Paryshe in every severall Countye, in regarde the nomber of Souldiers in some Countye ys greater then in some other, seemeth very smalle, and not sufficient to extend to every such poore Souldyer a competent Pension, but that hee that hath byn appointed to a Pension of Twentye pounde a yeere, hath bene constrayned to take fyve pounds, and so ratablye for lesser Pencions: Be yt therefore declared explayned and enacted by the aucthoritye of this present Parlyament, That yt shall and maye be Iawfull to and for the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or the more parte of them there beinge, in all Counties and Places within this Realme, within their severall Lymittf and Devisions, where they shall thinke that the said former Acte hath not pvided sufficientlye for the Reliefe of the Souldiers and Maryners appointed to be relee ved by the said former Act, and not otherwise, to rate and taxe suche further somes of Money uppon every Paryshe within their severall Lymittf, for the better Releife of those Souldiers and Marryners as they shall thinke fytt and convenyent, soe as no Pishe be rated above the somme of Eighte pence nor under the somme of Twoe pence weekelye to be payde, and soe as the weekelye Taxacion of the Parrishes in any Countye where there shall be above fyftye Parrishes amounte not above the rate of foure pence for every Parrishe in the same Countye; and that the same sommes soe to be rated and every of them shalbe assessed collected levied payd and distributed by the psons and in manner and forme as ys pvided and sett forth by the said former Acte, under suche and the lyke Paynes and Penalties as are appoynted or sett forth by the same former Acte ; and that all Forfaitures to be forfaited by any Treasorer Collector Constable Churchewarden or other pson, for any cause mentioned in the said former Acte or in this Acte, shalbe ymployed, togeather with the stocke to be remayninge in any of the said Treasorers hands, to the charitable uses expssed and appoynted in and by the said former Statute, and to none other; and that the said Releife shalbe geven to suche Souldiers and Marryners oute of the Countye or Place where they were pressed, soe farr forth as the Taxation lymitted by this Acte will extend, and yf the whole Taxation there be alreadye ymployed accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte, or that they be or shall not be prest men, then in the place where they were borne, or laste inhabited by the space of three yeeres at his or their Eleccion.

Provided alwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That yf the said Rate shalbe thought not (•) sufficient for the Releife of suche Souldiers and Marryners as shall be to be releived within the Cittye of London, that then yt shall be lawful for the Maior Recorder and Aldermen of London, or the more parte of them, to rate and taxe suche reasonable Taxe Summe & Summes of Money for the said Releife as shall be to them thought fitt and convenyent, soe as such summe and summes of Money soe to be rated, doe not exceed Twoe shillingf weekely out of any Parrishe, and soe as in the totall, the same shall not exceede eighte pence weekeley out of every Parrishe, one with another, within the said Citye and the Libtyes thereof.

Be yt further declared and enacted by the aucthoritye aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace of every Countye within this Realme, within theire severall lymmyttf, at their Quarter Sessions, or the more parte of them there assembled, shall from henceforthe have power and aucthoritye yeerely to electe nomynate and appoynte, of themselves or other sufficiente men of the [said4] Countye, valued by yere in the Subsidye Booke at Tenne poundes in Landes or Twenty

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

* thirtieth O. 1 to be 0. * same O.

St. at Eliz. c. 4. for Relief of Soldiers, &c. confirmed.

II.

Jueticee in Quarter Session! may increase the Rates on Parishes for Relief of Soldiers, See.

III.

Increasing Rates in London.

IV.

Justices in Quarter Sessions shall elect Treasurers yearly for such Rates.

924

39° Eliz. c.21,22.

A.D. 1597-8.

pounds in Goods at the least, Treasorers of the said Collection; which said Treasores soe in every Countye to be chosen, shall contynue doe pforme and gyve upp their Chardge and Accompt, in suche sorte manner and forme, and for suche tyme as is sett for the by the sayd former Acte, under suche and the like Paynes and Penaltyes as are by the said former Acte appointed in that behalf.

V.

Justices may revoke or alter Amount of Relief.

Be yt likewise explayned and enacted by aucthoritye aforesaide, That the Justices of Peace in everye Countye of this Realme of England, within their severall lymmittes at theire Quarter Sessions, or the more parte of them, then there assembled, maye uppon any juste cause revoke diminysh or alter any portion or porcftns of Releife assigned or graunted to any suche Souldier or Marryner from tyme to tyme accordinge to their discretion.

VJ.

Churchwardens and Constables shall assist in Collection of Rates:

Penalty on them for Neglect.

And where yt ys founde by experience, that the Petty Constables and Churchwardens of Parrishes be remysse and negligent in collectinge of the summes of Money taxed for the Releife aforesaid, and in makinge payement thereof, and that the penaltie of Tenne shillingf, expressed in the said former Acte, extended not but to the Churchwardens onelye, and was too smalle a Penaltye to be inflycted for their defaulte : Therefore yt ys explayned and enacted by the aucthorytie aforesayd, That the Churchewardens and Constables of every Parrishe shall joyne in the Collection and Payement over to the Highe Constables, as ys sett for the in the said former Acte, of the said Summes to be taxed in their Parrishe, and that the said Churchewardens and Constables joyntlye and sePallye shall have like Aucthoritye and Meanes to levye collecte and gather the Sommes to be taxed by this Acte, as they or either of them had to levie the Summes appoynted by the said former Acte; and yf any Petye Cunstable or Churchewarden, his Executors or Admynystrators, shall fayle to make Paymente in forme as ys sett for the by the said former Acte, then every Petye Constable and Churchewarden, his Executors or Admynystrators soe offendinge shall forfeyte the Some of Twentye Shillingf, to be levyed and ymployed in forme as the Penalties in and by the saide former Acte expressed are appointed to be levyed and ymployed.

27 H.VIll. c.45. § 4. annexing the Monastery of

St. Benet to the See of Norwich.

Conveyance of St.Gilea’s Hospital, &c. by the Bishop, 8cc. to the Crown,

6 March, lEdw.VI.

Bishops of Norwich possessed of the said Monastery of St. Benet, &c.

Grant in fee-farm fraudulently obtained from the Crown, a Aug. 27 Eliz. of certain Lands of the said Monastery, under Pretence of Title under the said Conveyance to K. Edward VI.

CHAPTER XXII.

An Acte for the establysheinge of the Bishoprick of Norwich & the Possessions of the sam, against a &en pkended concealed tytle made thereunto.

WHERE in the seaven and twentithe yere of the Raigne of the late Kynge of famous memorye King Henrye the Eighte, yt was enacted by aucthoritye of Parly ament, that suche psonn as should then next after be Byshoppe of the See of Norwiche beinge then voyd, and his Successors Bishoppes of the said See, should have and injoye united and knitt to the said Byshoppricke the Monastery of Saynt Benettf in the Countye of Norfolke, and all the Possessions of the same: And where Wittm Rugge was nexte Byshoppe of the said See, and by force of the said Acte was seized to hym and his Successors in Fee Symple of and in the said Monastery and the Possessions of the same; And afterwarde William, by the Name of William by the Pmission of God Byshoppe of Norwiche, true and undoubted Patron of the Hospitall of Saint Gyles in Norwiche, and Nicholas Shaxton Master or Gardyan of the said Hospitall, and the Bretheren of the same, by their Deed bearinge date the sixte daye of Marche in the firste yeere of the late King Edwarde the Sixte, and in due forme of Lawe acknowledged and inrolled, did give graunt and confirme to the said Kinge Edwarde the Sixt his Heires and Successors the said Hospitall and the Possessions and Hereditamentf belonging to the same, as by the said Deede and Inrollemente thereof maye appeare; By force whereof, the saide Kynge Edwarde the Sixte was of the said Hospitall and the Possessions of the same seazed in his Demesne as of Fee in the Right of his Crowne of Englande, and soe seazed disposed of the same as to his Heighnesse did seeme good: ever since which said Graunte, and since the (') Statute made in the sayd seaven and twentithe yere of Kinge Henrye the Eighte, the said Bysshoppe of Norwich and his Successors have had and enjoyed the said Bysshoppricke, and the said late Monasterye of Saynt Benetf, and all the Possessions and Hereditamentf late belonginge to the same Monastery or Bysshoppricke, and have and yet doe maynetayne there Estatf of and by the Revenues of the same, and thereoute of have ever since payed unto Kinge Edwarde the Sixte Queene Marye and to the Queenes Majestye that nowe ys, and yet doe paie unto her Majestye, Firste Fruitf Tenthes and Subsidies as all other the Bysshoppes of the Realme have done; and have demysed lett and set dyvers of the Possessions of the said Bysshoppricke, late the Possessions of the said late Monasterye, to our Sov’aigne Ladye the Queenes Majestye, and to sunderye others, for dyvers Estates Interests and Termes of Yeeres, which said Interestes are by many severall Conveyauncf passed from Hand to Hand to verye many her Majesties dutifull Subjects, whose whole Lyvelyhood or a great parte thereof dependeth thereuppon : Yet certeyn psons of a greedye and covetous desire to enriche themselves, have, to the greate deceit of your Highnesse, to the ympeachment of the said Bysshoppricke, and to the unjuste disturbance of the Bysshoppes of the same See, theire Tenauntf and Farmers, obteyned of her Majestye, little suspectinge their evell intention, a Graunte in Fee Farme by her Letters Pattentf, bearinge date the second day of August in the seaven and twentith yere of her happie Raigne, of all or the most pte of the Possessions of the said Byshoppricke, under the Name of a Cottage and of all Lands Tenement? Tythes and Hereditamentf with the Appurten*nces within the Deanries of Flegge Brooke Waxham Blofield Repes and Deepewade or any of them, in the Countye of Norfolke, to the late Monastery of Saint Bennetf of Hulme belonginge and apperteyninge, at or under the yerelye Rente onlye of Fourtye Shillingf by yeere, as by the said fres Patent? maye appeare; pending nowe that the said Possessions of the said Bysshoppricke, which were as aforesaid

1 saide 0.


A.D. 15.97-8.

39° E-liz. c. 22, 23.

925

first the Possessions of the said Monastery, were by the said Wittm late Bysshoppe of Norwich, by some generall Words, conveyed to Kyng Edward the Sixt his Heires and Successors, by the aforesaid Deede dated the sixt day of Marche in the firste yere of his Raigne; whereas indeed hee the said Byshoppe joyned with the said Master and Bretheren, as Patron of the said Hospitall onlye, to strengthen the said graunt of the said Hospitall and the Possessions thereof, and not intendinge any waye to touche any the Possessions of the said Byshopricke; which said graunt being soe indirectlye againste the gracious Meaninge of our sayde SoPigne Ladye, and without consideracbn other then as aforesaid obteyned, they the said Concealors have conveyed the said p>mysses or some pte thereof unto others not ignorant of the said fraud and yll practize, whoe have by collor of the said ^tended title attempted to trouble the possession of dyvers the Tennantf and Farmors of the said Bysshoppricke: For Remedie whereof, and because yt ys most manyfest that neither the said William late Byshopp, by the said Deede made in the said firste yeere of the Raigne of King Edward the Sixt, did meane to give or graunt or the said King Edward the Sixt thereby to have or take any part of the Possessions aforesaid of the said Byshoppricke, neither yet her Majestye tooke anye knowledge of any such pkended tytle, neither ment to passe any suche to the said Conceallors, and yet some trouble maye arise by collor of the said (Ptensed Title: Be yt therefore enacted by our said Sov'aigne Ladye the Queenes Majestye the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the aucthoritye of the same, That the said Deed, dated the sixt daye of Marche in the said first yeere of the Raigne of the said King Edward the Sixt, shalbe taken construed k adjudged not to have conveied to the said King his Heires and Successors, any Mannors Lands Tents fvicf Rents Rectories Tithes Advowsons Lifeties or Hereditamentf whatsoei? of the said la:.' Monastery of Saint Benetf ats Saint Benets of Hulme, or of the said Byshopprick, or belonginge thereunto or to either of them ; but that the same and e^y pte thereof shalbe deemed and adjudged to have remayned contynued and bene in the said Wittm then Byshopp of the said See and his Successors, and shall at all tymes for ev* hereafter remaine contynue and be, and so be adjudged to remayne contynue and be, in the nowe Byshopp of the said See, and his Successors for ever, of such & the like Estate, and in suche Manner Forme and Condition, to all Intentf Construcctins and Purposes as yf the said Deed had never bene had ne made.

Provided that this Acte shall not extend to the said now or late Hospitalle, nor any Lands Tents Rents and Hereditamentf Goods Chattels Rights or Creditf now or late belonging to the same, nor to the Patronage thereof, nor to any thinge whereof or whereto the said late Master or Gardian and Brethren of the said late Hospitalle weare seazed possessed or intituled; but that the said Deed, as to the same and every pte thereof, shalbe good and effectuall in Lawe to all Intentf and Purposes, as yf this Acte had never bene had nor made; Any thing aforesaid to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Savings to all psonne and psons Bodies Politike and Corporate, theire Heires and Successors Executors Admynystrators and Assignes, other then the saide late Kinge Edward the Sixte, Queene Marye, the Queenes Majestye that nowe is, theire and every theire Heires Successors and Assignes, claymynge any the said Possessions of the said late Monastery or of the sayd Byshoppricke by force vertue or collor of the said Deed made to the said late Kynge Edward the Sixt, all Estatf Inrestf Rights Tytles Claymes Condic&ns §vicf Rents and Demaundf whatsoever, as yf this Acte had never bene had or made.

(') Provided alwayes and be it enacted, That all and singuler Statutf Recognizaunces Bonds Covenauntf and Agreementf, heretofore had or made to or with the said Patentees in the said Ires Patentf named, or any of them, or to or with any other psonn or psons clayminge by from or under them, or any of them, being parties or pryvie to the said Practize or Fraude, for or concernynge any of the said Lands Tents or Hereditamentf nowe or heretofore parcell of the sayd Byshoppricke, shalbe utterlye voyde for anie Matter [of1] Thinge touchinge or concernynge onlye the same Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf, or any parte thereof, nowe or heretofore pcell of the said Byshoppricke.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for the repayring of the Bridges of Newport & Carlion in the County of Monmouth.

IN moste humble wise beseacheth your most Excellent Majesty, the Inhabitantes of the greatest Parte of Southwales: That whereas a c/tayne greate Bridge of Tymber called Newporte Bridge, ys standing over the River of Uske, in the Countye of Monmouth, and is and of long tyme hath bene the meteste and most necessary Passage and Highway that leadeth into the Partes of Southwales, & owt of the same to London Bristowe and other Partes of England, and is of late fallen to greate ruyne & decay, and likely dayly (not repay red) to become not passable, whereby the sayde Highe way shall bee from henceforth utterly taken away, to the greate hinderance & hurte of a great Multitude of your Highnes Subjectes travelling into those Partes: And Whereas there is also one other greate Bridge of Tymber called Carlions Bridge, standing over the saide River of Uske in the foresayde Countye of Monmouth ; and is a most necessary Passage & Highe way for all the Inhabitantf of the saide County of Monmouth, & others her Majesties Subjectes travelling into those Partes; which Bridge, havinge nothinge to mayntayne the same, is likewise of late fallen to greate ruyne & decay, k is likely dayly (not repayred) to fall, to the greate hindance & hurte of a greate Multitude of [herl]

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. ’or O- * yo' O.


it C

d t

Conveyance temp Edw. VI. declared not to extend to any Pottet ions of the said Monastery or See.

II.

Act shall not extend to the Possessions of the Hospital of St. Giles.

iii.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

IV.

Conveyances, by Parties to Fraud on the Crown, declared void.

Bridget over the Uske at Newport and Carlion out of Repair

9 26

39° Eliz. c. 23, 24.

A D. 1597-8.

aa H.VIII. c.j. ^a. for repairing

extend thereto.

a7 H.VIII. c. a6. for the Lawa in Walea;

Doubta upon thoae Acta:

The County of Monmouth made chargeable with the Repair of the aaid Bridges according to aa H.VIII. c.9.

II.

Penalty on Justices of Peace neglecting to execute tniaAct.

111.

No Towns,>fcc. except Newport and Carlion, shall be chargeable.

Majestyes Subjected travelling into those Partes: And whereas one Acte of Parlyament was made in the two and twentyethe Yeare of the Reigne of our late Sovereigne Lorde of famous Memory Kinge Henry the Eighte, your Highnes most renowned late Father intituled, An Acte conc’ninge repayring and amendinge of Bridges in Highewayes: In which Acte amonge other Things it is enacted, That if any parte of any decayed Bridge happen to be within any lymittf of any Cytye or Towne Corporate & parte withowte, and part within any Rydynge and parte within another, or if parte be within one Shyre Rydinge Citye or Towne Corporate, and the other parte thereof to be in another Shyre Rydinge City or Towne Corporate, that then in every such Case the Inhabitantes of the Shyres Rydingf Cytyes or Townes Corporate shalbe chardged & chardgeable to amend make & repayre such Parte & Porcftn of such Bridges so decayed, as shall ly and be within the Lymyttf of the Shire Rydinge or Towne Corporate wherein they be ynhabytinge at the tyme of the saide Decayes, as by the saide Acte amonge other Things more playnely doth & may appeare: Yet neverthelesse for that at the tyme of the makinge of the foresayde Statute, the foresayde Townes of Newporte & Carlion nor any of them were not as then unyted & annexed to the sayde Cownty of Monmouth; but sithence in the seaven and twentyeth Yeare of the sayde late Kng Henry the Eyghte, by force of one Acte, intituled An Acte for Lawes & Justice to be mynistred in Wales in like forme as it is in this Realme; And now by reason of ?tayne Wordes conteyned in the sayde laste Acte, as allso by reason of the great poverty of the Inhabitantes of the sayde Townes of Newporte & Carlion, diverse questions ambiguytyes and doubles have rysen & doe dayly [rise1] & growe, howe and by what Meanes the [sayde*] Bridges shall be repayred amended or new made: And for that no pson or psons ftayne or Body Pollitique ys or are chargeable for the repayringe of the same Bridges or either of them; For declarafftn and explanacftn whereof, and for Remedy in the pmisses to be hadd, That yt may be enacted by your Highnes and by the Consente of the Lordes Spirituall & Temporall, and the Comons assembled in this p*sent Parlyamente, and by the aucthority of the same, That the Inhabitantes in the Shire & County of Monmouthe, shall stande for evermore chargeable for the Mayntenance repayringe amendinge and new makinge of the sayde Bridges of Newporte & Carlyon & either of them, when (1) as often as need shall require: And that for the assessement ratinge collecf&n gatheringe & ymploying of the Moneys thereupon to be spente, such order & direcc&n shall & may be observed & kepte as is appoynted by the foresaide Acte made in the two & twentyeth Yeare of the sayde Kinge Henry the Eighte, for repayringe of Bridges & Highwayes.

And for the more spedy pformance of the fPmisses & pVentinge of further Losse & Chardgf, that yt may likewise be enacted by the aucthoryty aforesayde. That yf the Justices of Peace of the foresayde Shyre & County of Monmouth, or any of them, do make any defalte in the not appoyntinge executinge & observinge the like Order for the repayringe of the sayde Two Bridges of Newporte & Carlion, as by the sayde Acte in the two & twentyeth Yeare of Kinge Henry the Eighte and by this Statute ys limytted ex passed & declared, for the Assessemente Collection & Ymployment of the Moneys so to be collected accordinge to the meaninge of the sayde Actes, by the Space of Three moneths nexte after this jpsente Sessyon of Parlyamente, that then they and every of them beinge resydent & inhabytynge within the sayde Shyre of Monmouthe shall forfeite for such defalte the some of Tenn Poundes a peice, to be recovered before the Queenes Majestyes Cownsell in the Marches of Wales, by ynformacSn to be ymployed to and for the Use and Reparacbn of the foresayde Bridges of Newporte & Carlyon.

Provided alwayes, That this Acte nor any Thinge therein conteyned shall extende to give Power [and4] Aucthoryty to the Justices of Peace of the saide County, to chardge any Towne or Townes Corporate within the sayde County, that are allready bownde by Lawe to amende repayre or reedyfy any Bridges over any maine Ryvers or Streames within die sayde Cownty, with any Coutribucbn towardes the amendinge repayringe or reedifyinge of the Bridges in this Acte mencyoned, other then the Townes of Newporte & Carlion; Any Matter or Thinge in this saide Acte mencioned, or in the sayde Acte hadd and made in the xxij. Yeare of Kinge Henry the F.yghte in this psente Acte mencioned, to the contrary in any wyse notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte for the erectinge and buyldinge of a Bridge over the Ryver at Wye, at Wylton upon Wye neare the Towne of Rosse in the County of Hereforde.

Danger of the Ferry XX THE RE AS the Quenes Majestyes Towne or Borough of Rosse in the County of Hereford ys an ancyent & Wyefo«rURo»e; VV greate Markett Towne, as well of all kynde of Cattell as of Corne and many other Comodityes, havynge

in it yearely sower very greate Fayres there holden, and is allso a very greate Throughfayre Passage or Portway, from a greate parte of the saide County of Hereforde and of the Countyes of Monmouth Brecon Camarthen Pembrooke and most part of all Southwales, to the Cyty of London and other partes of Englande; And Whereas the comon great Porteway leading from the partes aforesayde towardes the sayde Towne, leadeth through the Ryver of Wy at Wylton upon Wye in the sayde County of Hereforde, neare the sayde Towne of Rosse, which Ryver the moste parte of the Wynter tyme, and at all other tymes of Lande Fludde, is very fiiryous and dangerous, and with a small Rayne doth suddenly swell and ryse uppe; at which tymes, althoughe a Boate and sometymes two Boates of good Burthen

1 wise O. . foresaid O. * and O. • or 0.



A.D.\W1~S.

39° Eliz. c. 24.

927

are there used and ymployed to passe Men Horses and Cattell over the same Ryver, Yet the multitude of her Majestyes loving Subjectes occasioned to passe that way from tyme to tyme is so greate, as that the same Boates have not sufficed neither will suffice to passe cary or transporte her Majestyes sayde Subjectes, theyre Horses Cattell and other Caryadgf there, over the same Ryver in conrenyente tyme; whereby many greate Inconvenyencf and Myscheifes have happened and doe dayly happen to sundry her Majestyes sayde Subjectes at the sayde Passage, as namely the Passage Boate there hath bene often so muche overchardged with multitude of People, that the same hath suncke with the sayde People in the sayde Ryver, where thirty or forty of her Majestyes Subjectes not longe since have bene drowned and utPly pished at once, and many others of them have escaped by swymmynge, but very hardly with their Lives, and at other tyme* the Armes and I.eggs of diversse others her Majestyes sayd Subjects have bene broken, and Men Women and Children with the Presse of People to gett into the sayde Boate bene dayly troden downe into the sayde Ryver, and many tymes troden under the Feet of Men and Horses, and allso Cattell & Horses often have ben there drowned and spoyled, to the great Losse Terror and ymmynent Pill of such as have occacSn to passe that way, and to the greate Hinderance and ympoverishinge of the sayde Towne and of the Country thereabowtes adjoyninge thereunto: And Forasmuch as the like Myscheifes Mysfortunes and Dangers wolde be hereafter pvented, yf a convenyent Bridge were there, at Wylton aforesayde, made erected & buylded over the same Ryver, and for that the moste parte of the Inhabitantes of the sayde Countye of Hereford, with such Assistance as they can pcure from other Cuntryes, for the avoydinge of the Mischeifes Dangers and Inconveniencf aforesayde, are very willinge to take upon them the erectinge and buyldinge thereof, which is a very charitable and Godly worke: Be yt therefore enacted and established by the Queenes most excellente Majesty the Lordes Spyrituall and Temporall, and the Comons in this psent Parlyamente assembled, and by the aucthority of the same, That a convenyent Bridge of Stone or Tymber or both shall be made sett upp erected & buylded at Wylton aforesayde, over the sayde Ryver of Wy, by the Inhitantf of the sayde County of Hereford, in such Place there as by the Justicf of Peace of the sayde County of Hereforde, or by any three of them whereof one to be of the Quop to be noiated by the Justicf of Peace of the sayde County, or the more parte of them [at'] there geSall Quarter Sessions, after the ende of this Sessyon of Parlyamente to be holden shall be appoynted.

And to the intente that overlonge delay may not be used in settinge forwardes and effectinge of so necessary and so charitable a Worke, and allso that competent sumes of money may be collected and levyed for the defrayinge of the Charges thereof, and also that the Inhabitantes of the saide County of Hereford may have all convenyent Assistance in that Behalfe; Be yt enacted by the aucthoryty aforesayde, That the same Brydge shall be wholly made erected buylded and fynished within the space of seaven yeares nexte after the ende dissoluc&n or progac&n of this p*sente Parlyamente; upon payne of forfeyture of One hundred powndes for everye yeare after the end of the sayde seaven yeares that the sayde Worke or Bridge shall happen to bee unfinished and unpformed ; the one moyty whereof to be payde to the Queenes Majesty her Heyres and Successors, by the Inhabitantes of the sayde County of Hereford, and the other moyty thereof to him or them that will sue for the same in any of the Queenes Majestyes Courtes of Record, by Accfin of Debte Bill Playnte or ynformac&n, wherein no Essoyne Ptection or Wager of Lawe shalbe admytted or allowed.

And for the spedy levying of all such sumes of Money as shall be necessary or requisite in this Behalfe, Be yt hereby likewise enacted by the aucthority aforesayde. That the Justicf of Peace of the sayde County of Hereford, or any sower three or two of them whereof one to be of the Quorum, owte of the Libtyes of the Cyty of Hereford, in their severall Dyvysions to be noiated or agreed on by the Justicf of Peace of the sayde County or the more parte of them in there genial 1 Quarter Sessions, shall hereby have full power and aucthority at all tymes hereafter, and from tyme to tyme as often as neade shall requyre, untill the sayde Bridge shall be fully made erected and buylded, to rate taxe and assesse the sayde Countye of Hereford, with the severall Hundreds and everye Towne Corporate Parishe Village and Hamlctt within the same, (other then the sayde Cyty of Hereford,) and every Inhabitant and Dweller within every or any of the said Hundreds Townes Corporate Vyllagf and Hamlettf, (other then the sayde Cyty,) to such reasonable sume & sumes of Money as to them the sayde Justicf so notated as aforesayde, shall be thoughte fitt & convenyent; And that the Justicf of Peace of the sayde County of Hereford or the more parte of them, at there Quarter Sessions, shall at all & every tyme and tymes hereafter have full power and aucthoryty by this p>sente Acte to noyate and appoynte such pson and psons as they shall thinke fitte to collecte and gather the sayde severall somes; and that such p6on and psons as the sayde Justicf so shall appoynte for the gatheringe and levying thereof, shall have hereby full power and aucthority by way of distresse, upon denyall refusall or non paymente, to levy the same & to make sale of such Distresses according to the Statute, intituled An Acte con&iinge repayringe and amendinge of Bridgf in Highe wayes, made at the Parlyamente holden by ProgacSn at Westmynster the sixtenth day of January in the two and twentyeth yeare of the Reygne of our late dreade Soveraigne Lorde King Henry the Eyghte, and the same Money so to be levyed to be delivered over and payde to the sayde Justices of Peace, or to any two of them whereof one to be of the Quorum, the same two Justices to be nofated by the Justicf of Peace of the sayde County in their geffall Quarter Sessions, or to such pson or psons as the sayde two Justices so noyated shall appoynte, who shall ymploy the same with as much speede as may be, for the purpose aforesayde; And yf any pson or psons within the sayde County of Hereford, who shall be taxed or rated to pay any sume or sumes of Money in forme aforesayde, doe refuse the paymente thereof, or otherwyse withstande ther Distresses, or yf any other that shall be chardged to taske rate gather levy or pay over any the Moneys aforesayde, shall refuse withstande deny or ympugne to accomplyshe the order or comaundemente of the sayde Justices of the sayde County of Hereford, or any two of them whereof one to be of the Quorum in that behalfe, then every such pson and psons shall be ymprysoned withowt Bayle or Mayneprise, by the

1 in O.

D

A Bridge shall be built there by the Inhabitant! of Herefordshire.

II.

Bridge shall be built within 7 Years; under Penalty of jflOO a-year.

ra.

Justices may auess Rates on the Inhabitants of the County for building the said Bridge, to be levied by Distress, Sec. according to St. aa H.VIII. c. j.

and may appoint Collectors of Rates;

and imprison Persons refusing to pay.

928

39° Eliz. c. 24.

IV.

Penalty on Justicea misapplying Money raised, j£ioo.

V.

Penont appointed by Quarter Seuiom may receive Contributions.

VI.

Charles Bridges, Esq. Lord oT the Manor and Lessor of the Ferry.

For keeping the Bridge in Repair a certain Pontage or Toll granted;

leviable by Collectors to be annually appointed;

out of which, sfcio per Annum shall be paid to said C. Bridges.

~]

A.D. 1597-8.

discreC&n of the sayde Justices or any two of them, whereof one to be of the Quorum, untill such tyme as they and every of them so offendinge shall be conformable to pforme and abyde the order of the sayde Justices or any two of them, whereof one to be of the Quorum, for there sayde Olfencf.

And moreover bee yt enacted by thaucthoryty aforesayde, That yf the saide Justyces, or any one of them, within there severall Lymittf havinge receyved any sume or sumes of money (•) towardes the erectinge & makinge of the sayde Bridge, doe deteyne the same or any parte thereof in his or there Handes, or do not ymploy the same with all conveniente speede as aforesayde, but shall use yt to his or there owne private Pfittf Comodyties or Behoofes, to the hynderance of the sayde Worke, that then everie such Justice of the Peace soe offendinge, for every such defalte shall forfeyte and losse the some of one hundred powndes; One moyty whereof shall be ymployed towardes the buyldinge and reparynge of the sayde Brydge, and the other moytye thereof to hym or them that will sue for the same in anye of the Queenes Majestyes Courtes of Recorde, by Action of Debte Bill Playnt or Informacftn, wherein no Essoyne Ptection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed.

And for the better Assistance of the sayde Inhabytantf of the sayde County of Hereforde to defray the Chardgf of the saide Worke, Be yt enacted by the aucthoryty aforesayde. That yt shall and may be lawfull to & for all and every such pson and psons of the sayde County of Hereforde, as by the saide Justices of the sayde County or the moste parte of them in theyre gen!all Quarter Sessions shall be noyated or appoynted, to aske receyve and take of any of the Queenes Majestyes Subjectes within the Principalyty of Wales and the Marches of the same, all suche sume and sumes of Money as they or any of them without compulsion will willingly give towardes the buyldynge and erectinge of the sayde Brydge ; The [sayde *] sume and sumes of money to be payde over by the said person or psons so by the saide Justicf to be appointed as aforesaide, and to be ymployed as aforesayde towardes the sayde Worke, upon such paynes and penaltyes as before hereby is lymytted.

And whereas Charles Bridges Esquyre is Owner of the Lordshippe or Manor of Wylton aforesayde, and by reason thereof, (althoughe at all tymes when the saide Ryver ryseth not with Landfloode, all men may and doe freely passe throughe the sayde Ryver, being an highe [and ’] porte way at their wills 8t pleasures, yet he the sayde Charles hath an yearely rent of suche psons as by his Dymyse do kepe the boates upon the said Passage, and allso ys Owner of the Soyle where the fitteste place to fasten make & erecte the same Brydge ys thoughte to be,) which yearely Rente or Pfitte now the (4) Charles Bridges shall losse by reason of the sayde Brydge; And Forasmuch as the erectinge and buyldinge of the same Brydge shall or may stande to small Purpose, yf Pvysyon for repayring and mayntayninge thereof from tyme to tyme & as often as need shall require be not had & duly considered of: Be yt therefore enacted by the aucthoryty aforesaide, That from and after the tyme of the makynge and fynyshinge of the sayde Brydge, from tyme to tyme and at all tymes for ever then after. Pontage shall be payde levyed and taken at the sayde Brydge in manner and forme followinge, and not otherwyse, viz. Every pson or psons that shall drive any Wayne Carre or Carte loaden over the sayd Bridge, shall pay for every such Wayne Carre or Carte so by hym or them to be dryven over the same Bridge, two pence; and everye one that shall leade or dryve any Horse or Horses loaden with any Packe, or any Shepe or other Beastes of what kinde soever, over the sayde Brydge shall pay for every such Horse and Packe, one pennye, and for every tenn Shepe or upwardf to the number of twenty, two pence, and for twenty Shepe, three pence, and for everye five Beastes of all other kind to the number of twenty, two pence, and for every twenty Beastes, syxe pence, and so pporcionably for all Horses and Packes Waynes Carres Cartes loaden Shepe and other Cattell accordinge to the same Rate: Which Pontage shall be collected and gathered yearely as followeth, viz. That twoe such suffycyente Burgesses of the sayde Towne of Rosse, with two such suffycyente Freholders of the sayde Countye of Hereford, as shall be yearely elected and noyated by the Justices of Peace of the sayde County of Hereford, or the more parte of them, and by the Stewarde of the sayde Towne of Rosse for the tyme beynge, or hys Deputy, at the Gefiall Sessions of (J) Peace to be yearely holden for the sayde County of Hereford nexte after the Feaste of Saynt Mychaell the Archangell, to be Collectors of the same Pontage, and the Deputy and Deputyes of the same two Burgesses, and two Freholders as aforesayde, and every one or moe of them, shall have full power and aucthoryty hereby, from the tyme of the same Electyon for one whole yeare then next followinge, and so untill two other Burgesses and two other Freholders shalbe elected and chosen to the same office of Collectors in forme aforesayde, to collecte gather and receyve the saide Pontage at the sayde Brydge after the rate aforesayde. And yf any shall deny refuse or ympugne the paymente thereof, then that yt shall and may be lawfull to and for the sayde Collectors, and to and for every or any of them, and the Deputy and Deputyes of them and of every of them for the tyme beyinge, to take such Oxen Horses Sheepe and other Cattell, or as muche of them as they shall thinke fitte, as any pson or psons so denyinge refusyng or ympugnynge to pay shall dryve or leade or offer to dryve or leade over the sayde Brydge, into the custody of them the sayde Collectors or their Deputyes as aforesayde, and the same to deteyne and kepe as a Distresse in common Pownd, untyll the same Pontage after the rate aforesayde shall be fully satysfyed & payde; And that they the sayde Collectors so as aforesayde to be yearely elected and chosen, shall, owte of the Yssues and Pfittes of the same Pontage, pay yearely to the sayde Charles Brydges his Heyres and Assignes, the some of Tenn Powndes of lawfull Money of England, at the Feaste of Saynte Michaell the Archeangell for ever; which sayd some of Ten Powndes, he the sayde Charles Brydges his Heyres and Assignes, shall and may sue for have and recover agaynste the sayde Collectors for there tyme, or the Survivor or Survyvors of them, yf anye of them happen to dye.

1 aforsaide O. 1 same O. 'or O. * saide 0. the O.


A.D. 15.97-8

39° Eliz. c.24, 25.

929

k

k

•4

tt

4

4

15

H

it

M

'4

K

IS

4

It

4

i

k


t!

a

4

r

k

B

4

ii

a

I

k

i

i

t

i

ii K

4

i

a

F

or agaynste the Heyres Executors or Admynystrators of them or of any of them, in any of her Majestyet Courtes of Recorde by Actyon of Debte Byll Playnte or Informac&n, whereyn no Essoyne Ptectyon or Wager of Lawe shall be admytted or allowed : And Moreover they the sayde Collectors and there Deputyes shall yearely from tyme to tyme for ever hereafter, at such tyme or tymes as they or any of them shall be thereunto requyred at or after the ende of one yeare next after there sayde Electyon, by the sayde Justices of Peace and by the Stewardc of the sayde Towne or Boroughe of Rosse for the tyme beynge or his Deputy or by any two of them, whereof one of the sayde Justices to be one as aforesayde, before the sayde Justices or before one or more of them to be nomynated by the Justices of the sayde County in their Quarter Sessyons, and before the Stewarde or his Deputy, make and yealde upp a true and pfecte Accompte upon there Oaths, of all the Yssues and Pfytes of the Pontage of the sayde Brydge for the tyme of the sayde Accomptantes; upon which Accompte the sayd some of Tenn Powndes, to be yearely payde to the sayde Charles Brydges his Heyres and Assignes, shall be allowed to the sayde Accomptantf; And all suche some and sbmes of Money as the sayde Accomptantes shall disburse in or abowte the Reparac&ns of the sayde Brydge and the Cawseys thereunto adjoyninge, or in or abowte the Reparac&ns of any other Cawseys or Brydges in the sayde County of Hereford, by Warrante from the sayde Justices at there Quarter Sessyons or in or abowte any of them, and reasonable Allowance to the sayde Accomptantf for them and there Deputyes for there travellf and paynes in Collectyon of the same Pontage, and Twenty Shillyngf yearely to be payde to the Stewarde of the [same '] Towne or Boroughe or his Deputy for the tyme beinge for his paynes in heareinge and dePmyninge of the same Accompte, shall be to them allowed upon their sayde Accompte: And further upon the dePmynac&n of every suche Accompte, the sayd Accomptantf shall pay over all such some and somes of Money, as shall be thereupon fownde to remayne in the Handes of the sayde Accomptantes of the same there Collectyon, to the new Collectors for the tyme beyng, to remayne in there Handes as a Stocke towardes the Reparac&n of the sayde Brydge and Cawsey, and of any other Brydge or Cawsey in the sayde County of Hereford, to be disbursed and ymployed accordinge to the Order of the sayde Justices in their Quarter Sessyons.

And yf any p6on or psons, which shall be elected by the sayde Justices & Steward or his Deputy to be Collector or Collectors as aforesayde, refuse to take upon him or them the same Office, or beinge Collectour or Collectors shall mysdemeane him or themselves in the sayde Office, or beinge called to accompte as aforesayde shall refuse to yeald the same, or accomptinge as aforesayde shall mysdemeane hym or themselves in the same Accompte, or shall refuse to pay or not pay all such some and somes of money upon the de?mynac&n of the same account, as shall fall owte upon the same accompte to remayne in the custody of the sayde Accomptantf upon every such accompte as aforesayde. Be yt enacted by the aucthoryty aforesayde, That then and so often yt shall be lawfull hereby to the sayde Justices of Peace of the sayde County in there Quarter Sessyons, or the moste parte of them, to ympryson every such Collector or Collectors and there Deputyes, and every or any of them, so refusinge mysdemeaninge themselves not accomptinge or not payinge, wythowt Bayle or Maynprise untill he or they so offendinge shall pforme the Order of the sayde Justices; And also that every such Collector and Collectors and their Deputyes and every of them so offendinge shall forfeyte and losse for everye such Contempte and Offence the s5me of Five Powndes of lawfull Money of England, to be ymployed to the use of the sayde Brydge to be buylte as aforesayde, and to be levyed by the other Collectors succedinge, by Distresse and Sale thereof, yf the sayde somme of Five Powndes be not payde within Fower dayes nexte after the takyng of the sayde Dystresse.

Provydbd neverthelesse and be yt enacted by the aucthoryty aforesayde, That all and every Pson and Psons Owners or Occupyers of any Landes or Tenementf in the sayde County of Hereford, which doe yearely pay any Come Grayne or other Pfitte in ctaynty, in respecte of the same Landes or Tenementes, to the Keep of the sayde Passage for theyre Passage over the same Ryver, and there Heyres and Assignes of the same Landes and Tenementes shall be free and discharged of payment of the Pontage aforesayde; so allwayes as they and every of them shall yearely pay to the sayde Collectors for the tyme beinge, to be accompted for and ymployed as aforesayde, such and so much Corne and Grayne and other Pfyttf as usually have bene payde to the Keaps of the sayde Passage by the Occupyers of the sayde Landes and Tenementf in respecte of the same Landes or Tenementes; for whiche Corne and Grayne and other Pfyttes, so yearely to be payde or receyved by the sayde Collectors, the sayde Collectors and every of them for there tyme shall duelye accompte as aforesayde in forme aforesayde, upon the paynes and penaltyes aforesayde.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Acte for the inlardging of the Statute made for followinge Hue and Cry, in the seaven and twentyeth yeare of your Majestyes Reygne, in some sorte to releive the Inhabitantf of the small Hundred of Beynershe ats Benherste, in Cases where they are in noe voluntary defalte, & yet are or shalbe chardged by the same Statute & by two ancyent Statutes, the one made the xiij yeare of Kinge Edwarde the Fyrste, the other in the xxviij yeare of Kinge Edwarde the Thirde, for repressynge of Robberyes.

IN moste humble wyse beseccheth your moste excellente Majestye, the poore Inhabitantes of the Hundred of Beynershe alias Benhurste within the County of Berk; That whereas the sayde Hundred doth consiste onely of five small Villages and thre small Quyllettf or Hamlettf, & hathe lyinge throughe yt two greate Roade highe wayes, the one leadynge from London to Henley upon Thames, the other from London to Readyng, and eyther of them at the

1 taide O.


it D

Collect on of tlte Toll shall account yearly!

and pay over their Balance to their Succcsaon, Scc.

VII. Collector* refuting to sene or negleAing to account, may be imprisoned. Ice.

VIII. Persons liable to Payments in Com to the Ferry, shall be free of Pontage on malting such Payments to the Collectors for the Bridge.

a7 Eliz. c. 13 j Wynton. 13 Ed. I, stat. 2. cc. 1, a

28 Ed. III. c. 11.

Peculiar Hardships of charging the Hundred of Bcnherst in Berkshire, under the Sututes of Hue and Cry.

930

39° Eliz. c. 25,26,

A.D.\597-S.

The said Hundred may recover the whole Damages levied on them under recited Acte against any Hundred neglecting to make fresh Suit, recoverable at half such Damages are under ij Elis. c.ij.

Such Remedy given only on failure of Notice to the said Hundred, or when Hue and Cry made by the Hundred,&c.

least three myles in lengthe, within the greate wooddy Ground called the Thickett; and no one of the same Vyllagf standeth upon or adjoyninge to either of the same wayes but ly dispersedly farr from the same, neither have the Inhabitantes of the same Hundred any open or common Feyldes, eyther arable or other, adjoynige or lyinge neare to such partes of the same wayes (within the sayde Thyckett) as are moste apte for Robberyes to be done, whereby they may have there Svantes or Workemen labouringe within the viewe of the same wayes, to take notice of the Robberyes done, and therefore the sayde Inhabitantes cannot well have any spedy notice or intellygence of any Robbery which shall be there comytted, unlesse the partye or partyes robbed should give the same unto them; and the several Lengthes and manner of the lyinge of the same Waies are suche, as all the able Men of the same small Hundred cannot soe watche the same severall wayes, as that thereby Robberyes may be p>vented ; And Whereas allso notice of such Robberyes as have bene of late yeares done there, hath bene (for the moste parte) gyven by the party robbed, at the Towne of Maydenheade, which ys owte of that Hundred and three myles distant from the foresayde theevyshe places in the Thyckett where the Robberyes are most usually done ; and yet upon such notice of Robberyes given at Maydenhead aforesayde (beynge owte of the Hundred) there hath bene lately (within one yeare) the some of twelvescore & fifteene pownde recovered, upon the foresayde Statutes, agaynste the same small Hundred of Beynersh ais Benherste, which had no notyce of the same Robberyes, whereby many of the poore Inhabitantes thereof have bene and are utterly ympoverished, to the utter ruyne and overthrowe of them their wyves and children; and many other the like extremydes may (by the aforesayde Statutes) fall upon them, though it lyeth not in their power as well for wante of notice as otherwyse to pforme the same Statutes, so as the Inhabitantf thereof are like to be genially impoverished, or inforced to remove theyre Dwellings into some other Hundred, without some Releyfe shall be for them in that behalfe pvyded: That yt may be enacted by the aucthoryty of this fPsente Parlyamente, That the Inhabytantes of the sayde Hundred of Beynershe alias Benherste, shall and may to theyre owne pp use, in the name of the Clearke of the Peace of the sayde County of Berk, recover have & levy all such somes of Money Costes and Damages, as hereafter shall be recovered or levyed of or agaynste them by the foresayde Statutes or any of them, agaynste the Inhabitantes or Resyantes of every or any such Hundred, with the Franchysies within the p>cynctes thereof, wherein Neclygence Faulte or Defecte of such Pursuyte and and fresh Suyte, (as by the Statute of the seaven and twentyeth yeare of your Majestyes Reygne is appoynted to be made,) shall happen to be, after nodee gyven, or Huy and Cry broughte to the same Inhabytantf or Resyantes, or any of them, of or upon any Robbery which shall be at any tyme hereafter done within the said Hundred of Beynershe als Benherste; And that this p>sent Acte shall gyve as full power and aucthoryty in all respectes to the Inhabytantes of the sayde Hundred of Beynershe alias Benherste, (in the name of the Clerke of the Peace of the same County,) for Recovery havinge and levyinge of all the sayde Money Costes and Damagf as aforesayde, as the aforesayde Statute of the xxvij yeare of your Majestyes Reygne gave or intended to gyve for the recovery of a moyty or one halfe thereof.

(1) Puovydkd allways and yt is enacted by the aucthoryty aforesayde, That no such Remedy or Recovery shall be hadd by this Statute for all or the whole some or somes of Money and Damages as aforesayde, but onely in these two cases, viz. The one where no such notice or intellygence, as by the sayde Statute of (*) xxvij yeare of your Majestyes Reygne was appoynted to be gyven of every or any Robbery, shall be gyven to the Inhabytantes of the sayde Hundred of Beynershe alias Benherste ; the other where the Inhabitantf of the same Hundred, after such Notice of any Robbery to them or some of them given, or after Hue & Crie [to them for the same *3 broughte, shall make or cause to be made freshe suyte and pursuyte after the Offenders with Horsemen & Footemen according to the sayde Statute of the xxvij yeare of your Majestyes Reygne, and where neverthelesse the Offenders or any or one of them, shall not be apprehended within fourty dayes after the Robbery comytted.

Grant, by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury, of Three Subsidies of 41. in the Pound:

Tenor of the said Grant:

CHAPTER XXVI. (♦)

An Act for the Confirmation of the Subsidies granted by the Cleargie.

WHERE the Prelates and Cleargie of the Province of Canterbury, have for certaine Considerations, lovingly and liberally given and graunted to the Queenes most excellent Majestie, Three Subsidies of Foure Shillings in the pound, to be taken and levied of all and singuler their Promotions Spirituall within the same Province, at such daies and times and in such certaine maner and forme, and with such Exceptions and Provisions, as bee specified and delivered in a certaine Instrument by them thereof made, and delivered unto the Queenes Highnesse, under the Seale of the most Reverend Father in God John now Archbishopp of Canterbury and Primate of all England, which Instrument is now exhibited in this present Parliament to be ratified and confirmed : The Tenour whereof ensueth in these Words:

Illustrissim,s2 8c Serenissims in Christo Principi, et Domins nostra: Clemendssims, Doming Elizabeths Dei gratia Anglia: Francis & Hibemis Regins, Fidei Defensori, &c. Johannes Divina Providentia Cantuariensis Archiepiscopus, totius Anglis Primas & Metropolitans, omnimodam obedientiam & subjecdonem, ac felicitatem & salutem, in eo per quern Reges regnant 8c Principes dominantur: Vestrs serenissims Regis sublimitati per presens publicum Instrumentum, sive has literas nostras testimoniales, significamus 8c notum facimus, quod Prelad 8c Clerus

1 The following Clause is not inserted in the Old Printed Editions.

* the 0.

* From the Edition of the Statutes 1618, usually called Rastall’s. See Note at beginning of this Tear.

’ for the same to them 0.


A.D. 1597-S.

39° Eliz. c. 26.

931

nostra Cantuariensis Provincia, in sacra Sinodo Provincial! sive convocations, Vigore 8c authoritate brevis Regii vestri in ea parte nobis directi, in domo capitular! Ecclesia vestra Cathedralis divi Pauli London, vicesimo die mensis Octobris, Anno Domini millesimo quingentesimo nonagesimo septimo, jam current, inchoata et celebrata, ac de die in diem 8c loco in locum usque ad 8c in tricessimum diem presentis mensis Noverri ante meridiem continuata 8c prorogata, in Ecclesia Collegiata divi Petri Westm, legitime congregati, pro quibusdam magnis arduis 8c urgentibus causis per nos eis propositis, ac inter eos matura deliberatione ponderatis, pro defensione regnorum 8c dominiorum vestrorum, necnon 8c pro eorum erga vestram Regiam sublimitatem officio, tria ultronea ac spontanea 8c voluntaria Subsidia, vestrae Regia; munificentiae unanimi eorum consensu 8c assensu dederunt 8c concesserunt, prout tenore presentis publici Instrumeti, (seriem concessions hujusmodi in se continent,) plenius liquet et apparet; Humiliter et obnixe vestrae Regiae Majestati supplicantes quatenus haec eorum tria Subsidia pro vestra solita dementia benigne accipiatis, ac bene consulere gradose dignemini : Tenor vero dictae Concessionis de verbo in verbum sequitur, 8c est talis.

Most gracious and renowned Soveraigne, Your Majesties most bounden Subjects the Prelats and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburie, called together by your Highnesse Authority, and now lawfully assembled in a Convocarion or Synode, bearing in mind the great and many blessings of God which they and the rest of your people have long enjoyed and still doe, by meanes of your most godly and happy Government, your princely protection of Trueth publike preservation of Justice carefull circumspection for Peace, and naturall inclination to Mercy, and finding no other way to make knowne to your Majesty their thankfull and dutifull Remembrance of your most wise foresight and tender care for the good of this whole Realme, but by their earnest prayers to God for the long 8c joyful continuance of your most prosperous Reigne, and harty desires by all possible meanes to prevent and withstand whatsoever may hinder the assurance of your Royall Estate or endanger the safty of your sacred person, or disturb the quiet and tranquility of your Kingdome, and perceiving also by daily experience that the more it pleaseth God favourably to defend the right of your Majesties Scepter and height of your Throne from all the designements 8c Attempts of spitefull 8c implacable Enemies, they so much the more bend themselves against God 8c your Highnes to plot 8c practise the invasion of your Land, the slaughter of your people, the conquest of your Realme, and the utter destruction and ruine of your Royall Person and State : For so much as it cannot be chosen but that, for the preventing 8: withstanding of those their said Enemies malicious purposes, your Highnes both hath bin already and hereafter must needs be at so exceeding great and extraordinary Charges that the sole Revenues of your Crowne though they were far greater then they are, cannot still suffice for so many weighty imployments, most humbly acknowledge it to be their bounden duties to God, your Majesty, and the whole Realme, according to the uttermost of their Powers and Abilities, and for the retaining of the Gospel of Christ amongst them, the preservation of your Majesties blessed and most renowmed regiment over them, the continuance of the long enjoyed Peace of this your Kingdome, and their owne and other your loving Subjects Safety and Defence, to offer unto your Highnesse as a further testimony and token of their good Wills and dutifull Affections some such Aide and Contribution toward the supportation of your Majesties said Charges, as they are perswaded the greatnesse of the same most justly may require: In due Consideration whereof, Your said Prelates and Cleargy, with one uniforme Agreement Accord and Consent, have given and graunted, and by these presents doe give and graunt to your Highenesse your Heires and Successours, Three whole and entier Subsidies in manner and forme following; That is to say; That every Archbisshoppc Bisshoppe Deane Archdeacon Provost Maister of Colledge Prebendarie Parson 8c Vicar and every other person and persons of whatsoever name 8c degree he or they bee within the Province of Canterburie, having and enjoying any Spirituall Promotion or other Temporall Possession to the same Spirituall Promotion annexed, now not divided or separated by Acte of Parliament or otherwise from the possession of the Cleargie, shall pay to your Highnesse your heires and successors, for every Pound that he may yeerely dispend by reason of the saide Spirituall Promotion, the sum of Foure Shillings for every of the said three Subsidies : And for the true and certaine value of all the Promotions and every of them, whereof the paiment of this Subsidie shalbe made, the Rate Taxation Valuation and Estimation now remaining of Record in your Majesties Courte of Exchequer for the payment of a perpetuall Disme or Tenth granted unto your Majesties most noble Father, in the sixe and twentieth yeere of his Reigne, concerning such Promotions as now be in the Possession of the Cleargie, shall onely be followed and observed, without making any Valuation Rate Taxation or Estimation other then in the said Record ys comprised: Provided alwayes, That forasmuch as the tenth part of the said Rate and Valuation before mentioned, is yeerely paid to your Highnesse for the saide ppetuall Disme, so as there remayneth onely nine parts yeerely to the Incumbent deere, These 3 Subsidies of Foure Shillings the pound shalbee understood and meant onely of every full pound of the said nine parts and of no more: Provided alwayes, That no Person that is or hereafter shall bee promoted to any Benefice or Spirituall Promotion, and hath or shall compound with your Majestie your Heires or Successours for the First Fruites of the same, from the second day of October last past, viz. in the yere of our Lord God 1597, according to the Computation of the Church of England, and on this side the second day of October which shall be in the yeere of our Lord God i6co, according to the said Computation, shall be contributory or charged for the same Benefice or Promotion to your Highnesse your Heires or Successours, with any part of these Subsidies, during the first yeere after the time of any compounding for his First Fruitf; and that no such person that is already or shalbe hereafter promoted to any Benefice or Spiritual Promotion, and hath or shall compounded with your Maiestie for the First Fruites of the same, betwene the second day of the moneth of October, which was in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand five hundred ninety sixe, according to the Computation of the Church of England, and the second day of October now last past, shalbe contributory or charged for the same Promotion to your Highnesse your Heires and Successours, with the moytie or first payment of this first Subsidie; in respect that the moytie or one halfe of his First Fruites for the said Promotion shall remaine answerable to her Majesty

Motives for this Grant:

Grant of 4s. in the Pound for each Subsidy, on all Spiritual Promotions, as valued to the King's Tenth under

St. a6 H.VIII. c.3.

but payable on Nine-Tenths only;

and not on the

First Year after Promotion and compounding for First Fruits:

Original from PENN STATE

932

39° Eliz. c. 26.

A.D. 1591-S

Times of Payment of the said Three Subsidies, by Two Payments in each Year, for Three Years.

Clerk's Fee on Acquittance to Collectors:

Like Subsidy on Pensions to Priests, See.

Payments by Stipendiary Priests on £to to £tj, l*s. 4d. a Year: seij and upwards, 10*. a Year.

Bishops, Ac. shall he Collectors;

and shall certify Names of

Stipendiary Priests;

Payments shall be received from Collectors when tendered by them

after the time that the first payment of this first Subsidy shall be due: And your Prelats and Cleargy do also grant, that these three Subsidies of iiij Shillings of the full pound of the nine parts of the yerely value of every Spiritual! Promodon aforesaid within the said Province taxed as is aforesaid, shall be paid to your Majestie your Heires and Successours in maner and fourme following; That ys to say, Foure Shillings of every full pound onely aforesaid y4relie untill the same be payd; The first payment of the first of these three Subsidies to be due at the nineteenth daye of February now next ensuing, which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord One thousand five hundred nintie seven, And the second payment of the same to be due at the second day of October wd‘ shall be in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand five hundred nintie eight then next and immediatly ensuing ; And also the first payment of the second of these three Subsidies to be due at the xix. daye of February,

which shall be in the yere of our Lord One thousand five hundred nintie eight, And the second payment

of the same to be due at the second day of October, which shalbe in the yere of our Lord 1599, then next and immediatly ensuing; And also the first payment of the third of these three Subsidies to be due at the xix. day of February, which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God 1599, And the second payment of the same to be due at the second day of October, which shall be in the yeere of our Lord God 1600 then next and immediately following; to bee delivered and paied yeerely by suche person and persons as in this present Graunt shall be appointed to have the Collection thereof, to the Lord High Treasurour or Under Treasurour of England for the time being, or to such person or persons and in suche place or places as shall please your Highnesse to appoint to bee paide; the first paiment of every of the said three Subsidies, being due the xix. day of February, at or before the last returne of Trinitie Terme in every of the said Three yeres; and the second payment of every of the saide three Subsidies, being due the second day of October, at or before the last Returne of Hillary Terme in every of the said Three yeares; without paying any thing to the Receiver, or to any other Officer or persons to bee assigned for the Receipt thereof, for any

Acquittance or other Discharge, upon any such Payment or Receipt of the said Subsidies or any part thereof to

bee given and delivered, but onely Foure pence, and that to the Clarcke for writing the same Acquittances or Discharge for every of the same paymentf : Item, Your Highnesse said Prelates and Cleargie also doe grant, that every Priest and all other Ecclesiasticall persons, having any Pension payable by your Majestie your Heires or Successours, by reason of the dissolution of the late Monasteries Colledges Free Chappells Cnanteries Fraternities Guilds and Hospitals, or of any other Spirituall Dignitie or Corporation nowe dissolved within the said Province of Canterburie, shall likewise pay to your Highnesse your Heires and Successors, Foure Shillings of every pound of the said Pensions yeerely every of the said three yeeres, at such daies and times as are before specified ; And that for the sure paiment therof, deduction and detention of the same shalbe made yerely in the Hands of the payers of the said Pensions, after the Rate and Portion of iiijs. the ponnde every of the said three yeres, to bee accompted for & answered to your Majesties Use by your Highnes Receivers and Officers deputed for the paiment of suche Pensions, in their several Accompts, within the which Allowance shall be given them for their paiment of every such Pensions liable to the several! paiments of the said three Subsidies: Item, Your saide Prelates and Cleargy doe grant, that every Priest Deacon or Minister, not chargeable by the former part of this Act, receiving any Stipend for the exercising or executing of any part of Ecclesiasticall Function or Administration of the Word or Sacraments in any Place, aswell exempt or not exempt, beinge no Perpetuity, after the rate of Tenne pounds or above and under the summe of Fifteene pounds by the yeere within the saide Province, shall pay unto the use of your Highnesse your Heires and Successors yeerely Thirteene shillings & foure pence, That is to say, Six shillings and eight pence at every payment in every of the said three yeres, at such times and to such persons as the said Subsidies shalbe so payed; And that every such Priest Deacon or Minister not chargeable as is aforesaid, and receiving any Stipend for the exercising or executing of any part of Ecclesiasticall Function or Administration of the Word or Sacrament in any Place, as well exempt as not exempt, being in Perpetuitie, after the rate of xv ti. by the yere or above, within the saide Province, shall pay unto your Highnes your Heires and Successors yerely xx s.. That is to say, x s. at every payment and in every of the said iij yeres, at such times and to such persons as the said Subsidies shalbe paied, to be levied in such sort as is hereafter specified for the Subsidies of the Residue of the Clergie; and for default of the payment of the said persons receiving Stipends as is aforesaid, that every Parson Vicar or other Spirituall or Temporall Person Proprietarie or Farmor, or or any other hiring entertaining or paying any of the said Priests Deacons or Ministers to serve or administer in any Place the Word Sacraments as is aforesaid, shalbe answerable and charged for and with the payment of the said severall sums of xx s. and xiij s. and iiij d. for the said Priest Deacon or Minister, every of the said Three yeeres, and shall and may make retention of his and their Stipend and Wages quarterly, of so much as the said Priests Deacons or Ministers be charged with by this present Grante, every of the said Three yeres: Item, Your said Prelates and Cleargie do grant, that ever)- Archbishop and Bishop, and (the Sea being voyd) every Deane and Chapter of that Sea voyd, and none other person or persons, shall be Collectors of these Subsidies w,hin their proper Diocesse during the saide Three yeeres, other then of the Pensionaries aforesaide; and that the said Archbishop Bishop, or (the Sea beinge voyde,) the Deane and Chapter, shall certifie into your Majesties Court of Exchequer, under their Seales, the Nantes and Surnames of all such Stipendarie Priests Deacons and Ministers within their Dioces, as bee chargeable by this Act, at or before the severall Retumes aforesaid, yeerely during the saide iij yeres; And those Stipendary Priests Deacons and Ministers onely shalbe reputed and taken to be chargeable by this Act which shalbe in such sort certified, unlesse within Three Yeares next after suche Certificat exhibited it shalbe justly proved that some are omitted that ought therein to have beene certified; And in this case, such and so many other Stipendarie Preists Deacons and Ministers shall be likewise accounted chargeable by this Act as within the said Three Yeeres shalbe so found to have bin omitted: And your said Prelates and Cleargie doe most humbly beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted by your Majesty and your High Court of Parliament (for the speedy paiment of the said Three Subsidies, and to avoid delaies therof,) that when and as often as any Collector or Collectors chargeable with the

toy


A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c.26.

933

Collection of these Subsidies or of any part of them, or their or any of their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies of any of them, shall offer the paiment of them or of any part of them, to the use of your Majestie your Heires or Successours, to any person or persons appointed to receive the same by your Highnesse or by the Lord High Treasurer, that the said person or persons so appointed shall within foure dayes next after such Appointment, receive or cause to be received the Money so offered to be payd without any further delay, and deliver one sufficient Bill testifying the receipt thereof to the said Collectour or his Undercollector or Deputie upon every suche particular payment: And that every such Auditour, as is or shall be appointed to take or receive the Account of any such Collectour or Collectours or their severall Undercollectors or Deputies, shall within sixe dayes next after Request to him to be made, truly and indifferently take the said Account and make Allowance as by this Graunt is appointed; upon paine that every such person and persons appointed to receive the same summe or summes of Money so offered, and every such Auditor, shall lose and forfeit for every default or delay to bee made to the Collector or Collectors Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputy or Deputies so offring to make Payment or Account as is aforesaid, the summe of Tenne Pounds of iawfull Money of England, the one moitie thereof to be to your Majestie your Heires and Successors, and the other moitie to the said Collector or Collectors Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputy or Deputies so greived, the same to be paid upon complaint to be made to the said Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or to the Lord Chiefe Baron of your Majesties Court of Excheq,; who upon such complaint shall presently examine the matter, and finding default shal commit the Offendour to Ward, there to remaine untill hee shall have paid the said severall sumtnes so forfeited: And for better levying and recovering of these three Subsidies, your saide Prelates and Clcargy doe likewise moste humbly beseech your Majestie that it may bee enacted by your Majestie and your said High Court of Parliament in maner and forme following, (that is to say,) That everie Collector of the said Subsidies and of every part and parcel of them, and their lawful Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, maye have full power and authoritie to use all suche Wayes and Meanes and Processe as be prescribed in the Act of perpetuall Disme for the Collection and levying thereof; and may make Accompt of the same before the Lord High Treasuror or Under Treasuror of England for the time being, or any other Officer by your Highnesse or your Court of Exchequer to bee appointed for the same, and in such place as your Majestie shall likewise assigne, in such wise and after such forme onely as the saide Archbishop and Bishops bee now charged to make Accompt for the sayd perpetuall Dismes and Tenth; whereby is meant that the lacke and default of payment of and for any Spirituall Promotion or Promotions, shall only charge such Incumbent or Incumbents, and such others as be bound to pay the same; And that the Archbishop Bishop Deane and Chapter, gathering that which they can receive, and making payment thereof, shall for the rest, not by them received, be discharged by their Certificate to bee made for the first paiment at or before the last returne of Trinity Terme, in everie of the said three yeers, and for the second payment at or before the last returne in Hillary Terme in every of the said three yeres, unto your Highnesse Court of Exchequer: And that sixe pence of everie pound wherewith the Collectour shall be charged in his Accompt, cleerely to be paid into the Receipt of your Majesties Exchequer, or into such other place as shall please your Highnesse to appoint, shalbe allowed to the said Collector upon his Accompt for the same, in every of the said iij yeres, for the Charges of the said Collection Portage safe conveying and paying of the same Subsidies : And moreover that it may be enacted likewise, that after any payment of the sayd Subsidie shall be once due by vertue of this Graunt in any one of the said three yeres, if any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promotion Spirituall charged to the Payment of either of the said Subsidies, being at any time after that the same Payment shall bee due, lawfully monished, eyther personally or at his Dignitie Stall Church or Mansion House, by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocesse, or his Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or the Deane and Chapter (the Sea being voide), or by any of their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies authorised in that behalfe, to appeare by himselfe or his Deputie, at a certaine Day and Place of convenient distance to the said Incumbent then to bee signified and prefixed, and then and there to pay such part of the saide Subsidyes of his Benefice or Promotion Spirituall as then by vertue of this Graunt shall be due, doe not eyther at the same Day and Place so to him signified and prefixed, truely content and pay, or cause to be contented and paid, the same part of the said Subsidies which then by him shall bee due to bee paide unto the same Archbishop or Bishop or to his Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapiter of any Sea being voyde, or to their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or to one of them shewing sufficient [Depution 1 ] from the said Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapiter, under his or their Seale in that behalfe, beinge ready at the same Day and Place so signified and prefixed to receive any Payment of the said Subsidies then due, and openly demanding the same, or else pay the same within fiftie Dayes next after any such prefixed Day at the furthest, (so that open demand be made of the said Paiment of the saide Subsidies in at the said Place & Daye before prefixed,) that then every Incumbent so making default of Payment of his part of the saide Subsidies in any of the said three yeres, after such default thereof certified into your Majesties Exchequer in Writing under the Seale and Hand writing of any Archbishop or Bishop, or the C5mon Seale of the Deane and Chapter the See being void, charged with the Collection of the same Subsidies, so that the said Certificat shalbe made according to the forme hereafter expressed, 8c exhibited into your Majesties said Court of Excheq, for the i. payment at or before the last returne of Trinity Terme in every of the said iij yeres j and for the second payment at or before the last returne in Hillary Terme in every of the said Three yeres, shal forfeit and lose unto your Majesty your Heires 8c Successors, all the Profits which, of that onely Dignity Benefice or Promotion for the which he maketh such default of Payment, and whereof such Certificat shalbe made, shall come grow or arise unto him, (over and above the Charges of serving the Cure,) in one whole yere next after such Certificat made and delivered unto your Highnesse Court of Exchequer, and

1 erroneously for • Deputation*

and Account! be taken by Auditor!, &c. Penalty £ to.

Collector! shall have the lame Pmven, See. ai for levying the Tenthi, See.

Allowance for Collection, 6d.in the Pound.

Incumbent of any Benefice, on Demand of Subiidy from him, and Certificate by the Bishop into the Exchequer of Non-payment, shall forfeit such Benefice;


II E


934

39° Eliz. c. 26.

A.D. 1597-8.

Form of «uch Certificate i

and Schedule to be annexed.

Incumbent may tender the Sum due, at any Time before Certificate ia exhibited.

Acquittance! to Collector! paying Subiidiei to Lord Treaiurer:

Feel thereon;

Penalty on Neglect or Extortion in the Officer! of the Exchequer, j£io.

Particular Acquittance! by Collector! to Incumbent!.

there admitted, in case the same Incumbent shall so long live; and that every such Certificat of any such default of Paiment shalbe made according to the Tenor and Effect insuing, mutatis mutandis: Honorabilibus 8c egregiis viris, Domino Thesaurario et Baronibus de Scaccario Illustrissimae Dominae nostra; Dominse Elizabeth Dei gratia Anglise Frandse 8c Hibemiae Reginae, Fidei Defensoris, &c. Vester humilis L permissione Divina L. Episcopus, aucthoritate et vigore cujusd5 Actus Parliameti Anno Regni dictae Dominae Reginae xxxix. xl. editi & provisi, ad colligendum & levandum Subsidia eidem Dominae Reginae in eodem Parliament per Prelatos & Clerum Cantuariensis Provinciae concessa, videlicet, pro prima solucione primi Subsidii solvend xix. die Februarij, ultimo praeterito, infra Diocesim nostram L. deputatus 8c authorizatus, omnimodam reverentiam tantis viris debitam cum honore. Vestris reverentiis harum serie annuntio 8c certifico, me praefatum Episcopum, modo quo praefertur deputatum 8c authorizatum, sufficienter 8c cum omni diligentia requisivisse per N. O. Subcollectorem seu depun! meum in hac parte, de quocunque Beneficio & Promotione Ecclesiastica in quadam Schedula praesentibus annexa specificatis, summas died Subsidii pro dictis Beneficiis et Promotionibus debitas, pro prima solutione died Subsidii debiti & solvend, dicto xix. die Februarij, ultimo praeterito, prout in eadem Schedula presendbus annex, plenius liquet et apparet; Sed dictas summas ex causis in eadem Schedula allegads recipere non potui. In cujus rei testimonium, sigillum meum presendbus apposui. Datum die mensis Anno Domini : The Forme of which Schedule

above mentioned ensueth: Civitas L. vel Decanatus de H. A. B. Rector, vel Vicarius ibidem

monitus suit apud predic! die ultimo praeterito p N. O. subcollectorem seu deputatum

meum, ad solvendum apud Ecclesiam de L. in comitatu R. die proximo sequente, illam partem Subsidii per ipsum debinm xix. die Februarii ultimo praeterito, pro Promocione sua predicta. Sed praedictus A. B. nec apud Ecclesiam de L. praedictam, eodem die nec alibi per quinquaginta dies postea, summam per ipsum

(ut praefertur) solvit vel sadsfecit: neq, dictam summam de proficuis dictae promotionis nec de bonis 8c catallis died A. B. aliquo modo levare, sive recipere potui. Provided alwaies, That if any Pson or Incumbent, chargeable by this Act or Grant to any Paiment of these iij Subsidies, shall proffer or tender Payment of any summe due, to the Archbishop or Bishop or to the Deane and Chapter where the Sea is void, or to any Undercollector or Undercollectors Depude or Deputies of any Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapter aforesaide, at any time before the Certificate exhibited into the Exchequer as is aforesaid, that then notwithstanding the Certificate made as is aforesaide against any such Person, the saide Incumbent, or Person against whom the Certificate was so made, shall and may averre the Offer or Tender of his Payment as is aforesaide; And of the same shall be tryed, either by sufficient Witnesses, before the Lord Treasuror or Barons of the Exchequer, or by the Triall of twelve Men upon any Issue thereupon to bee joyned betwixt the same Incumbent 8c any other person or persons, that

hee or any for him did offer or tender the Paiment of the summe due as is aforesaid, That then every

such Incumbent shall have and injoy his Promotion or Promotions still, without Forfeiture or losing to

your Majesty your Heires or Successours any of the Profits thereof, and as though no Certificate or default of such Payment had beene made or exhibited; Any Thing in this present Graunt or Act to the contrary notwithstanding: And further, That it may be enacted likewise, That every Archbishop & Bishop, and Deane 8c Chapter of every Sea vacant, and other persons chargeable to and with the Collection of these Subsidies within the said Province of Canter, shall and may have upon every Paiment of the same Subsidies, made to the Lord High Treasurour or Under Treasurour of England for the time being, or to such other person or persons in place 8c places to whom and where it shal please your Highnes or your Court of Excheqs to appoint for the Receipt thereof, in every of the said Three yeres, a sufficient Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est in Writing of the said Lord High Treasurer or Under Tresurer, or of such other person or persons as either your Highnesse or your said Court of Exchequer shall assigne for the Receipt thereof, or as heretofore in the like Cases it hath beene accustomed, the same Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est witnessing the Receipt of so much of the same summe of the said Subsidies as shalbee so received; And every such Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est in Writing, subscribed with the Name or Names of the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer for the tyme being, or of such Auditor or other person or persons as it shall please your Highnes or your said Court of Exchequer to appoint for the same Receipts, or of such others as heretofore in like Cases it hath bin used, shall 8c may be good and effectual in the Law, 8c be also as sufficient a discharge to al 8c every of the said Collectors, to all such Intents Constructions 8c Purposes, as if the same were made by Act of Parliament: And that every of the saide Collectors shall pay but onely Three shillings foure pence for every generall and finall Acquittance, Discharge or Quietus est, for every yeres Payment of the said iij Subsidies: And if any person so assigned shall refuse or delay to make such a generall or finall Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est, for any payment of the said three Subsidies, or shall require and take for the same any more then three shillings foure pence, or yf any other Officer of the Exchequer shall require and take of any Collector or Collectors, or of his or their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, in respect of the Collection Payment or Account of the said Subsidies or any part thereof, or for expedition or for any other cause or pretence whatsoever concerning the same, any Fees or Sums of Money, other then are before in this present Act expressly allowed unto them, shall forfeit the Sum of x li. of lawful Mony of England, to be paid and recovered in like maner and to the same uses as is before limitted and expressed in this Statute touching the like forfeitures of Receivers 8c Auditors: And also that every perticuler Acquittance which upon paiment of any part of the same Subsidies shal be made by any Collector or Collectors of the same Subsidies, or of any payment of them, or by his or their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies in that behalfe, to any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promotion Spiritual), or to any person or persons contributorie and chargeable to and with the same Subsidies, or any part or payment of them, shall bee good and effectuall in Law, and a full and sufficient discharge to every such Incumbent, and other Parson, and his Benefice and Promotion Spirituall, of and for all such Summe and Summes of Money as by the same Acquittance shall bee acknowledged to bee


A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 26.

935

received, in respect of the same Benefice or Promotion Spiritual), for any Paiment or any part of the same Subsidies; And that none Acquittance of any other person or persons made before such Certificat shall in any wise discharge any person or promotion, for any part of his said Subsidies, nor of any Paine Penaltie or Forfeiture specified in this Grant: And to the intent it may be known to the Court of Exchequer who bee the Undercollector or Undercollectors Depude or Depudes of every such Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapter, authorized to receive the same, and to make Acquittance thereof, every Archbishop and Bishop, and Deane and Chapter of any Sea being voide, shall yerely, with the Cerdficats of the Names of the Sdpendarie Priests and Deacons, cerdfie the Names of every the Undercollectors or Depudes to bee appointed as is aforesaid: Provided alwayes, that no Collector of these Subsidies or of any part of them, shall use any Processe or compulsary Meanes, or exact any Fees or Sums of Money for the same, or otherwise of any person for not paying the said Subsidies or any part thereof, at such certaine day & place as shalbe by the Collector or his Undercollector or Deputy prefixed, in case the said person shall tender the same unto the Collector or his Undercollector or Deputy within twenty daies next after such prefixed day; and that the said Collectors shall not by themselves or any others, take of any person for the Receit of any severall payment of the said Subsidies and for his Acquittance thereupon, any more then foure pence, by any colour or pretext whatsoever: Provided alwayes, that no Spirituall Promotions, or any Landes Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, being charged by this Grante of the Province of Canterburie, or any Goods or Cattelles growing being or renuing upon the same, or elsewhere appertaining to the Owners of the saide Spirituall Promotions or to any of them, shall be charged or made contributorie to any Fifteene or Tenth, or any other Subsidie already granted to your Highnesse by the Laitie, or hereafter to be granted during the Terme of the said iij yeres: Provided also, That all Deanes Archdeacons Dignities Maisters Wardens and Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiat Churches & Colledges, or any of the, within the said Province, shalbe charged with these Subsidies for those Possessions Revenues and Promotions only which to their severall Promotions Dignities and Roomes are cleerely and distinctly limited, and to their owne only Uses severed, thereof to pay (the Tenth part being deducted) for every & each of the said iij. Subsidies 4s. of every fill Pound, in maner & forme as is above rehearsed: And that all those Rents Possessions Profits Portions Hereditaments and Spirituall Promotions, and every of them, heretofore by your Highnes or any your Majesties noble Progenitors, or any other person or persons whatsoever, given granted bequeathed devised or impropriated unto the said Cathedral or Collegiat Churches or Colledges, or to any of the, which any waies be assigned imploied or used either for or towards the yerely Mainetenance of Readers of Divinide Poore Men Schoolmasters Ushers Gramarians Peticanons Conducts Vicars Chorall Singingmen Choristers Vergers Sextons, or of any other necessarie or daylie Officers or Ministers in such Cathedrall or Collegiat Churches or Colledges or any of them, or for or towardes the reedifying or repayring of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiat Churches or Colledges, shall not bee charged with any part of these Subsidies; the certainty of which Portions, aswel chargeable to these Subsidies as not chargeable in this behalfe, the Archbishopp, or Bishop of the Diocesse, or (the Sea being void) the Deane it Chapter, or any other to whom the same shall or may appertaine, upon due Search and Examination, shall cerdfie under his or their Seales into your Highnes said Court of Excheq, at or before the severall Retumes aforesaid in everie of the said Three yeeres: Provided alwayes, that every Parson Vicar or other Spirituall person paying any Pension whereof no Allowance is made in the Valuation of his Promotion or Benefice, shall and may retaine Two Shillings of every pound of every such Pension for every payment every yeere during the said Three yeeres to his owne Reliefe, in consideration that hee is charged to pay these three Subsidies of iiij s. the pound out of every pound of the whole value of his Promotion; Any Covenant Grant or Bond to the contrary notwithstanding: Rovided also, and your said Prelates and Cleargie do most humbly beseech your Highnesse that it may be enacted b/ your Majesties Authority and your High Court of Parliament, That where certaine Lands Tenements Rents £j»irituall Promotions Tithes Pensions Portions Fruits, and other Hereditaments, lately belonging to divers Cathedral Churches, and to other places and persons Ecclesiastical within the said Province of Canterburie, which were given and assigned to be bestowed and spent in and on finding and maintaining of certaine Chanteries Adversaries Obites Lights Lamps, and other like Charges Intents and Purposes, of late came into the Hands and Possession of the late King of famous memory Edward the Sixt, by the force of a Statute thereof made in the first yeere of his Reigne, as by the said Statute more plainely appeareth ; That the saide Cathedrall Church* and the Bishops Deanes or Presidents and Chapters and Prebendaries of the same, and all other places and persons Ecclesiasticall or any of them, to whom the said Lands Rents and other the Premisses or any of them dd lately appertaine, shal not during the said three yeeres be charged to and with any paiment of Subsidie, of and for that part and portion of Lands Tenements Rents Spirituall Promotions and other Hereditaments or any of th*«i» whereunto the said late King by force of the said Statute was intituled or possessed of, nor of any yerely Kents or Paiments going out of the said Cathedral Churches & other the places & persons Ecclesiastical aforesaid; and that Deduction and Allowance therof be made to them and every of them accordingly, in and upon every payment of the said Subsidies, out of the whole Value Taxation and Estimation made for the paiment of the said perpetual Disme or Tenth remaining of Record in your Highnesse Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, for the rate and portion of Lands Tenements Rents Spirituall Promotions and other Hereditaments and those yeerely paiments whereunto the said late King was intituled or possessed of, or which since the making of the said Statute, by reason that they have bin found as Lands Tenements Rents Tithes or other Hereditaments concealed fro the saide late King Edward the Sixth, the late King Henry the Eight the late Queene Mary, or any of them, or from your Majestie, or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the said Cathedrall Churches and other places and persons aforesaid or of any of them by force of the Statute premised or any otherwise: Provided also, That these three Subsidies granted by the Cleargy, or any part of them or any of them, shall not be demanded or levied out of any Benefice House of Students or Colledge, scituate or set within either of the Universities of Cambridge or Oxford, or any Benefice Lands or other Revenues unto the sayd Universities or

N»me* of Deputy Collector! shall be certified.

Twenty Dayi after Demand allowed for Payment, without Feet, tcc.

No Spiritual Promotion! shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

Deans, Sic. chargeable for their Promotions.

Exemption of Retenues of Cathedrals, See. appropriated to the Poor, &c.

Certificate of such Revenues.

Persons paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy.

Exemption for Lands of Cliauntries, tcc. vetted in the Crown under Stat. I Edw. VI. c. la. or since, at Lands concealed. See.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, 4cc.

936

39° Eliz. c. 26.

Benefice* not exceeding £6. 13. +.

Vicarage* froin £8. to £10.

Pensions not exceeding jt".

These Rubsidie* to be confirmed by Parliament.

Such Subsidies confirmed by Parliament, accordingly.

II.

The said Subsidy shall be levied by Spiritual Censures, or by Distress; and when paid by Farmers shall be allowed out of their Rents ; unless on express Covenant to the contrary.

III.

Subsidies upon Impropriations may be levied on the Farmer* thereof.

Distresses may be appraised and sold.

either of them, or to any House of Students or Colledge in any of the same Universities, united appropriated or appertaining, or out of any Benefice Lands or Revenues of the Colledge of Windsor, or of the Colledge of Westminster, being of your Majesties Foundation, or of the Colledge of Eaton nigh Windsor, or of the Colledge called Saint Maries Colledge by Winchester, founded by William Wickham sometime Bishop of Winchester, or of any Hospitals Aimes Houses or Grammar Schooles, or of any Church Benefice or other Revenues, to the sayd Colledges Hospitals Aimes Houses or Grammer Schooles or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwise appertaining: Provided alwayes, That all Parsons Vicars and other Ecclesiastical! persons, whose Benefices are not above Sixe pounds thirteene shillings foure pence by yeere, after the Taxation aforesaid, shall not be charged with these three Subsidies or any part of the same: Provided also, That every Vicar whose Benefice is Eight pounds or above and not above Ten pounds by the yeere after the Taxation aforesaid, shall pay every yeere of the sayd three yeeres, onely Thirteene Shillings and foure pence, That is to say, Sixe shillings and eight pence at every payment at such times and to such persons as is aforesaid, for his part of the said Subsidies, as Sdpendarie Priests be charged to pay by force of this Graunt and not otherwise; and if it be under Eight pounds he shal not be charged with any part of the said Subsidies : Provided also, That every Priest and all other Ecclesiasticall or late Religious persons, having a Pension, by reason of the dissolution of the late Monasteries Colledges Free Chappels Chantries Fraternities Guilds and Hospitals or any other Incorporation within the Province of Canterbury or any of them, and being of the summe of Five pounds or under and not above, shall not be charged or chargable for any such Pension; Any thing contained in this Grant to the contrary notwithstanding. And for the sure & true paiment of these iij Subsidies, granted by your said Prelats and Cleargy of the Province of Canterburie, according to the tenor purport effect and true meaning of this present Grant, Your said Prelats and Cleargie most humbly desire your Highnesse that this their said Gift Grant and Subsidies, and every Matter summe of Money Petition Clause Provisions and Sentences in this Instrument conteyned concerning the said Subsidies, may bee ratified established and confirmed by the Authority of your Highnesse Court of Parliament.

Wherefore for the true and sure payment of the said Subsidies, granted by the said Prelats and Cleargie of the sayd Province of Canterburie, according to the Tenour Effect and true Meaning of the sayd Instrument, Bee it enacted by the Queenes most Excellent Majestie with the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said Gift Grant and every Matter summe of Money Petition Provision Clause and Sentence in the same Instrument contained, shall stand and be ratified established and confirmed by the Authority of this present Parliament.

And Fuither be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesayd. That every person that shall be appointed to the collection and gathering of the said Subsidies, shall have full power and authoritie to levie take and perceive the sayde Subsidies by the Authentic of the Censures of the Church, That is to say, by Suspension Excommunication or Interdiction, and also by Sequestration of the Fruits and Profites of their Benefices and Promotions Spirituall, in whose hands soever they bee, and to make sale of the same Fruites, without danger of the Lawes of this Realme ; or by Distresse upon the Possessions of fee Farmore or Occupyers of the Lands and Tenements, chargeable by the said Instrument, for or to the payment of any summe or summes of Money to bee due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discretion of the Collector thereof; And that no Replevie Prohibition or Supersedeas shall be allowed or obeyed for any persons making default of the payment of the said Subsidies, or any of them, contrary to the tenor of the Grant thereof, untill such time as they have truly satisfied and contented all such part and portions as to them in that behalfe appertained : And that every such Farmour and Farmours, their Executors and Assignes, that shall fortune

heereafter to be charged to or with the payment of the said Subsidies or any part thereof, shall by the authoritie aforesaid be allowed and reteine in his Hands as much of his yerelie Rent and Farme as the summe which hee shall fortune to pay for his Lord or Leasour shall extend unto; Except that the said Farmour or Farmours their Executours or Assignes, by the Lease and Graunt that they have of any part of the Lands Tithes Profites Tenements chargeable to the saide Subsidies, or by force of any Covenant or Article therein conteined, bee bound and charged to pay the same, and thereof to discharge the Leasour and Landlord during the Tearme mentioned in the said Lease.

And likewise bee it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That whereas divers Curates liable to these Subsidies being oftentimes removeable doe serve aswell in divers Impropriations belonging to the Queenes Majesty, as in other Spirituall Promotions belonging to other persons; That for the speedy Recovery of the said Subsidies, it may be lawfull to the said Collectour or Collectours of the said Subsidies, their Deputy or Deputies, to levie the said Subsidies upon the Farmour or Farmours or Occupiers of all such Impropriations or Spirituall Promotions, by all Censures of the Church aforesayde and every of them, or by way of Distresse of Tythes of the sayde Impropriation or Impropriations and Spirituall Promotions, or otherwise upon the Goods and Chattels of the said Farmour or Farmours and Occupiers, in which case no Inhibition Prohibition Replevie or other Processe awarded to the contrarie, shall be obeyed; Any Lawes Statutes Priviledges or Customes to the contrary hereof, heretofore made granted or used, or hereafter to be made graunted or used, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And that it may bee lawfull to the Collectours, and other Officers and Ministers of such Archbishop Bishop Deane and Chapter, for not payment of the sayde Subsidies after the same shall bee due in any of the sayd three yeeres, to prise and value the sayde Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent Neighbours by him to be chosen, and the Distresse and Distresses so prised to sell, and thereof to deteine so much Money as shall amount to the summe payable to the Queenes Majesty, with the reasonable Charges also of the said Collectour susteined in that behalfe; and the rest of the Money made of the saide Distresse, to bee delivered and payed to the Owner and Occupier thereof.


yf.ZJ.15.97-8.

39° Eliz. c. 26, 27.

937

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Lay Person having Spirituall Promotion chargeable by this Act, and also having Temporall Possessions Goods Chattels and Debts charged to the saide Subsidies graunted in this Parliament by the Temporality, shall be taxed charged and set for his saide Spirituall Promotions with the Cleargie, and his Temporall Possessions and Chattels Reall with the Temporaltie, and not otherwise; Any Thing before mentioned to the contrary notwithstandinge.

IV.

Lay Impropriators shall be charged under this Act for their Spiritual Promotion!.

And bee it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid, That all and every Graunt and Graunts of all and every g ^ vj.^ summe and summes of Money graunted, or which hereafter shall be graunted to tt\e Queenes Majesty by the Cleargie pro»ince of York of the Province of Yorke, shall be of the same strength force and effect in all things as the said Graunt made by the said Province of Caunterbury; and shall be taxed certified collected levied gathered and paied, according to the tenor forme and effect of this present Act of Parliament, to all Intents Constructions and Purposes, in such maner and forme as though it were specially plainely and particularly expressed and rehearsed in this present Acte, by expresse Words Termes and Sentences in their severall Natures and Kindes.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Provisions before rehearsed, conteined or A)] r to be conteined in the said Graunt of the Prelates and Clergy of the Province of Canterbury, and the like of the in the Grant! same Provisoes conteined in the said Graunt of the Prelates and Cleargie of the Province of Yorke, shall be good con*rme<*-and effectuall, and to be observed and, kept in every Point and Article, according to the purport and true meaning of the same.

CHAPTER XXVIL (■)

An Acte for the Graunte of Three Subsidies and Sixe Fiftenes and Tenthes.

MOSTE Excellent and Most "rations SoPeigne, the Sense and naturall Feelinge of the singuler and inestimable Motive!

Benefittf w* Wee yo' M'-' loyall and lovinge Subjects, by the rare and pticule' Providence of God, do enjoy ^incraled under yor most happy & politick Gov'nm', (dayly multiplied unto us beyond all Example of forfi Adges,) ought in Subiidiei yt self not onely to take from us all Dulness or ymprovident Security, but to increase more and more a vigilant Jelosy of the InPupcSn or Disturbance of o' present State and Condic&n, wherein wee feele so effectually the Spirituall Benefitt of Gods true Religion planted and possessed amongest Us, the Restitution of the Ymperiall Crowne of this Realme to the auncient Jurisdice&ns & p>heminencf, and the happy and inward Peace so many yeres continued, & joyned both with Clemency and Justice at whome, aswell in the moderat pressinge or rather in the benigne remyttinge of inhnitt Penalties of yor Lawes, as in tender and compassionat relievinge and restrayninge of all common Greavancf and Oppressions lightinge upon the People of this Lande, w* is become sithence yor Ma*f most happy daies both a Porte and Haven of Refuge for distressed States and Kingdomes, and a Rock and Bulwark of Opposition against the tiranies and ambitious Attemptf of mighty and usurpinge Potentates; This w,h many more unspeakable Benefittf are such as Wee cannot but wu all duty and devotion lift up or Harts to God and your Ma‘" in all Thanks givinge and Acknowledgem', and also prostrate and caste doune o' Lives Substancf and §vicf, and whatsoev5 wee have, to be ymployed at yo' Royall Comaundem1; But when wee enter into a seryous and setled Consideracbn of our pnte Standinge compayred w"1 the extreame fall and ruyn threatened unto us by the ymplacable Mallice and violent Attemptf of o' mighty Enemies plparinge and enterprisinge to make a blody Conquest of this yor Ma"" noble Realme o' Native Contry, and utterly to extinguishe o' Name and Nation, or to reduce the same under a miserable Captivity and Yoke of forreyne Servitude,

Wee do then finde the Lawe of Nature and Necessity no lesse stronge and forcible then the bonde of Thankfulnes and Duty to make us thinke all to litle that wee can yeld and offer for o' Defence and pservac&n : And lastly, when wee do behoulde the rare and wonderful Felicity wherew* it hath pleased Almighty God to blesse from tyme to tyme yo' Mau*' most prudent and provident Counsellf, and the executions of them in the breaking disappointinge and divertinge of so many hostile Attemptf wch have bin still intended and offered against this Realme: And when wee do fall into the pticuler Examinac6n howe infinitly yo' Ma*"1 prop Thresures have bin exhawsted, since wee had anie Opportunity in this sorte to yelde your Mau* anie actuall Demonstration of o' Zeales and Duties, not onely by yo' Ma'f Mayntenance of extraordinary Armyes in Ireland to suppresse that unnaturall Rebellion fedd by the Kinge of Spaine, and by continuance of Assistance to the French Kinge and the Lowe Contries, but also by settinge forth both royally and providently at sondry tymes yor Ma"* Navy and Army to the Seas, even in the tymes when all things were at highest prices, by w* yo' Ma‘"* royall care and chardge all such Miseries as are insepable from all forreyne Invasions have bin deferred and diverted from us yo' loving Subjects, and w® no smale terror and confusion reverberated on theire oune Neckf, whilest wee at home have enjoyed all Peace and Tranquility; and when we make further Ob§vac6n by that light wa" yo' most excellent Ma"* in a most gradous trust and confidence hath vowchsafed to give us, by lettinge us not onely knowe how farr onwarde their most dangerous Attemptf against this Kingdome had proceeded. But also hath ymparted unto us what to the uttermost of all his Power and Meanes is dayly labored and contrived wu' all the Princf or States whom he can infest against this Kingdom upon false Suggestions, thereby the easier to contrive o' only Ruin and Destrucc&n: Wee do confesse (most gratious Sov’eigne) that all theis naturall and necessary Considerafbns beinge

1 From the Original Act. See Note at beginning of this Year.


938

A.D. 1597-8,

39° Eliz. c.27.

but not intended to be drawn into Precedent j

Grant of 8ix whole Fifteenth* and Tenth* on I’eraonalty, parable in Three Year., deducting £6,000 out of each for Poor Town*, kc.

II.

Collector* shall be appointed by the Member* of Parliament for the several Shires, kc.

Qualification of Collectors.

Such Collector* shall be allotted to •everal Divisions, and chargeable for the *ame severally;

duly wayed, have deepely imprinted in o' Hartes both o’ oune yminent perill, yo' Ma'f infinit Care and Love towardes us, (for whome nothinge of yor oune hath bin to deere,) and made us knowe and feele that no comon nor ordinary Remedies can be proportionable to theis extraordinary growinge and swellinge Mischeifes, but that it is high tyme for us to resolve that wth all expedition possible this Realme must be thoroughly provided of all Things fitt for mayntenaunce of Warr both by Sea and Lande, aswell by increasinge and repayringe of yo' Ma'f Royall Navy, w* is truly tearmed the Walls of this Kingdome, and wherein daily by newe pparac&ns the Enemy doth labo' and strive if he coulde to exceede yor Ma"', as also to provide further that yo' Ma"" Cofers may be in some measure better supplied against all sodeyne Accidentf, whereof though tyme must discov1 the pdculer Mischeifes, yet due Circumspecdbn and Foresight must onely secure us from the Perillf ; To the effectinge whereof seinge so small lykelihood doth appeare of anie helpe from forreyne States or Princf, but that the burthen of the Warres (besidf the assistinge of others,) is like to be throwne still on yo' Ma'": Wee do beseech yo' Ma*, (as a Pledge of o' intemall Zeales and Dudes to be further manifested hereafter by the hazard of o' lives and fortunes at all tymes for yo' Ma'f §vice,) to vouchsafe at this pnte the gracious Acceptadon of theis Subsidies and Fifteenes, proceedinge from most cheerefull and willinge Harts : And bycause theis o' doings shall remayne in ppetuall Record to the viewe of all Posterities hereafter, Wee do most humbly beseech yo' most excellent Ma1* that wlh yo' gratious Favor Wee may testify and expresse that o' Intencon is, that this w1* wee have nowe done, upon so extraordinary and urgent necessity to so good and gratious a Princesse, be not drawne a psident for the tymes to come, unlesse yt be upon like urgent occasion; and therefore Wee do w" all Duty and humble Affecc&ns that Hart can conceyve, or Tonge can utter, psent to yo' sacred Majesty Three entire Subsidies, and Six Fifteenes and Tenthes towards your Highnes great Charges for our Defence: And Wee do most humbly beseech yo' Ma°* that yt maye be enacted by the authority of this psent Parliament in man9 and forme followinge, that is to say: That yo' Ma'le shall have Six whole Fiftenes and Tenthes, to be paide taken and levied of the moveable Goodes Chattellf and other Things usuall to such Fiftenes and Tenthes to be contributory and chargeable, w^in the Shires Cities Boroughes Townes and other Places of this yo' Ma" Realme, in manner and forme aforetyme used; (Except the some of thirty six thousande poundes thereof fully to be deducted, that is to say, Six thousand poundes of ev^y of the said whole Fifteenes and Tenthes, in Releife Comforte and Discharge of the poore Townes Cities and Boroughes of this yo' saide Realme, wasted desolat or destroyed or ov* greatly ympov^shed after such Rate as was and hath afore this tyme bin had and made to e$y Shier, and to be divided in such mann! and forme as heretofore for one whole Fiftene and Tenth hath bin had and derided :) And the said Six Fiftenes and Tenthes (the Exception and Deducc&n aforesaid thereupon hadd deducted and allowed) to be paide in mann! and forme followinge. That is to say; The first and second. of the said six whole Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be paide to yo' Highnes in one entire paym" in the Receyt of yo' Exchequer, on or before the foure and twentith daie of June next cominge, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1598 ; And the third and fourth of the said Sixe whole Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be paide to yo' Highnes in one entire paym' in the said Receite of yo' Exchequer, on or before the xxiiij'11 daie of June, w"* shalbe in the yere of our Lord God One thousand five hundred nynetie nyne ; And the fifte and sixte of the saide whole Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be paied to yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the said Receipte of yo' Excheque' on or before the xxiiij01 daie of June, w1* shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God one thowsand and sixe hundreth.

And Be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That the Knightf elected and retorned of and for the Sheres w*^ this Realme for this psent Pliament, Citizens of Cities, Burgesses of Boroughes and Townes, where Collecto" have ben used to be named and appointed for the Collecc&n of any Fifteene and Tenthe before this tyme graunted, shall name and appoint before the tenthe daie of Aprill next comynge, suffyeient and able psons to be Collecto" for the Collecc&n of the said first and second of the said Fiftenthes and Tenthes; and also shall likewise name and appoint before the tenth daie of Aprill, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God one thowsand fyve hundreth nynety & nyne, other sufficient and able psons to be Collecto" for the Collecc&n of the saide third and fourth of the said Fyfteenes and Tenthes; and also shall likewise name and appointe before the tenth daie of Aprill, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsand and sixe hundreth, other sufficient and able psons to be Collecto" for the Collecc&n of the said fyfte and sixte Fifteenes and Tenthes in ev*ye of the said Shires Cities Boroughes and Townes; the saide psons so to be named and appoynted to be Collecto" for the Collecc&n of the said firste and second Fyftenthes and Tenthes, and also of the saide thirde and fourth Fyfteenes and Tenthes, and also of the said fifte and sixte Fyfteenes and Tenthes, then havinge Lands Teritf and other Hereditamentf in their oune Righte, of an Estate of Inheritance of the yeerelie value of fourtie Pounds, or in Goods worth CCCC ii. at the leaste eache of them, after suche Rate and Value as he or they shalbe assessed and rated at in the Subsidie Booke, yf anye suche be in the said lymyttf, and for want of suche so assessed, that those shalbe appointed Collecto" that then shalbe rated and taxed in the Subsidie Boke in Lands or Goods neerest to the sePall values aforesaid; And also suche pson and psons so by them to be named and appointed for the Collecc&n of the said sixe Fyfteenes and Tenthes, shalbe by them sev'ally appointed and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakf Citties Boroughes and Townes; And also the said psons so named and appointed for the Collecc&n of the said sev*all Fyfteenes and Tenthes, shall be sev’ally charged and chargeable, upon his or their Accounte or Accomptf in the Exchequer to be made, w01 all suche some or somes of Money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appoynted shall amounte unto, and of no more some or s5mes; And upon the payment of suche somes of Money as he or they shalbe so charged w'h, shalbe discharged and have his and their Quietus est; The not accomtinge or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or the insufficiency of them or any of them notwithstanding; And the Names and S'names of e9ie of the said Collecto" for the saide first and second of the said Fyfteenes and Tenthes, togeather w"1 the places allotted to theire Collecc&n and Charge, the said Knightf Citizens and Burgesses, for the


A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c.27.

939

Shires Cities and Boroughes whereunto they be allotted named and retomed, shall certifie before the Quenes Ma'1* in the Chauncery before the tenthe daie of Maye next cSmynge; and likewise the Names and Surnames of ev'y the saide Collectors so to be named and appointed for the Collecc&n of the saide third and fourth of the said Fifteenes and Tenthes, together wlh the Places allotted to theire Collection and Charge, the said Knightf Citizens and Burgesses shall likewise certefy into the said Court of Chauncery before the tenth daie of May, w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lorde God 1599; and likewise the Names and Surnames of ev*y of the saide Collectors so to be made and appointed for the Collecf&n of the said fist and sixt Fifteenes and Tenthes, togeather wtk the Placf allotted to their Collecf&n and Charge, the said Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certefy into the saide Court of Chauncery before the tenth daie of May, w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1600, accortfinge to the tenor of this Act: And if default of anie such certifienge be had or made in forme as is aforesaid, then the Lord Chauncellor of England, or Keeper of the Great Seale for the tyme beinge, shall ymediatly after, name and appoint Collectors fer the Collecc&n of ev*y of the said Fifteenes and Tenthes, in such like manS and forme as the said Knightf of the Shires Citizens of Cities, and Burgesses of Borroughes should have don, and as aforetyme hath bin used; The wrt saide Collectors, and ev'y of them so to be named and appointed as is aforesaid, shall have Allowance upon theire Accomptf for their Fees Wages and Rewardes for the Collecc&n of the said Fiftenes and Tenthes, in as large man! and forme as aine Collecto' or Collectors of anie Fifteene and Tenth have had at aine season in tyme paste; And that the Barons of the Queenes Excheque' for the tyme beinge, shall and maye from tyme to tyme award such processe for speedy Paym* of the saide severall Fifteenes and Tenthes against the Collector or Collectors of the same, as by theire Discretions shalbe thought convenient.

Provided alwaies and be yt enacted by the authority of this p>sent Parliament, That the saide Lorde Chauncello' or Keep of the Great Seale for the tyme being, Knightf of the Shieres, Citizens of Cities, Burgesses of Boroughes Tounes and other Placf, havinge authority by this present Act to nominat the saide Collectors of or for the Collecc&n of the said sePall Fifteenes and Tenthes, shall upon their Nominac&n and Elecc&n had and made, take by authority of this psent Parliam*, sufficient Recognizances or Obligac&ns of ev'y pson so by them to be named, to be bounde to the Quenes MaUe in the double some of the some of theire Collecc&n, and to be endorced upon such Condic&n, that if the same Collector and Collectors of the said first and second of the said Fiftenes and Tenthes, and likewise the Collector or Collectors of the said third and fourth of the said Fiftenes and Tenthes, and likewise the Collector or Collectors of the saide fist and sixt Fiftenes and Tenthes, do truly content and paie to the use of the Queenes Ma* in her Receyt of her Excheque1 for the said first and second of the said Fifteenes and Tenthes, at or before the said fbure and twentieth daie of June next cominge, and for the said third and fourth of the saide Fyftenes and Tenthes, at or before the said foure and twentith daie of June, w04 shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1599, and for the said fist and sixt Fiftenes and Tenthes at or before the saide foure and twentith daie of June wcl" shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1600, so much of the said s5me of Money allotted and appointed to his Collecc&n as the same Collecto' shall have collected and gathered, and do likewise, after the said foure and twentith daie of June next cominge, and the saide foure and twentith daie of June, w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1599, and the saide foure and twentith daie of June w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1600, content and paie to the Queenes Ma*"* use at the same Receyt of y* Excheque', the Residue of this Collection and Charge, w^in one Moneth next after such tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizance or Obligac&n to be void, or ells to stand in his full strength and power; which Recognizancf or Obligac&ns so taken, the same Knightf of the Shier Citizens and Burgesses, and e9y of them takinge suche Recognizance or Obligac&n, shall certefy and deliv* to the Lord Tfcrer and Barons of the same Excheque', before the said foure and twentith daie of June next cominge, and foure and twentith daie of June wch shalbe in the yere of our Lorde God 1599, and foure and twentith daie of June wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1600; upon payne of Forfeyture of Tenne Pounds to the Quenes Highnes for ev'y Recognizance or Obligac&n so to be taken and not certified; And that ev*y such Collecto' upon Request to hym made, shall make and knowledge the same Recognizance or Obligac&n accordingly, upon paine of forfeiture of Twenty poundes to the Queene for his refusall thereof; And that the Tftrer and Barons of the Excheque' for the tyme beinge, upon Paym* of the saide Collecc&n at the Daies, shall cancell & deliP the said Recognizance or Obligac&n to the said Collecto' or Collecto'* without aine other Warrant, and wlhout anie Fee or Reward to be paide to aine pson for the same.

And Furthermore for the great and weight Considerac&ns aforesaid, Wee the Lordes Spiritual) and Temporall, and the Comons of this p*sent Parliam* assembled, doe by o' like Assent, and authoritie of this Pliament, give and graunt to your Highnes o' said Sov’eigne Lady the Queenes Ma*" yo' Heires and Successors, Three entire Subsedies, to be rated taxed levied and paiede at three seiPall Paym'f, of eVy pson Spiritual! and Temporall of what Estat or Degree he or they be of, accordinge to the teno' of this Acte, in mannl & forme followinge, That is to say ; Aswell that ePy pson borne w"*in this Realme of England Wales or other the Queenes Domynions, as all and ev*y Fraternity Guilde Corporac&n Mistery Brotherhood & Comynalty, corporated or not corporated, w'Sn this Realme of England Wales or other the Queenes Domynions, beinge worth Three pounds, for ev’y pounde aswell in Coyne and the value of ev’y pounde that epy such Pson Fraternity Guilde Corporacon Mistery Brotherhood and Comynalty, corporat or not corporat, hath of his or theire owne or aine other to his or theire use, as also Plate Stock of nichandize, all mannl of Come and Graine Houshould stuf and of all other Goods moveable, aswell w"*in this Realme as w^out, and of all such s5mes of money as to him or them is or shalbe owinge, whereof hee or they trust in his or theire conscience suerly to be paide, (Except and out of the p>misses deducted such s5mes of money as he or they owe, and in his or theire consciencf intendeth truly to pay. And except allso the Apparell of e$y such pson theire Wives and Children

ind their Nsroes certified into Chancery j

or in Default, such Collector) shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor j

Their Allowance

Process against them.

III.

Such Collectors shall enter into Recognizances for due Payment of the Subsidies.

IV.

Grant of Three entire Subsidies on Personalty ; via. Of Subjects, above £$• as. 8d. per Pound ; at one Payment for each Subsidy.


940

39° Eliz. c.27.

A.D. 1597-8.

On Alieni,

51. 4<J. per Pound at one Payment for each Subtidy.

Poll Tax on Aliens not liable to the Subsidies, 8d. each Subsidy.

V.

Three Subsidies on Lands of aos. per Aon. and upwards, via. Of Natives,

4s. in the Pound ; at one Payment for each Subsidy

Upon Aliens, Double the said Amounts respectively.

Exceptions;

Mode of rating Personalty, 4cc.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, ice.

VI.

Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.

belongeinge to theire owne Bodies, Savinge Jewellf Goulde Silv1 Stone and Pearle), shall pay to and for the said first Subsedy in one entire payin', Twoo shillingf and eight pence of ev’y pounde; and to and for the said second Subsidy in one entire payin' Two shillingf and eight pence of ev’y pounde ; and to and for the said third Subsedye in one entire payment, Two shillingf and eight pence of e9y pounde: And also ev’y Alien and Stranger borne out of the Queenes obeysance, aswell Denizen as others, inhabitinge w,hin this Realme, of ev’y pounde that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of ev’y pounde in Plate Come Grayne nichaundize Houshold stuf or other Goods Jewellf Chattellf moveable or unmoveable as is aforesaid, aswell w"*in this Realme as w'hout, and of all somes of Money to him or them owinge, wherof he or they truste in his or their consciences to be paid, (Except and out of the same pmisses deducted ev’y suche s5me or somes of Money wrh he or they doe owe and in his or theire conscience or consciencf intend truely to paie), shall paie to and for the saide first Subsidy in one entire payment, fyve shillingf and foure pence of ev’y pounde, and to and for the said second Subsidy in one entire payment, fyve shillingf and foure pence of ev’y pounde; and to and for the saide thirde Subsidy in one entire payment fyve shillingf and foure pence of ev’y pounde: And also that ev’y Alien and Strang borne out of the Queenes Domynions, being Denizen or not Denizen, not beinge contributory to aine the Rates aforesaid, and beinge of the Adge of seaven yeres or above, shall paie to and for the saide first Subsedy, eight pence for ev’y Polle, and to and for the said second Subsedy, eight pence for ev’y Polle; and to and for the said third Subsedy, eight pence for ev’y Polle; And the Maister or he or shee w* whom the said Alien is or shalbe abidinge at the tyme of the Taxac&n or Taxacons thereof, to be charged w"" the same for lack of payin' thereof.

And be yt further enacted by the authority aforesaide, That ev’y pson borne under the Queenes Obeisance, and ePy Corporation Fraternity Guilde Mistery Brotherhood and Comynalty, Corporal or not Corporate, for ev’y pounde that ev’y of the same psons, and ev’y Corporation Fraternity Guilde Mistery Brotherhood and Comynalty Corporat or not Corporat, or anie other to his or theire use, hath in Fee simple Fee taile, for tearme of Lief, tearme of Yeres, by Execud&n Wardeshipp or by Copy of Court Roll, of and in anie Honors Castellf Manno" Lands Tenem'f Rents Svices Hereditam'f Annuities Fees Corrodies or other yerely Profittf of the yerely value of twenty shillingf, aswell w^in auncient Demesne and other Places phriledged as elswhere, and so upward, shall paye to and for the said first Subsedy in one entire payin', foure shillingf of and for ev’y pounde, and to and for the said second Subsedy, foure shillingf of and for eVy pounde; and to and for the saide third Subsedy, foure shillingf of and for e$e pounde: And every Alien Denizen or not Denizen, borne out of the Queenes Ma"" Obeisance, in such case to pay to and for the said first Subsedy in one entire payin', eight shillingf of ev’y pounde ; and to and for the said second Subsedy in one entire payin', eight shillingf of ev’y pounde; and to and for the said third Subsedy, eight shillingf of ev’y pounde: And that all somes to be p*sented and chargeable by this Acte, either for Goods and Debts or either of them, or for Lands and Tenem'f and other the p>misses as is in this Acte conteyned, shalbe at ev’y of the said payrnf sett and taxed after the Rate and Portion accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte; (Landes and Tenem'f chargeable to the Dismes of the Clergy, and yerely Wages due to §vantf for their yerely £vice, other then the Queenes §vantf takinge yerelie Wages of five poundes or above, only excepted and foreprized ;) And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goodes Dettf and Chattellf Psonallf, and all Landes Tenem'f and other the p>misses as aforesaid, beinge in the Rule and Custody of anie pson or psons to the use of anie Corporation Fraternity Guilde Mystery Brotherhood or anie Comynalty, beinge Corporat or not Corporate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Acte, at the value certefied by the planters of that Certificatt of ePy pounde in Goods and Dettf as is abovesaid, and for ev’y pounde in Landes Tenem'f Aiiuities Fees Corrodies and other yerely Profittf as is aforesaid; and the somes that are above rehearsed sett and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have such Goods in Custody, or otherwise charged for Landes as is before rehearsed; And the same pson or psons and Body Corporate, by Authority of this Acte, shalbe discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the paym* or deliv’y thereof, or at his otherwise depture from the Custody or Possession of the same: Except and alwaies foreprized from the Charge and Assessement of theis Subsedies, all Goodes Chattellf Jewellf and Omam'f of Churches or Chappellf, w* have bin ordeyned and used in Churches or Chappellf for the honno' and Svice of Almighty God.

And the paym' of the said first Subsedy shalbe, by authority aforesaid, taxed sessed and rated accordinge to this Acte, in ev’y Shire Ridinge Lathe Wapentake Rape City Borough Toune and ev’y other Place w"4n this Realme of Englande and Wales and other the Queenes Domynions, before the first day of October next cominge; And the paym' of the said second Subsedy shalbe, by the Authority aforesaid, taxed assessed and rated before the first daie of October w*" shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1599; and the paym* of the said third Subsidy shalbe by the authority aforesaid taxed assessed and rated accordinge to this Acte in e9y Shire Ridinge Lath Wapentake Rape City Borough Toune and ePy other place w^in this Realme of England and Wales and other the Queenes Domynions, before the first daie of October, wck shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1600 ; And the pticuler somes of ev’y Shire Ridinge Borough Toune or other Places aforesaid, wu‘ the pticuler Names of such as are or shalbe chargeable for and to the paym* of the said first Subsedy, to be taxed and sett by the ComissioSs to the same to be lymited or two of them at the least, w" the Names of the High Collectors, and in the same forme shalbe certefied into the Queenes Exchequer before the first daie of November next cominge: And the pticuler somes of ePy Shire Ridinge Borough Toune and other Places aforesaide, w* the pticular Names of such as are chargeable for and to the paym" of the saide second Subsedy, to be taxed and sett by ComissioSs to the same to be lymited or two of them at the leaste, w* the Names of the High Collectors, And in the same forme shalbe certified into the Queenes Excheque' before the first daie of November, wch shalbe in the yere of o’ Lord God 1599 : And the pticuler somes of


A.UA597-8-

39° Eli z. c. 27.

941

ePy Shire Ridinge Borough Toune and other Places aforesaid, w,h the pticuler names of such as are chargeable for and to the payin' of the said third Subsedy, to be taxed and sett by the ComissioSs to the same to be lymited, or two of them at the least, w"' the names of the High Collectors, and in the same forme shalbe certefied into the Queenes Exchequer before the first daie of November, wd" shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1600. And the said somes, in forme aforesaid to be taxed to and for the payment of the said first Subsedy, shalbe paide in one entire some into the Queenes Receyt of her Excheque' aforesaid, to the use of o' saide Sov'aigne Lady, at or before the twelveth daie of February wdl shalbe in the yere of or Lord God 1598; And the said somes in man8 and forme aforesaide to be taxed for the payment of the said second Subsedy, shalbe paide in one entire sdme into the Receyt aforesaide, to the use aforesaid at or before the twelveth daie of February wch shalbe in the yere of or Lord God 1599 ; And the said sdmes in mat2 and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the payin' of the said third Subsedy, shalbe paide into the Receyt aforesaid to the use aforesaid, at or before the twelveth daie of February, w* shalbe in the yere of our Lord God 1600. And the sdmes abovesaid of and for the said Subsedies shalbe taxed sett asked & demaunded taken gathered levied and paide to the use of o' said Sov*eigne Lady her Heires and Successors in forme abovesaid, aswell w^n the Liberdcs Franchizes Sanctuaries auncient Demesne and other whatsoev Places, exempt or not exempt, as w^out; Except such Shires Places and Psons as shalbe foreprised in & by this p*sent Act; Anie Graunt Charter Inscription Use or Liberty by reason of anie tres Patentf, or other pviledge inscription Allowance of the same, or whatsoev other Matter of Discharge, heretofore to the contrary made graunted used or obteyned notwithstandinge.

And yt is further enacted by the authority of this psent Parliam", That epy such pson, aswell such as be borne under the Queens obeysance, as evy other pson Stranger borne, Denizen or not Denizen, inhabidnge w,hin this Realme or w^in Wales or other the Queenes Domynions, wch at the tyme of the saide Assessingf or Taxac&ns or of ev*y of them to be had or made, shalbe out of this Realme or out of Wales, and have Goodes Chattellf Landes or Tenemf Fees or Aiiuities or other Proffittf w"*in this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Cerrificat of the Inhabitantf of the place where such Goodes Cattellf Landes Tefitf or other the pWsses then shalbe, or in such other place where such pson or p6ons or his or theire Factor Deputy or Attorney shall have theire most resorte unto wlhin this Realme or in Wales, in like manS as if the said pson where or had bin at the tyme of the said Assessinge w,hin this Realme; And that ev*y pson abidinge or dwellinge within this Realme or withowt this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsedies graunted by this Acte, accordinge and after the Rate of such yerely substance or value of Landes or Tenemf Goods Chattellf and other the ptaiisses, as ePy pson so to be charged shalbe sett at, at the tyme of the said Assessinge or Taxation upon him to be made, and none otherwise.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the sessinge and orderinge of the saide Three Subsedies to be duly had, the Lord Chauncello' of England or the Lord Keep of the Great Seale, the Lord Tfirer of England, the Lord Stewarde of the Queenes Ma'f Houshoulde, the Lord Admiral! of England, the Lord Chamberleyne of the Queenes most hono'able Housholde for the tyme beinge, or two of them at the least, whereof the Lord Chauncello' of England or Keep of the Great Seale for the tyme being to be one, shall and may name and appoint of and for e9y Shire Ridinge and other Placf, aswell w^in this Realme as in Wales, and other the Queenes Domynions, as also of & for ev'y City and Toune beinge a County of yt self, and of and for the Isle of Wight, such certen nomber of psons of ev’y of the same Shires Ridinges Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Tounes and Isle of Wight, and e9y other place, as they shall think convenient, to be Comissiores of and w^in the same place, whereof they be Inhabitantf; And also of and for the hono'able Houshould of the Queenes Ma"% in what Shire or other Place the said Houshould shall happen then to be; And the Lord Chauncelo' or the Lord Keep of the Great Seale, and other w,h him before named, or two of them as is aforesaid, in like manS may name and appoint of ePy other such Borough and Tounes Corporat, aswell in England as in Wales, and other the Queenes Domynions, as they shall thinke requisit, six five foure three or twoe of the head Officers, and other honest Inhabitantf of ev*y the said Cities Boroughes and Tounes Corporat, accordinge to the nomber & multitude of the people beinge in the same; The w* psons, (if anie such be,) thereunto named of the said Inhabitantf of the saide Boroughes and Tounes Corporat, not beinge Counties of themselves, shalbe joyned and put in as ComissioSs w* the psons named for such Shires and Ridingf as the saide Boroughes and Townes Corporat not beinge Counties in themselves, be sett and have theire beinge; W* psons so named for and of the saide Boroughes and Tounes Corporat, not being Counties, by reason of theire dwelling in the same, shall not take upon them nor none of them, to put anie pt of theire Comission in execution for the pmisses out of the said Borroughes and Tounes Corporat, wherein they be so named onely; nor to execute the said Comission w,hin the Borough or Toune Corporat where they be so dwellinge. but at such daies and tymes as the said other ComissioSs for the same Shire and Ridinge shall thereunto lymitt and appoint, w""in the same Borough and Toune Corporat not beinge a County whereof they be so named, and not out of such Borough or Toune *, And in that man® to be aidinge and assistinge w,h the said other Comissionis in and for the good executinge of theffect of the said Comission, upon paine of ePy of the said ComissioSs, so named for e\?y such City Borough and Toune Corporat not beinge a County, to make such Fine as the said other ComissioSs in the Comission of and for the same Shire or Ridinge so named, or three of them at the least, shall by their discretion sett and certify into the Queenes Excheque', there to be levied to the use of the Queenes Ma"', in like man8 as if such or like somes had bin sett and rated upon ePy suche pson for the said Subsedies; The wdl ComissioSs so named, of and for the said Cities Boroughes and Tounes not beinge Counties, and onely putt into the said Cdmission by reason of theire dwellinge in the same, shall not have anie pt of the porcion of the Fees and Rewardes of the ComissioSs and theire Clarkf in this Acte afierwardf specified and allowed. And the Lord Chauncello' of England

to be paid at well within Libertie 1 as without:

[S« f XXX-1

v,l.

Rating of Absentees and others, according to Assessments, See.

VIII.

Appointment of Commissioners, for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, he.

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations;

VOL. IV. II G

GOt gk

942

39° Eliz. c.27.

A.D. 1597-8.

Commissions shall be issued out of Chancery.

Commissioners may divide, and act in their separate Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

IX. Commissioners shall act without Favour, &c.;

and shall at certain Periods in each Year summon Inhabitants Constables, &c. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

X.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be charged to inquire and certify the Value of all Property, rateable to the said several Subsidies; on Penalty of ^J. &c.

or Keep of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme beinge, shall make and direct out of the Court of the Chauncery unde' the Great Seale, sepal! Comissions, That is to say, For ePy Shire Ridinge Lathe Wapentake Rape City Toune Borough Isle and Housholde, unto suche pson and psons as by his discretion or anie of thother w" him before named and appointed, as is before rehersed, shalbe thought sufficient, for the seassinge and levyinge of the said three Subsedies in all Shires and Places accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte; W* Comission for the paym* of the said first Subsedy, shalbe directed and delivered to the said ComissioSs or to one of them before the twentith daie of August next comynge, w* shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1598; And the Comission for the payment of the said second Subsedy, shalbe directed and deliPed to the said Comissioners or to one of them before the twentith daie of August which shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1599 ; And the Comission for the paym* of the said third Subsedy shalbe directed and deliPed to the said Comissioners or to one of them before the twenteth daie of August w1* shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1600: And to epy of the said Comissions, Tenne Scedullf, conteyninge in them the Teno' of this Acte, shalbe affiled ; By the w* Comission, the ComissioSs in ePy such Comission named accordinge to this Acte, and as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission, shall have full Power and Authority to put the Effect of the same Comission in Execution: And that by Authority of this Acte, after such Comission to them directed, they maye by theire Assentf and Agreem*f seP themselves for the Execuf&n of theire Comission, in Hundreds Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes Tounes Pishes and other Places w"in the limittf of the said Comission, in suche forme as to them shall seme expedient to be ordered, and betwene them to be comuned and agreed, accordinge to the teno' and effect of the Comission to them therein directed, upon which sePance ePy pson of this psent Parliam* that shalbe ComissioS shalbe assigned unto the Hundred where he dwelleth: Provided alwaies, That no pson be or shalbe compelled to be anie ComissioS to and for thexecution of this pnte Acte, but onely in the Shire where he dwelleth and inhabiteth; And that anie pson assigned to the contrary thereof in anie wise, shall not be compelled to put in Execuc&n the effect of this Acte or anie pt thereof.

And be yt also enacted by the authority of this pnte Parliament, That the ComissioSs and ePy of them w" shalbe named lymited and appointed accordinge to this Acte, to be Comissioners in ePy such Shire Ridinge Lathe Wapentake Rape City Toune Borough Isle and the said Houshoulde, or anie other place, and no other, shall truly effectually and diligently for theire pte execute the effect of this pnte Acte accordinge to the Teno' thereof in ePy behalf, and no otherwise, by anie other meanes, without Omission Favo' Dread Malice or any other thing to be attempted or don by them or anie of them to the contrarie thereof: And the saide ComissioSs or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission, and none other, for the Execution of the said Comission and Acte, shall for the Taxac&n of the said first Subsidy, before the last daie of August next comynge w*" shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1598; And for the Taxa£6n of the said second Subsedy w'*1 shall before the last daie of August, w'*’ shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1599 ; And for the Taxac&n of the said third Subsedy, shall before the last daie of August wck shalbe in yere of our Lord God One thousand and six hundred, by vertue of the Comission deliPed unto them in forme aforesaid, direct their sePall or joynt pcept or pceptf unto eight seaven six five foure three or twoe, as for the nomber of the Inhabitantf shalbe requisit, of the most substanciall discreete and honest psons Inhabitantf, to be named by the said ComissioSs or by as many of them as shall be appointed by the said Comission, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wardes Pishes Tounes and other Places, aswell w*in Liberties Franchises auncient Demesne places exempted and Sanctuaries as w,hout, wlhin the Limittf of the Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Tounes Boroughes and Isle aforesaid, and other Places w,hin the Lymittf of theire Comission, and to the Constables Subconstables Bailifff and other like Officers and Ministers of ePy of the said Hundreds Tounes Wardes Lathes Wapentakes Pishes and other Places aforesaid, as to the said ComissioSs and ePy nomber of them, or unto three or two of them by theire discression in division, shall seeme expedient, as by the manS and use of those pties shalbe requisite; Straytly by the saide pcept chargeinge and comaundinge the said Inhabitantf Constables and other Officers aforesaid, to whome such pcept shalbe so directed, to appeare in theire prop psons before the said ComissioSs or such nomber of them as they shall devide themselves, accordinge to the teno' of the said Comission, at certen Daies and Placf by the said ComissioSs or anie nomber of them as is aforesaid, w^in Cities Boroughes or Tounes Corporat or w^out, in anie other Places as is aforesaid, by theire discretion shalbe lymited thereunto, to do and accomplishe all that to them on the pt of the Quenes Ma,k shalbe enjoyned touchinge this Acte; Comaundinge further by the same Pcept, that he to whose Hands

such pcept shall come, shall shewe and deliv1 the same to thother Inhabitantf or Officers named in the same

pcept ; And that none of them faile to accomplishe the same, upon paine of Fourty Shillingf to be forfeyted to the Queenes Ma"*.

And yt is further ordeyned by the authority of this psent Parfiam*, That at the said daie and place pfixed and lymited in the said Precept, ePy of the said ComissioSs then beinge in the Shire, and havinge no sufficient excuse for his absence, at the daie and place pfixed for that pt whereunto he was lymited, shall appeare in his prop person, and there the same ComissioSs being psent, or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Queenes

Ma"* Comission, shall call or cause to be called before them, the said Inhabitantf and Officers to whome they have

directed theire said pceptf, and w*6 had in Comaundem1 theare to appeare by vertue of the said Pcept; And if anie p6on so warned make default, unles he then be letted by sicknes or lawfull excuse, and that lett then be witnessed by Oths of two credible psons, Or if any appearinge refuse to 9ve in forme followinge, then e$y suche pson so makinge default or refusinge to 9ve, shall forfeit to the Queenes Ma"' Fowrty shillingf; and so at ev*y tyme appointed by the said ComissioSs for the same Taxac&n, untill suche tyme the number of e$y such psons have appeared and certefied in forme under written, ePy of them so makinge default or refusinge to 9ve, shall


A.D. 1597-&-

39° Eliz. c. 27.

943

forfett to the Queenes Ma"* forty shilling^: And upon the same Appearance had, they shalbe charged before the Comissioners by all convenient waies and meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) to enquire of the best and most value of the Substance of ePy pson dwellinge and abidinge w,bin the Iymittf of the Placf that they shalbe charged w14, and of other w'h shall have his or theire most Resort unto anie of the said Placf, and chargeable w'h anie s5me of Money by this Acte of the said Subsedies, and of all other Things requisit touchinge the said Acte, and accordinge to the intent of the same; and thereupon as nere as yt may be, or shall come to theire knowledge, w^out respect of anie foriS Taxacon heretofore had, truly to p'sent and certefy before the said ComissioBs, the names and s'names and the best and uttermost Substance and Values of eBy of them, aswell of Lands TeHtf and other Hereditam’f Possessions and Proffittf as of Goods Cattellf Dettf and other Things chargeable by the same Acte, w,bout anie Concealin' Love Favor Affecc&n Dread or Malice, upon paine of forfeyture of Five Poundes or more, to be taxed extracted and levied in forme as hereafter in this pnte Act shalbe lymited or appointed: And thereupon the said ComissioBs shall openly there reade or cause to be read unto them the said Rates, in this Acte mencbned, and openly declare the effect of theire Charge unto them, in what manB and forme they ought and shoulde make theire Certificat, accordinge to the Rates and Somes thereof abovsaid, and of all manB of PSons, aswell of Aliens and Strangers, Denizens or not Denizens, inhabitinge w"in this Realme, as of such psons as be borne under the Quenes Obeysance chargeable to this Acte, and of the Possessions Goodes and Cattels of Fraternities Guildes Corporations Brotherhoodf Misteries Comynalties and other as is abovsaid, and of psons beinge in the ptf beyond the Seas, havinge Goods and Cattellf Lands or Tents wtbin this Realme as Is aforesaid, and of all Goods beinge in the custody of anie pson or psons, to the use of anie other as is abovesaid; by the w* informac&n and shewinge, the said psons should have such plaine knowledge of the true intent of this pnte Acte and of the man8 of their Certificate, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance: And after such Charge and the Statut of the said Subsedies, and the manS of the said Certificat to be made in writinge, conteyninge the Names and Surnames of every pson, and whether he be borne w^out the Queenes Obeysance or w^n, and the best value of ev*y pson in e9y degree, aswell of the yerely value of Lands and Tents and of such like Possessions and Proffittf as the value of Goods and Cattellf Dettf and ev*y thinge to theire Certificat requisit and necessary to them declared, the said Comissioners there beinge, shall by theire discressions appoint and lymit unto the said psons another day and place to appeare before the said ComissioBs, and chargeinge the said psons that they in the meane tyme shall make dilligent inquiry by all waies and meanes of the fPmisses, and then and there e9y of them, upon paine of forfeyture of Forty shillingf to the Queenes Mau\ to appeare at the said new prefixed daie and place, there to certify unto the said CommissioBs in Writinge accordinge to their said Charge, and accordinge to the true intent

of the said Graunt of Subsedies, and as to them in man3 aforesaid hath ben declared and shewed by the

ComissioBs : At wcb Daie and Place so to them pffixed, if anie of the said psons make default, or appeare and refuse to make the said Certificat, that then ev*y of them so offendinge to forfett to the Queenes Ma"' Forty shillingf. Except there be a reasonable excuse of his default by reason of sicknes or otherwise, by the Oths of two credible psons there wytnessed; and of such as appeare ready to make Certificat as is aforesaid, the said ComissioBs there beinge, shall take and receyve the same Certificat and epy Pte thereof, and the Names Values and Substance of ev*y pson so certefied : And if the said ComissioBs sec cause reasonable, they shall examyn the said Renters thereof, and thereupon the said ComissioBs at the said Daies and Place,

by theire Agreem* amongest themselves, shall from tyme to tyme there openly p>fix a Day at a certen Place

or Places w^n the Limittf of theire Comission by their discression, for theire further proceedinge to the said assessinge of the same Subsedies: And thereupon at the said Day of the said Certificat as is aforesaid taken, the same CommissioBs shall make theire p>cept or jPceptf, to the Constables Subconstables Baylifff or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Tounes or other Placf aforesaid as the same ComissioBs shalbe of, comprisinge and conteyninge in the said p'ceptf the Names and Surnames of all psons fPsented before them in the said Certificate, of whome if the saide CommissioBs or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Queenes Coraission shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substance in Lands Goods Cattellf or somes of Money owinge to them, or other substance beforesaid, then upon such pson or psons so certefied and specified as aforesaid, the same CdmissioBs shall make theire precept or {Pceptf directed to the Constable Bailifff or other Officers,

comaundinge the same Constable Bailifff or other Officers to whome suche pceptf shalbe directed, to warne such

psons whose Names shalbe comprised in the said pceptf, at their Mansions, or to theire psons, that the same psons named in suche pceptf, and eBy of them, shall psonally appeare before the said ComissioBs at the same newe jpfixed day and place, there to be examyned by all waies & meanes, (other then by Corporall Othe,) by the said Comissioners, of theire greatest Substance and best Value, and of all and eBy somes of Money owinge to them, and other whatsoeB mat? concWige the pmisses or anie of them accordinge to this Acte; At w'b Daie and Place so pfixed the said ComissioBs then and there beinge, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Queenes Comission, shall cause to be called the said psons whose Names shalbe comprised in the said pcept as is aforesaid, for theire Examynac&n; And if anye of those psons which shalbe warned as is aforesaid to be examyned, wcU at anie tyme after the waminge and before the Pfixed Day shalbe within such Place

where he may have knowledge of his said Appearance to be made, make default and appeare not, unlesse a

reasonable cause or ells a reasonable excuse by the Oths of two credible psons before the said ComissioBs be truly alleadged for his discharge, that then evy of them so makinge default, to be taxed and charged to the Queenes Maw, wth and at the double s5me of the Rale that he should or ought to have ben sett at, for and after the best value of his Landes or Substance upon him certified if he had appeared, by the discretion of the ComissioBs

Gtx ^lc

Charge of the Comraiuionera to auch Inquirer!;

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificates, by auch Inquirers

Penalty of 40a. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify.

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments 1

Summoning Parties under-rated 1

to be examined, but not on Oath

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double;

944

39° Eliz. c. c27.

A.D. 1597-8

Parties appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath;

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions.

XI.

Commissioners may fine Assessors for Neglect, ice. not exceedinga£io, &c.

Commissioners, on Complaint, on Oath of Parties,Dec. may decrease or increase Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

XU.

Parties shall be rated where dwelling, &c.

Commissioners, within Shires;

Absentees, where last abiding;

according to the highest Rate, Sic.

Relief against Double Charges.

there beinge; Wth ComissioSs shall travell with ePy of the other psons so then and there appearinge, whose Names shalbe expressed in the said p>cept or pceptf, and in whome any vehement suspect was or shalbe had in forme aforesaid, by all such waies and meanes as they can, (other then by Corporall Othe,) for the better knowledge of their best value, either in Hereditam'f or Possessions, or ells in Goodes or Dettf, and thereupon shall have power and authority by vertue of this Acte accordinge to their discretions to enlarge and encrease the Taxac&n of such psons as they shall so finde by due examynac&n to be of greater value or substance in Landes or Goodes then they were p*sented at: And that ev*y Spirituall pson at ePy of the said Taxations of the said three Subsedies, shalbe rated and sett, accordinge to the Rate abovesaid, of and for e$y pounde that the same Spirituall pson or anie other to his use, hath by Discent Bargaine or Purchase, in Fee Simple Fee Taill tearme of Life terme of Yeres, by Execuc&n by Wardshipp or by Copy of Court Roll, in anie Manno" Lands Tents Rents Svicf Officf Fees Corrodies Anilities or Hereditam'f, after the true just and yerely value thereof, and accordinge as other the Queenes Ma'f Subjects borne wthin this Realme be charged, in forme above remembred, so that yt extend to the yerely value of Twenty shillingf or above.

And yt is further enacted, That if the said Taxo" or Assessors shall not duly behave themselves in theire Inquiry Taxation Assessement or Certificat, but shall affectionatly corruptly or partially demean themselves in that behalf, in such wise that the ComissioSs shall by theire Considerations deeme them Offendors worthy of punishm' for not doinge their Duties therein, That then foure or more of the ComissioSs in that Countie for the same Subsedy, shall have power and authority by their discretions, either to charge the saide Assessors upon theire corporall Otlies for the better §vice aforesaid in that behalf, or ells by theire discretions to tax and sett upon ev*y of the said Assessors for their Misdemenors in that behalf, such a Fine or Payne as they shall thinke good, so that yt exceede not the some of Tenne poundes; And the same Fine or Paine at their discretions to estreat into the Court of Excheque' ; Ev’y wch Fine so taxed and sett by Foure of the said ComissioSs or more, and beinge estreated w,h the Schedule and Books of that lymitt, shalbe levied and answered to the Queenes use, in like manS and forme to all intentf and purposes as anie other somes that shalbe taxed and become due by vertue of this Statut and Acte of Subsedy, and not in anie other wise or manS: And if anie pson certefied or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether he be a ComissioS or other, to anie manS of value, doth find himself greived w"‘ the same p’sentment sessing or ratinge, and thereupon complaine to the C5missioSs before whome he shalbe called sessed or taxed, or before two of them, before the same Taxac&n be certefied into the Court of Exchequer, That the said ComissioSs, or two of them, shall by all waies and meanes, examyn pticulerly and distinctly the pson so complayninge, upon his Othe, and other his Neighbors by their discretions, of ePy his lands and Tents above speid, and of ev*y his Goods Cattellf and Dettf above menc&ned; And after due examynac&n and pfect knowledge thereof had and pceyved by the said ComissioSs or two of them, wcl‘ shall have power by Authority aforesaid, the said ComissioSs, or two of them to whome anie such Complaint shalbe made, by their discretion upon the Othe of the said pson so complayninge, may abate defalk increase or inlarge the same Assessm'f accordinge as yt shall appere unto them just upon the same Examination ; And the same some so abated defalked increased or inlarged, shalbe by them estreated in forme as hereafter insueth: And if it be proved by wytnesses or by the pties owne Confession, or other lawfull waies or meanes, w,hin a yere after anie such Othe made, that the same pson so rated and sworne was of any better or greater value in Lands Goods or other Things above speid at the tyme of his said Othe, then the same pson so sworne did declare upon his said Othe, that then ev*y such pson so offendinge shall lose and forfett to the Queenes Ma"' so much laufull Money of England as he the same pson so sworne was sett or taxed to pay.

And also yt is enacted by the same Authority, That ePy pson to be rated and taxed as is aforesaid, shalbe rated and sett, and the some on him sett, to be levied at such place where he and his family were resident for the

most pt of the yere next before the same p'sentm' and Taxac&n made, and no where ells: And that noe

Comission! for the Subsedy shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other Place where he shalbe Comission!; And that if anie pson chargeable to this Acte at the tyme of the same Assessinge happen to be out of this Realme & out of Wales, or farr from the place where he shalbe knowne, then he to be sett where he was last abidinge in this Realme or w^in Wales, and after the Substance Value & other ■Pfittf of e9y pson to be knowne by the Examynac&n Certificat or other manS of wise as is aforesaid; And that the said ComissioSs or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Queenes Ma'f C5mission or Comissions, shall, after the Rate & Rates aforesaid, cause ev’y pson so to be sett rated and taxed accordinge to the Rate of the Substance & Value of his Lands Goods Cattellf & othe' Proffittf chargeable by this Acte, whereby the greatest or most best some or somes accordinge to his most substance by reason of this Acte might or may be sett or taxed : And that ePy pson taxed in anie County or Place, other then where he and his family were resiant for the

most pt of the yere then next before, or in anie County or Place other then where he is a ComissioS foi

the Subsedy, if he be a Comission!, upon Certificat made to the said Court of Exchequer unde' the Hande and Seales of two ComissioSs for the same Subsedy in the same County or Place, where such pson and his.

family were resiant for the most pt of the yere then next before, or where he is a Comission! for the Taxac&n

and Paym" of the same Subsedie, testifyenge such his most Resiancy, havinge of Family, or beinge a ComissioS, shalbe a sufficient Discharge for the Taxac&n of that pson in all other placf, and of and for all other somes of Money upon such psons so sett and taxed, save onely the TaxacSn made in that County or Place from

wcU such Certificat shalbe made as is aforesaid, and for the some of Money upon such psons there assessed

or taxed And that such Certificat, w,hout anie Plea or other Circumstance, shalbe a sufficient Warrant

#by Go, »gle

A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c.27.

94.5

iiswell to the Barons and Audito' and Audito" of the saide Court of Exchequer, as to all and e$y other Officers to whome the Allowance thereof shall appteyne, payenge for such Discharge and Allowance onely Six Pence & no more.

Provided alwaies, That evy such p6on w* shalbe rated or taxed accordinge to the intent and true meaninge of this Acte, for paym' of and to these Subsedies, for and after the yerely value of his Lands Tenem'f and othe' Reall Possessions or other Proffittf at anie of the said Taxac&ns, shall not after be sett and rated for his Goods and Cattellf or other moveable Substance at the same Taxac&n; and that he that shalbe set charged or taxed for the same Subsedies for his Goods Cattellf and other Moveables at of the said TaxacSns accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte, shall not after be charged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Proffittf abovesaid, at the same Taxaf&ns or anie of them; Nor that anie pson by anie TaxaC&n be duble charged for the said Subsedies, nor sett or taxed at sev*all Placf by reason of this Acte; But if anie pson happen to be duble sett taxed or charged either in one place or at sevall placf, then he to be discharged of the one Taxaf&n and charged w* the other, accordinge to the meaninge and intent of this Acte; Any Thinge conteynod in this psent Acte to the contrary notwithstandinge.

And that yt be ordeyned and enacted by the said Authority of this pnte Parliament, That no pson having two Mansions or twoe Placf to resort unto, or callinge himself Houshould S'vant or waytinge S'vaunte to the Queenes Ma"* or othe1 Lord or Lady Mr or Mistres, be excused upon his sayenge from the Taxes of the said Subsedcs in neither of the Placf where he maye be set or taxed, unles he bringe a Certificat in writinge from the Comissiofts where .that he is so sett or taxed indeede at one Place; And if anie pson that ought to be sett and taxed to this psent Subsedies by reason of his removinge or resortinge to two placf, or by reason of his sayenge that he els where was taxed, or by reason of any pviledge, of his dwellinge or abidinge in anie place not beinge foreprised in this Acte, or otherwise by his Covin or Craft, or by anie Wordes or Sayengf or otherwise, Or if anie that is a Comission! or Assessor of others, happen to escape from the said Taxac&ns for the paym* of theis Subsidies or anie of them, and be not sett and taxed accordinge to the true intent of this Acte, and that proved by psentment Examynac&n Informacbn or otherwise before the said ComissioBs or two of them, or before the Barons of the Queenes Ma* Excheque' or two Justicf of the Peace of the County where such pson dwelleth ; Then e9y such pson that, by suche meanes or otherwise, willingly by Covin or w^out just cause, shall happen to escape from the said Taxafbns or Paym'f aforesaid or anie of them, and shall not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged upon the knowledge and proof thereof, w* and at the double value of so much as he should might or ought to have bin sett and taxed at by vertue of this Acte; And the same dooble value to be levied gathered and paid of his Goods and Chattellf Lands and Tents towards the said Subsedies, and further to be punished accordinge to the discretions of the Barons Justicf and ComissioBs before whome he shalbe convicted for his Offence and Deceyt in that behalf.

And be yt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Comissioners in ev*y Comission which shall be or inhabit in anie County or Place w*in the Lymittf of their Comission, or the more pt of them, shall have full Power & Authority by this Acte to set tax & sesse ev'y other CdmissioB joyned w'b them in efy such C5mission, and the said ComissioBs wlhin eBy Division shall also assesse ev'y Assessor w*in theire Division for his or theire Goods Lands and othe' the pmisses as is abovesaid; By the w* said Comission the said ComissioBs to whome yt shall appteyne, shall indifferently sett tax and sesse themselves and the said Assessors; and that aswell the somes upon eVy of the said ComissioBs and Assessors so sessed rated and taxed, as the somes made and psented by the psentors as is abovesaid, shall be written certefied sett and estreated, and the Streatf thereof to be made, w"’ othe' the inhabitantf of that ptf w"in the Lymittf of the same Comission and Division so to be gathered & levied, in like manB as yt ought or should have bin if the said ComissioBs had not bin in the said Comission.

And that all psons of the Estate of a Baron or Barons, and e$y Estate above, shalbe charged w"1 there Freehould and Value as is aforesaid, by the Chauncello' or Lord Keep of the Great Seale of England, the High Tresorer of England for the tyme beinge, or one of them, togeather w'h other such p6ons as by the Queenes MaT Authority or Comaundem* shalbe named and appointed, & they to be charged for the said sev’all paym'f of the said Subsedies after the forme of the said Graunt, accordinge to the Taxaf&n aforesaid; And the some of 8t upon them to be sett and taxed, w1" the Names of the Collectors appointed for the gatheringe & the payenge of the same, to be estreated deliPed & certefied at Daies & Placf above speld by the Lord Chauncello' or Keep of the Great Seale & Lord Thresorer or one of them, togeather wlb othe’ such psons as thereunto shalbe named as is aforesaid.

And be yt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Taxes and Assesses of the said somes upon & by the said Assessinge & Certificat as is aforesaid made, the said ComissioBs or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed, and have Authority by the Queenes Ma*f Comission, shall w,h all speede and wuout delay, by theire Writinge, estreat the saide Taxes thereof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the said CSmissioBs or as many of them as shalbe appointed at the least; And the same shall deliP unto sufficient and substantiall inhabitantf Constables Subconstables Bailifff and other Officers joyntly, of Hundreds Tounes Pishes and other Placf aforesaide wttin theire Lymitf, and to other sufficient psons Inhabitauntf in the same, onely by the discretion of the said ComissioBs w1" the Assent of the High Collecto', and as the place and ply

XIII. Periont rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, Itc.

None shall be doubly charged.

XIV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced;

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, See. Double Rate.

XV. Commissioners shall assess themselves and the Assessors.

XVI.

Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, See.

XVII.

After Assessment, Estreats shall he delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed by Distress, &c. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.


it H


946

39° Eliz. c. 27.

A.D. 1597-8.

XVIII.

Commissioners •hill appoint High Collector! for receiving the Sum* to levied.

XIX.

High Collector* shall enter into Recognizances to pay Sums received by them, to be certified into the

Exchequer by the Commissioner*;

shall requier, aswell the pdcule' Names & Surnames as the Remembrance of all the somes of Money taxed and sett of & upon e9y pson aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Houshoulde" and all othe' Inhabitant? and Dwellers w^in the said Pishes Tounes and Places contributory to this Acte of Subsidies; By the Aucthoride of w* Wry tinge & Estreate so deliv*ed, the said Officers 8c other psons so named 8c deputed, sev’ally shall have full Powe' 8c Aucthoride by vertue of this Acte, ymediatly after the deliver of the saide Wrytinge or Estreate, to demaunde levy 8c gathe' of ePy pson therein speld the some 8c somes in the same Wrytinge or Estreate comprised* And for non payin' thereof to distreyne the same pson or psons so beinge behinde, by their Good? and Cattellf, and the Distresse so taken to kepe by the space of eight daies, at the Cost? and Chargf of the OwS thereof; And yf the said OwS doe not pay suche some of Money as shalbe taxed by Aucthoride of this Acte w*^ the same Eighte daies, then the same Distresse to be appraysed by foure thre or two of Thinhabitantf where suche Distresse is aken, and also then to be solde by the Constable or other Collecto' for the payin' of the said Money, and the Overplus comynge of the sale 8c kepinge therof (yf any be) to be ymediatly restored to the OwS of the same Distresse; wd' said Officers and other psons so deputed to aske take gather 8c levy the said s5mes, shall answere and be charged for the portion only to them assigned and lymyted, to be gathered levyed and comprised in the said Wrytinge or Estreate so to them as is aforesaide delyPed, to the use of or Sov*eigne Ladie the Queenes Ma"* and her Heires 8c Successo"; And the said some in that Wrytinge or Estreate comprised, to paye unto the Highe Collecto' or Collecto" of that place for the Collecc&n of the same, in manS 8c forme underwrytten thereunto to be named and deputed ; and the same Inhabitant? 8c Officers so gatheringe the same pdculer Somes, for their Collecc&n therof, shall reteyne for ev*y twenty shilling? so by them receyved 8c paide, ij d.; and that to be allowed at the payin' of their Collecc&n by them to be made to the Highe Collecto' or Collecto".

And furthe' be yt enacted by the said Aucthorytie, That the saide ComyssioSs, or the more pte of them as shall take upon them Thexecuc&n 8c Busines of the said Comyssion, shall for ev'y of the said Payin'? of the said Subsidies, name suche sufficient 8c able psons w* then shall have 8c possesse Land? 8c other Heredytam'? in their owne Righte of the clere yerely value of fourty pound?, or Good? to the value of foure hundred pound? at the least, as he shalbe taxed in the Subsidy Boke, if any such be in the said lymytt?, and for want of such so assessed, then those to be appointed Collectors that then shalbe suffyeient, and rated and taxed in the Subsidie Bok? in Landes or Good? neerest to the values aforesaid, as by their discression shalbe thought good, in Shires Riding? Lathes Wapentak? Rapes Cities Townes Corporate and other whatsoev5 places, aswell w,hin places pViledged as wuout, not beinge foreprised w,hin this Acte, to be Highe Collecto", and to have the Collecc&n and Receipte of the said somes set and leviable w^in the p>cincte Lymitt? and Bound? where they shalbe so lymited and appointed to be Highe Collecto"; And to ev*y of the said Collecto" so sev'ally named, the said Comissioners, or two of them at the leaste, w*" all spede and w'Njut delaie, after the saide whole s5me of any payment of the said Subsidies be set by all the lymytt? of the same their Comyssion, or in suche lymytt? as the Highe Collecto" shalbe so sev’ally assigned, shall under theire Seales and Signe Manuell deliv* one Estreat indented in Pchm', comprisinge in yt the Names of all suche psons as weare assigned to leavy the said pdculer somes, and the s5mes of ev’y Hundred Wapentake Towne and other Place aforesaid, w'h the Names and Surnames of the psons so chargeable, accordinge to the Estreate so first thereof made and delyvered as is aforesaid: And the Collecto" to be assigned shalbe charged to answere the whole some comprised in the said Estreate lymyted to his Collecc&n as is aforesaid.

Provided alwaies and be yt enacted by thaucthoride aforesaid. That the said ComissioSs havinge aucthoride by this Acte to name and noiate the said Highe Collecto" of ev*ie of the said Subsidies, shall ymediatly upon their noiac&n and election, take by Aucthoride of this fPsent Pliament, sufficient Recognizancf or Obligations, w^out any Fee or Reward to be paid therefore, of ev'y pson so by them to be named to be Highe Collecto", to be bound to the Queenes MaUc in the dubble some of the some of his Collecc&n, and to be endorced and made upon suche Condic&n, That is to say; For the Collecc&n of the said first Subsidy, That yf the said Collector his Heires or Executo" doe truelie contente and paie to the use of the Quenes Ma"e her Heires or Successo" in the Receipt of the said Exchequer, at or before the said twelveth daie of February w1* shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One thowsand fyve hundred nynetie and eighte, so muche of the said sume of Money allotted 8c appointed to his Collection, as he shall collecte and gather, and content and paie the Residue of his Collecc&n and Charge w*^ one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizancf or Obligac&ns to be voide, or ell? to stand in full strengthe and vertue; And for the Collecc&n of the said seconde Subsidie, upon condic&n that yf the said Collector his Heires or Executo" do truelie content and paie to the use of the Queenes Mau* her Heires or Successo", in her Receipt of Thexchequer at or before the said twelveth daie of February, wch shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One Thowsand fyve hundred nynetie 8c nyne, so muche of the said some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collecc&n, as he shall collecte and gather, and content and paie the Residue of his Collecc&n and Charge, w^n one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizancf or Obligac&ns to be voide, or ell? to stand in full strengthe and vertue; And for the Collecc&n of the said third Subsidy, upon condic&n that yf the saide Collector his Heires and Executo" doe truely content and pay to the use of the Queenes Ma,k her Heires or Successo" in her Receipte of Exchequer at or before the said twelveth daie of February w,b shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God One Thowsand and sixe hundred, so muche of the said some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collecc&n as he shall collecte and gather, and contente and paye the Residue of his Collecc&n and Charge w1^ one Moneth next after such tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizancf or Obligations to be voide or ell? to stand in full strength and vertue:

Gck >ole

A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c.2T.

947

W* said severall Recognizancf or Obliga&ns so taken, the said ComissioSs shall sev'allie certifie and delyv* into the Queenes Ma*f Exchequer, w* the se^all Certificate of the said Taxac&ns and Rates of the payment of the said Subsidies, at and by the tyme to them ^scribed and appoynted by this Acte for the Cerdficat of the said sePall

Taxacftns of the said Subsidies; upon payne of Forfeyture of Tenne Pounds to the Quenes Ma"* for e9ie suche

Recognizance or Obligac&n not so certified ; And that ev^e suche Collector so elected named and chosen, upon request to him made, shall knowledge and make the said Recognizance or Obligac&n, upon payne of Forfeiture of Twenty pounds to the Queenes Ma"* for the refusall thereof: And that the Threasurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme beinge, upon payment of the said sev'all Collecc&ns of the said Subsidies at the Daies and Tymes herein lymited for the payment thereof, shall cancel! and del$ the Recognizancf or Obligations for the Payin' thereof to the Collector or Collecto", w,hout any other Warrant, and w^out any Fee or Rewarde to be paid for the same to any pson: And ev’y Collector so deputed havinge the said Estreate in Pchment as is aforesaid, shall have Aucthoritie by this Acte, to appoint Daies and Places w’hin the Circuit of his Collection for the Payment of the saide Subsidies to him to be made, and therof to give wamynge by Proclamad&n or otherwaies, to all the Constables or other Psons or Inhabitantf havinge the Charge of the pticuler Colleccon wuin the Hundreds Pishes Townes or other Places by him or them lymytted, to make Payment for the said pticuler Collecc&n of ev'y some as to them shall appteyne; And yf at the same Day and Place so lymyted and plfixed by the said High Collecton, the said Constable Officers or other Psons or Inhabitantf as is aforesaid, for the said pticuler Collecc&n assigned and appointed w,hin such Hundred Cytie Towne or other Place, doe not paie unto the said Highe Collecto" the some w^in their sev'all Hundreds Townes Pishes and other Places, due and comprised in the saide Estreate therof to them deliv'ed by the said ComissioSs or some of them as is

aforesaid, or so muche thereof as they have by any means receyved, (Two pence for ev’y pounde for the said pticuler

Collecf&n as is aforesaid alwaies therof to be allowed excepted and abated,) That then yt shalbe lawfull to the said Highe Collecto" and ev’y of them and to their Assignes, to distreyne ev’y of the said Constables Officers and other Inhabitantf, for their said sepal 1 and pticuler Collecc&n of the said somes comprised in the said Estreat and Writinge therof to them and ev'y of them as is before ex pissed deliv'ed, or for so muche of the same some as so then shall happen to be gathered and levyed and behinde and unpaide, by the Goods and Cattellf of ev'y of them so beinge behinde; And the Distresse so taken to be kepte and appraysed and solde as is aforesaid, and thereof to take and leavy the s5mes so then beinge behinde and unpaide; And the overplus edmynge of the sale of the said Distresse (if any be) to be restored and deliv'ed unto the Owner in forme above remembred.

Provided alwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid. That no pson or psons shalbe nomynated or appoynted to be a Highe Collector or Collectors for the second payment of any Fifteene Tenthe or Subsidies graunted by this Acte, w4' before that tyme hath ben a Collecto' or Collecto" for the first payment of any pte of the same Fifteene Tenthes or Subsidies, unlesse such psone or psons so to be nomynated & appointed Highe Collecto' or Collecto" for the said second payment, do first shewe for the before him or them by whom he shalbe so noiated and appointed, his Quietus est for the discharge of his Collecc&n before appointed to his Charge, upon payne of One Hundred Pounds to be paid and forfeyted by him or them that so shall noiate and appoynt any such Collecto' contrary to this present Acte.

Provided alwayes, That no pson inhabitinge in any Citie Borough or Towne Corporat, shalbe compelled to be any Assesso' or Collecto', of or for any pte of the said Subsidies, in any Place or Placf out of the said Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporat where he dwelleth.

And yt is also by the said Aucthoritie enacted, That yf any Inhabitantf or Officers, or whatsoev' pson or psons charged to and for the Collecc&n and Receipt of any Pte or Porc&n of the said Subsidies by any manri of meanes accordinge to this Acte, or any pson or psons, for themselves or as Keep Gardian Depude Factor or Attorney of or for any other pson or psons, of any Goods and Cattellf of the Owner therof, at the tyme of the said Assessinge to be paid, beinge out of this Realme or in any other ptf not knowen, or of k for the Goods and Cattellf of any other pson or psons, of any Corporac&n Fraternity Mystery or other whatsoeP Comynalty, beinge Corporat or not Corporat, and all psons havinge in their Rule Governance and Custody, any Goods or Cattellf at the tyme of the said Assessinge, or any of them to be made, Or w" for any Cause for and by Collecc&n, or for himself or for any other, or by reason that he hath the Rule GovWice or Custody of any Goods or Cattellf of any other pson or psons, Corporac&n Coialtie Fraterynde Guilde or Mystery, or any suche other like, or as Factor Deputy or Attorney of or for any pson, shalbe taxed rated valued and set to any some or somes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxac&n or assessinge upon any suche pson or psons as shalbe charged w* the Receit of the same, happen to die, or depte from the Place where he was so taxed and set, or his Goods or Cattellf be so eloyned or in such pryvie and covert manS kept, as the said pson or psons charged w"1 the same, by Estreatf or other Wridngf from the said ComissiorJs, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the said Comission as is aforsaid, can ne may levie the same some or somes comprised w^in the same Estreatf, by Distresse w,hin the Lymyttf of their Collecc&n as is aforesaid, or cannot sell suche Distresse or Distresses as be taken for any of the saide paymentf, before the tyme lymited to the Highe Collecto' for his payment to be made in the Queenes Maf Receipte, Then upon relac&n therof w'" due Examynac&n by the Oath or Examynac&n of suche pson or psons as shalbe charged w* and for the Receipte and Collecc&n of the same, before the said C5missiofis, or as many of them as by the said Cdmission shalbe thereunto appointed, where suche pson or psons or other as is aforesaid their Goods and Cattellf were set and taxed, and upon playne

Penalty on Neglect in certifying, jj 10 j on Neglect of Recognizance, 4 20.

High Collector* shall call on Conatablea, Sec. to pay Money levied, allowing them ad. per Pound.

On Failure, Conatablea, &c. may be distrained.

XX. Collectors of the firat Payment shall not be named Collector* of the Second, without producing their Quietus for the First.

XXI. Assessors and

Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

XXII. lncaseofDeath,&c. of Collectors, or of Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming, HighCollectors,&c. shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.


948

39° Eliz. c.27.

A.D. 1597-8.

Commissioner! may issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, kc. of Parties liable, who may retain the same out of their Rents, kc.

On Failure of any such Distress, Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment j

Like Process against Persons chargeable for others;

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer;

Cerdficat therof made in the Quenes Ma'f Excheque' by the same ComissioSs, as well of the Dwellbge Place Names and Somes of the said psons of whom the said Somes cannot be levied and had as is aforesaid, then as well the Constables and othe' Inhabitantf appoynted for the same pticuler Collecc&n, against the Highe Collecto"f as the Highe Collector upon his Accounte and Oathe in the said Exchequer, to be discharged therof; and Processe to be made for the Quenes Ma"* out of the said Excheque', by the discression of the Barons of the said Exchequer against suche pson, his Heires or Executors so beinge behinde w"1 his payment: And ov* that, the same Comissionis, to whom any suche Declaraf&n of the pmisses shalbe made in forme aforesaid, from tyme to tyme shall have full Power and Authority to direct their p>cepte or fPceptf unto the said pson or psons charged w01 any some of for and upon any suche pson & psons or other as is aforesaid, or to any Sheriff Steward Bailif or other whatsoev* Offycer Mynister Pson or Psons of suche place or placf where any suche Pson or Psons so owinge suche Sdme or Somes shall have Lands and Tents or other Hereditam'f or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattellf* whereby any suche pson or psons so indebted, his Heires Executo" or Assignes or other havinge the Custody Gov*nanC or Disposic&n of any Goods Cattellf Lands or Tents or other Hereditafiitf, wd‘ ought or may by this Acte lawfully be distreyned or taken for the same, hath and shall have Goods Cattellf Lands Tents or other Possessions, whereof suche Some or Somes w* by any suche pson or psons may or ought to be leavied, be yt w^in the Lymyitf of suche Cdmission where suche pson or psons was or weare taxed, or w^out, in any Place w,hin this Realme of England Wales or other the Queenes Ma'f Domynions Marches or Territories; By w* fPcepte aswell suche pson or psons shalbe charged to leavy suche Money, as the Officer of the Place or Placf where suche Distresse may be taken, shall have full Power and Aucthoritie to distreyne ev*y ruche pson indebted charged or chargeable by this Acte, or his Executo" or Administrate" of his Goods and Cattellf, his Gardians Facto" Deputies Leasees Fermo" & Assignes, and all other psons by whose Hands or out of whose Lands any suche pson should have Fee Rent Annuytie or other Profitt, or wch at the tyme of the said assessinge, shall have Goods or Cattellf or any other thinge moveable of any such pson or psons beinge indetted or owinge suche some; And the Distresses so taken, cause to be kepte appraised & solde, in like rnanS and forme as is aforesaid for the Dystresse to be taken upon suche psons to be taxed to the said Subsidies, and beinge sufficient to distreyne w^in the Lymyttf of the Collecto" Inhabitantf or other Officers charged wUl or for the said somes so upon them to be taxed; And yf any such Distresse for non payin' happen to be taken out of the Lymytt of the said psons charged and assigned to leavy the same, the psons so charged for the levyinge of any suche somes by Distresse, shall pceyve and take of the same Distresse, for the Labo' of ev*ye pson goinge for the execucbn therof, for e(*y Myle that any such pson so laboreth for the same. Two pence; And e£*y Farmer Tenant Gardian Factor or other whatsoev* pson, being distreyned or otherwise charged for payment of any suche some or somes, or any other some by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche some or somes, of him or them so levied and

taken, discharged and acquited at his next Daie of Payment of the same, or at the deliv*y of suche Goods and

Cattellf as he that is so distreyned had in his Custody or GovViance, against him or them that shalbe so taxed and sett ; Any Graunte or Wrytinge Obligatory or other whatsoev* Matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstandinge : And yf any suche pson that shoulde be so distreyned, have no Lands or Tents sufficient, whereby he and his Tenantf and Fermers may be distreyned, or have aliened eloyned or hidd his Goods and Cattellf whereby he should or mighte be distreyned, in suche man8 that suche Goods and Cattellf shoulde not be knowen or found, so that the some of or by him to be paid in the saide forme, shall not nor can be convenyently levied. Then upon relad&n thereof to the Comyssioners or to as many of them as by the said Comyssion shalbe thereunto appoynted, where suche pson or psons was taxed and set, by the Othes of him or them that shalbe charged w‘h the levyinge & payment of that some or somes, The same ComissioSs shall make a jPcepte in suche man8 as is aforesaid, for to attache take & arrest the Bodie of suche pson or psons that ought to paye the said somes, and

by this Acte shalbe charged w'h and for the said some and s5mes; And them so taken safely to kepe in Prison

w,hin the Shier or other Place where any such pson or psons shalbe taken and attached, theare to remain w'fout Baile or Mayneprise, untill he hathe paid the said some or somes, that suche p6on for himself or for any other by this Acte shalbe chargeable or ought to be charged withall, and also for the Fees of ePy suche Arrest to him or them that shall execute suche fPcepte, Twenty pence; And that e£*y Offycer unto whom suche fPcepte shalbe directed, doe his true diligence and execute the same upon e€*y pson so beinge indebted, upon payne to forfeyte to the Quenes Mau* for ev*y defaulte in that behalf, Twenty Shillingf; And that no Keep of any Gaole, from his Gaole suffer any suche p6on to goe at large by lettinge to Bayle, or otherwise to depte out of his Prison, before he have paid his said Debte and the said Twentie pence for the said Arrest, upon payne to forfeyte to the Quenes MaUe Fourty Shillingf, And the same Gaoler to pay to the Quenes Ma'k the double value, as well of the Rate w'*' the said pson so ymprisoned was taxed at, as of the said Twenty Pence for the Fees: And like Proces and Remedy in like forme shalbe granted by the said ComissioSs, or as many of them as by the saide Comission shalbe thereunto appoynted, at like Informacbn of ev*y pson or psons beinge charged w"" any Some of Money for any other pson or psons by reason of the said Subsidies, and not therof paid, but willfully w'Mrawen, nor the same leviable w'hin the Lymyttf where suche psons were thereunto taxed : And if the some or somes, beinge behinde unpaid by any pson or p6ons as is aforesaid, be levied and gathered by force of the said Proces to be made by the said Comissiotts, or yf in defaulte or for lack of Paym' thereof, the pson or psons so owinge the said Some or Somes of Money, by Proces of the same ComissioSs to be made as is aforesaid, be comytted to Prison in forme abovesaid, That then the said Comyssio8s w* shall award suche Proces, shall make Certificat thereof in the said Exchequer of that shalbe don in the jPmisses, in the Terme next followinge after such some or somes of Mony so beinge behinde shalbe levyed and gathered, or suche

Go

Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 27.

949

peon or psons for non payin' of the same comytted to Prison: And yf it happen any of the said Collecto" to be Collector* and assigned, or any Maiors Sherives Stewards Constables the Headboroughe Borsholder Baylife or any other Offycer or c^mUifoneM/'"8 Mynister or other whatsoev’ pson or psons, to disobey the said Comissionls or any of them, in the reasonable Per*om refining to Request to them made by the said ComyssioSs for execucbn of the said Cdmission, Or yf any of the Offycers or examine^ 1" being other psons doe refuse that to them shall appteyne and belonge to doe by reason of any fPcepte to him or them ^*7^*7 to be directed, or any reasonable Comaundement Instance or Request touching the pmiss, or other default in

may be fined and

any Apparance or Colleccbn to make, or yf any pson, beinge suspecte not to be indifferently taxed as is aforesaide, doe refuse to be examyned accordinge to the tenor of this Acte before the said ChmyssioSs, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaid, or will not appeare before the same ComyssioSs upon warnynge to him made, or ells make Resistance or Rescous upon any Distresse upon him to be taken for any pcell of the said Subsidies, or comytt any Mysbehavio' in any manS of wise contrary to this Acte, or comytt any wilfull Omyssion or other whatsoev’ wilfull doinge or mysdoinge, contrary to the teno' of this Acte or Graunte; the same ComyssioSs and ev’y nomber of them above remembred, or two of them at the least, upon probable knowledge of any suche Mysdeameano" had by Informac&n or Examynacbn, shall and may set upon ev’y suche Offender for ev’y suche Offence, in the Name of a Fyne by the same Offender to be forfeyted. Fourty Shillingf or under, by discression of the same ComyssioSs; And further, the same ComyssioSs, and ev’y nomber of them or two of them at the leaste, shall have aucthorytie by this pnte Acte, to punishe ev’y suche Offender by ymprisonment, there to remayne and to be deliv’ed by their discression as shall seerae to them convenyent; the said Fynes, (yf any suche be,) to be certified by the said ChmyssioSs that soe assessed the same, into the Quenes Ma'f said Exchequer, there to be levyed and paide by the Collecto" of that pte for the said Subsidies retorned into the said Exchequer, to be therew,h charged w,h the payment of the said Subsidies, in such manS as yf the said Fynes had ben set and taxed upon the said Offenders for the said Subsidies.

And yt is also enacted by the saide Aucthoritie of this p>sent Pliament, That ev’y of the said Highe Collecto" w€h shall accounte for any pte of the said Subsidies in the said Exchequer, upon their sePall Accounts to be yelded, shalbe allowed at ev’y of the said Paymentf of the said Subsidies, for ev’y pounde lymyted to his Colleccbn wherof any suche Collector shalbe charged and yeld Account, Sixe pence as pcell of their Charge; that is to say, of ev’y pound thereof for such psons as then have had the pticuler Colleccbn of the Townes and other Places as is aforesaid specified in his Colleccbn, two pence; and other two pence of ev’y pound therof, ev’y of the said Chife Collecto" or their Accountantf to reteyne to their oune use for their Labor and Charge in and about the p’misses; and twoe pence of ev’y pounde residue, to be defined allowed and paid by the said Collecto' so being therof allowed, to suche of the ComissioSs as shall take upon them the busynes and labo' for and about the p>misses; that is to say, Epy Collector to pay that Comissioner or Comyssioners wch had the orderynge of the Wrytingf of and for ev’y of the said Subsidies where the said Collecto' or Collecto" had their Colleccbn, for the expencf for the said ComyssioSs so takinge upon them the said busynes, and labor of their Clarkf wrytinge the said pceptf and Extractf of the said Colleccbns; the same last two pence of ev’y pound, to be devided amongest the said ComyssioSs, havinge Regarde to their labo' and busynes taken by them and their saide Clarkf in and about the p>misses ; for weh pte soe to the said ComyssioSs appteyninge, the said ComyssioSs, sixe fyve fowr three or two or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Queenes Ma'f Comyssion, and ev’y of them, joyntly and sev’ally for his and theire said pte, may have his Remedy against the said Collecto' or Collecto" which thereof ben or might have ben allowed, by Action of Debt, in wrt the Defend' shall not wage his Lawe, neyther Proteccbn neyther Injunction or Essoyne shalbe allowed.

And that no pson nowe beinge of the nomber of the Company of this p>sent Pliament, nor any ComyssioS, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collector or Subcollector or psenter of the said Subsidies, or of any pte thereof; nor any ComyssioS shalbe compelled to make any psentment or Certificate, other then into the Queenes Ma'f said Exchequer, of for or concemynge the said Subsidies or any pte or pcell thereof; and likewise that no other pson y' shalbe named and assigned to be ComissioSs in any Place to and for thexecucbn of this Acte of Subsidies, be or shalbe assigned or named Head Collector of any the Paymentf of the said Subsidies, neither of any pte thereof; And that ev’y suche pson or psons wc’' shalbe named and appointed as is aforesaid to bee Head Collecto" of and for the Payment of the said first Subsidy, or of any Pte thereof,* shall not be compelled to be Collector for the said second Subsidy, nor of any Pte thereof; And he that shalbe named or appointed as aforesaid to be Collector for the Payment of the said seconde Subsidy, or of any Pte thereof, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the Payment of the said third Subsidy, nor of any Pte thereof: And the said Collecto" wchc shalbe assigned for the Colleccbn of the said three Subsidies, or for any pte thereof, and c9y of them, be and shalbe acquited and discharged of all manS Fees Rewardf and of ev’ye other Chargf in the Quenes Ma'f Exchequer or ells where, of them or any of them, by reason of that Colleccbn Payment or Accounts or any thinge concemynge the same to be asked; And that yf any pson receyve or take any Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of anye suche Accountante, or use any unnecessary delay in their Accounte, that then he shall forfeyt to the Quenes Ma"‘ for ev’y peny or value of ev’y peny or peny worthe so taken. Five shillingf, and Fyve pounds to the Ptie greyed for ev’y suche delay, and suffer Ymprisonment at the Queenes Ma'f Pleasure.

XXIII. Allowance to Hi(?h Collector*, 6d. in the Pound, for themselves, Under Collector*, and Commissioner*.

XXIV. Members of Parliament, Commuaioner*. Scc. shall not be Collector*, See.

Collector* shall not pay Fee* at the Exchequer.

And after ev’y taxinge and assessinge of the said sev’all Subsidies as is aforesaid had or made, and the said XXV. Extractf thereof in Prh m', unto the Collector in mannl and forme before rehersed deliv’ed, The said CotnmyssioSs w'1' shall take upon them thexecucbn of this Acte wu,in the Lymyttf of their Comyssion, by their Agreamentf shall have Meetingf together, at wch Meetingf ev’y of the said ComyssioSs wd* then shall have


I

[ Go

Original from PENN STATE

950

39° Eliz. c. 27.

A.D. 1597-8.

After Assessment, &:c. Commissioner* shall meet and certify their sereral Assessments, with the Names of Collectors,

Fines, See.

Separate Certificates may be made, where Commissioners do not all agree.

Collectors shall answer for their respective Districts.

Executors,

Heirs, See. of Commissioners or Collectors, &c. dying, shall complete their Duties.

Form of the First and subsequent Certificates, where all the Commissioners do not join.

XXVI. Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

taken upon them thexecuc&n of any pte of the said Comission, shall by himself or his suffyeient Deputy, trulie certifie and bringe for the unto the said Comyssioners named in the said Comission, the Certificat and psentment made before him and suche other ComyssioSs as were lymyted w"* him in one Lymytt, so that the same Certificat may be accounted and cast with the other Certificatf of the other Lymyttf wthin the same Comyssyon ; and then the sayde ComyssioSs and ev’y nomber of them unto two at the least as is aforesaid, yf any be in Life, or theire Execute" or Administrate" of their Goods (yf they then be dead), shall joyntly and sePally as they were devided w^in their lymyttf, under their Seales by their discression, make one or seVal Wrytingf indented, conteyninge in yt aswell the Names of the said Collecto", by the ComyssioSs for such Collecc&n and Accounts in the Excheque' and payment in the same Receipts deputed and assigned, as the grosse and sev’all somes wrytten unto ev*y suche Collecto" to receyve the said Subsidies; And also all Fynes Amercyam'f and other Forfeytures, yf any suche by reason of this Acte happen to be rw"4n the pcincte and Lymytt of their Comyssion, to be certified into the Quenes Ma*f said Excheque' by the said ComyssioSs; In w4 Wrytinge or Wrytingf indented so to be certified, shalbe playnely declared and expssed the whole and entire some or somes of the said Subsidies sev’ally lymyted to the Collecf&n of the said Collecto" sev’ally deputed and assigned to the Collecc&n of the saide somes; So that none of the said Collecto" so certified in the said Excheque', shalbe compelled there to accounte or to be charged, but only to and for the s5mes lymyted to his Colleccdn, and not to or for any some lymited to the Collecc&n of his Fellowe, but ev’y of them shalbe sev’ally charged for their pte lymyted to their Collecf&n: And yf the said ComissioSs joyned in one Comission amongest themselves in that Matter cannot agree, or yf any of them be not ready, or refuse to make Certificat w,h othe' of the same ComyssioSs, That then the said ComyssioSs may make sev’all Indentures in forme aforesaid of their sev'all Lymyttf or Sepac5ns of Collecto" w'hin the Lymyttf of their Comyssion, upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakf Lathes Rapes or such other like Divisions w^in the said sev’all Lymyttf of their Comyssion, as the Places theare shall requier to be sev’ed and devided, and as to the same Comissions shall seeme good, to make Divisions of their Lymyttf or Collecc&ns for the sev’all Chargf of the same Collecto'*; So that alway one Collector shalbe charged and account for his pte to him to be lymited onely by himself, and not for any some lymited to the pte of any of his Fellowes, and the Chargf of ev’y of the Collecto" to be set and certified sev’ally upon them; And ev’y such Collecto' upon his Accounte and Payment of the some of Money lymyted wl,1in his Collecc&n to be sev’ally by himself acquited and discharged in the said Exchequer w'hout payinge any manS Fees or Rewardf to any pson or psons for the same, upon payne and penalty last abovesaid, and not to be charged for any porc&n of any other Collecto': And yf any ComissioS after he hath taken Certificat of them that as is aforesaid shalbe before any suche ComyssioSs examyned, and the somes rated & set, and the Bokes and Wrytingf thereof beinge in his Hands, or yf any Collecto' or other pson charged \v,b any Receipte of any pte of the said Subsidies or any other pson taxed or otherwise by this Acte charged w,h or for any pcell of the said Subsidies or w'h any other Some Fyne Amerceamente Penalty or other Forfeyture happen to dye before the ComyssioSs Collecto" or other whatsoev’ pson or psons have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that w4 to e$y suche pson shall appteyne or belonge to doe accordinge to this Acte, then the Executo" and Heires of ev’y suche pson and all other seased of any Lands and Tents that any suche pson beinge charged by this Acte and deceasinge before he be discharged thereof, or any other to his use onely had of Estat of Inheritance at the tyme that any suche pson was named Comissioner Collector or otherwise charged with or for any manS of thinge to be don satisfied or paide by reason of this Acte, and all those that have in their Possessions or Hands any Goods Cattellf Leases or other Things that were to any suche pson or psons at the tyme of his Death, or any Lands or Tefitf that were the same psons at the tyme he was (as is aforesaid) charged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and charged to do and accomplishe in ev’y Case as the same pson so beinge charged should have don or might have ben compelled to doe yf he had ben in playne Life, after such Rate of the Lands and Goods of the said ComissioS or Collecto' as the partie shall have in his hands: And yf the said ComyssioSs for Causes reasonable them movinge shall think yt not convenyent to joyne in one Certificat as is aforesaid, then the said pson or psons that shall first joyne togeathe' or he that shall first certifie the said Wrytinge indented (as is aforesaid) shall certifie all the Names of the ComyssioSs of that Comyssion, whereupon suche Wrytinge shalbe there then to be certified w,b Division of the Hundreds Wapentakf Wards Tithingf and other Places to & amonge suche ComyssioSs of the same Comyssion, w‘h the Names of the same C5myssioSs where suche Sepaf&ns and Divisions shalbe, wlh the grosse somes of Money aswell of and for the said Subsidies taxed or set of or w,hin the said Hundreds Wards Wapentakf or other Places to him or them devided or assigned that shall so certifie the said first Wrytinge as of the Fynes Amerceamentf Penaltes and other Forfeytures, yf any happen to be w^in the same lymyttf whereof the same Wridngf shall be certified; And after such Wrytingf indented, w* as is aforesaid shalbe certified, and not conteyne in yt the whole and full somes set and taxed w""in the lymyttf of the same Comyssion, the other ComissioSs of the same before the Daie of Paym' of the said Subsidy shall certifie into the said Exchequer by theire Wrytinge or Wrytingf indented to be made as is aforesaid, the grosse and sev’all s5mes set and taxed w^in the Places to them lymited for ev’y of the said Subsidies and other Fynes Amerceamentf Penalties and Forfeytures w11 the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakf and other Placf to them assigned, or ells by their said Wrytingf indented to certifie at the same Place before the same Day of Paym', such reasonable causes for their excuses whie they may not make suche Certificat of and for the said Subsidies Fynes Amerceam*f and other Forfeytures growinge or set by reason of the Causes of their lettf or of their not ccrtifyinge as is aforesaid, or ells in default thereof processe to be made out of the Quenes Ma'f said Excheque' against the said ComyssioSs and of ePy of them not makinge Certificat as is aforesaid by the discression of the Threasorer and Barons of the said Excheque'.

Provided alwayes and be yt enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid, That the Inhabitantf of the Pishe of S' Martyn called Stamford Baron in the Suburbes of the Boroughe and Towne of Stamford in the South pte of the Water there called Wellandf wd’ hereafter shalbe contributory to the Paym’ of theis p>sent Subsidies graunted to the Quenes


A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c.27.

951

Ma"* her Heires and Successo", shalbe assessed rated and taxed for the same by suche ComissioSs which shalbe appointed for the taxinge ratinge and sessinge of the same Subsidies w"4n the Counde of Lincolne, and shalbe for the same contributory and paie the saide Subsidies to the Collecto' or Collecto" w1*1 shalbe assigned & appoynted for the levyinge and gatheringe of the same w'h the Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Boroughe & Towne of Stamford.

Provided alwaies and be yt further enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid, That all and ev*y pson and p6ons havinge Mano" Lands Tents and other Heredytamentf chargeable to the payment of the said Subsidies graunted to the Quenes Ma"* by this Acte, and also havinge Spiritual! Possessions chargeable to her said Ma'" by the said Graunte made by the Cleargie of this Realme in their Convocacbn; and ov* this, havinge Substance in Goods and Cattellf chargeable by this said Acte, That then yf any of the said pson or psons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mano" Lands and Tefitf and Spiritual! Possessions, and also assessed charged and taxed for his and their Goods and Cattellf, That then he or they shalbe onely charged by vertue of this Acte for his and theire said Mano" Lands TeStf Hereditamentf and Spirituall Possessions, or onely for his said Goods and Cattellf, the best therof to be taken for the Quenes Ma"*, and not to be charged for bothe or double charged for any of them; Any thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notw^standinge.

XXVII. Penom hating Landi and Spiritual Promotions, and Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, Ice. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

Provided alwaies, That this Graunte of Subsidies, or any thinge therein conteyned, in any wise extende not to charge the Inhabitantf dwellinge in Ireland Jemesey and Gamesey, or any of them, of for or conSninge any Manno" Lands Tents or other Possessions, Goods Cattellf or other Moveable Substance, w'" the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers or any others to their use, have w,hin Ireland Jemesey and Garnesey, or in any of them, or of for or concernynge anye Fees or Wags w* any of the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Mau% for their Attendance and doinge 9vice to o' Sov’aigne Lady the Quenes Ma"% in Ireland Jemesey and Gamesey, or in anye of them; Any thinge in this psente Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge.

XXVIII.

Exemption for Landi, Peraonalty, and O&cei, in Ireland, Jeney, and Guernsey.

Provided also, That this psent Acte of Subsidies ne any thinge therein conteyned, extende to any of the English Inhabitantf or Resiantf in any of the Counties of Northumberland Cumberland West inland, the Towne of Berwick, the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne, and the Bishoprick of Durham, or to any of them, of for or con?nynge any Manno" Lands Tents or other Possessions Goods Cattellf or other moveable Substance, w* the same English Inhabitantf or Dwellers, or any other to their use, have wthin the said Counties of Northumberland Cumberland WestiSland, or the Towne of Barwick, the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne, or the Bushoprick of Durham, or any of them, or of for or concernynge any Fees or Wags w* any of the Englishe Inhabitantf or Dwellers have of the Quenes Ma"* for their Attendance or doinge s'vice to the Quenes Ma1*, for or w^in the said Counties of Northumberland Cumberland WestiSland, the Towne of Barwick, the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne, or the Bushoprick of Durham, or any of them, to or for the said taxinge levyinge gatheringe or payment; but that the Englishe Inhabitantf and Resiantf and ev*y of them of the said Counties, Bushoprick, and Townes, and ev*y of them, shalbe of and from the said Subsidies, and evV pcell thereof, onely for their Manno" Lands Tents Fees Wags Goods and Cattellf, lyinge and beinge in the same Counties Townes and Bushoprick, or any of them, utterly acquited and discharged j Any Thinge in this psent Acte before rehersed to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provided also. That all Ires Patentf granted by the Queenes Ma"* or any of her moste Noble Progenito" to any Cities Boroughes or Townes w""in this Realme, of any man8 of Liberties pviledges or Exempcons, from the burden Libertiei of Citie* and charge of any suche Grauntf of Subsidies, wch be at this psent tyme in force and vayleable, shall remayne fut™re?ub»idie»: good and effectuall to the said Cyties Boroughes and Townes hereafter, accordinge to the purportf thereof; allthoughe ^ ^ yi.] the Inhabitantf of the same and also the saide Corporacbns shall, upon the great and weighty consideracbn of the Graunt abovesaid, [ before1 ] this Graunte charged and contributory, in like manS forme and sort as other Cities Boroughes and Townes w* be not in any wise Pviledged, but by this Acte charged.

Provided alwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthorytie aforesaid, That no Orphant or Infant w^in the Age of £ XXXI. xxj" yeres, borne w,kin any of the Quenes Maf Dominions, shall be charged to any payment of theis Subsidies pfr»onalty of for his or her Goods & Cattellf to him or her lefte or bequeathed; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the Orphim, Sc. contrary notw^standing.

Provided also. That this Acte nor any Thinge therein conteyned, shall extend to the Goods or Lands of any XXXII.

Colledge Hall or Hostell w^in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands the

of the Colledge of Wynton, founded by Bushop Wickham, or to the Goods or Lands of the College of Eaton next Uniieriuiei, ^ Wyndsor, or to the Lands Tents or Revenewes onely assigned or appointed for the sustentadon and lyvinge of the Hoipiul., Sc. pore Knightf founded in the Castell or Colledge of Wyndsor by our late SoPaigne Lord Kinge Henry the Eighte, or to any of the Goods or Cattellf of the same Knightf, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of any common Free Grammer Schole w^in the Realme of England or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reader Scholem’ or Scholler or any Graduat resiant or remayninge for Study, w'fout fraude or covyn w"4n any of the said Uni varies

XXIX. Exemption for English Inhabitant! of the Northern Counties.

XXX.

PrnvUn far

' erroneously for ‘ be for ’

Gck >q1c

Original from PENN STATE

952

39° Eliz. c. 27, 28.

A.D. 1597-8.

XXXIII. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXIV.

Exemption for the English Inhabitants of Romney Msrsh.

XXXV. Children of Aliens, to whom Lands or Goods are assigned in Evasion of this Act, shall pay Double Rates.

Motives for this Pardon

General Pardon of all Offences, Ac. not expressly excepted, committed, &r. before Aug. An. 39 Eliz.

and Colleges or Townes of Cambridge & Oxford or Suburbes of the same, or to any of them, or to any of their 9vantf daylye attendinge upon any of them, nor to the Goods of any Officer Mynister Aimes men or s'vantf, belonginge to any of the said UnivWies Colledgf Halls or Hostellf, and dwellinge and resiant w^in the said UniPsities or either of them, or w""in either of the said Townes of Cambridge and Oxford and the Suburbes of the same, w"out fraud or covyne, or to the Goods and Lands of any Hospitall Meisondieu or Spittle House, prepared and used for the sustentac&n and Relief of poore People; Any Thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided also and be yt further enacted, That the said Graunte of Subsidies or any Thinge therein conteined, do not in any wise extende or be prejudiciall or hurtefull to any of the Inhabitauntes or Resiantes havinge dwelte for the moste parte of the yeare next before the taxinge and assessinge of theis Subsidies as aforesaide within the Fyve [Parts 1 ] corporate, or to any theire Membe" incorporated or united to the same Five Portes, or to any of the saide Five Portes, But that suche the Inhabitauntf or Resiantes as aforesaid in the saide Five Portes corporate, and theire Membe", be and shalbe, of and from the saide Graunte and Paimte of every of the saide Subsidies and every parte thereof, and onely duringe suche theire Resiancie as aforesaide and noe longer, dearely discharged and acquited; Any Matter or whatsoever Thinge in this presente Acte had or made to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provided alsoe, That the saide Graunte of Subsidias and Six Fyfteenes and Tenthes, doe not in any wise extende or be prejudiciall or hurtefull to the Englishe Inhabitauntes or Resiantes at this f'sente tyme w^in the liberties of Rumney Marshe, of or for any parte of the said summes graunted in this presente Parliamente, of the sayd Englishe Inhabitauntes nowe theire resiantes, or any of them, to be taxed sett asked levied or paide. But that the saide Englishe Inhabitauntf and nowe Resiantes of Rumney Marshe aforesaide, and epy of them, be and shalbe of and from the saide Graunte and Paym" of the saide Subsidies and Six Fyfteenes and Tenthes, duringe theire resiancies theire and noe longer, acquited and discharged; Any Matter and whatsoever thinge in this presente Acte made to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provided nevertheles and be yt enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any Alien or Stranger borne. Denizen or not Denizen, and dwellinge or inhabitinge w'Nn this Realme of England, shall assigne or convey over unto any his or theire Childe or Children borne w^in this saide Realme of England, any his or theire Lands Tenementf Goodes or Cattellf, to the interne thereby to defraude the Queenes Ma,!r of her saide Subsidies of or for the same, That then all and epy suche Childe or Children soe beinge seazed of any suche Landes and Tents, or possessed of any such Goodes or Cattells, shalbe charged & chargeable to and with the paimente of double the saide Subsidies for the same Landes Tents Goodes and- Cattelles, at the saide Rates and Values as Aliens and Strangers, Denizens or not Denizens, are before lymited and appoineted to paye.

CHAPTER XXVI1L An Acte for the Queenes Ma'f most gratyous geSall and free Pardon.

THE Queenes Majesty most gracyously considering the good Will and faithfull Harts of her most loving and obedient Subjects which as at all tymes soe at this psent specyally they have with most dutifull Affeccon shewed towards her Highnes, and for the Defence of this Realme; And understanding that the same her loving Subjects have many and sundry wayes by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme falne into the daunger of diverse greate Penaltyes and Forfeitures, Is of her princely and mercifull disposicon moste gracyously inclyned by her liberall and free Pardon to dischardge some parte of those greate Paynes Forfeitures and Penaltyes wherewith her said Subjects stand nowe burthened and charged, trusting they will thereby be the rather moved and induced from henceforth more carefully to observe her Highnes Lawes and Statutf, and so contynewe in their loyall and due Obedience to her Majestye: And therefor her Majesty is well pleased and contented that it be enacted by the aucthority of this psent Parlyament, in manner and forme following. That ys to saye ; That all and every the said Subjects, aswell Spirituall as Temporall, of this her Highnes Realme of England Wales the Isles of Jemesey and Garnesey and the Towne of Barwick, the Heires Successors Executors and Admynistrators of them and every of them, and all and singular Bodies in any manner of wise corporated, Cityes Boroughs Sheires Rydingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Vilages Hamlettf and Tythingf, and every of them, and the Successor and Successors of every of them, shall be by the aucthority of this psent Parliament acquited pardoned released and discharged against the Queenes Majesty her Heyres and Successors, and every of them, of all manner of Treasons Fellonyes Offences Contemptes Trespasses Entryes Deceiptf Misdemeanors Forfeitures Penaltyes and Somes of Money paynes of Death, paynes corporall and pecuniary, and geflally of all other Things Cawses Quarrellf Suits Judgementf and Execud&ns, in this psente Acte hereafter not excepted nor forepirised, which may be or can be by her Highnes in any wise or by any meanes pardoned, before and unto the Fowerth Day of Auguste laste paste, to every or any of her said Subjects Bodyes corporated Cities Boroughs Sheires Rydingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakf Townes Vilagf and Tythingf, or anye of them.

> rrrtntously for •« Ports "

Gck

A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 28.

953

And alsoe the Queenes Highnes ys contented that yt be enacted by the aucthority of this psent Parlyament, That her said free Pardon shall be as good and effectuall in the Lawe, to every of her said Subjects Bodyes Corporate and others before rehersed, in for and againste all Things which be not hereafter in this psente Acte excepted and foreprised, as the same Pardon should have beene yf all Offencf Contempt f Forfeitures Cawses Matters Suits Quarrells Judgementf ExecuftSns Penaltyes, and all other Things not hereafter in this psent Acte excepted and foreprised, had beene particularly singularly specyally and playnely named rehersed and specified, and alsoe pardoned by proper and expresse Woordf and Names, in their keyndes natures and qualityes, by Woordes and Termes thereunto requisite to have beene put in and expressed in this psent Acte of free Pardon ; And that her said Subjects nor any of them, nor the Heires Executors nor Administr of any of them, nor the said Bodyes Corporate and other before named and rehersed nor any of them, be nor shall be sued vexed or inquietted in their Bodyes Goods Chattells Lands or Tenement f, for any Manner of Matter Cause Contempte Misdemeanor Forfeiture Trespas Offence or any other Thinge suffered done or comitted before the said fowerth Day of August againste her Highnes her Crowne Dignity Prerogative Lawes or Statutes, but onely for such Matters Causes and Offences as be rehersed menc&ned or in some wise towched in the Excepc&ns of this psent Acte hereafter mencbned to be foreprised and excepted, and for none other; Any Statute or Statutf Lawes Customs or Usagf heretofore had made or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And the Queenes Highnes of her bountyous Liberality by the aucthority of this psente Parliament graunteth and freely giveth to every of her Subjectes, and to every of the said Bodyes Corporate and other before rehersed, and every of them, all Goods Chattells Debts Fynes Yssues <Pffittf Amercementf Forfeitures and Somes of Money by any of them forfeited, which to her Highnes doe or should belonge or appertayne by reason of any

Offence Contempte Trespas Entry Misdemeanor Matter Cawse or Quarrell, done or comitted by them or any of

them before the said fowerth Day of Auguste, which be not hereafter in this psent Acte foreprised and excepted. And be yt enacted neverthelesse, That all Grauntf thereof or of any parte thereof, made by any suche as have soe

forfeited the same and are hereby restored as aforesaid, and all Execu£6ns thereof or of any parte thereof, had

against any such after such Forfeiture thereof comitted or made, shall be of suche force and effecte as yf noe such Forfeiture thereof had beene had or made and of noe other ; The same Forfeiture or other Thing before in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding. And that all and every the Queenes said Subjects, and all and singular Bodyes Corporate and others before rehersed may by him or themselves or by his or their Deputy or Deputyes, or by his or their Attorney or Attornyes, according to the Lawes of this Realme, pleade and mynister this psent Acte of free Pardon for his or their Discharge, of and for any Thing that ys by vertue of this present Acte pardoned discharged given or graunted, withoute any Fee or Thing in any wise paying to any pson or psons for Writing or Entry of the Judgementf or other Cawse concerning such Plea Writing or Entry, but onely Sixteene pence to be paid to the Officer or Clarke that shall enter such Plea Matter or Judgent for the parties discharged in that Behalf; Any Lawe Statute Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

And furthermore the Qeenes Highnes ys contented and pleased that yt be enacted by the aucthority of this psent Parlyament, That her said free Pardon, by the generall Woordf Clauses and Sentences before rehersed, shall be reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken in all manner of Courts of her Highnesse and ells where, most beneficiall and avayleable to all and singular her said Subjects Bodyes Corporate and others before rehersed, and to every of them, in all Things not in this psent Acte excepted or foreprised, withoute any Ambiguity Questyon or other Delay whatsoever it shall be, to be made pleaded objected or alleadged by the Queene our Soveraigne Lady her Heires or Successors, or by her or any of their generall Attornyes or Attorney, or by any person or persons for her Highnes or any of her Heires or Successors.

And further yt is enacted by the Queene our Soveraigne Lady, by the Aucthority of this present Parlyament, That if any Officer or Clarke of any of her Highnes Courts comonly called the Chauncery Kings Benche and Comon Place, or of her Exchequer, or any other Officer or Clarke of any other her Highnes Courtes within this Realme, at any tyme after the laste day of this psente Sessyon of Parliam', make oute or write oute any manner of writtf Proces Sumons or other Preceptes, whereby any of the said Subjects or any of the said Bodyes corporated or others before rehersed, or any of them, shall be in any wise arrested attached distrayned summoned, or otherwise vexed inquieted or greeved in his or their Bodyes Lands Tenem'f Goods or Chattells, or in any of them, for or becawse of anye manner of thing pardoned or discharged by vertue of this Acte of free Pardon, or if any Shreif or Escheator or any of their Deputy or Deputyes, or any Bayliff or other Officer whatsoever, by collour of his or their Office or otherwise, after the said laste daye of this present Sessyon of Parlyament, doe levy receave take or withholde of or from any person or persons, any thing pardoned or discharged by this Acte, That then every such person soe offending, and thereof lawfully convicted or condempned by any sufficyent Testimony Witnessor Proofe, shall yelde and pay for Recompence thereof to the party soe greeved or offended thereby, his or their Treble Damagf, besidf all Costs of the suite, and shall alsoe forfeite and loose to the Queenes Ma'" for every such defalte ten pounds ; And nevertheles all and singular such Writtf Processe and pceptf, to be made for or uppon any manner of thing pardoned or discharged by this present Acte of free Pardon, shall be utterly voyde and of none Effecte.

Excepted and allwayes foreprised out of this generall and free Pardon, All and all manner of High Treasons and other Offencf comitted or done by any pson or psons, against the Queenes moste Royall person, and all Conspiracies and Confederacies trayterously had comitted or done by any person or persons against the Queenes Majestyes Royall person; And alsoe excepted all and every manner of Treasons comitted or done by any person or persons in the parts beyonde the Seas, or in any other place oute of the Queenes Domynions; And alsoe all Suits Punishementf Execucons paynes of Death Forfeitures and Penaltyes for or by reason or occac&n of any the Treasons and Offences

Vol.IV. II K

II.

Thii Pardon as valid by general Words, a. if all Offences, &c. were particularly specified.

III.

Grant of all Forfeitures on Offences.

Pardon may be pleaded without Fee ; except I fid. to the Clerk.

IV.

This Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

V.

Penalty on Office) > of Courts, See. issuing Process for Offences hereby pardoned ; Treble Damages, and Process declared void.

VL Exceptions from this Pardon

Certain Treasons

O k

C' Gck -gle

954

39° Eliz. c. 28

A.D. 1597-8

Counterfeiting, he. of Money j

Murden;

Burglaries

Robberies on the Highway j

Horse-stealing;

Arsons;

Rapes, he.;

Escapes of Felons;

Outlawries for Treason, See.;

Witchcrafts;

Taking Issues of Goods of Felons, &c. j

Forfeitures; Slanderous LibcW

Intrusions and Wastes in Lands of the Crown;

Alienations, and Fines thereon

Wastes, he. in Lands of Wards, &c.;

Ravishments of Wards.

Fines of Widows;

VIL

Livery of Lands shall be duly sued by all Persons.

VIII.

Further Exceptions: Prisoners in special Custody i

before rehearsed : And alsoe excepted oute of this Pardon all Offencf of forging and fake counterfeating the Queenes Majestyes Greate or Privy Seales Signe Manuell or Privy Signett, or of any the Monyes currant within this Realme; And alsoe all Offencf of unlawful! dimynishinge of any the said Monyes by any way or meanes whatsoever, contrary to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme; and alsoe all abetting ayding comforting or peuring of the same Offencf or anye of them to be comitted or done: And alsoe excepted oute of this Pardon, all manner of Voluntary Murders Petite Treasons and wilfull Poyseningf done or comitted by any person or persons, and all and every the Accessaries to the same Offences or any of them, before the said Offences comitted: And alsoe excepted and foreprised oute of this generall Pardon, all and every Offences of Piracy and Robbories done uppon the Seas, and all and every comforting procuring or abbetting of the same Offences to be had done or committed: And alsoe excepted oute of this Pardon all Burglaryes comitted or done in any Dwelling Howse or Howses, and all Accessaries to any of the said Burglaryes before the same Burglaryes committed: And alsoe excepted all Robories done uppon or to any Manns or Womans person in the High way or ells where, and all and singular Accessaries of or to any such Robberyes before the said Robbery committed: And alsoe excepted the fellonyous stealing of anie Horse Gelding or Mare, and all Accessaries thereunto, before the same Fellony committed, and all Judgementf and Executions of and for the same: And alsoe all wilfull burning of any Dwelling Howse or Howses, or of anye Barne or Barnes wherein any Corne was: And alsoe excepted all Rapes and Carnall Ravishmentf of Women, and alsoe all Ravishmentf and wilfull taking away or marrying of any Mayde Widowe or Damosell againste her will, or withoute the Assent or Agreement of her Parents or of such as then had her in custody, and alsoe all Offences of ayding comforting procuring or abetting of any such Ravishement wilfull taking or marrying, to be had cSmitted or done: And alsoe excepted all wilfull Escapes of any Traytors or Fellons: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all persons nowe attaynted or outlawed of or for any Treason Petit Treason Murder wilfull Poysoning Burglary or Robbery, and all ExecucSns of and for the same: And alsoe excepted all Offences of Invocac6ns Conjurac&ns Witchcraftf Sorceryes Inchauntementf and Charmes, and all Offences of procuring abetting or comforting of the same, and all persons nowe attaynted or convicted of any of the said Offenses : And alsoe excepted all and every manner of taking firom the Queenes Majesty of any Goods or Chattells or the Yssues Rents Revenewes or Proffitts of any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf which were of any Traytor Murderer Fellon Clarke or Clarkf attaynted or Fugetyves, or any of them: And allso excepted all Goods & Chattellf in any wise forfeited to the Queenes Ma'1* by reason of anie Treason Petit Treason Murder or Felony heretofore comitted or done : And alsoe excepted all Offences of or in making writing printing or publishing, or in consenting to the making writing printing or publishing of any falce sedicious or slanderous Booke or Books Libell or Libellf in any wise againste the Queenes Majesty or the present Government of this Realme in cases ether Eccfiasticall or Temporall, or against any pson or persons : And alsoe excepted oute of this Pardon all Intrusions and spoyle of Woods, had made or done by any person or persons in or uppon any of the Mannors Lands Tenementf or other Hereditamentf of our Soveraigne Lady the Queene; And all Wastf done comitted or suffered uppon any such Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, and the wrongfull taking of any the Rents Yssues and Pffittf of the same Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf of our saide Soveraigne Lady the Queene, and alsoe all Suits Accomptf and Impeticons of and for the same: And alsoe excepted oute of this Pardon, all Alyenacans of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf without Licence, and all Fynes Yssues and Proffittf that may or ought to growe or com to the Queenes Majesty by reason of any such Alyenac&n without Licence: And alsoe excepted oute of the said Pardon all Wastes committed or done in any of the Queenes Wards Lands, or in the Wards Lands of any of the Queenes Committees, And alsoe all and every Fyne or Fynes for the single or duble value of the Marriage or Marriagf of all and every Warde or Wards at any tyme heretofore growne to the Queenes Majesty or any her noble Progenitors: And also excepted all concealed Wards and Lands of such Wards concealed, and all Lyveryes and Pryvey Seasons and Ouster le maines that ought to be had done or sued for the same; And also excepted out of this generall Pardon, all Ravishementf and wrongfull taking or withhoulding of any of the Queenes Wards or Wards Lands, or the Rents and Proffittf of the same, at any tyme commen or growne to the Queenes Handes, and every thinge that by reason of any Warde or Wards Lands, or for defalte of sueing or prosecuting of any Livery ought to come or be to the Queenes Majestye, and which as yet ys not discharged : And alsoe except all Fynes that should or ought to growe to the Queenes Majestye, of any of her Widowes that have married without Lycences.

Provided alwaye and be it Inacted by the aucthority of this present Parlyament, That the Queenes Majestye her Heires and Successors shall have and enjoy the full and whole Intereste Benefitt Profitt and Advantage of all Wardshipps Liveryes Primer Seisons and Ouster le maines of Lands Tenementf and Heieditamentf and all meane Yssues Rates and Proffittf for not sueing or not prosecuting of any Livery or Ouster le maine, as yf this Acte had never bene had or made: And that all and every person or persons which have tendered or ought to sue his her or their or any of their Liveryes or Ouster le maynes, of or for any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf whatsoever they be, shall sue his her or their Livery and Liveries and Ouster le maines oute of our said Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Hands, and shall answere and pay their Fynes Yssues and meane Proffittf for his or their Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf, in like manner and forme to every Respecte as they and every of them should or ought to have done if this Acte had never beene had ne made, notwithstanding the not finding of any Office or Offices or any other Matter whatsoever; Any Article Thinge or Things in this present Act of generall Pardon comprised and specyfied to the contrary notwithstanding.

And alsoe excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon, all such persons as the laste day of this present Session of Parlyament be in Pryson within the Tower of London, or in the Prison of the Marshalsey, or in the Prison of the Fleete, or otherwise restrayned of Liberty by expresse Comaundement of the Quenes Ma"* or by the Comaundem1 or Direcd&n of any of her Majestyes Privy Counsell: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all and every such persoirand


A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 28.

955

persons which at any tyme sithence the begining of the Queenes Majesties raigne hare fledd out of this Realme of England or any other the Queenes Domynions, for any Offence of High Treason Petit Treason or Misprision of Treason: And alsoe excepted all such persons as be gone or fledd oute of this Realme, for any Cause contrary to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme without the Queenes Majestyes Licence; And alsoe excepted all such persons as have obtayned and had Licence to departe this Realme for a certen tyme, and nowe doe abide out of this Realme, withoute any lawefull excuse, after the tyme of their Licence expired: And also excepted oute of this Pardon all and every Concealement or wrongfull Detaynem* of any Custom or Subsedies due to the Queenes Majesty, and all Accomptf Impeti£&ns and Suits to be had made or done for the same: And also excepted all and singular Accomptf of all and every Collector and Collectors of any Subsedy Fifteene Custom or other Thing; and all Accomptf of every other person whatsoever that ought to be Accomptant to the Queenes Highnes or to her most Noble Father King Henry the Eight, or to King Edward the Sixt, or Queene Mary, or to any of them, and the Heires Executors and Administrators of every such person that ought to accompte, for all Things touching onely the same Accomptf ; and all and singular Arreragf of Accomptf, and all untrue Accomptf, and all Impetic&ns Charges of Seisures Suits Demands and Execucbns which may or can be had of or for any Accompte or Accomptf, or any Arrerages of the same: And also excepted all Inclosures and Decayes of Howses of Husbandry, and the converting or keeping of any Lands from Tillage to Pasture, made done comitted or permitted contrary to the Forme and Effecte of any Statute or Statutf heretofore made: And alsoe excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon, all and all manner of Deceiptf and Offences of all and singular Monyers and other Officers Ministers and Woorkemen of or in any the Queenes Ma*f Mintes within this Realme, or any other her Domynions and all Impetic&ns and Punishmentf for the same : And also excepted all Tytles and Acf&ns of Quare Impedit, and all Homagf Relief and Reliefff Harriettf Rents Services Rent Charges Rent Seckf and the Arreragf of the same, not done or paid to the Queenes Highnes: And also excepted all Condic&ns and Covenantf and all Penaltyes Tytles and Forfeitures of Condifftn or Condic&ns Covenante or Covenantf accrued or growne to the Queenes Majesty by reason of the breache or not performing of any Covenant or Condic&n whatsoever: And alsoe excepted all somes of Money graunted to the Queenes Majesty, or any her noble Progenitors, by way or meanes of Subsedy Fifteene Tenth or otherwise, and all Concealementf Frawdes and Offences by which her Majesty hath bene deceaved or not truly answered of or for the same : And alsoe excepted oute of this Pardon, all Debts which were or be due to our Soveraigne Lady the Queene, or to the most Noble Kynge of famous Memory Kyng Henry the Seaventh, Kinge Henry the Eight, King Edward the Sixt, or to the late Queene Mary, or to any person or persons for or to any of their uses, by any Condempnac&n Recognizaunce Obligaf&n or otherwise; other then such Debts as are due uppon any Obligac&n or Recognizaunce forfeited before the said fowerth day of August for non Apparance in any Courte or other Place whatsoever, or for not keeping of the Peace, or not being of good behavyour, which Debts growne or accrued uppon these Causes by this fre Pardon be and shall be clearely pardoned and discharged: And also excepted and foreprised oute of this Pardon, all and singular Penaltyes Forfeitures and Somes of Money, being due or accrued to our Soveraigne Lady the Queene by reason of any Acte Statute or Statutf, which Forfeitures Penaltyes and Somes of Money be converted into the nature of Debte, by any Judgement Order or Decree or by the Agreement of the Offendor or Offendors : And alsoe excepted all Forfeitures of all Leases Estatf or Interests of Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf holden of our Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Majesty by Knightf service or in socage, in capite, or otherwise by Knightf Service made in one or several Assurancf or Leases for any terme or termes for Yeres, where uppon the olde and accustomed Rent or more is not reserved: And alsoe excepted all Firste Frutes and Tenths at this present being due to be paid to her Majesty by force of any Acte or Statute or otherwise: And alsoe excepted all Penaltyes and Forfeitures, whereof there ys any good Verdicte in any Suite given or paste for the Queenes Majesty: And also excepted all Forfeitures and other Penaltyes and Proffittf nowe due acrewed or growne, or which shall or may be due accrewe or growe to the Queenes Majesty by reason of any Offence Misdemeanor or Contempte, or other Acte or Deede had suffered ci>mitted or done, contrary to any Acte Statute or Statutf, or contrary to the Comon Lawes of this Realme, and whereof and for the which any Acc&n Bill Playnte or Informac&n at any tyme within eighte yeres nexte before the laste day of this present Session of Parlyament, hath beene or shall be exhibited comenced or sued in the Courts of Starre Chamber or Exchequer Chamber or in any the Queenes Majestyes Courts at Westminster, and nowe ys or the said laste day of this Session of Parlyament shall be there depending or remayning to be prosecuted; or whereof the Queenes Highnes by her Bill signed or otherwise heretofore hath made any Gifte or Assignement to any person or persons: And alsoe excepted oute of this generall and free Pardon, all Offences Contemptf Disorders Covyns Frawdf Deceiptf and Misdemeanors whatsoever, heretofore comitted or done by any person or persons, and whereof or for the which any Suite by Bill Plaint or Informac&n, at any tyme within sower yeres next before the laste day of this Psent Sessyon of Parlyament, ys or shall be comenced or exhibited in the Courte of Starre Chamber at Westminster, and shall be there the same laste day of this Session of Parlyament depending : And also excepted oute of this Pardon all Offences of Perjuries and Subornac&n of Witnesses ; and Offencf of forging and counterfeiting of any falce Deeds Escriptf or Writings and all procuring and counselling of any such counterfeiting or forging to be had or made: And also excepted out of this Pardon all and every Offence or Offencf towching or conc’ning the carrying sending or conveying over the Seas or oute of this Realme, of any Goulde Silver Juells, or any Coyne of Goulde or Silver, contrary to the lawes or Statutf of this Realme, unlesse yt were by the Queenes Licence: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Offences of Inceste Adultery [Formac&n * ] and Symony, and all Misdemeanors and Disturbancf committed or made in any Church or Chappell in the tyme of Comon Prayer Preaching or Divine Service there used, to the Disturbance thereof, and all Outlawries and Prosecucons uppon the same: And also excepted all Offences whereby any person may be chardged with the Penalty and Daunger of Premunire, and of

' rrrtnntulj far « Fornication "

c i Go glc

Fugitives for Treason, kc.

Perron* going or remaining Abroad without Licence;

Concealment of Subiidiet;

Accountant) to the Crown

Unlawful lndosures, Sic.

Deceiptf of Moneyers, Stc.)

Penalties on Covenants, Stc.

Subsidies

Debts to the Crown on Recognizances, Stc. j

Penalties and Forfeitures by Statute, adjudged or proceeded for;

Forfeiture of Leases from the Crown

First Fruits and Tenths;

Penalties recorded by Verdict, or sued for, or granted by, the Crown

Contempts, See. depending in the Court of Star-Chamber;

Perjuries i Forgeries of Deeds;

Exporting Gold or Silver;

Incest, Simony, disturbing Divine Service j

Premunire;

95d

39° Eliz. c.28.

A.D. 1597-8.

Dilapidations;

Illegal Exportation of Arms and Ammunition;

Covinous Actions ou Penal Statutes;

Embezzling Stores, ike.

Extortions, &c. by Under-Sheriffs;

Rescues of Prisoners;

Offences in Windsor or Waltham Forests;

Issues, Fines,

&c. affered, amounting to £6.

All other Fines pardoned.

Proviso as to Estreats of such Fines.

Allowance to Sheriffs for Fines pardoned.

Exception of Forfeitures ou Outlawry

Offenders against St. 27 Eliz. c. z. by Jesuits, &c.

Offenders against Act of Uniformity, St. 23 Eliz. c. 1. until they conform and submit.

Persons attainted of Rebellion, &c.

the which Offence or Offencf any person standeth allready indicted or otherwise laufully condempned or convicted : And also excepted all Dilapidacons for which any Suite ys or before the ende of this Session of Parlyament shall be depending: And alsoe excepted all Offencf whatsoever in shipping or willingly assenting or cawsing to be shipped to be transported into any Parts beyonde the Seas out of the Obedyence of her Majesty, any Gunes Ordinance Shott or Gunne Mettell, contrary to the Lawes or Statutf of this Realme, withoute licence of her Majesty in that behalf firste had and obtayned; And alsoe all such as covenously or by Consente, or for the Relief of such as have offended in or against any popular or penall Statute, have for the same Offence exhibited any Acc&n Bill Plainte Informac&n or Suite againste any such Offendor or Offendors: And excepted alsoe all Offences in taking away imbezeling or purloyning any the Queenes Majestyes Goods Money Chattells Juellf Armor Munic&n Ordinance or other Habilementf of Warre s And alsoe excepted oute of this Pardon all manner of Extortions whatsoever, and also excepted all Covens Fraudf Deceiptf and other Disorders and Misdemeanors whatsoever heretofore committed or done by any Undershrief, or by any Officer Minister or Clarke in any of her Highnes Courts, in or by reason or collour of any of their Offices or Places, and all Offences of ayding comforting assisting or procuring of any Undershreifff or any such Officer Minister or Clarke in contriving doeing or executing of any such Extortyon Exac&n Covyne Fraude Deceite Disorder or Misdemeanor : And alsoe excepted oute of this Pardon, all unlawfiill taking away and Rescusses made of any Prisoner being in or under any Arreste or Custody, and all breaking and attempting to breake any of her Majestyes Prisons, and all Offencf of ayding or procuring therof: And alsoe excepted all Offencf Contemptf Disorders and Misdemeanors committed or done by any person or persons contrary to the Lawes of the Forestf within the Circuite or psincte of her Majestyes Forestes of Windsor and Waltham or of either of them, and all penaltyes for the same : And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Yssues Fynes and Amerciamentf being totted levied or receaved by any Shreiff Undershreiff Bayliff Minister or other Officer to or for the Queenes Ma'f Use or Behooffe before the last day of this p>sent Session of Pliam1, and all Yssues Fynes and Amerciamentf affered taxed sett or estreated or entered severally or particularly, towching or conceminge any one person or mo persons joyntly or sePally, above the some of six pounds : And alsoe excepted all Yssues Fynes and Amercyamentf retorned afferred taxed sett or entered severally or particularly in any Courte of Recorde at Westminster at any tyme sithence the Feaste of the Holy Trynety laste paste: And yet nevertheles all other Fynes, aswell Fynes Pro Licencia concordandi as others, set taxed estreated or entered before the said Feaste of the Holy Trynety, and alsoe all Y ssues and Amerciamentf, aswell reall as others, within any Libertyes or without, being set taxed estreated or entered before the saide Feaste of the Holy Trynety, and which sev*ally or particularly extend to or under the some of six pounds and not above, whether they be estreated or not estreated, or whether they be torned into Debte or not tomed into Debte, and not being totted levyed or receaved by any Shrieff Under Sheriff Minister or other Officer to or for the Queenes Majestyes use or behooffe, before the laste day of this presente Session of Parlyament, shall be freely cleerely and playnely pardoned and dischardged against the Queenes Majesty her Heires and Successours for ever, by force of this psent Acte of Free Pardon: And yet neverthelesse all Estreates of such Fynes Yssues and Amerciamentf as be nowe pardoned by this Acte, and whiche be allready estreated forth of the Courte of Exchequer, and be remayning in the Hand of the Shriet Undershrieff or Baylliff for collecting of the same Fynes Yssues and Amercyamentf, shall uppon the Retome of the same Estreatf be orderly chardged or delivered by Scrowes into the Office of the Pipe in the Courte of Exchequer, as heretofore hath been accustomed, to the intente that thereuppon order may be taken that her Majesty may be the more truely answered of all such Fynes Yssues and Amerciamentf not by this Acte pardoned, and which any Shrief Undershriefff Baylifff or other Officer or Minister hath receaved or ought to answere by force or collour of any

such Estreate Processe or Precept to him or them made for the levying thereof: And yet that notwithstanding, all

and every Shrieff and Shrieffs and other Accomptant, uppon his or their Petic&n or Petic&ns to be made for the Allowance of any such Fynes Yssues and Amercyamentf as by this Acte ys pardoned, shall have all and every such his and their Petic&n allowed in his and their Accompte and Accomptf, without paying any Fee or Rewarde to any Officer Clarke or other Minister for the making entering or allowing of any such Petic&n or Petic&ns j Any Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And also excepted oute of this Pardon, all Goods Chattells Debts Accons or Suits allready forfeited, or whereof any Righte or Tytle ys accrewed or growne to the Queenes Ma'" by reason of any Owtlawry, and whereof the Queenes Majesty by her Highnes Letters Pattentf hath before the laste day of this present Session of Parlyament made, anie Graunte Covenante or Promise to any person or persons : And also excepted oute of this Pardon, all such persons which have committed or done any Offence or Offences contrary to the Tenor or Effecte of the Statute made in the seaven and twentith yere of her Majestyes Raigne, entituled An Acte againste Jesuites Semynary Preestf and other such disobedient persons, or of any. parte thereof; And all Outlawries Proceedingf Judgmentf and Execuc&ns uppon the same Offences or any of them: And alsoe excepted all persons which have committed or done any Offence contrary to the Statute made in the thre

and twentith yere of her Majestyes Raigne, entituled An Acte to retayne the Queenes Ma'f Subjects in their due

Obediens, or any parte thereof; And all Outlawries Proceedingf and Judgementf and Execuc&ns uppon the same Offencf or any of them, for such and soe longe tyme as they shall continewe disobedient or willfully obstinate in any the same Offencf; And yet neverthelesse whensoever the same persons or any of them shall willingly submitt themselves in their due Obediens to her Majesty, and will come to the Churche to here Divine Service, and willingly refuse the same wilfull obstinacy, and conforme themselves in the said causes of Relygion and Doctrine, and contynewe in such their Conformety and due Obedience to her Majesty, according as by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme they ought to doe, That then and from thenceforth all and every such person and persons soe submitting and yelding themselves in their due Obedience towards her Majesty, and soe contynuing in the same, shall forthewithe be receaved and enabled, by force of this Acte, to have and enjoy the full benefitt of this generall Pardon as lardgly and fully in all Respects as any other of her Majesties good Subjects have or ought to enjoye by vertue of this Acte of generall Pardon: And alsoe excepted oute of this Pardon, all such persons as be and retnayne still attainted


A.D. 1597-8.

39° Eliz. c. 28.

957

i

i

I

i

i



i

i

I

H

I

k

i

K

a

it

li

k

k

yi

k


ii & k in rf

t

fee


p

a:

r

m

I*

d

4

t \

4

f*

4

or condempned, and not allready pardoned of or for any Rebellyon or levying of Warre, or of or for any Conspiracy of any Rebellion or levying of Warre, within this Realme or in any other the Queenes Domynions:

And also excepted all falce forging or counterfeiting of any Comission or Comissions to enquier of any Lands Falsifying Bill* Tenementf or Hereditament^ and alsoe all falce forging and counterfeiting of any untrue Certificate or Retorne Q^, by of any Comission or Comissions obtayned or gotten forth of any Courte or Courts to enquier of any Lands Tenementf or other Things whatsoever; And all and all manner falcefying of any particular or of any Bill or Bills signed by her Majesty after the ingrossing thereof, and before the passing of the same unto the Greate Seale: And except alsoe out of this Pardon, all Offences comitted or done by any person or persons in newe Exception of building dividing of Tenementf, taking of Inmates, Newe Inclosures, and other Newsancf in any place within the ^"London by Citty of London and Suburbes of the same, or within three myles of the said Citty, contrary to the Lawe, or any new Building*, he. her Majestyes Proclemacfins in that Behalf made.

Provided allwayes and be yt enacted by the aucthority aforesaid, That yt shall and may be lawfiill to all and every Clarke and other Officers of the Queenes Courts, to awarde and make Writtf of Capias Utlagaf, at the Suite of the Party Plaintiff, against such persons outlawed as be pardoned by this Acte, to the intent to compell the Defendant k Defendants to make Answere to the Plaintiff or Plaintifff at whose Suite he or they were outlawed ; And that every person soe outlawed shall sue a Writt of Scire Fa? against the Party or Partyes at whose Suit he or they were soe outlawed, before the Pardon in that Behalf shalbe allowed to him or them that soe ys outlawed.

IX.

Pro xito for Outlawries in Ciril Actions.

Provided alsoe and be yt enacted by the Aucthority of this present Parliament, That this Acte of generall Pardon shall not in any wise extende to any person outlawed uppon any Writt of Capias ad satisfaciendum, untill such tyme as the person soe outlawed shall satisfy or otherwise agree with the party at whose Suite the same person was soe outlawed or condempned.

X.

Prorito for Outlawries on personal Executions.

Provided likewise and be yt enacted, That neither this Acte of generall Pardon nor any thing therein contayned, shall in any wise extende to any person that ys or shall be putt to Execuc&n at any tyme before Ten Days after the ende of this Session of Parlyament; Or to pardon or dischardge any Offence or Misdeameanor comitted or done by any Purveyor or other Taker whatsoever, in taking or purveying of any Provision whatsoever for the Queenes Majestyes Howsholde or otherwise to the Queenes Highnes behoofe, or by pretence or collour thereof, contrary unto or against any the Lawes or Statutf in that behalf made or ordayned.

XL Further Exceptions: Persons in Execution before a certain Period. Purreyort acting illegally;

Provided also and be it enacted by the Aucthority aforesaid, That neither this Acte nor any thinge therein contayned shall extende to pardon or discharge any Offence, comitted or done by any Comissioner Captayne or other person whatsoever, in the corrupt taking or having of any Money or other Gifte or Rewarde for the chainging releasing or discharging of any Souldyer preste or appointed to serve her Majesty in the Defence of the Realme or otherwise; Or any Offence committed or done by any against the Ecclesiastical 1 Estate or Governement established in this Realme; Or any Heresy or Schisme in Religion whatsoever.

XII. Corrupt discharging, he. of Soldiers.

Heresy, kc.


ii L

( 958 )

Anno 43° [& 44°] ELIZABETHS. A.D. 1601.

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

BEGUN AND HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE TwENTY-SEVENTH Day OF OCTOBER,

In the FORTY-THIRD Year, and there continued

UNTIL AND UPON THE NINETEENTH Day OF DECEMBER NEXT FOLLOWING,

In the FORTY-FOURTH Year of the Reign of Q. ELIZABETH. (')

ejc ftotulo #arlfamentt be anno regnt Ctoabet&e ftegine, £Uiabrageoftno*tertto,

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato& tento apud Westfti vicesimo septimo die OctobriS Anno Regni Serenissime atq. Excellentissime Dne nre Elizabethe, Dei gra Anglie Francie 8c Hitsnie Regine Fidei Defensor &c. Quadragesimo ?do; & ibtn continual usq> ad & in decimo nono die Decembris px sequen, C5muni olm Dnop tam Spualiu q*m Temporaliu & Coitatis consensu, & Regie Majestads Assensu, Inactitata 8c Stabilita fuerunt hec sequencia Statuta. Videl’t.

PuBLICKE AcTES.

1. An Acte for Confirmac&n of Grauntes made to the Queenes Majestie and of Letters Patentes made by her

Highnes to others.

2. An Acte for the Releife of the Poore.

3. An Acte for the necessarie Releife of Souldiers and Mariners.

4. An Acte to redresse the misemployment of Landes Goodes and Stockes of Money heretofore given to

Charitable Uses.

5. An Acte to phrent Pjurie and subomac&n of Perjurie and unnecessarie Expences in Suites of Lawe.

6. An Acte to avoide triflinge and frivolous Suites in Law in her Majesties Courtes at Westm.

7. An Acte to avoide and p>vent divers Misdemeanours in lewde and idle psons.

8. An Acte againste fraudulent admynistrad&n of Intestates Goodes.

9. An Acte for contynuance of dyvers Statutes and for repeale of some others.

10. An Acte for the true workinge and makinge of Wollen Clothe.

11. An Acte for the reco^ye of many hundred thousand Acres of Marishes and other Groundes subject comonlie

to surroundinge within the Isle of Elye and the Counties of Cambridge Huntingdon Northampton Lincolne Norffoke Suffolke Sussex Essex Kente and the Counde Palatine of Durham, ia. An Acte con&iinge matters of Assurances amongste Marchantes.

13. An Acte for the more peaceable Government of the partes of Cumberland Northumbland WestnJland and

the Bishopricke of Durham.

14. An Acte conc/ninge the Assize of Fewell.

' The Statute of this Year has in all Printed Copies been entitled 43 Eliz. The Acts nu. 1. to 16. in the List of Public Acta have always been printed as Chapters I. to XVI. of the Session; and the Acta for the Subsidies and Pardon, although not entered on the Roll, have been always printed in the Statutes as Chapters XVII. XVIII. and XIX; These latter are now printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. The Private Acts are not entered on the Roll, nor have ever been printed. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the several Acts on the Roll; but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter printed.


A.D.\60\.

43° Eliz. c. 1.

959

15. An Acte for the leviynge of Fynes with Pdama£6n of Landes within the Countie of the Citie of Chester.

16. An Acte for the reedifieinge repairinge and maintayninge of two Bridges over the Ryver of Eden, neere the

Citie of Carlile in Cumbland.

An Acte for the Confirmac6n of the Subsedies graunted by the Clergie.

An Acte for the Graunte of Fower entire Subsedies and Eighte Fifteenes and Tenthes graunted by the Temporaltie.

An Acte for the Queenes Majesties moste gracious gefiall and free Pardon.

Private Actes.

1. An Acte for the pfectinge of the Joynture of the Ladie Bridgett Countesse of Sussex, Wife of Robert Earle of Sussex.

3. An Acte for the assuringe of 9tayne Manours and Landes for parte of a Joynture to Lucie Countesse of Bedford.

3. An Acte for the Denizac&n of 8taine psons.

4. An Acte for the enablinge of Edwarde Nevill, of Birlinge in the Countie of Kent, and Sir Henrie Nevill

Knighte, his Sonne and Heire Apparante, to dispose of c?taine Coppye hold Landes parcell of the

Mannour of Rotherfeilde in the Countie of Sussex, and of the Mannor of Ailesley and Filongley, in the Countie of Warwicke.

5. An Acte to confirme the Assurance of the Mannours or Farmes of Gageburie alias Gadgburie and

Obden and other Hereditamentes, to Samuell Sandis Esquire and John Harris Gentleman and theire Heires.

6. An Acte for Augmentac&n of the Joynture of Rachell Wiefe of Edwarde Nevile of Birlinge, in the

Countie of Kente.

7. An Acte for the naturalizinge of ?taine psons borne beyonde the Seas.

8. An Acte for the assuringe of the Patronage of the Vicarage of Rotherston in the Countie of Chester,

and a Schollars Roome in the Cathedrall Churche of Christe in Oxoh, of the Foundac&n of Kinge Henrie the Eighthe, by the Deane and Chapiter of the saide Cathedr Churche to Thomas Venables Esquire and his Heires for ev.

9. An Acte for the endinge and appeasinge of all ControvWs Matters and Debates betwene Francis Kettlebie

of the one parte, and Andrewe Kettlebie and Jane his Wife of the other parte.

10. An Acte to make the Landes Tenementes and Hereditamentes of Edwarde Lucas Gentleman deceased, Executor of the laste Will and Testamente of John Flowerdew Esquire deceased, liable to the paymente of Saine Legacies given by the laste Will of the saide John Flowerdew, and to the paymente of divers other Debtes owinge by the said Lucas in his life tyme.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte for ConfirmacSn of Grauntes made to the Queenes Majestie, and of Letters Patentes made by her

Highnes to others.

IN moste humble wise beseechen your moste excellent Majestie the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this your Highnes Parliament assembled; That whereas sithence the eighthe day of Februarii in the five and twentithe yeare of your Majesties Reigne, divers and sundrie Honnors Castles Mannors Landes Teiites Rentes Revisions Services and other Hereditamentes have bene conveied and assured to your Highnes your Heires and Successors, by and from divers and sundrie Psons and Bodies Pollidcke, as well for the dischardge and satisfaccdn of greate Debtes and Sumes of Money, as for other good considerations ; That for better assurances confirmation and suretie thereof, it may be enacted by the aucthoritie of this p>sent Parliament, that all Feoffementes Fynes Surrenders Assurances Conveiances and Estates, in any wise conveied had or made to or for your Highnes, by or from any pson or psons Bodies Politicke or Corporate, sithence the saide eighte day of Februarii in the five and twentithe yeare of your Majesties Reigne, of any Honnors Castles Mannors Landes Tenementes Rentes RevWis §vices and other Hereditamentes, for any Debte Sume or Sumes of Money or other Consideration whatsoev, other then Conveiances of Estates heretofore hade or made by any Ecclesiasticall pson or psons or Bodies Politike or Corporate not havinge power or abilitie by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme to make the same, shall stande remaine and be good and availeable in the La we to all Intentes Constructs ns and P'poses accordinge to the true meaninge intent and p'porte of the same: Savinge to all and ev^ie pson and psons and to their Heires Bodies Politique and Corporate, and to theire Successors and e9y of them, other then suche pson or psons and theire Heires and Wives beinge parties or privies to suche Conveiances or Assurances and evy of them, Bodies Politique and Corporate and theire Successors and ev*y of them, of or from whome the Queenes Highnes hath had obtained or purchased any Mannors Mesuagf Landes Tenementf Rentes Revisions Services or Hereditament by Exchange Gifte Bargaine Fyne Feoffment


All Conveyance* of Lands, Sc. made to the Queen rince 8th February, zj Eliz. (except by Ecclesiastic* not authorized by Statute 1, declared valid.

General Saving for Title* of Stranger*.

960

43° Eliz. c. 1.

A.D. 1601.

u.

All Letten Patent, ice. granting Lands, Itc.from the Queen to Subjects, made since the said Time, or to be made during this Parliament, or for One Year after, under an existing Commission, declared valid, notwithstanding any Misnomer, Mis-recital. Want of Office found, or Error in Value, Sec.

III.

Proviso as to Grants of Offices.

Recov*ye Deede inrolled or otherwise, all suche Righte Title In?este Use Possession Rentes Revisions Remainders Offices Fees Comons Pfittes and Comodi ties whatsoev* whiche they or any of them have mighte or ought to have had of in or to the ptaisses or any parte thereof, in as large and ample manner forme and condid&n to all Internes Construcd&ns and P'poses as if this Acte had never bene had ne made ; this p>sente Acte or any thinge therein contained to the cont*rie notwithstandinge.

And Whereas your excellent Majestie, sithence the saide eighthe day of Februarii in the five and twentiethe yeare of your Highnes Reigne, as well for divers and greate sumes of Money as alsoe for divers and sundrie other Considerac&ns, hathe bargained soulde given and graunted by your Highnes sundrie Letters Patentes Indentures or other Writings, sealed under the Greate Seale of Englande or the Seale of the Duchie of Lancaster or the Seale of the Countie Palatine of Lancaster, as well to Bodies Politike and Corporate as to divers and sundrie other of your Highnes lovinge and obedient Subjectes divers and sundrie Honnors Mannors Landes Tentes Rentes Revisions svices and other Hereditamentes in Fee Simple Fee Taile or for tearme of Life Lives or Yeares, as in the same sePall Letters Patentes Indentures and other Writings is menc&ned and declared: That to the intente the same Letter Patentes Indentures and other Writings may be of good avaleable and perfecte force and effecte to all and ev'ye your Highnes lovinge Subjectes, accordinge to the true meaninge and effecte of the same, It may please your moste excellent Majestie that it may be enacted by aucthoride of this p'sente Parliament, That as well all and singuler Letters Patentes Indentures and other Writings sealed under the Greate Seale of Englande, or under the Seale of the Dutchy of Lancaster, or the Seale of the Countie Paladne of Lancaster, heretofore made and graunted by your Highnes for any Sumes of Money or for and upon any other Considerac&ns sithence the saide eighthe day of February in the five and twenriethe yeare of your Highnes Reigne, as all other Letters Patentes hereafter to be made by your Highnes for any Sume or Sumes of Money or other Considerac&ns before the laste daye of this p^sente Session of Parliament, And moreover all other Letters Patentes within the space of one yeare nexte ensueinge to be made, by force of or accordinge to the true p'port or meaninge of the C5myssion under the Greate Seale of England now in beinge for Sale of your Highnes Landes to any Bodie Politike or Corporate or to any other pson or psons whatsoev5, of any Honnors Castles Mannors Lordshippes Granges Meses Landes Tenementf Medows Pastures Rentes Revisions Svices Woodes Advowsons Noiac&ns pronagf Annuities Rightes In?estes Entries Condic&ns Leetes Courtes Lifeties Priviledgf Franchises, or of any other Hereditamentes, with their Appurten*ncf or of any parte or parcell of them, sealed withe or under the Greate Seale of Englande or under the Seale of the Dutchy of Lancastr or the Seale of the Countie Palatine of Lancastr, of whatsoeP kinde nature or qualitie they or any of them be or shalbe reputed knowen or taken, withe their Appurten*nces or any parte or parcell of them, shalbe good perfecte and effcuall in the Lawe, and shall stande be taken reputed deemed and adjudged good perfecte sure availeable and effCuall in the Lawe, againste your Highnes your Heires and Successors, accordinge to the tenor and effecte of the said Letters Patentes Indentures or other Writings, the same to be expounded construed deemed and adjudged moste beneficiallie for the Patentees and [Grauntes1 of the same and theire Heires Assignes Executors and Administrators, accordinge unto the Wordes and P'porte of ev'ye of the saide Letters Patentes Indentures or other Writings, without any Confirmad&n Licence or TolleraC&n of your Highnes your Heires or Successors; any misnaminge misrecitall or non recitall of any the same Honnors Castles Mannors Landes Tenementf and other the pmisses or of any parcell thereof, or any lacke of fyndinge of Offices or Inquisic&ns of and in the pmisses or any parte thereof, whereby the Title of your Highnes therein oughte to have bene founde before the makinge of the same Letters Patentes Indentures or other Writings, or any misrecitall or non recitall of Leases thereof made aswell of Recorde as not of Recorde, or any misrecitall nonrecitall or not true mencioninge in any suche Lettres Patentes Grantes or Writings of your Majesties owne Estate or Estates, either of Freeholde or Inheritance of or in the pmisses or any parte thereof, whereunto your Majestie hathe bene sithence the beginninge of your Reigne or hereafter shal be intitled by any Attainder Escheate Conveiance or Assurance whatsoev1, and in whiche Letters Patentes Grantes or Writings noe Estate Taile formerlie made or supposed to be made have bene or shalbe recited, and the Revision or Remainder thereupon expectant in the same Letters Patentes Grauntes or Writings graunted or menc&ed to be graunted, or any lacke of the c’taintie miscasdnge ratinge or settinge for the of the yeerelie value and rate of the ^misses, or of the yearelie Rentes reserved of and for the ptanisses, or any parcell thereof menc&ed or conteyned in any of the saide Letters Patentes or f ■) Writinges, or for that the pknysses be or any parte thereof is valued at a more or lesse value in the saide Letters Patentes or Writinges then the saide Mannors Landes Tenementf and other the pknisses then weare or shalbe in yeerelie value, or any misnaminge or not true naminge of the Townes Hamlettes Parishes or Counties where the same Honnors Mannors Landes Tenementf Rentes Hereditamentf and other the pknysses, and e9y parcell thereof or any parcell thereof, lien or bene, or any lacke of the true naminge of the Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf, or of the natures kindes sortes qualities or quantities of the saide Possessions or Hereditamentf or any parcell thereof, or any lacke of the true naminge of the Corporaf&n, or any lacke of the Attomement Liv*y or Seizen, or of any mysnaminge of any the late Tenantes or Farmers of the same Honnors Mannors Landes Terites and Hereditamentf or any parte thereof soe solde graunted or given, or of any mysnamynge of suche pson or p6ons Bodies Politicke or Corporate as at any tyme before the makinge of suche Letters Patentes were or shalbe Owners of the ^misses or of any parte thereof, to the cont*rie notwithstandinge.

Provided that this Acte nor any thynge therein conteyned shall not extend to make any Letters Patentes of any Office or Offices, to be of any other effecte force or strengthe then the same Letters Patents were or shoulde have bene before the makinge of this Acte.

■ Grauntees 0.

* other 0.


A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 1.

961

Providbd also. That all and singuler such Patentees Grauntees and Donees, and everie of them, whiche at any tyme heretofore sithence the saide eighte day of February have obteined and gotten of your Highnes, or at any tyme hereafter before the laste day of this Session of Parliament or within the space of one yeare then nexte ensuyinge shall obteyne and gett of your Highnes, by waye of exchange or for any sume or sumes of Money or other Considerac&ns, any Letters Patentes of any Mannors Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf whatsoev5, whiche at the date of the saide Letters Patentes were or shalbe of better and more yerelie value to your Highnes, and soe answered in yerelie Rente and Farme, then was is or shalbe conteined mencoed and spified in any suche Letters Patentes, or in the particulars [and' ] Rates thereof made or to be made by any Auditour or Auditours Surveyor or Surveyours or other Officer, that then everie suche Patentee Grauntee or Donee, theire Heires Executors or Assignes and everie of them, within one yere next after Office or other due Proofe Order and Decree thereof made and had, or to be made or had within the space and tearme of ten yeares next after the end of this pfeente Session of Parliament, in the Courte of (*) Exchequer, shall content and pay unto your Highnes your Heires and Successors, for the same Overplus and more value of the same Mannors Landes Tentes and other Hereditamentf whatsoev* withe theire Appurten’ncf, so solde given graunted or exchanged as is aforcsaide, after the rate of threescore yeeres purchase, and accordinge to such yerelie value and rate as the same Manors Landes Teiites and other Hereditamentf whatsoev1 were of and were answered for, at the tyme of the makinge of any suche Letters Patentes soe made or to be made in maner and forme aforesaide; Any thinge conteyned in any suche Letters Patentes to the cont*rie in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided also. That this Acte or any Pviso therein conteyned shall not in any wise extende to confirme ratifie or make good any Lease or Leases, made or to be made by your Highnes for tearme of Life Lives or for Yeeres, whereupon the oulde and accustomed Rents or more, or asmuche in value or more pportionablie for the Landes and Tenementf soe demised or to be demised, be not or hereafter shall not be reserved and yeerelie payable duringe the time and tearme of everie suche Lease; Nor that this psent Acte shall in any wise extend to revive and make good any Letters Patentes made of any Office or Offices to any Comptroller, Customer, Aulneger, Searcher, nor to any Letters Patentes of the graunte of any other Office or Offices heretofore graunted or made by your Highnes, whiche now be or at any tyme heretofore have beene adnihilated determyned or made voide, by Judgment, by authoritie of Parliament, or by Decree; Nor to any Patentes to be made to any pson or psons, for tearme of Yeeres or duringe the minoritie of any Heire, of any Mannors Landes or Tenementf whereof any trapse hereafter shall be tendred, within three monethes after any Office founde and certified into your Highnes Courtes of Recorde; ne to make any Letters Patentes made by your Highnes of any Office or Offices to be of any other Effecte Force or Strengthe then the same Letters Patentes were or shoulde have bene before the makinge of this Acte.

Provided also. That this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend to any Letters Patentes, or any Gifte or Graunte therein conteyned, whiche at any tyme heretofore have bene or hereafter before the laste day of this psent Session of Parliament shalbe made by your Highnes to any pson or psons, of any Manors Landes Tenementf Rentes RePsions §vices or other Hereditamentf, by force of any Information Suite or Suggestion made or to be made to your Highnes, that the same Mannors Landes Tenementf and other Hereditamentf soe conteyned in any suche Letters Patentes were concealed Lands, or that the same or the Pfyttf thereof were unjustlie witheholden from your Highnes; but that the same Letters Patentes and epye of them shall stande remaine and bee in the same Force Strengthe and Effecte as they were before the makinge of this Acte; Any thinge in this Acte mencoed to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And yet nePtheles be it declared and enacted by aucthoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That noe Letters Patentes nor any Gifte or Graunte in them conteyned, made or to bee made by Warrante of your Majesties Comissioners authorized toe make [Composic&n1 ] withe your Highnes Subjectes for new Letters Patentes or Grauntes to be made unto them, are or ought to be taken or shal be deemed and taken to be made by force of any Informac&n Suite or Suggestion, that the Mannors Landes Tenementf or other Hereditaments conteyned in the same Letters Patentes were concealed Landes; but that they and ePy of them shalbe within the full meaninge of this Acte, to be fortified and made good as other Letters Patentes, made without any Suggestion or Information of Concealmente or unjust witheholdinge, bene.

Phovided alwaies, That this Acte nor any thinge herein conteined shall extend or be taken to make good any Letters Patentes Indentures or other Writings, or any Graunte in them or any of them conteyned, which heretofore have bene adjudged or decreede to be voide in any of your Majesties Courtes of Recorde at Westiii, or by Acte of Parliament; nor to make good any Letters Patentes, or any Graunte in them or any of them contained, of or conPninge Licences Powers or Priviledgf comonlie called Monopolies; nor to make good any Letters Patentes or Grantes of or conSiinge Power Licence Libtie or Authoritie given for execution of any penall Statute or Statutes, or for tollerac&n or Dispensac&n of to or withe any Offence phibited by any penall Statute or Statutes; nor to make good any Letters Patents to William Kirkeham Gentleman, or to any other by his 4‘curement, concninge whiche there hathe bene any Acte of Parliament made heretofore, or any Suite in your Majesties Courte of Star Chamber or Chauncerie.

Savinge to all and everie other Pson or Psons Bodies Politique and Corporate their Heires and Successors and ePy of them, all suche Righte Title InPeste Possession Estate Leases Rentes § vices Comons, and all other Pfyttes and Comodities whatsoep, as they or any of them should or myghte have had before the Letters Patentes thereof made, if this Acte had never bene had ne made; Any thinge therein conteyned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

1 or 0.

•the 0.

* Composicons 0.

Voi-. IV.

11 M

D|

IV.

Pronto for Satisfaction, by Grantees of Lands, being of greater Value than specified in their Grants,

6o Years Purchase.

V.

Not to extend to Leases at less than usual Rents;

nor to Grants of Offices abolished;

nor to Grants of Lands of Heirs, kc. traversed. Sic. nor to enlarge Grants of Ollicet.

VI.

Not to extend to Grants of concealed Lands.

VII.

Proviso for Patents made by Warrants of Commissioners on Compositions.

VIII.

Not to extend to Patents adjudged void;

nor to Grants of Monopolies, or Dispensation from penal Statutes, &c.

IX.

General Saving for Titles of Strangers.

MB

962

43° Eliz. c. 1, 2.

A.D. 1601.

x.

Proviso for Estates Tad, not recited.

Xi.

Not to extend to certain Lands granted to Francis Earl of Shrewsbury by Letters Patent, a* November,

33 Hen. VIII.

XII.

Not to confirm any Lease to the Queen by Bishop of Carlisle, not inrolled.

(*) Provided allwaies, That this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend to make good or avaielable in Law any Letters Patentes or Graunt of the pmysses or any parte thereof, whereof there was or shalbe any good and lawful Estate Taile heretofore made by your Majestie or any of your Progenitors, or hereafter to be made by your Majestie, unlesse suche Estate Taile be dulie recited.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That neither this Acte nor any thinge therein conteyned shall extende to make good any Letters Patentes heretofore made by your Majestie, sithence the five and twentiethe yeare of your Highnes Reigne, to any pson or psons and theire Heires, for and concninge the Mannors Granges Landes Tenement? Tithes and other Hereditamentes whatsoev5, sett lyinge and beinge in the several Parishes of Bakewell and [ Harrington1 ] in the Countie of Derbie, and in the sevall Parishes of Rowcester alias Rocester and Blower in the County of Staff, mencioned or intended to have bene conveied unto Frauncis late Earle of Shrewsburie by the late Kynge of famous memorie Kynge Henrie the Eighte, by his Highnes Letters Patentes bearinge date at Westfti the two and twentiethe day of November in the three and thirtiethe yeare of the Reigne of the saide late Kinge; but, for and con?ninge all other Mannors Landes Tentes and Hereditamentf conteyned in any such Letters Patentes made since the saide five and twentiethe yeare of your Majesties Reigne, the same shalbe within the Remedie and Provisions of this psent Acte of Parliament, accordinge to the p'porte true intente and meaninge of the same.

Provided alwaies, That neither this Acte nor any thinge therein conteined shall extende to the ratifyinge or makinge good of any Lease made by John Maye, late Bishoppe of Carliell deceased, to your Majestie, whiche was not enrolled before the firste day of [the1 ] Session of Parliament.

Churchwardens and others shall be yearly named Overseers of

the Poor;

to set poor Children, &c. to work

and to raise a Stock for that Purpose

and Money for Relief of impotent Poor ; and for apprenticing Children:

shall meet monthly;

and shall account yearly, and pay over Balance in hand:

Penalty for Absence or Neglect, 2os.

II.

Justices may make Rates in aid of Parishes not able to relieve their own Poor.

CHAPTER IL An Acte for the Releife of the Poore.

BEE it enacted by the Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That the Churchwardens of everie Parish, and sower three or two substanciall Housholders there as shalbe thoughte meete, havyng respecte to the pporcbn and greatnes of the same Parishe [or 4 ] Parishes, to be noiated yearelie in Easter Weeke or within one monethe after Easter, under the Hande and Seale of two or more Justices of the Peace in the same Countie, whereof one to be of the Quop, dwellinge in or neere the same Parishe or Division where the same Parishe doth lie, shalbe called Overseers of the Poore of the same Parishe: And they or the greater parte of them shall take order from tyme to tyme, by and withe the consent of two or more suche Justices of Peace as is aforesaide, for settinge to worke of the Children of all suche whose Parentes shall not by the saide Churchwardens and Overseers or the greater parte of them bee thoughte able to keepe and maintaine theire Children; And alsoe for settinge to worke all such psons maried or unmaried havinge no meanes to maintaine them, use no ordinarie and dailie trade of lief to get their livinge by; and also to raise weekelie or otherwise, by Taxacon of ePy Inhabitant Parson Vicar and other, and of ev’y Occupier of Landes Houses Tithes impropriate or Propriacons of Tythes, Colemynes or saleable Underwoods, in the saide Parishe in such competent sume and sumes of Money as they shall thincke fytt, a convenient Stocke of Flaxe Hempe Wooll Threed Iron and other necessarie Ware and Stuffe to sett the Poore on worke; And alsoe competent sumes of Money for and towardes the necessarie Releife of the lame impotente olde blinde and suche other amonge them beinge poore and not able to work, and alsoe for the puttinge out of suche Children to be Apprentices, to be gathered out of the same Parishe accordinge to the Abilitie of the same Parishe; and to doe and execute all other things aswell for the disposinge of the saide Stocke as otherwise con&iinge the pmisses as to them shall seeme convenient: Whiche saide Churchwardens and Overseers soe to be noiated, or suche of them as shall not be lett by sicknes or other juste excuse to be allowed by two suche Justices of Peace or more as is aforesaide, shall meete together at the leaste once everie monethe in the Churche of the saide Parishe, upon the Sunday in the Afternoone after Divine Service, there to consider of some good course to be taken and of some meete order to be set downe in the p’mysses, and shall within fouer daies after the ende of their yeare and after other OvWrs noiated as aforesaide, make and yeelde up to suche two Justices of Peace as is aforesaide a true and pfect Accounte of all sumes of Money by them receaved, or rated and sessed and not received, and also of suche Stocke as shalbe in theire Handes or in the Handes of any of the Poore to worke, and of all other things concninge their saide Office; and suche sume or sumes of Money as shalbe in theire Handes shall pay and deliver over to the saide Churchwardens and Overseers newlie noiated and appointed as aforesaide; upon payne that everie one of them absentingc themselves withoute lawfull cause as is aforesaide from such monethlie Meetinge for the p'pose aforesaide, or beinge negligent in theire Office or in the execuc&n of the Orders aforesaide, being made by and withe the assent of the saide Justices of Peace or any two of them before mencioned, to forfeite for everie suche defaulte of absence or negligence Twentie Shillingf.

And be it alsoe enacted, That if the saide Justices of Peace doe pceive that the Inhabitantf of any Parishe are not able to levie amonge themselves sufficient sumes of Money for the purposes aforesaide, That then the saide two Justices shall and may taxe rate and assesse as aforesaide any other of other Parishes, or oute of any Parishe within the Hundred where the saide Parishe is, to pay such sume and sumes of Money to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the saide poore Parishe for the saide p'poses, as the saide Justices shall thinke fytt, accordinge to the intent of this Law:

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

- Harrington O. * this 0. * and O.


A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 2.

963

And if the saide Hundred shall not be thoughte to the saide Justices able and fitt to reletve the saide sePall Parishes not able to pvide for themselves as aforesaide, then the Justices of Peace at theire geSall Quarter Sessions, or the greater number of them, shall rate and assesse as aforesaide any other of other Parishes, or out of any Parishe within the said Countie, for the p'poses aforesaide, as in their discrecion shall seeme fitt. And that it shall be lawfull aswell for the psent as subsequent Churchwardens and Overseers or any of them, by Warrant from any two suche Justices of Peace as is aforesaide, to levie aswell the saide sumes of Money, and all Arrerages, of ePy one that shall refuse to contribute accordinge as they shalbe assessed, by Distresse and Sale of the Offendore Goodes, as the sumes of Money or Stocke whiche shalbe behinde upon any Accompte to be made as aforesaide, rendringe to the parties the Opplus; and in defecte of such distresse it shalbe lawfull for any suche two Justices of the Peace to comitt hym or them to the comon Gaole of the Countie, there to remaine without Baile or Mainprise untill payment of the said Sume Arrerages and Stocke: And the saide Justices of Peace or any (1) of them to sende to the House of Correction or comon Gaole suche as shall not employ themselves to worke, beinge appoynted thereunto as aforesaide: And also any two suche Justices of Peace to comitt to the saide Prison e9y one of the saide Churchewardens and Overseers whiche shall refuse to accompt, there to remaine without Baile or Maineprise untill he have made a true Accompte and satisfied and paide soe much as upon the saide Accompt shall be remayninge in his handes.

And be it further enacted That it shalbe lawfull for the saide Churchwardens and Overseers, or the greater parte of them, by the assent of any two Justices of the Peace aforesaide, to binde any suche Children as aforesaide to be apprentices, where they shall see convenient, till suche Man childe shall come to the age of sower and twentie yeares, and suche Woman childe to the age of one and twenty yeares, or the tyme of her mariage; the same to be as effectuall to all p'poses as if suche Childe were of full Age, and by Indenture of Covenant bounde hym or her selfe.

And to the intent that necessarie places of Habitacftn may more convenientlie be pvided for suche poore impotent people, Be it enacted by the authorise aforesaide, That it shall and may be lawfull for the saide Churchewardens and Overseers, or the greater part of them, by the leave of the Lorde or Lordes of the Mannour whereof any Waste or Comon within theire Parishe is or shalbe parcell, and upon agreement before withe hym or them made in writinge under the Handes and Seales of the saide Lorde or Lordes, or otherwise according to any order to be set downe by the Justices of Peace of the saide Countie at their Generali Quarter Sessions, or the greater parte of them, by like leave and agreement of the said Lorde or Lordes in writinge under his or theire Handes and Seales, to erecte builde or sett up in fyt and convenient places of Habitacbn in suche Waste or Comon, at the geQall Chardges of the Parishe or otherwise of the Hundred or Countie as aforesaide, to be taxed rated and gathered in manner before explssed, convenient Howses of Dwellinge for the said impotent Poore, and alsoe to place Inmates or more Families then one in one Cottage or House; One Acte made in the one and thirtiethe yeare of her Majesties Riegne, intituled An Acte against the erectinge and mayntaininge of Cottages, or any thinge therein conteined, to the contrarie notwithstandinge

Whiche Cottages and Places for Inmates shall not at any tyme after be used or employed to or for any other Habitac&n, but onely for impotent and poore of the same Parishe, that shalbe there placed from tyme to tyme by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of the same Parishe, or the moste parte of them; upon the Paines and Forfeitures contained in the saide former Acte made in the saide one and thirtiethe yeare of her Majesties Raigne.

Provided alwaies, That if any pson or psons shall finde themselves grieved withe any Sesse or Taxe or other Appe»l Igiinit Acte done by the said Churchwardens and other psons, or by the saide Justices of Peace, that then it shall be Run, &c. to the lawfull for the Justices of Peace at theire Generali Quarter Sessions, or the greater number of them, to take Quarter Seuion*. suche order therein as to them shalbe thoughte convenient, and the same to conclude and bynde all the saide parties.

And be it further enacted, That the Father and Grandfather, and the Mother and Grandmother, and the Children, of Poor eyerie poore olde blinde lame and impotente pson, or other poore pson not able to worke, beinge of a sufficient abilide, maintained by shall at their owne Chardges releive and maintaine everie suche poore pson, in that manner and accordinge to that or children! rate, as by the Justices of the Peace of that Countie where suche sufficient psons dwell, or the greater number of them, Pfn^y *<*• at their geSall Quarter Sessions shalbe assessed; upon paine that everie one of them shall forfeite Twentie shillingf for PCr °nt " ePie monethe whiche they shall faile therein.

And be it further herebie enacted, That the Maiors Bailifs or other Head Officers of everie Towne and Place Autho^[I Corporate and Citie within this Realme, beinge Justice or Justices of Peace, shall have the same authoritie by vertue Officers in of this Acte within the limits and p>cincts of their Jurisdictions, as well out of Sessions as at theire Sessions, C0'?01’110"11: if they hould any, as is herein limited pscribed and appointed to Justices of the Peace of the Countie, or any two or more of them, or to the Justices of Peace in their Quarter Sessions, to doe and execute for all the uses and p'poses in this Acte pscribed, and noe other Justice or Justices of Peace to enter or meddle there; And that everie and of Aldermen Alderman of the Citie of London within his Warde shall and may doe and execute in everie respecte so muche as is appointed and allowed by this Acte to be done and executed by one or two Justices of Peace of any Countie within this Realme.

Overseen may levy Ratei and Arrean, See. by Dittreti,

Sec.

Justicet may commit Persona refuting to work s and Overaeera refuting to account, Sec.

III.

Overteen may bind poor Children Apprentices.

IV.

Overteen may,with Consent of Lord of Manor, build Houses on the Watte for the impotent Poor;

and place Inmates there;

See 31 Eliz. e. 7.

of London.

VIII.

And be it also enacted, That if it shall happen any Parishe to extend it selfe into more Counties then one, or part Provj|0 whrrc to lie within the Libties of any Citie Towne or Place Corporate, and parte without, that then as well the Justices of the Parish extends into Peace of ev’ye Countie as also the Heade Officers of suche Citie Towne or Place Corporate, shall deale and entermeddle Liber^M &c!’ onelie in soe muche of the saide Parishe as liethe within their Libties, and not any further; And everie of them

1 one 0.


■MS

Origin I from

964

43° Eliz. c. 2.

A.D. 1601.

IX.

Penalty on Justices, Icc. for Neglect in nominating Overseers, £y

X.

Levying and Application of Penalties.

A certain weekly Hate to be made on each Parish by Justices, leviable by Distress, &c.

XII.

Sums applicable by Justices to Relief of Prisoners in King's Bench Prison, &c.

payable to High Constable, and Dy him to a Treasurer, &c.

and by the Treasurer to the Chief Justice.

Penalty for Neglect in Payment, &c. 208.

respectivelie within their sev’all Limyts Wardes and Jurisdice&ns to execute the Ordinances before mentioned, concerninge the noyacion of OvWrs, the consent to bindinge Apprentices, the giving Warrante to levie Taxacbns unpaide, the takinge accompte of Churchwardens and Overseers, and the comittinge to prison suche as refuse to accompte, or deny to pay the Arrerages due upon theire Accomptes; And yet nev^theles, the said Churchewardens and OvWrs, or the moste parte of them of the saide Parishes that doe extende into suche sev*all Limits and Jurisdic£6ns, shall withoute dividinge themselves, dulie execute their Office in all places within the saide Parishe in all Thinges to them belonginge, and shall dulie exhibite and make one Accompte before the saide Head Officer of the Towne or Place Corporate, and one other before the saide Justices of Peace, or any such two of them as is aforesaide.

And further be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if in any place within this Realme there happen to be hereafter no suche noiac&n of Overseers yearlie as is before appoynted, that then everie Justice of Peace of the Countie, dwellinge within the Division where suche defaulte of Nolacbn shall happen, and everie Maior Alderman and Head Officer of Citie Towne or Place Corporate where such defaulte shall happen, shall lose and forfeit for ev*ye suche defaulte Five pounde ; to be imployed towardes the Releife of the Poore of the saide Parishe or Place Corporate, and to be levied as aforesaide of their Goodes by warrant from the generall Sessions of the Peace of the saide Countie, or of the same Citie Towne or Place Corporate if they keepe Sessions.

And be it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, before mencioned in this Acte to be forfeited by any pson or psons, shall goe and be employed to the use of the Poore of the same Parishe, and towardes a Stocke and Habitation for them, and other necessarie uses and releife, as before in this Acte are menc6ed and expssed; and shalbe levied by the saide Churchwardens and Overseers, or one of them, by warrant from any two suche Justices of Peace, or Maior Alderman or Head Officer of Citie Towne or Place Corporate respectivelie within their severall Limits, by distresse and sale thereof as aforesaide, or in defecte thereof it shalbe lawfull for any two suche Justices of Peace, and the saide Aldermen and Head Officers, within their se9all Limits, to comit the Offender to the saide Prison, there to remaine without Baile or Maineprise till the saide Forfeitures shalbe satisfied and paide.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That the Justices of Peace of everie Countie or Place Corporate, or the more parte of them, in their generall Sessions to be holden next after the Feaste of Easter next, and so yearelie as often as they shall thincke meete, shall rate everie Parishe to such a weekelie sume of mony as they shall thincke convenient, soe as no Parishe be rated above the sume of sixe pence, nor under the sume of a Halfepennie weekelie to be paide, and so as the totall sume of such Taxacon of the Parishes in everie Countie amounte not above the rate of Two pence for everie Parishe within the said Countie; Whiche sDmes soe taxed shalbe yearelie assessed by the Agreement of the Parishioners within themselves, or in default thereof by the Churchwardens and Pettie Constables of the same Parishe, or the more parte of them, or in defaulte of theire Agremente, by the order of suche Justice or Justices of Peace as shall dwell in the same Parishe, or (if none be there dwellinge) in the partes next adjoyninge; And if any pson shall refuse or neglect to pay any suche porc6n of Money soe taxed, it shalbe lawful for the saide Churchwardens and Constables, or any of them, or in theire default, for any Justice of Peace of the saide limitt to levie the same by distresse and sale of the Goods of the partie soe refusinge or neglectinge, rendringe to the partie the overplus, and in defaulte of such distresse, it shalbe lawfull to any Justice of that limitt to comitt suche pson to the saide Prison, there to abide withoute Baile or Maineprise till he have paide the same.

And be it also enacted, That the saide Justices of the Peace, at their geSall Quarter Sessions to be holden at the tyme of such Taxac&n, shall set downe what competent sumes of Money shall be sent quarterlie out of everie Countie or Place Corporate, for the Releife of the poore Prisoners of the Kings Benche and Marshalsey, and also of suche Hospitals and Almeshouses as shalbe in the said Countie, and what sumes of money shall be sent to everie of the saide Hospitals and Almeshouses, soe as there be sent out of every Countie yeerelie Twentie shillingf at the leaste to eache of the saide Prisons of the Kings Benche and Marshalsey; whiche sumes, ratablie to be assessed upon everie Parishe, the Churchewardens of everie Parishe shall trulie collect and pay over to the Highe Constables in whose Division suche Parishe shalbe scituate, from tyme to tyme, quarterlie ten daies before the ende of everie Quarter; and everie suche Constable at everie suche Quarter Sessions in suche Countie, shall pay over the same to suche two Treasurers, or to one of them, as [shall’ ] by the more parte of the Justices of Peace of the Countie be elected to be the saide Treasurers, to be chosen by the Justices of Peace of the saide Countie Citie or Towne or Place Corporate, or of others which were sessed and taxed at five pounde Landes or Tenne pounde Goodes at the leaste, at the Taxe of Subsedie nexte before the tyme of the saide Election to be made; and the saide Treasurers soe elected to continue for the space of one whole yeare in theire office, and then to give up their chardge with a due accompte of their Receiptes and Disbursements, at the Quarter Sessions to be holden nexte after the Feaste of Easter in everie yeare, to suche others as shall from yeare to yeare in forme aforesaid successivelie be elected Tresurers for the saide Countie Citie Towne or Place Corporate; whiche saide Treasurers, or one of them, shall pay over the same to the Lorde Chiefs Justice of England, and Knighte Marshall for the tyme beinge, equallie to be divided to the use aforesaide, takinge their Acquittance for the same, or in defaulte of the saide Chiefs Justice, to the next ancientest Justice of the Kings Benche as aforesaide; And if any Churchwarden or Highe Constable, or his Executors or Adminystrators, shall faile to make payment in forme above spified, then everie Churchwarden his Executors or Admynystrators so offendinge, shall forfeite for everie tyme, the sume of Tenne shillings, and epy Highe Constable his Executors or Admynystrators shall forfeite for everie tyme, the sume of Twentie shillings; the same Forfeitures, together withe the sumes behynde, to be levied by the saide Treasurer and Treasurers by way of Distresse and Sale of the Goodes as aforesaide in forme aforesaide, and by them to be employed towardes the charitable uses comprised in this Acte.

1 shalbe 0.; but erroneously

Go

A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 2.

965

And be it further enacted, That all the Surplusage of Money whiche shalbe remainynge in the saide Stocke of any Countie, shall by discrecion of the more parte of the Justices of the Peace in their Quarter Sessions, be ordered distributed and bestowed for the Reliefe of the poore Hospitals of that Countie, and of those that shall susteine Losses by Fire Water the Sea or other casualties, and to suche other charitable p'poses for the Releife of the Poore as to the more parte of the saide Justices of Peace shall seeme convenient.

And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer elected shall wilfullie refuse to take upon hym the saide Office of Treasurershippe, or refuse to distribute and give Releife, or to accounte accordinge to suche forme as shalbe appointed by the more parte of the saide Justices of Peace, That then it shalbe lawfull for the Justices of Peace in their Quarter Sessions, or in their defaulte for the Justices of Assise at the Assises to be holden in the same Countie, to fyne the same Treasurer by their discrecion ; the same Fyne not to be under Three Pounde, and to be levied by sale of his Goodes and to be psecuted by any two of the saide Justices of Peace whom they shall authorise.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte shall not take effecte untill the Feaste of Easter nexte.

And be it enacted, That the Statute made in the nine and thirtiethe yeare of her Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte for the Releife of the Poore, shall continue and stand in force untill the Feaste of Easter nexte; And that all Taxacbns heretofore imposed and not paide, nor that shal be payed before the saide Feaste of Easter nexte, and that all Taxes hereafter before the saide Feast to be taxed by v’tue of the saide former Acte, whiche shall not be paide before the saide Feaste of Easter, shall and may after the saide Feaste of Easter be levied by the Overseers and other psons in this Acte respectivelie appointed to levie Taxac&ns by Distresse, and by suche warrant in everie respecte as if they had bene taxed and imposed by vertue of this Acte and were not paide.

Providbd alwaies, That whereas the Hand of Fowlenes in the Countie of Essex, beinge invironed withe the Sea, and havinge a Chappell of Ease for the Inhabitants thereof, and yet the saide Ilande is no Parishe, but the Landes in the same are scituated within divers Parishes farre distant from the saide Ilande: Bee it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That the saide Justices of Peace shall noiate and appointe Inhabitantes within the saide Hand, to be Overseers for the poore People dwellinge within the saide Hand ; and that bothe they the saide Justices and the saide Overseers shall have the same power and authoritie, to all Internes Considerac&ns and p'poses, for the execuc&n of the partes and articles of this Acte, and shalbe subjecte to the same paines and forfeitures, and likewise that the Inhabitantes and Occupiers of Landes their, shalbe liable and chargeable to the same Payments Chardges Expences and Orders, in suche manner and forme as if the same Ilande were a Parishe: In Consideracbn whereof, neither the saide Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lande within the saide Ilande shall not be compelled to contribute towardes the Releife of the Poore, of those Parishes wherein their Howses or Landes whiche they occupie within the saide Ilande are scituated, for or by reason of their saide Habitations or Occupyinges, other then for the Releife of the poore People within the saide Ilande, neither yet shall the other Inhabitants of the Parishes wherein suche Howses or Landes

are scituated, be compelled by reason of their Resiancie or Dwellinge to contribute to the Releife of the poore

Inhabitantf within the saide Ilande.

And be it further enacted, That if any Action of Trespas or other Suite shall happen to be attempted and broughte againste any pson or psons, for takinge of any Distresse makinge of any Sale or any other thinge doinge by Authoritie of this p*sente Acte, the Defendant or Defendants in any suche Action or Suite shall and may either pleade Not Guiltie, or otherwise make Avowrie Cognisance or Justification, for the takinge of the saide [[Distresses'] makinge of Sale or other thinge doinge by vertue of this Acte; alleaginge in suche Avowrie Cognisance or Justificacbn that the saide Distresse Sale Trespas or other thinge whereof the Plaintife or Plaintife complained, was done by Authoritie of this Acte, and accordinge to the tenor p'porte and effecte of this Acte, withoute any expssinge or rehearsall of any other matter of circumstance contained in this p'sente Acte; To which Avowrie Cognisance or Justificacbn the Plaintife shalbe admitted to replie, that the Defendant did take the saide Distresse, made the said Sale, or did any other Acte or

Trespas supposed in his Declarac&n, of his owne wronge, without any suche cause alleaged by the saide Defendant;

whereupon the Issue in everie such Action shal be joyned, to be tried by Verdict of Twelve men and not otherwise, as is accustomed in other psonall Accons: And upon the triall of that Issue the whole matter to be given on bothe parties in Evidence accordinge to the verie truethe of the same; And after such Issue tried for the Defendant, or Nonsuit of the Plaintife after Appearance, the same Defendant to recover Treble Damages, by reason of his wrongfull vexac&n in that behalfe, withe his Costs also in that parte susteyned, and also that to be assessed by the same Jurie or Writt to enquire of the Damages, as the same shall require.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte shall endure no longer then to the ende of the nexte Session of Parliament.

1 distresse 0.

XIII.

Distribution of Surplus of Money raised.

XIV. Penalty on Treasurer refusing to act.

XV. Commencement of Act.

XVI.

Stat. 39 Eliz. c. J-shall remain

in force until Commencement of this Act.

XVII. For appointing Overseers, See. on the Island of Fowlenesse, in Essex.

XVIII. General Issue may be pleaded in Actions for Distresses, 8cc. under this Act.

XIX. Continuance of this Act.


II N


966

43° Eliz. c. 3.

A.D.\60\.

35 Eliz. c.4. 39 Eliz. c. ai. repealed.

Weekly Rates shall be raised in every Parish for that Purpose 5

leviable by Distress.

III. Churchwardens shall collect Rates, and pay them to High Constables, and they, at the Sessions, to the Treasurers, See.

Penalty on Churchwardens, &c. for Neglect of Duty.

Fine upon Treasurer not accounting.

IV.

For distributing such Relief to disabled Soldiers and Mariners by Pensions, payable quarterly by Treasurers, &c.

CHAPTER HI.

An Acte for the necessarie Releife of Souldiers and Mariners.

TT THERE AS in the five and thirtithe yeare of the Queues Majesties Reigne that now is, an Acte was made, V v intituled An Acte for the necessarie Releife of Souldiers and Marriners; And whereas in the nyne and thirteithe yeare of her Majesties Reigne there was alsoe made another Acte, intituled An Acte for the further Continuance and Explanacbn of the saide former: Be it enacted by Authoride of this p>sent Parliament, That bothe the saide Actes shalbe and continue in force untill the Feaste of Easter next, and shal be from and after the saide Feaste discontinued.

And Forasmuche as it is now founde more needfull then it was at the makinge of the saide Acts, to provide Reliefe and Maintenance to Souldiers and Marriners that have loste their Lymmes and disabled their Bodies in the Defence and Service of her Majestie and the State, in respecte the number of the saide Souldiers is soe muche the greater by how muche her Majesties juste and honourable defensive Warn are increased: To the end therefore that they the saide Souldiers and Marriners may reape the Fruites of their good deservings, and others may be incouraged to pforme the like Endevours; Be it enacted by Authoride of this p>sent Parliament, That from and after the saide Feast of Easter next, everie Parishe within this Realme of Englande and Wales, shal be charged to pay weekelie suche a sume of Money towardes the Reliefe of sicke hurte and maimed Souldiers and Mariners that soe have bene as afore is saide, or shall loose their Lymes or disable their Bodies, havinge bene prest and in pay for her Majesties Service, as by the Justices of Peace or the more parte of them in their generall Quarter Sessions to be holden in their se9all Counties next after the Feaste of Easter next, and soe from tyme to tyme at the like Quarter Sessions to be holden next after the Feaste of Easter yerelie shalbe appoynted; soe as no Parishe be rated above the sume of tenne Pence nor under the sume of Two Pence weekelie to be paide, and soe as the totall sume of such TaxacSn of the Parishes, in any Countie where their shalbe above Fiftie Parishes, doe not exceed the Rate of Sixe Pence for everie Parishe in the same Countie; whiche sumes soe taxed shalbe yeerelie assessed by the Agreements of the Parishioners within themselves, or in defaulte thereof by the Churchewardens and the pety Constables of the same Parishe or the more parte of them, or in default of their Agreement by the Order of suche Justices or Justice of Peace as shall dwell in the same Parishe, or if none be there dwellinge, in the partes next adjoyninge; And if any pson shall refuse or neglect to pay any suche Porcon of Money soe taxed, it shalbe lawfull for the saide Churchwardens and pety Constables and everie of them, or in their defaults for the saide Justices of Peace or Justice, to levye suche sume by Distresse and Sale of the Goods or Chattels of the Party soe refusinge or neglectinge, rendringe to the partie the Opplus raised upon suche Sale.

And for the collectinge and custodie of the sumes taxed in forme aforesaid, Be it enacted, That the Churchwardens and pety Constables of everie Parishe shall trulie collecte everie suche sume, and the same shall pay over unto the Highe Constables in whose Division suche Parishe shalbe situate, Tenne Dayes before the Quarter Sessions to be holden next before or aboute the Feaste of the Nativitie of Saint John Baptiste nexte, in the Countie where the saide Parishe shall be scituate, and soe from tyme to tyme quarterlie within Tenne Dayes before everie Quarter Sessions; And that everie suche Highe Constable, at everie suche Quarter Sessions in suche Countie, shall pay over the same to two suche Justices of Peace or to one of them, or to two suche other psons or one of them as shalbe by the more parte of the Justices of "Peace of the same Countie elected to be Tresurers of the saide Collection, the same other psons to be eited Treasurers to be suche as at the laste Tax aeon of the Subsedy next before the same Elecc&n shalbe valued and sessed at Ten Pounds in Lands yeerelie or at Fifteene Pounds in Goods; whiche Tresurers in everie Countie so chosen shall continue but for the space of one whole yeere, and then give up their Charge, with a due Account of their Receipts and Disbursements, at their Meetinge in Easter Quarter Sessions, or within Tenne Daies after, to suche others as shall from yeere to yeere in the forme aforesaide successivelie be elected : And if any Churchwarden petie Constable or Highe Constable, or his Executors or Admynystrators, shall faile to make payment in forme above spified, then everie Churchwarden and petye Constable, his Executors or Admynistrators, soe offendinge, shall forfeite the sume of Twentie Shillings; And everie Highe Constable, his Executors or Admynistrators, the sume of Fortie Shillings, to be levied by the Treasurers aforesaide by Distresse and Sale in manner before expssed, and to be taken by the saide Treasurers in augmentation of their Stocke to the uses aforesaide: And if any Treasurer, his Executors or Admynistrators, shall faile to give up his Account within the tyme aforesaide, or shalbe otherwise negligent in the Execut&n of his Charge, then it shall be lawfull for the more parte of the Justices of Peace of the same Countie in their Sessions to assesse suche Fyne upon suche Treasurer, his Executors or Admynistrators, as in their discrec&n shall seeme convenient, soe it be not under the sume of Five Pounds.

And for the true and juste Distribution and Imployment of the sumes so received accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte; Be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That everie Souldier or Mariner, havinge had his or their lymes loste or disabled in their Bodies by Service, being in her Majesties pay, as above is mencioned, or suche as shall hereafter retome into this Realme hurte or maimed or grevouslie sicke, shall repaire, if he be able to travell, and make his Complaint to the Treasurers of the Countie, out of whiche he was pressed, or if he weare no prest men, to the Treasurers of the Countie where he was borne or laste inhabited by the space of three yeeres, at his Election; and if he be not able to travell, to the Treasurers of the Countie where he shall land or arive; and shall bringe a


A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 3

96 7

Certificate unto any of the Treasurers aforesaide under the Hande and Seale of the GeSall of the Campe or GoPnour of the Towne wherein he served, and of the Captaine of the Bande under whome he served, or his Lieutenant, or in the absence of the said Generali or Governour, from the Marshall or Deputie of the GovVour, or from any Admirall of her Majesties Fleete, or in his Absence from any other GeSall of her Majesties Shippes at the Seas, or in Absence of suche GeSall, from the Captaine of the Shippe wherein the saide Marriners or Souldyers did serve the Quenes Majestye, containynge the particulars of his Hurtes and Services; whiche Certificate shalbe also allowed by the GeSall Muster Master for the tyme beinge, resident here within this Realme, or Receiver Generali of the Muster Rolles,- the Treasurer and Controller of her Majesties Navie, under his Hande, for the avoidinge of all Fraude and Counterfeiringe; Then upon suche Certificate suche Treasurers as are before expssed, shall accordinge to the nature of his Hurte, and Comendacbn of his service, assigne unto hym suche a porcbn of Reliefe as in their discrecftns shall seeme convenient for his p>sente necessetie, untill the nexte Quarter Sessions, at the whiche it shalbe lawfull for the more parte of the Justices of Peace under their Handes, to make an Instrument of Graunte of the same or like Releife, to endure as longe as this Acte shall stande or indure in force, if the same Souldier or Marriner shall soe longe live, and the same Pension not be dulie revoked or alPed, whiche shalbe a sufficient Warrant to all Treasorers for the same Countie to make payment of suche Pension unto suche psons quarterlie, excepte the same shalbe afterwarde by the saide Justices revoked or altered ; soe that suche Reliefe as shalbe assigned by suche Treasorers or Justices of Peace to any suche Souldier or Marriner, havinge not borne Office in the saide Warres, exceede not the sume in grosse nor yeerlie pension of ten poundes; nor to any that hathe borne Office under the degree of a Liuetenante, the sume of fifteene poundes ; nor to any that hathe served in the office of Lieutenant, the sume of twentie poundes : And yet nePthelesse it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Justices of Peace and others, havinge aucthoritie by this Acte to assigne Pensions to Souldiers and Marriners, upon any juste cause to revoke diminyshe or alter the same from tyme to tyme, accordinge to their discretions, in the GeSall Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or GeSall Assemblies for Citties or Townes Corporate, where the same Pension shalbe graunted.

And whereas it muste needes fall out that many of suche hurte and maymed Souldiers and Marriners doe arive in Portes and Places far remote from the Counties whence they are by vertue of this Acte to receive their yeerlie Anilities and Pensions j as also they are prescribed by this Acte to obtayne the Allowance of their Certificates from the Muster Maister or Receiver GeSall of the Muster Rolles, who comonlie is like to abide aboute the Courte or London, so as they shall neede at the firste pvision for the bearinge of their Charges to suche places: Be it therefore enacted, That it may be lawfull for the Treasurers of the Countie where they shall arrive, in their discreCSn upon their Certificate (though not allowed) to give them any convenient releife for their Journey, to carrie them to the nexte Countie, withe a Testimoniall of their Allowance, to passe on towardes suche a place; and in like manner shall it be lawfull for the Treasurer of the nexte Countie to doe the like; and soe from Counde to Countie (in the directe waye) rill they come to the place where they are directed to fynde their Maintenance, accordinge to the tenure of this Statute.

And for the better execucftn of this Acte in all the Branches thereof. Be it enacted, That everie the Treasurers in their se9all Counties shall keepe a true Booke of Computafftn of all suche sumes as they levie, and alsoe a Register of the names of everie suche pson unto whome they shall have disbursed any Releife; and shall also pserve or enter everie Certificate by warrante whereof suche Reliefe hathe bene by them disbursed ; And also that the Muster Maister or Receiver GeSall of the Muster Rolles shall keepe a Booke wherein shalbe entred the names of all suche whose Certificates shalbe by hym allowed, withe an Abstracte of their ctificates j and that everie Treasurer returning, or not acceptinge the Certificate broughte unto hym from the saide Muster Master, shall write and subscribe the cause of his not acceptinge or not allowinge thereof under the saide c?tificate, or on the backe thereof.

And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer shall wilfullie refuse to distribute and give any Releife accordinge to the forme of this Acte, that it shalbe lawful for the Justices of Peace in their Quarter Sessions to fyne such Treasurers by their discrec&ns as aforesaide; the same Fyne to be levyed by distresse and sale thereof, to be psecuted by any two of them whome they shall authorize.

And be it alsoe enacted, That everie Souldier or Mariner that shalbe taken beginge in any place within this Realme after the Feaste of Easter nexte, or any that shall counterfeite any Certificate in this Acte expssed, shall for ever lose his Annuirie or Pension, and shalbe taken deemed and adjudged as a comon Rogue or Yacabond pson, and shall have and sustayne the same and the like Paynes Imprisonment and Punyshment as is appointed and pvided for comon Rogues and vacabond psons.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That all the Surplusage of Money which shalbe remayninge in the Stocke of any Counrie, shall by the discrecbn of the more parte of the Justices of Peace in their Quarter Sessions, be ordered distributed and bestowed upon suche good and charitable uses and in suche forme as are limytted and appointed in the Statutes made and now in force conc’ninge Reliefe of the Poore and punyshment of Rogues and Beggers.

Provided alwaies, That the Justices of Peace within any Countie of this Realme or Wales shall not intromit or enter into any Cirie Borough Place or Towne Corporate, where is any Justice of Peace for any suche Citie Boroughe Towne or Place Corporate, for the execuc&n of any Article of this Acte ; but that it shalbe lawfull to the Justice and Justices of Peace Maiors Bayliffes and other head Officers, of those Cities Boroughes Places and Townes Corporate where


Quarter Sessions may revoke or alter Pensions.

V.

For relieving such Soldien while travelling to their proper County.

VL

County Treasurers, &c. shall keep Registers and Accounts, 8rc.

VII.

Treasurer refusing Relief may be fined.

vm.

Soldiers begging, Sec. shall forfeit their Pensions, dec.

IX.

Surplus shall be applied for Relief of the Poor.

X.

Proviso for executing this Act in Cities, dec.

968

43° Eliz. c. 3, 4.

A.D. 1601.

XI.

Application of Fine* on Treuurert, ic.

XII. Proviso for existing Pensions.

XIII. Proviao for Arrears of Rates.

XIV. Increasing Rates in London.

XV.

Continuance of Act.

Lands, Money, &c. given for certain charitable Uaes,not duly employed:

flieir is any Justice of Peace, to pceede to the execucftn of this Acte within the Predncte and Compasse of their Libties in suche manner as the Justices of Peace in any Countie may doe by vertue of this Acte: And that everie Justice of Peace within everie such Citye Boroughe Place or Towne Corporate for everie Offence by hym comitted cont*rie to the meaninge of this Statute, shalbe fineable as other Justices of Peace at the large in the Counties are in this Acte appointed to be: And that the Maior and Justices of Peace in everie suche Citie Boroughe Place and Towne Corporate shall have Authoritie, by this fPsent Acte, to appoynte any pson for the receivynge of the saide Money and payinge the same, within suche Citie Boroughe Place or Towne Corporate, whiche pson so appointed shall have Aucthoritie to doe all suche thinges and be subjecte to all such Penalties as Highe Constables by vertue of this Acte should have or be.

And be it enacted, That all Forfeitures to be forfeited by any Treasurer Collector Constable Churchwarden or other person, for any cause menc&ed in this Acte, shalbe imploied to the Releife of suche Souldiers and Marriners as are by this Acte appointed to take and have Releife ; And after that Releife satisfied, then the Ov*plus thereof, withe the OtPplus of the Stocke remainynge in any the saide Treasurers Handes, shalbe imploied as is before menc&ed to the charitable uses exposed in the saide Statutes conc’ninge the Releife of the Poore, and for punishmente of Rogues and Beggers j (excepte the saide Justices or the more parte of them shall thincke meete to reserve and keepe the same in Stocke, for the Mainetenance and Releife of suche Souldiers and Marriners as, out of the same Countie, may afterwarde be appointed to receive Releife and Pensions); And that the Releife appointed to be given by this Acte shalbe given to Soldiers and Marriners, out of the Countie or Place where they were pressed, soe farre for the as the Taxac&n limit ted by this Acte will extend: And if the whole Taxac&n there shalbe before imployed accordinge to the meaninge of this Acte, or that they shall not be preste men, then out of the place where they were borne or laste inhabited by the space of Three yeeres, at his or their Election.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That everie Pension, assigned heretofore to any Souldier or Marriner or that shalbe assigned before the saide Feaste of Easter nexte, notwithstandinge the discontynuance of the saide two former Actes, shall stande in force; and shall yeerelie, from and after the saide Feaste of Easter nexte, bee satisfied and payed out of suche Taxac&ns and Forfeitures as shalbe made collected and levied by force of this Acte, soe longe as the saide Pension shall remaine in force withoute suche revocaf&n or diminishinge as is before in this Acte menc&ed; whiche clause of revoca£&n or diminishinge before menc&ed shall extende as well to Pensions heretofore assigned as to suche as at any tyme hereafter, before or after the saide Feaste of Easter, shalbe assigned to any pson or psons.

And be it alsoe enacted, That all Arrerages of Taxac&ns, heretofore made by vertue of the sayde former Statutes or any of them, whiche shalbe or remaine at the saide Feaste of Easter nexte, uncollected and not received or levied, shall and maye by Aucthoride of this Acte be had received and levied by suche psons, and in such maner and forme as in everie respecte Taxac&ns made by vertue of this Acte are appointed to be collected received and levied, and shalbe imployed to the uses exfPssed in this Acte, and noe otherwise.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Aucthoride aforesaide, That if the saide Rate shall be thoughte not to be sufficient for the Reliefe of suche Souldiers and Marriners as shalbe to be releived within the Cide of London, that then it shall be lawfull for the Mayor Recorder and Aldermen of London or the more parte of them, to rate and taxe suche reasonable Taxe sume and sumes of Money for the saide Releife as shall be to them thoughte fitt and convenient; soe as such sume and sumes of Money soe to be rated doe not exceede Three Shilling^ weekelie out of any Parishe, and so as in the totall the sume shall not exceede or be under Twelve Pence weekelie out of everie Parishe one withe another within the saide Citie and the Libties thereof.

This Acte to indure to the ende of the next Session of Parliamente and no longer.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte to redresse the Misemployment of Landes Goodes and Stockes of Money heretofore given to

Charitable Uses.

WHEREAS (1) Landes Tenementf Rentes Annuities Pfittes Hereditamentes, Goodes Chattels Money and Stockes of Money, have bene heretofore given limitted appointed and assigned, as well by the Queenes moste excellent Majestie and her moste noble Progenitors, as by sondrie other well disposed psons, some for Releife of aged impotent and poore people, some for Maintenance of sicke and maymed Souldiers and Marriners, Schooles of Leaminge, Free Schooles and Schollers in UniPsities, some for Repaire of Bridges Portes Havens Causwaies Churches Seabankes and Highewaies, some for Educaf&n and pffermente of Orphans, some for or towardes Reliefe Stocke or Maintenance for Howses of Correcc&n, some for Manages of poore Maides, some for Supportacon Ayde and Helpe of younge Tradesmen, Handiecraftesmen and psons decayed, and others for releife or redemption of Prisoners or Captives, and for aide or ease of

1 divers 0.


A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c.4.

969

any pooreInhabitantfcon&iingepaymenteofFifteenes, settingeout ofSouldiers andotherTaxes, WhicheLandesTenements Rents Annuities Pfitts Hereditaments Goodes Chattells Money and Stockes of Money nev'theles have not byn imployed accordinge to the charitable intente of the givers and founders thereof, by reason of Fraudes breaches of Truste and Negligence in those that shoulde pay delyver and imploy the same : For Redresse and Remedie whereof, Be it enacted by Aucthoritie of this pfeente Parliament, That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Lorde Chauncellor or Keeper of the Greate Seale of Englande for the tyme beinge, and for the Chauncellor of the Dutchie of Lancaster for the tyme beinge for Landes within the Countie Palatine of Lancaster, from tyme to tyme to award Comissions under the Great Seale of Englande, or the Seale of the Countie Palatine as the case shall require, into all or any parte or partes of this Realme respectivelie, according to their sev*all Jurisdice&ns as aforesaide, to the Bishoppe of everie sev^all Diocesse and his Chanceller, in case there shalbe any Bishoppe of that Diocesse at the tyme of awardinge of the same Comissions, and to other psons of good and sounde behavior, authorisinge them therebie, or any sower or more of them, to inquire, as well by the Oathes of twelve lawfull Men or more of the Countie as by all other good and lawfull waies and menes, of all and smguler such Giftes Limitac&ns Assignements and Appoyntments aforesaide, and of the Abuses Breaches of Trustes Negligences Mysimploimentes, not imployinge concealinge defraudinge misconvertinge or misgovernemente, of any Landes Tenementes Rentes Annuities Profits Hereditaments Goods Chattels Money [and ' ] Stockes of Money heretofore given limitted appointed or assigned, or whiche hereafter shalbe given limitted appointed or assigned [assigned *], to or for arty the charitable and godlie uses before rehearsed : And after the saide Comissioners or any sower or more of them, upon callinge the parties intWsed in any suche Landes Tenementf Rentes Anuities Profits Hereditaments Goodes Chattels Money and Stockes of Money, shall make inquirie by the Oathes of twelve men or more of the saide Countie, whereunto the saide parties interested shall and maye have and take their lawfull challenge and challenges; and upon suche inquiry hearinge and exaiynge thereof set downe suche Orders Judgments and Decrees, as the saide Landes Tenements Rents Annuities Pfits Goods Chattels Money and Stockes of Money may be duelie and faithfullie imployed, to and for suche of the charitable uses and intents before rehearsed respectivelie, for whiche they were given limitted assigned or appointed by the Donors and Founders thereof: whiche Orders Judgements and Decrees, not beinge cont*rie or repugnante to the Orders Statutes or Decrees of the Donors or Founders, shall by the Authoritie of this psente Parliamente stand firme and good accordinge to the tenor and purporte thereof, and shalbe executed accordinglie, undll the same shalbe undon or altered by the Lorde Chancellor of Englande or Lorde Keeper of the Greate Seale of Englande, or the Chauncellor of the Countie Palatine of Lancaster, respec’ivelie within their severall Jurisdice&ns, upon complainte by any partie grieved, to be made to them.

Ibrd Chancellor, ke. shall iuue Commissions to Bishops, kc. to inquire into the Application of charitable Fundi ( Commissioner* map on such Inquiry make Order for Regulation thereof. Sec.

Provided alwaies, That neither this Acte, nor any thinge therein conteined, shall in any wise extende to any Landes Not to J , j w Tenements Rents Anuities Profits Goods Chattels Money or Stockes of Money, given limitted appointe or assigned, or Universities, whiche shalbe given limitted appointed or assigned, to any Colledge Hall or Howse of Learninge within the Univ'sities Cathedr*>tce-of Oxforde or Cambridge, or to the Colledges of Westmynster Eaton or Winchester, or any of them, or to any Cathedrall or Collegiate Churche within this Realme.

And pvided alsoe. That neither this Acte nor any thinge therein shall extende to any Citie or Towne Corporate, Not to extend to or to any the Landes or Tenements given to the uses aforesaide within any suche Citie or Towne Corporate, where there Corporation*, &c. is a speciall Governor or Governors, appointed to goveme or directe suche Landes Tenements or Things disposed to ^i*i'Governor* any the uses aforesaide; neither to any Colledge Hospitall or Free Schoole whiche have spiall Visitors or Governours or Jnd Vinton. Ovseers appointed them by their Founders.

Provided also and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That neither this Acte nor any thinge therein giving Jf^the contained shalbe any way pjudiciall or hurtfull to the Jurisdice&n or Power of the Ordinarie; but that he may lawfullie ^ q "ion of in everie cause execute and pforme the same as thoughe this Acte had nev* bene had or made.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted, That noe pson or psons, that hathe or shall have any of the saide Landes p0Meil0, of the Tenements Rents Annuities Profits Hereditaments Goods Chattels Money or Stockes of Money in his Hands or Revenues shill not Possession, or dothe or shall pHende Title thereunto, shall bee named a CSmyssioner or a Juror for any the causes be Comm,>,lon"t-aforesaide, or beinge named shall execute or serve in the same.

And provided alsoe, That no pson or psons whiche hathe purchased or obteyned, or shall purchase or obteyne, Proviso for upon valuable Considerac&n of Money or Lande, any Estate or InPeste, of in to or out of any Landes Tenements Rents Annuities Hereditaments Goods or Chattels that have bene or shalbe given limitted or appointed to any the charitable Uses above mencioned, withoute Fraudc or Covyn, hav age no Notice of the same charitable Use, shall not be impeached by any Decrees or Orders of C5missio'- uoove mencioned for or conPnynge the same his Estate or Intereste.

And yet nev'thelesse Be it enacted, That the saide C5missioners, or any Fower or more of them, shall and may make Decrees and Orders for recompense to be made by any pson or psons whoe, beinge put in Truste or havynge notice of the charitable Uses above men£&ed, hathe or shall breake the same Truste, or defraude the same Uses, by any Conveiance Gifte Graunte Lease Demise Release or Conv^sion whatsoev*, and againste the Heires Executors and Admynistrators of hym them or any of them, havynge Assettes in Law or Equitie, soe farre as the same Assettes will extende.

VII. Recompence against Trustees making Sale.

’ ein erroneous Repetition on the Roll.—0. omits.


II O

Dig zee t

Original from PENN STATE

970

43° Eliz. c. 4, 5.

A.D. 1601.

VIII.

Prorito for Ertatet vetted in the Crown.

it.

Unless where tuch Estates are charged with Charities since i Eli*.

X.

Orders of the Commissioners shall be certified into Chancery, &c. and examined and may be altered there on Appeal.

Writs to remove Causes, from inferior Courts into Courts at Westminster, shall be served, before the Jury appears in the inferior Court.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte shall not extende to give Power or Authority to any Comissioners before mentioned to make any Orders Judgments or Decrees for or con?nynge any Maxmors Lands Tenements or other Hereditaments assured conveied graunted or come unto the Queenes Majestie, (') to the late Kinge Henrie the Eighte, Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, or Queene Marie, by Acte of Parliament Surrender Exchange Relinquishemente Escheate Attainder Conveiance or otherwise.

And yet nevWlesse Be it enacted, That if any suche Mannors Landes Tenements or Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Estate Rente or £fitte thereof or oute of the same or any parte thereof, have or hathe byn given granted limitted appointed or assigned to or for any the charitable uses before exp>ssed, at anye tyme sithence the begynnynge of her Majesties Reigne, that then the saide Comissioners or any sower or more of them shall and maye, as con&ninge the same Lands Tenements Hereditaments Estate Rente or £fit soe given limitted appointed or assigned, pcede to enquire and to make Orders Judgements and Decrees accordioge to the pporte and meaninge of this Acte as before is mentioned: The saide last (*) Proviso notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted, That all Orders Judgments and Decrees of the saide Comissioners, or of any sower or more of them, shalbe certified under the Seales of the saide Comissioners or any sower or more of them, either into the Courte of the Chauncerie of Englande, or into the Courte of the Chauncerie within the Countie Palatine of Lancaster, as the case shall require respectivelie accordinge to their sevPall Jurisdictions, within suche conveniente tyme as shalbe limitted in the saide Comissions; And that the saide Lorde Chancellor or Lorde Keeper, and the saide Chauncellor of the Duchie, shall and maye, within their saide severall Jurisdice&ns, take suche Order for the due Execuc&n of all or any of the saide Judgments Decrees and Orders as to either of them shall seeme fit and convenient: And that if after any such Stificate or c*tificattf made any pson or psons shall fynde themselves grieved withe any of the saide Orders Judgments or Decrees, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for them or anie of them to complaine in that behalfe unto the saide Lorde Chancellor or Lorde Keeper, or to the Chancellor of the saide Duchie of Lancaster, accordinge to their severall Jurisdice&ns, for Redresse therein ; And that upon suche Complainte the saide Lorde Chancellor or Lorde Keeper, or the saide Chancellor of the Duchie may, accordinge to their saide severall Jurisdice&ns, by suche course as to their wisedomes shall seeme meeteste, the circumstances of the case considered, pceede to the exaiac&n hearinge and determynynge thereof; and upon hearinge thereof shall and may adnull dymynishe alter or enlarge the saide Orders Judgments and Decrees of the saide Comyssioners, or any sower or more of them, as to either of them, in their saide se^all Jurisdice&ns, shalbe thoughte to stande withe Equitie and good Conscience, accordinge to the true intente and meaninge of the Donors and Fownders thereof; and shall and may taxe and awarde good Costes of Suite by their discrec&ns againste such psons as they shall fynde to complaine unto them, without juste and sufficient cause, of the Orders Judgments and Decrees before mencoed.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte to pVent Pjurie and subomac&n of Pjurie, and unnecessarie Expences in Suites of Lawe.

WHEREAS, within divers Cities and Townes Corporate and other Places within this Realme of Englande and the Dnions thereof, there are Jurisdice&ns Customes and Privileges to holde Plea in Actions of Depte and other A cc&ns Plaints and Suites betwene Parde and Partie ; and divers of her Majesties Subjects doe day lie commence many Acc&ns Plaints and Suites in the saide Cities Townes Corporate and Places, accordinge to the Jurisdicf&ns Customes and Privileges of the saide Places; and many Defendants in Actions Plaints and Suites there broughte and cdmenced will suffer the said Accons Plaints and Suites there broughte and commenced to be pceeded in and psecuted there, untill the Cause betweene the Plaintifs and them be at Issue, and the Jurie swome and Evidence given in on the Plaintifes parte, before the saide Defendant will deliver, into the Courte where the said Actions Plaintes or Suites are to bee tried, Writs formerlie sued for the by them to remove the Cause there dependinge into some one or other of her Majesties Courtes of Recorde at Westfft; whiche keepinge backe of the saide Writ is done by the Defendant, to noe other purpose or intente but to put the Parties Plaintifs to as greate Charges and Expenses as they the saide Defendants can, and to know what Proofes the Parties Plaintifs can make for the proovynge of their Issue; wherebie the Defendants that sued for the the saide Writs may have longer tyme to furnishe themselves with some false Witnesse to impugne those Proofes whiche the Plaintifs have openlie made by their Witnesses and Proofes; which is a great cause of Perjurie and Subornac&n of Perjurie, and greate Expenses to the Plaintifs: For Remedie whereof, Be it enacted by the Queenes moste Excellent Majestie, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this p'sente Parliamente assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, That from and after the ende of this p>sent Session of Parliament, That no Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus, or any other Writ or Writs sued for the or to be sued forth by any p6on or psons whatsoev5 out of any of her Majesties Courts of Recorde at Westm, to remove any Action Suite Plainte or Cause dependinge or to be dependinge in any Courte or Courtes within any Citie or Towne Corporate or elsewhere, whiche have or shall have Jurisdice&n Power or Authoritie to holde Plea in any Action Plainte or Suite, shalbe received or allowed, by the Judge or Judges or Officer or Officers of the Courte or Courtes wherein or to whome any suche Writ or Writs shalbe delivered.

1 or 0.

• menc&ned O.


A.D.\60\.

43° Eliz. c. 5—7.

971

but that he and they shall and may pceede in the saide Cause and Causes readie to be tried, as thoughe no such Writ or Writs were sued for the or delivered to hym of them, Excepte (1) the saide Writ or Writs be deliv’ed, to the Judge or Judges Officer or Officers of the saide Courte, before that the Jurie which is to trie the Cause in question, betweene the Partie or Parties Plaintifes and the Parties or Partie that sued for the the saide Writ or Writs, or for whose benefit the saide Writ or Writs is or shalbe sued foorthe, have appeared and one of the said Jurie, swome to trie the saide Cause.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte shall contynue no longer then untill the ende of the nexte Parliamente. ConunuanceofAct.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte to avoide trifling and frivolous Suites in Law in her Majesties Courtes at Westfii.

FOR avoidinge the infinyte number of small and triflinge Suites commenced or psecuted againste sundrie her Penalty on Sheriffi, Majesties good and lovynge Subjects in her Highnes Courts at Westfii, (whiche by the due course of the Lawes »rre«tin^™»rtnif«,0r of this Realme oughte to be determyned in inferiour Courts in the Countrey,) to the intolerable vexac&n and charge of ^*,7*"* t

her Highnes Subjectes; Be it enacted by the Authoritie of this p*sente Parliament, If any Sheriffe, Under Sheriffe, or jfio, and Daman* other pson havinge Authoritie or takinge upon hym to breake Writs, after Fortie Daies nexte after the ende of this Ja'o^o^the^kbg Session of Parliament, doe make any Warrante for the Sumons of any psone, as upon any Writ Processe or Suite, or for the Arreste or attachinge of any pson or psons by his or their Bodie or Goodes, to appeare in any her Majesties

Courtes at Westfii or elsewhere, (not havynge before that the originall Writ or Tcesse warrantinge the same,) that then,

upon complainte thereof made to the Justices of Assise of the Countie where the same Offence shal be comitted, or to the Judges of the Courte oute of whiche the Processe issued, not onlie the partie that made suche Warrant, but all those that were the Tcurers thereof, shall be sente for before the same Judges or Justices by Attachments or otherwise as the same Judges or Justices shall thinke good and allow of, and be examyned thereof upon their Oathes; And if the same Offence be confessed by the same Offenders or proved by sufficient witnesses to the satisfacc&n of the same Judges or Justices, that then the same Judges or Justices, that shall soe examyne the same, shall foorthwithe by force of this Acte comytt e$y the same Offenders to the Gaole of the Countie or Courte where the same shall be examyned, there to remaine without Baile or Maineprise, untill suche tyme as they amongest them have fullie satisfied and paide unto the partie grieved by suche Warrante not onelie the sume of Tenne pownds of lawfull Englishe money, but alsoe all suche Costes and Damages as the same Judges or Justices shall set downe that the same partie hathe susteyned therebie; And withall Twentie pounds a peece for their Offence to her Majestie.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. If upon any Action psonall to be broughte in any her No mo^Coata Majesties Courts at Westfii, not beinge for any Title or InVeste of Landes, nor conenynge the Freeholde or Inheritance of any Lands, nor for any Batterie, it shall appeare to the Judges for the same Courte, and soe signyfied or set downe except for Batteii*, by Justices before whome the same shalbe tryed, that the Debte or Damages to be recoPed therein in the same

Courte shall not amounte to the sume of Fortie Shillingf or above, that in everie suche case the Judges and ia recoTered. Justices, before whome any suche Action shalbe pursued, shall not awarde for Costes to the partie Plaintife any greater or more Coste then the sume of the Debte or Damages soe recovered shall amounte unto, but Jesse at their discrecbns; This Acte to endure to the ende of the firste Session of the nexte Parliamente.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte to avoide and phrent divers Misdemeanours in lewde and idle psons.

FORASMUCH as unlawfull cuttynge or takinge awaye of Come and Grayne growynge, robbynge of Orchardes Bmon tuning

and Gardens, diggynge upp or takyngc awaye Fruite Trees, breakynge of Hedges Pale* or other Fences, cuttynge robbrn^o regards,

or spoilince of Woodes or Underwoodes standinge and growynge, and such like Offenses, are now more cumonlie 9*r.dfn'’ &c'.

... , " shall be committed

comytted by lewde and meane psons then m former tymes; And that the saide Uttenses are greate cawses ot by one Justice to

the mainetaynynge of Idlenes, and the psons whiche comytt the same are not for the moste [ parte ’ ] able nor have

wherewithe to make Recompence or Satisfaccbn ; Be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie of this psente Parliament,

That all and everie such lewde pson and psons whiche, from and after the laste day of February now nexte followinge,

shall cut or unlawfullie take awaye any Come or Graine growynge, or robbe any Orchardes or Gardens, or breake

or cut any Hedge Pales Railes or Fence, or digge pull up or take up any Fruite Tree or Trees in any Orcharde

Garden or elsewhere, to the intente to take and carye the same awaye, or shall cutte or spoile any Woodes or

Underwoodes Poles or Trees standinge, not beinge Felonie by the Lawes of this Realme, and their Tourer or Pcurers

Receiver or Receivers knowinge the same, being thereof lawfullie convicted by the confession of the partie or by the

1 that U. * 0. omits.


972

43° Eliz. c.7, 8.

A.D. 160].

ii.

Constable neglecting to whip shall be imprisoned.

III. Justice shall not act on Offences against himself.

Fraudulent Administrations to the Injury of Creditors.

Fraudulent Administrator shall be charged as Executor of his own Wrong

allowing him all just Payments, ike.

testymonie of one sufficiente witnesse upon Oathe before some one Justice of Peace Mayor Bayliffes or other Heade Officers of the Countie Citty or Towne Corporate, whiche said Justice or other Head Officer shall have power by force of this Statute to mynister the saide Oathe, where the Offence shalbe comytted or the partie offendinge apprehended, shall give the partie and parties suche Recompence and SatisfaccSn for his and their damages, and within suche tyme, as by any suche one Justice of Peace of the saide Countie where suche Offence shall be done without the Libtie of any Cide or Towne Corporate, or by suche Head Officer or Justice of Peace within any Citie or Towne Corporate, shalbe ordered and appointed, and the same to be onelie for the firste faulte: And if suche Offender or Offenders shalbe thoughte in the discrec&n of the saide Justice or Justices or other Heade Officers not able or sufficiente, or doe not make Recompense or Satisfaccbn for the saide Damages in manner and forme aforesaide. Then the saide Justice or Head Officer shall commyt all and every the saide Offender or Offenders, to some Constable or Constables or other inferiour Officers, of the Citie Boroughe Towne or Hamlet where the Offence shalbe comytted or the Partie apprehended, to be whipped ; And for everie suche Offence for or of whiche the Offender or Offenders shall be eftsoones comytted in forme afore limited, the pson or psons soe offendinge to receive the saide Punishment of whippynge.

And be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any Constable or inferiour Officer doe refuse or doe not, at the commandement of any Justice of Peace or other Head Officer, execute, by hymself or some other to be by hym appointed, upon the Offender, the punyshment limyted by this Statute, that in that case it shall and may be lawfull for the saide Justice of Peace to comyt the [saide '] Constable or other inferiour Officer soe refusing, or not executynge the saide punyshmente by himself or some other, to the comon Gaole of the saide Countie Citie or Towne corporate, there to remaine without baile or maineprise, until the sayd Offender or Offenders be, by the saide Constable or Constables so refusynge or not executinge or some other by his or theire peurement, punyshed and whipped as is above limyted and declared.

Provided alwaies, That no Justice of Pease or other Heade Officer doe execute this Statute for any of the Offences aforesaide done unto hymselfe, unlesse he bee associated and assisted withe one or more other Justicf of the Peace, whome the Offence dothe not conceme.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte againste fraudulent admynistradbn of Intestates Goodes.

FRASMUCH as it is often put in ure, to the defraudinge of Creditors, that suche psons as are to have the admynistrac&n of the Goodes of others dyinge intestate comytted unto them if they require it, will not accepte the same, but suffer or peure the admynistracbn to be graunted to some Straunger of meane Estate, and not of kynne to the Intestate, from whome themselves or others by their meanes do take Deedes of Giftes and Authorities by Letter of Attumey, wherbie they obtaine the state of the intestate into their Handes, and yet stande not subjecte to pay any Depbtes owinge by the same intestate, and soe the Creditours for lacke of knowledge of the Place of Habitac&n of the Admynistrator canot arreste him nor sue him, and if they fortune to fynde hym oute yet for lacke of abilitie in hym to satisfie of his owne Goodes the value of that he hathe conveied awaie of the Intestates Goodes, or released of his Debts by waie of wastinge, the Creditours cannot have or recover their juste and due Debts; Be it enacted by Authoritie of this plsente Parliamente, That everie pson and psons that hereafter shall obtaine receive or have any Goodes or Debtes of any psone dyinge intestate, or a Release or other Discharge of any Debte or Dutie that belonged to the Intestate, upon any Fraude as is aforesaide, or withoute such valuable Considerac&n as shall amounte to the value of the same Goodes and Debtes or neere thereaboutes, excepte it be in or towardcs Satisfacc&n of sume juste and principal Depte of the value of the same Goodes or Deptes to him owinge by the Intestate at the tyme of his Decease, shalbe charged and chargeable as Executour of his owne wronge, and soe farre onelie as all suche Goodes and Deptes, comynge to his Handes or whereof he is released or discharged by suche Administrator, will satisfie; deductinge neverthelesse to and for hymselfe Allowance of all juste due and principall Depte upon good Consideracfin withoute fraude owinge to hym by the Intestate at the tyme of his Decease, and of all other Payments made by hym, whiche lawful Executors or Admynistrators may and oughte to have and pay by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme.

' O. omits.

AD.l6i)l.

43° Eli z. c. 9.

973

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for contynuance of dyvere Statutes, and for repeale of some others.

BE it enacted by aucthoritie of this psente Parliament, That an Acte made in the one and twentiethe yeare of the Reigne of the late Kinge Henrie the Eighte, intituled An Acte for the true makinge of Cables Halsers and Ropes j And that an Acte made in the sour and twentiethe yeare of the Reigne of the late Kinge Henrie the Eighte, intituled An Acte againste killinge of younge Beastes called Weanelingf ; And that two Actes, made in the fourthe yeare of the Raigne of the late Kinge Edwarde the Sixthe, the one concernynge the buyinge and sellinge of Rother Beastes and Cattell, the other intituled An Acte for the buyinge and sellinge of Butter and Cheese; And that an Acte made in the firste yeere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne that now is, intituled An Acte for pSsrvac&n of Spawne and Fry of Fishe; And that an Acte made in the fifthe yeere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne that now is, intituled An Acte for avoidinge divers forraine Wares made by Handicraftesmen beyond Seas; And that an Acte made in the same fifthe yeere of her Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte towchinge certaine Politique Constitucons made for the mainetenance of the Navy, together with all and everie Addic&ns Explanations and Alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any parte thereof, by any Statute or Statutes made sithence the makinge of the same Acte, and now condnuyng in force; And that an Acte made in the Eighte yeere of the Queenes Majestyes Raigne that now is, intituled An Acte for Bowyers and the Prices of Bowes; And that an Acte made in the thirteenthe yeere of the Queenes Majestyes Reigne that now is, intituled An Acte towchinge Leases of Benefices and other Ecclesiasticall Livynges withe Cure, together with all and everie Explanations Addic&ns and Alterac&ns thereof or thereunto made by any other Statute or Statutes made sithence the makinge of the saide Acte, and now contynuynge in force, withe this further addic&n to be enacted by aucthoritie of this psent Parliament, That all Judgements hereafter to be had, for the interne to have or enjoy any Lease contrarie to the saide Statutes or any of them, shalbe deemed voide in suche sorte as Bondes and Covenantf are appointed to be voide, whiche are made for that p'pose; And that an Act made in the same thirteenthe yeere of her Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte that Purveyors may take Grayne Come and Victuals within five miles of Cambridge and Oxforde in certaine Cases: And that an Acte made in the eighteenthe yeere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte for repairinge and amendinge of the Bridges and Highwaies neere unto the Citie of Oxforde; And soe much of one other Acte made the same yeere, intituled An Acte for settinge the Poore on worke and avoidinge Idlenesse, as con&iethe Bastardes begotten out of lawfull Matrimonie; And that an Acte made in the three and twentiethe yeere of her Majesties Raigne, intituled An Acte for the repairinge of Dover Haven, withe the pvisons and alteraf&ns thereof made by an Acte made in the five and thirtiethe yeere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne that now is; And that an Acte made in the seven and twentiethe yeere of her Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte for the good Government of the Citie or Boroughe of Westmynster; And that an Acte made in the saide seaven and twentiethe yeere of her Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte for

revyvynge of a former Statute for the true makinge of Maulte, together alsoe withe an Acte made in the nyne and

thirtiethe yeere of her Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte to restraine the excessive makinge of Maulte; And that an Acte made in the saide seven and twentieth yeere of her Majestyes Raigne, intituled An Acte for the keepinge of the Sea Banckf and Seaworkes in the Countie of Norff; And that an Acte made in the one and thirtiethe yeere of her Majestyes Raigne, intituled An Acte for the true gaginge of Vessels broughte from beyonde the Seas, converted by Brewers for the utterance and sale of Ale and Beere; And that an Acte made in the saide one and thirtiethe

yeere of her Majesties Raigne, intituled An Act for revyvynge and enlarginge of a Statute made in the three and

twentieth yeere of her Majesties Reigne for the Reliefe of the Citie of Lincolne ; And that three Actes made in the five and thirtiethe yeere of her Majesties Raigne, one intituled An Acte to retaine the Queenes Majesties Subjectes in their due obedience, another Acte intituled An Acte for the reformac&n of sundrie Abuses in Clothes called Devonshire Kerseies or Dozens, according to a Pclamac&n of the foure and thirtiethe yeere of the Raigne of our SoPaigne Lady the Queenes Majestie that now is. And one other intituled An Acte for the bringinge in of Clapboarde from the partes of beyonde Seas, and the restrainynge of t*nsportinge of Wyne Caske, for the sparinge and pservynge of Tymber within the Realmej And that the severall Acts hereafter menconed made in the nyne and thirtiethe yeere of her Majesties Reigne that now is, (that is to saye) An Acte intituled An Acte againste the decayinge of Townes and Howses of Husbandrie, An Acte intituled An Acte for mainten*nce of Husbandrie and Tillage, An Acte intituled An Acte for the more speedie paymente of the Queenes Majesties Depts, and for the better explanac&n of the Acte made in the thirteenthe yeere of the Queenes Majestie, intituled An Acte to make the Landes Tenements Goodes and Chattels of Tellers Receivers, &c. liable to the paymente of their Debtes, An Acte intituled An Acte for the encrease of Marriners and for maintenance of the Navigation, repealinge a former Acte made in the three and twentiethe yeere of her Majesties Raigne, bearinge the same Title, and An Acte intituled An Acte for explanac&n of the Statute made in the fifthe yeere of her Majesties Reigne conc’nynge Laborers, An Acte intituled And Acte phibitinge the bringinge into this Realme of forraine Cardes for Wooll, An Acte intituled An Acte againste lewde and wanderinge psons ptendinge themselves to be Souldiers and Marriners, An Acte intituled An Acte for punyshmente of Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdie Beggars (excepte the Proviso in the said laste menc&ned Acte con&iynge John Dutton of Dutton in the Countie of Chester Esquire,) shalbe continued and remaine in force untill the ende of the firste Session of the nexte Parliamente.

And towchinge the same Proviso concerning the saide John Dutton, Be it enacted by Aucthoritie of this psente Parliament, That the same Pvysion shall contynue and remaine in force to the ende of one yeere nexte ensuynge the firste day of this Psente Parliament and no longer; Excepte before the ende of the saide yeare the saide John Dutton

Temporary Acti, a I H.VIll. c.n. Cablet, Etc.;

34 H.VIII. c.p.

killing Weanlingi; a & 4 E. VI. c. 19. Rother Beaitt; c. at. Butter, See.; 1 Elia. c. 17.

Fry of Fith

Stat. 5 Elia, c. 7. Importation of foreign Warn ; c.j. Nary,

8 Elia. c. 10.

Bowyerl

13 Elia. c. ao. Leases of Benefices, as amended;

c. at. Purreyance in Universities;

18 Eliz. c. ao. Oxford Highways;

18 Eliz. c. 3. f I. Bastards;

33 Eliz. c.6.

35 Eliz. c.7. § to Dover Haven

*7 Eliz. c.31. Westminster

37 Eliz. c. 14.

39 Elia. c. id. making Malt;

37 Eliz. c. 34. Sea-banks;

31 Eliz. c. 8.

Beer Vessels;

31 Eliz.

Lincoln City;

[no/ enrolled, nor printed.]

3J Eliz. c. 1. Allegiance; c. 10. Cloths;

c. 11. Clap-board

39 Eliz. e. t, a. Husbandry;

c. 7. Accountants;

e. 10. Mariners;

e. ta. Labourers ; c. 14. Wool Cards;

cc.4, 17. Beggars;

all continued till ensuing Session.

II.

Explanation of Proviso in 39 Eliz. c.4. f 10. for John Dutton.

Vou IV.

It p

dh

974

43° Eliz. c. 9.

A.D.\60\.

m.

39 Eliz. c.j. Poor, continued: [But tee chap. z. of this Session.]

35 Eliz. C.4.S 39 Eliz. c. ai.

IV.

39 Eliz. c. 6. Abuses in Charities, repealed.

[See chapter 4. of this Session.]

V.

Proviso for Decreet made under Act 39 Eliz. c. 6.

VI.

Northumberland excepted from 39 Eliz. c. 3.

VII.

39 Eliz. c. 10.$ 5. as to Restraints on Sale of Fish, repealed.

vm.

Exception for Restraints on Salt-Fish.

IX.

Exceptions from Duty to Dover Haven under 33 Eliz. c.6.

or his Heires shall peure the Lorde Chiefe Justice of the Pleas before the Queenes Highnesse to be holden, and the Lorde Chiefe Justice of the Comon Pleas, and the Lorde Chiefe Baron of her Majesties Courte of Exchequer, or two of them, upon hearinge his Allegations and Proofes, to make Certificate into her Majesties Courte of Chauncerie that the saide John Dutton or his Heires oughte lawfully, (if no Statute against Rogues or Beggers had byn made,) by Charter Tenure or Prescripc&n, to use have and exercise*such Libertie of lycencynge Mynstrels as he claymethe and usethe; And that the said Certificate be inrolled in her Majesties saide Courte of Chauncerie within the said yeere: And if he or his Heires shall peure such Certificate as aforesaide, and cause the same to be inrolled as is aforesaide, then be it enacted by the Aucthoritie of this p'sente Parliament, That the same Pvision shall alsoe contynue in force untill the ende of the firste Session of the nexte Parliament.

And be it further enacted, That an Acte made in the nyne and thirtiethe yeere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte for the Reliefe of the Poore, shall alsoe contynue and remayne in force untill the ende of the firste Session of the nexte Parliament, excepte some new Acte shalbe made in this fPsente Session of Parliament con&iinge the same; And that two Actes made the one in the five and thirtiethe yeere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte for the necessarie Reliefe of Souldiers and Marriners; And the other made in the nine and thirtiethe yeere of her Majesties saide Reigne, for the further Explanation & Contynuance of the same former Acte, shall alsoe contynue and remayne in force untill the ende of the firste Session of the nexte Parliament, Except some new Acte shalbe made conc?nynge the same in this pWite Session of Parliament.

And be it also further enacted by Authoritie of this psente Parliament, That an Acte made in the nyne and thirtiethe yeere of the Queenes Majesties Reigne that now is, intituled An Acte to reforme Deceipts and Breaches of Trustes towchinge Landes given to charitable Uses, be from henceforthe utterlie repealed.

And yet nev'thelesse Be it enacted by Authority of this p>sente Parliament, That soe muche of the saide Acte as conc?nethe [the' ] Execution of Orders Judgments and Decrees heretofore made by Comyssioners assigned by vertue of the saide Acte, and Exaiacion hearinge and de?mynynge of the sayde Orders Judgements and Decrees by suche Comyssioners heeretofore made, shall stande and remaine in force, onelie as for and concerninge suche Judgements and Decrees as heretofore have byn made by vertue of the same Acte and of C5myssions thereupon awarded.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by Authoritie of this p>sente Parliament, That the saide Acte for maintenance of Husbandrie and Tillage shall not extende to any Landes lyinge within the Countie of Northumblande.

And pvyded alsoe and be it alsoe enacted by Authoritie aforesaide, That soe muche of the Acte above mendoned, intituled An Acte for the increase of Marriners and maintenance of the Navigation, repealinge a former Acte made in the three and twentiethe yeere of her Majesties Reigne bearinge the same Title, as conc?nethe the repealinge and makinge voide of all Ordinances of the Fishmongers of London, or of anie other Companie or Corporation whatsoev1, made or to be made for Restrainte of any pson to take or sell Fyshe, or to buy or pvide any Fishe of any Merchante or other within this Realme, or the makinge or executinge of any suche Ordynance or Restrainte, shall from henceforthe remaine discontinued and repealed; The former contynuance of the saide Acte in this Psente Acte mendoned notwithstandinge.

And yet neverthelesse be it enacted, That no suche Ordinance or Restrainte, made or to be made, shall in any wise extende or be put in Execution duringe the contynuance of the saide former Acte made in the nine and thirtiethe yeere of her Majesties Reigne, to restraine any Coastmen Fishermen or any others Subjects or Forreiners, for or concernynge the takinge bringinge in puttinge to Sale or buyinge of any salted Fishe or Herringes, being holsome and sweete; upon and under the Paines and Penalties in the saide former Acte of the nyne and thirtiethe yeere of her Majesties Rdgne conteined.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoritie of this psente Parliament, That no Shippe Vessel! or Crayer whereof any her Majesties Subjects shalbe Owners or parte Owners, of the Burthen of Twen tie Tunnes loadinge and upwardes, loadinge or discharginge within this Realme and passinge to [and' ] from any forraine Countries, other then Ships Vessels and Cray ere whiche shalbe laden withe Seacole or Grindstones, shall after the ende of this Session of Parliament, in respecte of any suche Voyage, pay to the Reparation of Dover Haven but only after the Rate of Three Pence the Tune for the Merchandize wherewithe such Shippe Vessell or Crayer shalbe in suche Voyage laden, and not after the Rate of Three Pence the Tune of the Burthen of everie suche Shippe Vessell or Crayer; And that everie Ship Vessell or Crayer whiche shalbe imployed in a Voyage of Fyshinge shall not, upon retume of suche Voiage, pay but after the Rate of Three Pence the Tun for suche Oyle Traine and Merchandize as suche Shippe shall bringe home in suche Voiage, and not any thinge for Fishe, or in respecte of the Burthen of the same Ship Vessell or Crayer: The said Statute made for the repairing of Dover Haven, or any other Statute towchinge the same, or any thinge in this Acte conteyned, to the cont*rie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

1 0. omits.

* or 0.


A.D.\60\.

43° Eliz. c. 10.

975

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for the true workinge and makinge of Wollen Clothe.

TIE Queenes moste excellent Majesde, withe the Advice of her Highnes Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the C5mons in this psente Parliament assembled, weighinge and consideringe the good and godlie purposes of divers and sundrie Statutes, heretofore made and ordeyned for the true makinge and workinge of Wollen Clothe, to be frustrated and deluded by straynynge stretchinge wante of weighte Flocks Sollace Chalke Flower deceitfull things subtill sleightes and untruethes, soe as the same Clothes beinge put in Water are founde to shrincke rewey pursey squalUe cocklinge bandy lighte and notablie faulde, to the greate dislike of forraine Princes, and to the hynderance and losse of the buyer and wearer : For Redresse thereof is pleased and willethe it to be enacted, and by the Authoritie of this psente Parliament it is enacted, That, from and after the Feaste of the Purificacftn of the blessed Virgine next ensuynge, noe psone or psons shall put any Haire Flocks Thrumes or Yame made of Lambes Wooll, or other deceiveable thinge or things, into or upon any broade Woollen Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Frize Dozen Pennystone or Cotton, Taunton Clothe, Bridgewater, Dunster Cotton, which Dunster Cotton hereafter shalbe by this psente Acte intended and taken to be of like weighte lengthe and breadth as Taunton and Bridgewater Clothe, or other Clothe of what Nature Kynde or Name soever, made or to be made to be soulde or offered to bee soulde, upon paine to forfeit everie suche Clothe Halfe Clothe Kerseye Frize Dozen Penystone and Cotton, and other Wollen Clothe of what Nature Kynde or Name soever, whereinto or whereupon any suche Haire Flockes Thrumes Yame of Lambes Wooll or other deceiveable thinge or things whatsoeP shall be soe putt j Any Law Statute Dispensac&n Allegac&n or TolleracSn to the cont*rie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge; And upon paine that everie pson and p6ons whiche shall buy gather or pcure any Haire Flockes Thrumes Yarne of Lambes Wooll or other deceiveable thinge or things whatsoev1, for that Intente and purpose, to forfeite the same Haire Flockes Thrumes Yame of Lambes Wooll and other deceiveable thinge and things whatsoev*.

And that no psone or psons within her Majesties Realme of Englande or the Dnions of the same, shall, from and after the Feaste of Easter now nexte ensuynge, have use or occupye within any Place of her Majesties saide Realme or Dnions any Tentor Instrumente Engine or other Device of what [soev* sorte or kynde1 ], withe any lower Barre Pynne Rynge or other Engine or Device of what sorte or kynde soever, wherebie or wherewithe any rough and unwroughte Woollen Broad Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, or any other roughe and

unwroughte Woollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soeP they be or shal be of, made or to be made to be

soe soulde, shall or may be stretched or strayned in breadthe; or shall have keepe or use any manner of Wrinche

Ringehead Growme Rope or other Engine to stretche or straine any roughe and unwroughte Woollen Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Pennystone Frize Rugge, or any other roughe and unwroughte Woollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soever they be or shall be of in lengthe, made or to be made to be soe soulde; upon payne that everie Offender, that shall have keepe use or exercise any suche Tentor Instrument Engine or Devyce withe a lower Barre Pynne Rynge Engine or Devyce Wrinche Ryngeheade Growme or Rope of what sorte or kynde soeP, shall forfeite for everie suche Offence Twentie Powndes, the one halfe thereof to our So^aigne Ladie the Quenes Majesty, and the other Halfe to hym that will sue for the same by Bill Plainte or Informac&n in any of her Highnesse Courtes of Recorde wherein no Essoine PteccSn or Wager of Law shalbe allowed; and that no pson or psons, within her Majesties Realme of Englande or the Domynions of the same, from and after the saide Feaste of Easter now nexte ensuynge, shall set or cause to be set directlie or indirectlie any wrought Wollen Broade Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, or any other wroughte Wollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soeV they be or shalbe of, made for sale or offered to be soulde, in or upon any Tentor Instrumente Engine or Device, with a lower Bar Pyn Ringe Engine or Devise Wrinche Ringheade Growme or Rope of what sorte or kynde soever, to stretche or straine the same wroughte Wollen Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, or any other wroughte Woollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soever they be or shalbe of; otherwise then the whole wroughte Wollen Broade Clothe one yarde in lengthe and one halfe quarter in breadthe, and the Halfe Clothe one halfe yarde in lengthe and one halfe quarter in breadthe. And the Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize and Rug one halfe yarde in lengthe and one naile in breadthe; or shall utter or sell any wrought Woollen Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, or any other wroughte Woollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soever they be or shalbe of, tentred strained or stretched, otherwise than as aforesaide, in or upon any Tentor Instrumente Engine or Devise withe a lower Barre Pynne Rynge Engyne or Devise Wrinche Ringeheade Growme or Rope, of what sorte or kynde soever; upon paine to forfeite everie suche wroughte Woollen Cloth Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, and everie other wroughte Woollen Clothe of what Nature Kynde or Name soever they be or shalbe of.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no Woollen Broade Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, nor any other Woollen Clothe of what nature kinde or name soever they be or shalbe of, shall from and after the saide Feaste of Easter now nexte ensuinge, (beinge well scowred thicked milled and fullie dried and made to be soulde, or whiche shall be offered to be soulde,) exceede the severall lengthe or

1 sorte or kinde soever 0.

Evasion of former Acts for making Cloths.

Hair, Flocks, &c. shall not be put into Woollen Cloths

Forfeiture thereof;

II.

Cloths, rough or unwrought, shall not be stretched with Tenters, Arc. Penalty £io.

Cloths wrought shall be stretched only to a certain Length and Breadth

Forfeiture thereof.

III.

Cloths shall not exceed the Lengths, and shall be of the Weights, required by former Acts.

c

A.I).1601.

97 6

43° Eliz. c. 10.

Exception for certain Cloths.

j & 6 E.VI. c.6. 4&5 P.& M.c

Penalties on Defect of Weight.

39 Eliz. c. zo. extended to all English Cloths.

IV.

Repeal of J.6E.VI. c.9. J3.

4.jP-&M-c-S§8-37 Ehz. c.17. $ 2. 35 Eliz. c.p. § 4. as to Over-length of Cloths s

and of 4,5 P. Sc M. c.5. k II. as to Certificates of faulty Cloths.

V.

Merchants shall not take Advantage of Clothiers Signature, fcc.

lengthes which heretofore is limited and appointed respectivelie for everie suche Broade Wollen Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, and other Woollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soev* to be of, and oughte at this tyme to be of, by the severall Statutes thereof lymyted and appointed, upon payne of forfeiture of everie suche Broade Woollen Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, and ev*ye other Woollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soever; And that everie Woollen Broade Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, and everie other Woollen Clothe of what nature kinde or name soever they be or shall be of, shall from thenceforthe, (beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fullie dryed,) weighe respectivelie the true weighte whiche is heretofore lymytted and appointed for everie suche Broade Woollen Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, and everie other Woollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soev* they be or shalbe of, to weighe, and oughte at this Psente tyme to weighe, by the severall Statutes therefore lymytted and appointed : Savynge that Taunton Clothes, Bridgwaters, and such Clothes as shalbe made in Taunton Bridgwater and other places of like sorte and makinge, and lymytted to weyghe fouer and thirtie poundes at the leaste, shall and maye from henceforthe (beinge well scowred thicked mylled wroughte and fullie dried) weighe onelie thirtie poundes at the leaste; any former Statute or Statutes to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge: And savynge that Suffolk Norffolke Essex and Northerne Clothe, lymytted by the severall Statutes of the fifthe yeere of Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, and the fourthe and fifthe yeeres of Kinge Philippe and Queene Marie, or one of them, to weighe the severall Weightes therein mencioned, shall and may be abated for the workemanshippe, of the whole Clothe foure poundes, and for the halfe Clothe two pownds in the Weighte thereof, as the same Norffolk Suffolk and Essex Clothes are allowed by her Highnesse tolleracbn by Proclamation: And if it shall happen that any of the saide Broade Woollen Clothes Halfe Clothes Kerseis Cottons Dozens Pennystones Frizes Rugges, or any other Woollen Clothe of what nature kinde or name soev* they be or shalbe of, made or to be made to be soulde or offered to be soulde, shall lacke (beinge well scowred thicked mylled wroughte and fullie dried) of the weighte therefore respectivelie lymytted, and whiche oughte to be of that weighte by this psent Acte, above three pownde in any whole Broade Woollen Clothe, or above one pownd and the halfe of one pownde in one Halfe Broade Clothe Taunton Clothe Bridgewater or other Clothe of like sorte, or above one pownde in one Kerseye Cotton Dozen Pennystone Frize Rugge, or any other Woollen Clothe respectivelie of what nature kynde or name soever they be or shall be of, then the Offender shall forfeite for one pownde wantinge more then as aforesaide Tenne shillingf, and for two powndes Twentie shillingf, and for three powndes Fortie shillingf, and soe double the forfeiture for everie pownde soe wantinge; unlesse the partie offendinge by suche wantinge will yeelde the same Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Pennystone Frize and Rugge soe wantinge, forfeited, whiche if hee will yeelde then the same soe wantinge shalbe forfeited; Any former Law Statute or other Matter or Thing whatsoev* to the contrarie thereof in anye wise notwithstandinge. And that one Statute made in the nyne and thirtiethe yeere of her Highnesse Reigne, intituled An Acte againste the deceitfull stretchinge and tenteringe of Northerne Clothe, as to for touchinge and concerninge and concernynge Viewes Seales Searches Appointment of Overseers, Ov*seers Penalties, and Authoritie given to Justices of Assize Justices of Peace Heade Officers of Cities Boroughes and Townes corporate, and other pson and psons, of and for Northerne Clothes, in the Countie of Yorke Lancaster and other the Counties on the North of Trent, shall from the saide Feaste of Easter next ensuynge respectivelie, extende unto all and singular Woollen Broade Clothes Halfe Clothes Kerseys Cottons Dozens Pennystones Frizes Rugges, and all other Woollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soev* they be or shalbe of, made and to be made within her Highnes Realme of Englande, to be viewed sealed searched ov*seene subjected to Penalues, and aucthoritie given to Justices of Assize Justices of Peace and other pson and psons, in suche and the like maner and forme, and to suche and the like purposes and intents respectivelie, as is lymytted and appoynted for suche said Northerne Clothes; And that everie Broade Woollen Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, and everie other Woollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soev* they be or shall be of, sealed by the Overseers authorised by this p’sente Acte, shall not be broughte to be viewed searched and seene, nor shalbe searched tried or watered, by any other Searcher or Ov*seer of any other Cittie Boroughe Towne Village Parishe or Hamlet, by vertue of his or their Office or Offices; Any Statute Matter or Thing to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted, That the severall Branches of the sev*all Actes of Parliament, the firste, intituled An Acte for the true makinge of Woollen Clothe, in the fifthe yeere of the Reigne of Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, and the Acte intituled An Acte towchinge the makinge of Woollen Clothes, in the fourthe and fifthe yeeres of the Reigne of Kinge Philippe and Queene Marie, and in the Acte made in the seaven and twentiethe yeere of the Reigne of our saide Sov*aigne Ladie the Queenes Majestie that now is, intituled An Acte towchinge the breadthe of white Woollen Clothes made in the Counties of Sofiset Wilts Glocestr and Oxon, and in the Acte made in the five and thirtiethe yeere of the Reigne of our saide Sov*aigne Lady the Queenes Majestie that now is, intituled An Acte towching the Breadthe of Plunckets Azures and Blues, and other coloured Clothes made in the Countie of SoiSs or elsewhere of like makinge, for and concernynge the exceedinge of lengthe of Clothes mencfted in the saide Statute of the fifthe yeere of Kinge Edwarde the Sixthe, shall from henceforthe be utterly repealed, as concernynge onlie the saide Overlengthes; and that one other Branche made in the saide fourthe and fifthe yeere of the Reigne of King Philippe and Queene Marie, touchinge or con&iynge Certificates of faultie Clothes, shall from the saide Feaste of Easter next ensuynge be likewise repealed, for Clothes to be soulde after the saide Feaste of Easter nexte ensuynge.

And be it enacted, That no Merchante or Buyer whiche shall transporte or cause to be transported beyonde the Seas, any Broade Woollen Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, or any other Woollen Clothe of what nature kynde or name soever they be or shall be of, by reason of any Clothiers or Sellers of any


A.D. 1601

43° Eliz. c. 10,11

977

broade Woollen Clothe Halfe Clothe Kerseye Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, or any other Woollen Clothe of what Nature Kynde or Name soever they bee or shalbe of, soe t’nsported, his Hande to suche Merchante or Buyers Booke Bill or Tickett for or touchinge any defectes, shall take any benefit or advantage.

And be it further enacted, That all and everie Article Clause and Sentence in any Acte of Parliament heretofore made towchinge or concViynge the saide Abuses in this Acte mencioned, and beinge repugnant or contr*iant to any Article or Sentence in this Acte, shall, from the saide Feaste of Easter now next ensuyngc, be utterlie voyde and of none effecte.

And be it further enacted, That suche as shall offende, after the saide Feaste of Easter, againste the saide Acte in the nyne and thirtiethe yeere of her Highnes Reigne, observynge and pformynge this p'sente Acte, shall not incurre any Penaltie mencioned in the saide Acte of the saide nyne and thirtiethe yeere: The moytie of all whiche Forfeitures (not otherwise by this p'sente Acte appoynted) shall be to the Searchers and Overseers that shall and will fynde the same, and in his and their defaulte to hym that shall fynde the same, and the other halfe to the Poore of the Parishe where the Offence shalbe comytted.

Provided alwaies. That this Acte or any thinge therein conteined shall not extende to take awaie or abridge from any lawfull Aulneger any power or righte, already given unto hym by her Majesties Letters Pattentes, for the viewinge searchinge or seizinge of any Clothes put to sale contrarie to the Lawes heretofore made in that behalfe. This Acte to contynue till the ende of the nexte Session of the nexte Parliamente and no longer.

Provided alsoe nePtheles, That if any unwroughte Clothe Halfe Clothe Kersey Cotton Dozen Penystone Frize Rugge, or any other unwroughte Woollen Clothe of what Nature Kynde or Name soever they be or shalbe of, t*nsported after the saide Feaste of Easter nexte beyonde the Seas, shalbe founde to have byn formerlie tentered strayned and stretched, by the meanes or consente of the maker or seller thereof, contrarie to the true interne of this p'sente Acte, That then suche Merchante or Buyer shall or may, at his owne costes and charges, retume the same into this Realme, and after suche retume delyver or cause the same to bee delyPed unto the maker or seller thereof, withe the Seales thereunto lymytted by this p'sente Acte to be fixed ; and thereupon shall or maye recover the value thereof soe returned by Action of Debt Bill Plainte or Informaf&n, in any of her Highnes Courtes of Recorde, againste the maker or seller thereof, by whose meanes or consente the same was soe tentered strained and stretched.

VI. Former Acti contrary to this, repealed.

VII. Provito for Penaltiea under 39 Elia. c. ao.

Application of rorfeiturei.

VIII. Provito for Aulnegeri.

Continuance of thii Act.

IX.

Clothi exported, unduly itretched, may be returned to the Seller, he.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for the Recov*ye of many hundred thousand Acres of Marishes and other Groundes, subject comonlie to surroundinge, within the Isle of Elye and the Counties of Cambridge Huntingdon Northampton Lincolne Norffoke Suffolke Sussex Essex Kente, and the Countie Palatine of Durham.

WHEREAS it is apparante, to suche as have travailed in the execuc&n of Comyssions of Sewers in the Isle and Counties aforesaide, that the Wastes Commons Marishes and Fennye Groundes there subjecte to surroundinge may be recovered by skilfull and able Undertakers, wherebie greate and inestimable benefite would arise to her Majestie her Heires and Successours, disburdenynge her Highnes of many chargeable Banckes and workes of Sewers within those surrounded Groundes, as the encrease of many able Subjects by Habitacftns beinge there erected, and in like sorte pfitable unto many her Highnes Subjectes bothe Bodies Politique as Corporate whoe have Estate of Inheritance and other Intereste within the same; And for that the draynynge and makinge dry and pfitable of those surrounded Groundes is chieflie hyndred, for that the greater parte of them are Wastes and C5mons subjecte yeerelie to surroundinge, wherein divers have Comon by p'scripc&n by reason of their Resiancie and Inhabitancie, whiche kynde of C5mons nor their Intereste therein can by the Cdmon Law be extinguished or graunted to bynde others whiche shoulde inhabite there afterwardes; And in that alsoe it appearethe that the Comoners in respecte of their Poverde are unable to pay the greate charges to suche as should undertake the recoverie of the same: It may please your Majestie that by your Highnes and the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this p'sente Parliamente assembled and by the Authoride of the same, It may be enacted That the Lorde or Lordes, as well Bodies Polirique or Corporate as any other psone or psones whatsoeP, of all and everie Wastes and Comons aforesaide, and the moste of the Comoners for their pardculer Comons, and likewise the Owners and suche as have or shall have InPeste in any severall surrounded Groundes lyinge within or neere the same, may contracte or bargaine for parte of such Comons Wastes and Severals aforesaide withe suche p6one and psons whiche will undertake the drainynge and keepinge drie ppetuallie the Severals Wastes or C5mons of that qualitie; whiche Contracte and Bargaine and Conveiances thereupon made shalbe good and available in Law to all construccbns and purposes, againste the saide Lordes of the saide Soile and Owners of Severall, and their Heires Successors and Assignes, and all the Comoners and suche as shall or myghte have Comon or Interest there afterwardes, accordinge to the Contracts Covenants Pvisions and Agreements in those Conveiances to be spified, and for soe muche of such Comons Wastes or Severals as shall be soe cont'cted or conveied, to holde and enjoy in sePalde to suche psone and psons his or their Assignee or Assignees as shall or have undertaken the same in suche manner and forme as his or their Estates and InPeste are or shall bee, by or upon suche Contracts or Agreements by suche Conveiances, lymytted or appointed.

Advantages of reclaiming Marshes, &c. subject to Common Rights;

Lords of Manors, and Majority of Commoners, See. may contract for draining such Marshes, he.


«I Q


978

43° Eliz. c. 11,12.

A.D. 1601.

ii.

Where the Crown ii Owner of the Soil of the Commons, the Contract shall be certified into Chancery, (or the Duchy Court of Lancaster,) and the Roysd Assent given under Seal.

III. Proviso for Common Rights and Liberties not affected by the Contract.

IV.

Not to prejudice any Harbours, See.

Provided notwithstandinge and be it enacted by the Authorise aforesaide. That in all cases where your Highnes your Heires or Successors, is or shall bee Lorde or Owner of the Freeholde of the Soile of such Wastes or Comons or any parte of the same, that the moste parte of the Comoners in suche your Highnes Soile shal or may contracte bargaine assigne and set foorthe, as is aforesaide, parte of their Comon therein to any psone or psons whiche will undertake the draynynge of that whole Comon, accordinglie as the Lordes and the moste parte of the Comoners in the surrounded Wasts or C5mons aforesaide of Bodies Politike or Corporate may doe, as is before declared; whiche shall bynde and be good and availeable againste all the saide Comoners their Heires Executors or Assignes; and all others that shall hereafter by reason of any their Resiancie claime any comon of Pasture in the saide Wastes or Comon Groundes, whereof the Soyle dothe or shall ptaine to your Majestie, of and for all their Intereste or dayme of Comon therein; to holde accordinge to the true intente and effecte of suche Contracte Bargaine Assignemente and Conveiances, by writinge indented sealed and delyvered by the moste parte of suche Comoners, as shalbe made betwene the moste parte of suche Comoners and suche Undertakers: But shall not in any sorte be of any effecte or validitie againste your Highnes your Heires Successors or Assignes, or their Estate or Estates in or to the Soile thereof, excepte suche Conveiances be by writinge indented in parchemente, and one parte thereof under the Handes and Seales of moste parte of the Comoners soe contractinge the same, certified unto your Highnes Courte of Chauncerie, if the Wastes or Soyles shall bee of the Possessions of your Highnes Crowne of Englande, and excepte your Majesties Royall consente be obtained thereunto and signified by and under your Highnes Privie Seale or Greate Seale, and enrolled in your Highnes saide Courte of Chauncerie; and after suche assente soe had signified and enrolled, then the same Contracte and Covenants shall be good and availeable to all and everie suche Undertakers their Heires and Assignes, againste your Highnes your Heires and Successors accordinge to the Pvisions Agreements and Covenants soe assented unto by your Highnes your Heires and Successors: And where they are of the Possession of the Dutchie of Lancaster, then the saide Contracte Bargaine Assignment of or from your Highnes shall not bee of any effecte or validitie, againste your Highnes your Heires Successors and Assignes, except such Contract and Bargaine touchinge the pmysses, and suche Assignemente and settinge for the of suche parte to the saide Undertakers to holde in severaltie, be by writinge indented in parchmente sealed and dilivered by the saide Comoners or the moste parte of them and the saide Undertakers, and one parte thereof certified under the Handes and Seales of the moste parte of the Comoners into your Highnes Courte of the Dutchie of Lancaster for the tyme beinge, and your Majesties Royall Consente under the Seale of the saide Dutchie obteyncd thereunto and there enrolled in that Courte: Whiche Consent Royall beinge obteyned, for the Soile of suche Waste beinge of the Possessions of the Crowne, and under the Seale of the saide Dutchie, of your Highnes Soyle of suche Wastes as are of those Possessions, the saide Undertakers and their Heires and Assignes shall and maye enjoy in severaltie the Soile of soe muche Waste and Comon as was soe contracted for assigned and set foorthe by the moste parte of your Highnes Comoners, in suche sorte and qualitie as the saide Undertakers shall holde and enjoye the Intereste of CSmon to all intentes and p'poses.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That this Acte or any thinge therein contained shall not extende to the impairinge dymynishinge lettinge takinge away or extinguishinge of the Intereste of the Comoners, or any of them, or of the Lordes or Owners of the Soyle, of in or to any parte of the Residue of the Wastes or Comons whiche is not or shall not be soe set foorthe or assigned to the Undertakers; Nor to any Franchises or Liberties, or Waife Stray Leete Law day nor other Libties, to be used or taken in the parte so to the saide Undertakers assigned; but that as well the C5moners and Lordes and Owners of that Soile shall and may enjoy their Comons in the Residue thereof, and the Queenes Majestie her Heires and Successors, and the Lordes and Owners shall and maye have and enjoye such Liberties and Franchises in such their parte as heretofore was lawfullie used, and as they or any of them shoulde or myghte have done if this Acte, or suche Contracte Bargaine and Assignemente, had never beene ; Any thinge in this Statute conteined to the cont*rie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extende, either to any Bargaine Sale Agreemente Graunte Conveiance or Assurance, or to the innynge drayninge or laying drie of any C5mons Marshes or surrounded Groundes, wherebie or by meanes whereof any of the Havens or Portes of this Realme of England may be in any sorte annoyed empayred or hindred; nor to any Groundes within Eighte Myles of Yarmouthe, or Sixe Myles of Lyn within the Countie of Norffolke.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte con&iinge matters of Assurances, amongste Marchantes

Advantages resulting to Merchants, from Policies of Assurance on Ships and Goods, and a Mode of Arbitration as to Losses under such Policies.

WHEREAS it ever hathe bene the Policie of this Realme by all good meanes to comforte and encourage the Merchante, therebie to advance and increase the generall wealthe of the Realme, her Majesties Customes and the strengthe of Shippinge, which Considera£&n is nowe the more requisite, because Trade and Traffique is not at this psente soe open as at other tymes it hathe bene: And whereas it hathe bene tyme out of mynde an usage amongste Merchantes, both of this Realme and of forraine Nacyons, when they make any greate adventure (speciallie into remote partes) to give some consideradbn of Money to other psons (which comonlie are in npe small number) to have from

b

Go

A.D.\60\

43° Eliz. c. 12, 13,

979

r

them assurance made of their Goodes Merchandizes Ships and Things adventured, or some parte thereof, at suche rates and in such sorte as the Parties assurers and the Parties assured can agree, whiche course of dealinge is comonly termed a Polide of Assurance ; by meanes of whiche Policies of Assurance it comethe to passe, upon the losse or perishinge of any Shippe there followethe not the undoinge of any Man, but the losse lightethe rather easilie upon many, then heavilie upon fewe, and rather upon them that adventure not then those that doe adventure, whereby all Merchantes, spiallie the younger sorte, are allured to venture more willinglie and more freelie: And whereas heretofore suche Assurers have used to stande so justlie and pciselie upon their credites, as fewe or no ControvWs have risen thereupon, and if any have growen the same have from tyme to tyme bene ended and ordered by certaine grave and discreete Merchantes, appointed by the Lorde Mayor of the Citie of London, as Men by reason of their experience fitteste to understande, and speedilie to decide those Causes; untill of late yeeres that divers peons have withdrawen themselves from that arbitrarie course, and have soughte to drawe the parties assured to seeke their moneys of everie severall Assurer, by Suites comenced in her Majesties Courtes, to their greate charges and delayes: For Remedie whereof be it enacted by the authorise of this psente Parliamente, That it shall and may be lawfull for the Lorde ChaunceUor, or Lorde Keeper of the Great Seale of Englande for the tyme beinge, to awarde foorthe under the Greate Seale of Englande, one generall or standinge Comyssion, to be renewed yeerelie at the leaste and otherwise soe ofte as unto the saide Lorde Chancellor or Lorde Keeper shall seeme good, for the hearinge and determynynge of Causes arisinge, and Pollicies of Assurances, suche as now are or hereafter shall be entred within the office of Assurances within the Citie of London, and whereof no Suite shalbe dependinge the laste day of this Session of Parliamente in any of her Majesties Courtes; whiche Comission shalbe directed unto the Judge of the Admiraltie for the tyme beinge, the Recorder of London for the time beinge, two Doctors of the Civil Lawe, and two cdmon Lawyers, and eighte grave and discrete Merchantes, or to any five of them; whiche Comyssioners, or the greater parte of them, whiche shall sit and meete, shall have by vertue of this psent Acte full power and aucthoritie to heare examyne order and decree all and everie suche cause and causes concernynge Policies of Assurances, in a briefe and sumarie course, as to theire discrecon shall seeme meete, withoute formalities of Pleadinges or Pceedingf.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That it shall be lawfull for the saide Comyssioners, as well to wame any of the parties to come before them as alsoe to examyne upon Oathe any Witnessthat shalbe pduced, and to comytt to prison without Bade or Maineprise, any pson that shall wilfullie contemne or disobey their fynall Orders or Decrees; And that the saide Comyssioners shall once everie weeke at the leaste meete and sit upon the execuftn of the saide Comission in the Office of the Assurances, or in some other convenient publike place by them to be assigned; and that noe psone by vertue of this Acte may clayme or exacte any Fee for any matter or cause concernynge the execuc&n of the saide Comyssion.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any psone shall be grieved by Sentence or Decree of the saide Comissioners, that suche psone so grieved may, at any tyme within two monethes of the saide Decree soe made, exhibite his Bill into the Highe Courte of Chauncerie for the re-exaiaf&n of such Decree; soe as everie pson Complaynante, before hee shall exhibite any suche Bill, doe either execute and satisfie the saide Sentence soe awarded, or at the leaste lay downe, in deposito withe the said Comissioners, such sumes of money as he shall be awarded to pay, and that upon soe doyinge the saide Complaynante shalbe enlarged of his Imprisonmente; and that the Lorde ChaunceUor or Lorde Keeper for the tyme beinge shall have full power and authoritie, by vertue of this Acte, upon everie Complainte made (in order as aforesaide) to reverse or affirme everie suche Sentence or Decree accordinge to Equitie and Consciencej And that the saide Lorde ChaunceUor or Lorde Keeper, in everie suche

Suite broughte before hym as aforesaide by such Assurers, and decreede againste the saide Assurers, shall awarde

double Costes to the partie assured.

Provided nev^theles. That noe Cornyssioner shall intermeddle in the execuc&n of any suche Comission, in any cause or matter of Assurance where hymselfe shalbe either a partie assurer, or assured, in the same Assurance whiche is broughte in question; nor that any Comyssioner, (other then the said Judge of the Admiraltie and the Recorder of

London,) shall deale or pcede in the execuf&n of any suche C5mission before he have taken his Corporall Oathe,

before the Lorde Mayor and Courte of Aldermen of the Citie of London, to pceede uprightlie and indifferentlie betwene partie and partie.

Commissioners shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor to determine Dispute* on such Policies of Assurance.

II.

Commissioners authorized to examine on Oath, kc.

III.

Remedy by Appeal to Chancery against Decreet of Commissioners.

IV.

Commissioners shall not act where interested, and shall be sworn.

CHAPTER XIH.

An Acte for the more peaceable Government of the partes of Cumberland Northumbland WestiQand and the

Bishopricke of Durham.

FORASMUCH as now of late yeeres verie many of her Majesties Subjects, dwellinge and inhabitinge within the Counties of Cumberland Northumbland Westiftland and the Bishopricke of Duresme, have beene taken, some for the of theire owne Howses and some in travailinge by the highe waye or otherwise, and carried out of the same Counties, or to some other places within some of the saide severall Counties, as Prisoners, and kepte barbarouslie and crucllie, untill they have bene redeemed by greate Ransomes; And where now of late tyme there have been many Incursions

Outrages in the Counties of Cumberland, Kc. and black Mail required as a Contribution.

980

48° Eliz. c. 13

A.D.\60\

All Pcnoni in such Counties declared Felons without Clergy who shall detain or take any as Prisoners for Ransom, Jrc. or who shall take or give Black Mail for Protection ; or who shall burn Barns or Stacks of Corn.

Roades Robberies and burnynge and spoilinge of Townes Villages and Howses within the said Counties, that divers and sundrie of her Majesties lovynge Subjects within the saide Counties, and the Inhabitants of divers Townes there, have bene inforced to pay a certaine rate of Money Corne Cattell or other Considerafftn, comonlie there called by the name of Blacke maile, unto divers and sundrie inhitinge upon or neere the Borders, beinge Men of Name, and friended and alied withe divers in those partes, whoe are comonly knowen to be greate Robbers and Spoile takers within the saide Counties, to the ende therebie to be by them freede protected and kepte in safetie from the daunger of such as doe usuallie robbe and steale in those parts; By reason whereof many of the Inhabitants thereaboutes, beinge her Majesties Tenants or other good Subjectes, are muche impoverished, and Thefre and Robberie muche encreased, and the maintainers thereof greatlie encouraged, and the service of those Borders and Frontiers muche weakned and decayed, and divers Townes thereaboutes muche dispeopled and laide waste, and her Majesties owne Revenewe greatlie dymynished; whiche heinous and outragious Mysdemeanors there, cannot soe well by the ordinarie Officers of her Majestie in those partes bee spedilie prevented or suppssed, withoute further p vision of Lawe: Foa remedie whereof bee it enacted by the authoritie of this Psente Parliamente, That whoesoever shall at any tyme hereafter, without good and lawfull warrante or authoritie, take any of her Majesties Subjects againste his or their will or willes, and carie them oute of the same Counties, or to any other place within any of the saide Counties, or detaine force or imprison him or them as Prisoners, or againste his or their willes, to ransome them, or to make a praye or spoile of his or their Psone or Goodes, upon deadlie feude or otherwise, or whosoever shalbe privie consentinge aidinge or assistinge unto any suche takinge detayninge carryinge awaye, or peure the takinge detainynge or carryinge away of any suche psone or psons Prisoners as aforesaide, or whosoever shall take receive or carie, to the use of hymselfe or wittinglie to the use of any other, any Money Corne Cattell or other Considersc6n, commonlie called Blacke mayle, for the ptectinge or defendinge of hym or them, or his or their Landes Tenements Goodes or Chattels from such Thefts Spoiles and Robberies as is aforesaide, or whosoever shall give any suche Money Come Cattell or other Consideration called Blacke mayle, for suche ptec£6n as is aforesaide, or shall wilfullie and of malice bume or cause to be burned, or aide peure or consente to the burnynge of, any Barne or Stacke of Come or Graine, within any the saide Counties or Places aforesaide, and shall bee of the saide severall Offences, or of any of them indicted and lawfullie convicted, or shall stande mute, or shall challenge pemptorilie above the number of twentie, before the Justices of Assises Justices of Gaole Deliverie Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Justices of Peace within any of the saide Counties at some of their geSall Sessions within some of the saide Counties to be holden, shall be reputed adjudged and taken to be as Felons, and shall suffer Paines of Deathe, withoute any Benefite of Clergie Sanctuarie or Abjurac&n, and shall forfeite as in case of Felonie.

II.

Proclamation! shall be made of the Names of all Peraom outlawed, for OSencea of Robbery, &c. within the aaid Counties, See.

And Where divers and sundrie psons within the saide Counties, being indicted and outlawed for Murders Robberies Burglaries or other Felonies, doe notwithstandinge ordinarilie resorte and come to Markets Faires and other publike Assemblies and Meetingf, and doe there converse traffique and trade withe other her Majesties Subjectes, and are entertained, and have the priviledge, as Men obediente to Lawes, and yet doe never yeelde themselves to triall of Lawe, nor are apprehended; wherebie the ordinary pceedinge of Lawe and execucSn of Justice in those partes are growen now into verie greate Contempte: Be it therefore likewise further enacted, That everie Clerke of the Peace, within everie of the saide Counties, shall within the space of two monethes nexte after any Outlawrie within any of the saide Counties, deliver or cause to be delivered by writinge under his Hande the names of all and everie suche as arf or shalbe hereafter outlawed, within their sePall Counties, to all and everie the Shirifes of the saide sev*all Counties; id all and everie the saide Sherifs shall proclaime and publishe them to be outlawed in their severall Countie Courtes, and in the Citie of Carlioll, the Townes of Penrethe and Cockermouthe in the Countie of Cumbland, and in the Townes of Appulbie and Kendall in the Countie of Westniland, and in the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne in the Countie of the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, and in the Townes of Morpethe Alnewicke and Hexam in the Countie of Northumbland, and in the Citie of Duresme, and Townes of Darlington Bishoppe Awcland and Barnard Castle within the saide Bishopricke of Duresme, and in the Towne of Barwicke upon Twede: And that the saide Sherifs, havynge notice as aforesaide, shall from tyme to tyme, once in the monethe, at their Countie Courte, proclaime everie of the saide psons soe outlawed or hereafter to be outlawed, untill they shall yeelde their bodies to prisone; and likewise that the Mayors Baylifs Aldermen or other chiefe Officers, within the saide sev^all Cities and Townes, shall pelayme the like at everie Faire or Faires to be kepte within the saide Cities or Townes, and once everie sixe weekes at their Markets.

Penalty on*Penona And be it alsoe enacted, That if any psone or psons, inhabitinge within any the saide sev’all Counties, shall having Intercourae, wittinglie and willinglie have Conference Talke, or in any sorte shall relieve entertaine or conferre, with any suche Outlawa i psone or psons soe outlawed or hereafter to be outlawed for any such Murthers Robberies Burglaries or other Felonies,

Impnaonmtnt, &c. havynge knowledge of the same Outlawries by reason of the same Proclaymac6n or otherwise, and then shall not withe convenient speede doe his beste indevo' to take and arreste any suche pson or psons soe outlawed or to be outlawed as is aforesaide, shall suffer imprisonment by the space of sixe monethes without Baile or Mainprise, and be bounde withe two sufficient Sureties for his good behavior for the space of one yeere after, before he be enlarged of his imprisonment.

Juaticea of Aa»iae And * *"rther enacted, That the Justices of Assise within any of the saide Counties, Justices of Gaole Deliverie,

&c. ahall determine Justices of Oyer and Termyner, or Justices of Peace within any of the saide Counties, at any of their generall Sessions shall have power and authoritie, by vertue of this Acte, to enquire heare and determyne of the Offences and


A.D. 16Q1.

43° Eliz. c. 13, 14.

981

defaultes of the said Sherifs Mayors Bailifes Aldermen and other Officers, and of the Clerkes of the Peace within the saide Counties, and pceede against them by Informacftn or Indictmente, and punyshe them by Fine Imprisonment or otherwise, as they shall thinke fyt.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte nor any thinge therein contained shall not extende to abbridge or impeache the proyiw f0'r

Jurisdice&n or Authoritie of any the Lordes Wardens of any the Marches of Enelande, for and anenste Scotland ; Anv L°rd* Warden* ..... . . ..... *> 3 of the Marches,

thmge in this presente Acte to the contrane notwithstandmge.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte conSiinge the Assize of Fewell.

XX THERE AS in the Parliament holden at Westni in the seventhe yeere of Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, one Acte was V \ made touching the assized Talewood Billets and Faggots to be spente in London and Westni, the whiche Assize weere verie meete and convenient should be kepte in all places throughe this Realme, where suche Talewood Billets and Faggots are used to be spente; Nev'theles the Forfeiture conteined in the said Statute, for everie Shide of Talewood Billet and Faggot lackinge the Assize beinge put to Sale, is Three shillingf and foure pence, whiche penaltie is over heavie and extreame, consideringe the same dependethe upon the faulte of poore labouringe men whiche doe cut marke and make the same many times withoute the knowledge or consente of the Seller: For remedie whereof be it enacted by the authoritie of this psente Parliament, That soe muche of the saide Statute as concernethe the forfeiture of three shillingf foure pence, for everie Shide of Talewood Billet or Faggot lackinge the Assize conteined therein, shall from henceforthe be voide and of none effecte; And yet the Assize for the saide Talewood Billet and Faggots shall still contynue in force, not onelie for London and Westni, but alsoe in all other Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate of this Realme where suche Talewood Billets and Faggots are accustomed to be soulde.

And Be it further enacted, That if any pson or psons shall, after the firste daye of Maye nexte now ensuynge, bringe any Talewood Billet or Faggot to any Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate within this Realme, there to be soulde, or beinge broughte shall put the same to sale, neither beinge of the Assize mencioned in the saide Statute made in the seventhe yeere of Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, or agreeinge withe the measures hereafter in this Acte limitted, that then upon informac&n thereof given to the Mayor Bay life or other Heade Officer of the said Citie Boroughe or Towne corporate, they shall have power and authoritie to call before them sixe good and lawfull men of the saide Citie Borough or Towne corporate, and shall sweare them upon their corporall Oathes truelie to enquire and p'sente whether all or any parte of the saide Talewood Billet or Faggots be of good and sufficient Assize, accordinge to the saide Statute, and the limitac&n of Assize herein conteined, or not; And if they shall p'sente upon their Oathes that any of the same Talewood Billettes or Faggots be not of suche good and sufficient Assize as abovesaide, that then the saide Maior Bailiffes and other Heade Officers of the saide Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate, by force of this Acte, upon their Psentmente, shall and may take suche of the same Talewood Billets and Faggots as be false sized, as forfeited, and shall deliver the same unto some OvWrs for the Poore in the saide Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate, to be by them given and distributed to the Poore there, accordinge to their discrefbns, from tyme to tyme as often as suche Offences shalbe psented in manner and forme abovesaide.

And Whereas in the said former Statute it was enacted and limitted, That everie [Taleshide '3 shall conteine in length Foure Foote besides the Carffe j And everie [Taleshide *] named (’) one, shoulde conteine in greatnes, within One Foote of the middeste, Sixteene Inches aboute; And everie [Taleshide'] named of two, to conteine in greatnes, within a Foote of the middeste, Twentie and three Inches aboute ; And everie [Taleshide 1 ] named of three, to conteine in greatnes, within One Foot to the middeste, Twentie eighte Inches aboute; And everie [Taleshide ‘ 3 named of sower, to conteine in greatnes, within One Foote of the middeste, Thirtie three Inches aboute ; And everie [Taleshide1 ] name of five, to conteine in greatnes, within One Foote of the middeste, Thirtie eighte Inches aboute; And everie Billet to conteine in lengthe Three Foote Fower Inches ; And everie Billet named a Single, to conteine Seven Inches and a Ilalfe aboute; And everie Billet named to be a Caste, to conteine Tenne Ynches aboute; And everie Billet named of Two Caste to conteine Fourteene Ynches aboute; And everie [Faggot bend3 3 or sticke to conteine in lengthe Three Foote ; And the Bonde of everie such Faggot to be of Foure and twentie Ynches aboute besides the Knot; In whiche Acte it was further enacted, That all Billets of Two Caste should be marked within Sixe ynches of the midste thereof; And everie Billet of One Caste to be marked onely within Foure Ynches of the ende thereof; as in the saide Acte of Parliamente amongste divers other Clauses Articles and Pvisions dothe and maye appeare : And Whereas divers evill disposed psons, evadinge from the true intente good meanynge and purpose of the saide saide Acte of Parliament, having cunynglye devised, by cleavinge of Wood made or to be marked for Talewood or Billet, and by stopping of Faggots with shorte Stickes

> Tall Shide 0.

3 Fagotbed }&• 7 E. FI. c. 7. $ I.

Penalty for Breach of Auiae of Fuel under Statute

7E.yi.c7.

repealed ; but the Assize to be preserved.

II.

Mayors, &c. shall inquire by Inquest of Six Persons, whether Fuel is of the proper Assise, and if not it shall be forfeited.

III.

Explanation of the Measurement and Assize of Wood, according to the true Intent of the Stat. 7 E.VI. c. 7.


11 R

Original from PENN STATE

982

43° Eliz. c. 14,15,

A.D. 1601

IV.

All Surplus shall be for Benefit of the Buyer.

V.

Dimensions of Billets.

VI. Dimensions of Faggots.

St. a, j E.VI. c.a8. as to lerying Fines in Chester, does not extend to the County of the City of Chester.

aboute the middeste thereof, soe to deceive and abuse the Subjectes of this Realme, as many tymes they sell the one halfe or little more for the whole; and yet soe cunynglie caried that by the strickte letter of the saide Statute they cannot be comptroled, by reason the saide Statute usethe onelie the worde (Aboute) and wantethe the worde (Rounde); And whereas by the true intente of the said Statute everie Bende of Faggot shoulde be Three Foote, and the Bonde besides the Knot Foure and twentie Ynches, the said evill disposed people doe not onelie make the saide Bendes or Faggots stickes much shorter, but if any chance to be of sufficient lengthe, then onelie one or two of those shall be put in a Faggot, and the Bonde filled up withe shorte Stickes or Bendes scarce One Foote longe, to the great damage and deceipte of her Majesties Subjectes buyinge the same: For avoidinge of all whiche deceits for ever hereafter, and to avoide all scruple ambiguitie or doubte hereafter to be made of the saide Statute or the true meanynge thereof, and for that it muste needes be pmitted to cleave greate Trees into Talwood or Billet for convenience of use, Be it therefore (for explanac&n of the true intente of the said Statute) enacted by authoritie of this psente Parliament, That from and after the firste day of May now next comynge, everie Tall Shide marked of One, beinge rounde bodied, shall contone Sixteene Yynches of Assise in compasse, beinge of halfe rounde Nyneteene Ynches of Assise aboute, being quarter clefte Eighteene Ynches and a Halfe of Assize aboute; And that everie Tall Shide marked Two, beinge rounde bodied, shall conteine in compasse Three and twentie Inches of Assise aboute, beinge halfe rounde Seven and twentie Ynches of Assize aboute, beinge of quarter clefte Sixe and twentie Inches of Assize about; And everie Tall shide marked Three shall conteine in compasse aboute, beinge rounde, Eight and twentie Ynches of Assise, being halfe rounde to conteine in compasse Three and thirtie Ynches of Assize, beinge of quarter clefte Two and thirtie Inches of Assise aboute -, And everie Tall shide marked Foure to conteine in compas, beinge rounde. Three and thirtie Inches of Assize, being halfe round Nyne and thirtie Ynches of Assize aboute, beinge of quarter clefte Eighte and thirtie Inches of aboute; And everie Tall shide marked Five shall conteine in compasse, beinge rounde, Eighte and thirtie Inches of Assize aboute, being halfe round Foure and sortie Inches of Assize aboute, and beinge quarter clefte Three and sortie Inches of Assise aboute; All whiche to be measured aboute within Sixe Inches of the midste thereof, and to conteine the lengthe limitted by the saide Statute; And in all other formes or manner of cleavinge of Wood, to be hereafter marked and soulde for Talewood, which will not admit the former formes or manner of cleavinge nor any of these, to observe the Letter of the saide Statute of An. vij Ed. VI. chap. vij.

And for the better understandings of the intente of this Statute, Be it enacted by y' Authoritie aforesaide. That in everie one of these Formes the surplusage of compasse, that shall happen betweene any two nexte measures being above the one and under the other in everie kinde, shall be demed allowed and taken to be for and to the benefit of the Buyer, and not otherwise to be computable.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That everie Billet named a Single shall conteine in compasse beinge rounde bodied, Seven Inches and a Halfe of Assise, and no Singles to be made or marked out of clefte wood ; And everie Billet marked One, comonlie called a Caste, to conteine in compasse aboute Eleven Inches of Assize, being rounde, and beinge halfe rounde to conteine in compasse Thirtene Inches of Assize aboute, and beinge quarter clefte to conteine in compasse aboute Twelve Inches and and an Halfe: And everie Billet marked Two, commonlie called Two Caste, to conteine in compasse about, being rounde, Sixteene Inches of Assise, and beinge halfe rounde to conteine in compasse aboute Nineteene Ynches of Assize, and beinge of quarter clefte to conteine in compasse aboute Eighteene Inches and a Halfe of Assize; And in all other Formes or Manner of cleavynge of Billet, to be hereafter marked and solde for Billettes, whiche will not admit the former Formes or Manner of cleavinge, nor any of them, And touchinge the lengthe of all the said Billet, to observe the Letter of the saide Statute of Anno vij Edward VI. cap. vij.

And be it alsoe enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That all Faggots hereafter to be made and put to Sale shall conteine in compasse, besides the Knot of the Bonde, Foure and twentie Inches of Assise, and everie Faggot Sticke or Bende within the saide Bonde to conteine in lengthe full Three Foote of Assise or more; exceptinge onelie one Sdcke or Bende to bee of One Foote longe to stoppe or harden the bindinge thereof.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte for the leviynge of Fynes withe Pclamac&n, of Landes within the Countie of the Citie of Chester.

WHEREAS by an Acte made in the Parliament holden at Westminster by Progaf&n, in the seconde yeere of the V V Reigne of our late SoPaigne Lorde of famous memorie King Edwarde the Sixte, intituled An Acte for Fynes withe Proclamac&ns in the Counde Palatine of Chester, It was enacted, That all Fynes which at any tyme thereafter shoulde be leavied or knowledged before the highe Justice of the saide Kinge, or of his Heires and Successors, of his Countie Palatine of Chester for the tyme beinge, or before the Deputie or Lieutenant Justice for the tyme beinge, of any Landes Tenements or other Hereditaments lyinge and beinge within the saide Countie Palatine of Chester, whiche shoulde be openlie reade and pelaymed in suche manner and forme as in and by the saide Acte is particularlie appointed, shoulde be of like force strengthe and eifecte in the lawe to all Intentes Constructions and Purposes as fynes duelie levied withe Proclamat&ns before the saide Kings Justices of his Comon Pleas were; And Forasmuch as the saide Acte dothe not extende to any Landes Tenements or other Hereditaments lyinge and beinge within the Countie

Gck-

A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 15.

983

of the Citie of Chester, the saide Citie withe the Suburbes and Hamlets thereof, and all the Lande within the precincte and circuit of the saide Citie Suburbes and Hamlets, beinge- longe before, by our late SoPaigne Lorde of famous memorie King Henrie the Seventhe, by his Highnes letters patentes bearinge date at Chester the sixte day of Aprill in the one and twendethe yeere of his Raigne, divided exempted and in all thinges separated from the saide Counbe of Chester, and from thenceforthe made and appointed to bee a Countie by it selfe, and in it selfe disdncte and separate from the saide Countie of Chester; soe that the Inhabitants within the saide Citie and all others, beinge Owners of Landes within the Counde of the saide Citie, have no meanes to leavie any Fines of suche their saide Landes, in any of her Highnes Courtes of Recorde: May it therefore please your moste excellent Majestie, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Chraons of this Realme in this pWnte Parliament assembled, That it may be enacted by the authoride of the same. That from henceforthe it shall and may be lawfull to and for all and everie psone or psons whatsoever, upon any originall Writ or Writs of Covenant, or any other originall Writ or Writs whereupon Fynes are or have been usuallie leavied, to be purchased out of her Highnes Courte of Exchequer within the saide Counde Paladne Port-moot Court, of Chester, retornable before the Mayor of the saide Cide for the tyme beinge in the Portmoote Courte to be holden ?n TenCourta! within the saide Cide, to leavie any Fyne or Fines of any Landes Tenements or Hereditaments lyinge or beinge within be of equity the saide Countie of the saide Citie of Chester, before the Mayor of the saide Cide for the tyme beinge, in the saide itc.^n ,he city, ai Portmoote Courte, in suche manner and forme as Fynes may be leavied by any Lawes or Statutes of this Realme before the Queenes Majesdes highe Justice of her Counde Palatine of Chester, of Landes within the same Counde County are of Paladne; And that the Maior of the saide Cide for the tyme beinge shall from henceforthe have full power and L*ndi there-authoride to receive and recorde all and everie such Fyne and Fynes; And that all and everie suche Fyne and Fynes whiche shalbe so leavied, and whiche shall be openlie read and pclaimed before the Maior of the saide Cide for the tyme beinge in the said Portmoote Courte, once at the same Courte day that the saide fyne or fynes shall be ingrossed, and once at everie of the nine nexte Courte daies of Portmoote to be holden within the saide Cide before the Maior thereof for the tyme beinge, nexte after the leavyinge and engrossinge of such Fyne or Fynes, shalbe of like force strengthe and effecte in the Lawe, to all Intents Construcc&ns and p'poses, as Fynes duelie leavied with Pdamacbns before her Majesties saide highe Justice of her Counde Paladne of Chester, of Landes within the same Counde Paladne are or oughte to be of.

Finei levied before the Mayor of the uid City in the

II.

And Whereas alsoe the Maior of the saide Citie for the tyme beinge hathe bene ever heretofore (for and duringe all Power of the Mayor the tyme whereof the memorie of Man is not to the contrarie) accustomed in all and everie comon Recoverie of Se^imm"* or RecovW suffered before hym in the saide Courte of Portemoote, in absence of the Tenante or Tenants Vouchee Potestatem^ ^ or Vowchees in such Recov'ye or Recoveries, to awarde and sende foorthe of the saide Courte a Writ Pcesse or of Attorney a,"n p>cept of Dedim9 potestatem, in the name of our Soveraigne Ladie the Queenes Majestie that now is, and of her Highnes Progenitors Kinges and Queenes of Englande for the tyme beinge, under the Teste of the saide Maior for the tyme beinge, and sealed withe the Seale of his Office, therebie authorisinge those to whome the same was directed, or some of them, to receive Warrants of Atturneys from suche Tenant or Tenants Vowchee or Vowchees to such Atturney or Atturneys as the saide Tenant or Tenants Vouchee or Vouchees woulde in his or their place or places constitute, for hym or them to appeare in the saide Court, and to gaine or lose the said Landes Tenements or Hereditaments in or by such Recoverie or Recov’ies demanded or to be recovered: Be it alsoe enacted by the authoride aforesaide. That upon all and everie such originall Writ or Writs hereafter to be purchased out of her Like Power given Highnesse said Courte of Exchequer as aforesaide for the levyinge of any Fyne or Fynes within the saide Citie of Wnu^orthe Chester, the Maior of the said Citie for the tyme beinge shall for ever hereafter have full power and authoride to Acknowledgment awarde and sende for the such like Writ or Writs Processe or Precepts of Dedim9 potestatem as is aforesaide, to any two or moe sufficient psons, authorizinge them or some of them to receive and take the Acknowledgment of such psone or psons as shall be willinge to levy such Fyne or Fynes, and by reason of sicknesse or other reasonable impediment cannot come in psone before the said Maior for the tyme beinge to make suche Acknowledgement; and that all and everie such Fyne and Fynes as, upon anie suche Acknowledgement made and certified into the saide Courte of Portmoote, shalbe hereafter engrossed recorded and pclaymed in suche maner and forme as is formerlie limitted and appointed, before the Mayor of the saide Citie for the tyme beinge, in the saide Courte of Portmoot, shalbe of like force and effecte to all Internes Construccbns and Purposes as if the same Fyne or Fynes had been psonallie acknowledged before the saide Maior, and ingrossed recorded and pclaymed in such manner and forme as in and by this p*sente Acte is formerlie limitted appointed exposed and declared.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That Fynes to be levied by vertue of this Acte shall be subjecte to be reversed, and may be reused, upon Writs of Errour to be sued and psecuted before the saide Highe Justice of the said Counde Palatine of Chester, as other Judgements given by the saide Maior in the saide Portmoote Courte may be and have used to be, if there shall be found Errour in the same Fyne or Fynes.

IIL Fine* may be reverted by Writ of Error before the Justice of the County Palatine.

di i

984

43° Eliz. c. 16, IT.

A.D. 1601.

Recital of Stit. u H.VIII. c.y. as to Bridge* in Counties, Xtc.

Bridges of Eden and Prestbecke, near Carlisle, shall be kept in Repair by the County of Cumberland, by Rates to be raised under recited Act.

II.

LordahipofMyllani exempted from Charge to the said Bridges.

Grant, by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury, of Four Subsidies of 4*. in the Pound:

Tenor of the said Grant:

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte for the reedifienge repairinge and maintayninge of Two Bridges over the Ryver of Eden, neere the

Citie of Carlile in Cumbland.

WHEREAS by an Acte, made in the two and twentieth yeere of Kinge Henrie the Eighte, it was enacted That all decayed Bridges, beinge withoute Citie or Towne Corporate, shoulde be repaired at the Costes and Charges of the Inhabitants of the Shire or Ridinge within the whiche the saide Bridges decayed should happen to be; And if it be within anie Citie or Towne Corporate, then by the Inhabitantes of everie suche Citie or Towne Corporate wherein suche Bridges shall happen to be: And whereas there is two greate Bridges of Tymber, the one called Eden Bridge and the other Prestbecke Bridge, standinge over the River of Eden, bothe of the said Bridges beinge nighe adjoyninge to the saide Citie of Carliel, and not belonginge thereto, yet nevWlesse are moste necessarie and behoovefull for the comon use and passage of your Majesties Subjectes in those partes towardes the Borders of England againste Scotland, as alsoe for cariage and convoy of such Munition and Forces as are sente into those Northe partes for the necessarie Defence thereof, (without the whiche no Passage is there to be had,) the one of the saide Bridges, called Eden Bridge, beinge now of late fallen downe and utterlie ruyned, and the saide other Bridge called Prestbecke in greate decay, as that the same cannot bee reedified nor repaired by the poore Inhabitants neere the same, by reason of their extreme Poverties and ruyned Estate, without the generall Aide of the saide Countie of Cumberland: Be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie of this psente Parliament, That the said Shire or Countie of Cumberland shal be charged and stande chargeable for the erectinge mainetainynge repairinge amendinge and new makinge of the saide Bridges, when and as often as neede shall require; and that for the assessemente ratinge collecCUn gatheringe and imployinge of such Workes, Sume and Sumes of Money, as from tyme to tyme shall be needfull for the buildinge and repairinge of the saide Bridges, suche forme and order shal be observed in all thinges, by and throughe the said Countie, as is appointed by the foresaide Acte made in the two and twentieth yeare of Kinge Henrie the Eighte to be observed for the repairinge and amendinge of Bridges in sepal 1 Ridingf in like cases.

Provyded alwaies, That this Acte or any thinge therein contained shall not extende to give Power or Authoritie to the Justices of Peace, in the saide Countie of Cumbland, to charge anie the Inhabitants of the Lordshippe of Myllam within the saide Countie, (that are alreadie and tyme out of mynde have bene bounde to amend repaire or reedifie the Bridges upon and over the Ryvers and Streames in the saide Lordshippe at their owne Charges,) withe any Contribuc6n towardes the repairinge or reedifyinge of the Bridges called Eden Bridge and Prestbecke Bridge aforesaide.

[God save the Queene.1]

CHAPTER XVII. (*)

An Actb for the Confirmac&n of the Subsedies graunted by the Clergie.

WHERE the Prelates and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburie, have for certaine Considerations, lovingly and liberaly given and graunted to the Queenes most excellent Majestie, Fowre Subsidies of Fower Shillings in the pounde, to be taken and levied of all and singuler their Promotions Spirituall w,hin the same Province, at such dayes and tymes and in such certeine maner and forme, and w* such Exceptions and Provisions, as be specified and declared in a certaine Instrument by them thereof made, and delivered to the Queenes Highnes, under the Seale of the most Reverend Father in God John nowe Archbishop of Canterburie and Primate of all England, w* Instrument is now exhibited in this present Parliament to be ratified and confirmed : The Tenor whereof ensueth in theise Wordes:

Illustrissime et Serenissimac in Xpo Principi, et Dominae nostrae Clementissimae, Dnae Elizabethae, Dei gratia Anglie Francis: et Hibernia: Regina:, Fidei Defensori, &c. Johannes Divina Providentia Cantuarien Archiepus, totius Anglie Primas et Metropolitanus, omnimodam obedientiam et subjectioem, ac felicitatem et salutem, in eo per quern Reges regnant et Principes dominantur: Vestrac serenissimac Regia sublimitati per presens publicum Instrumentum, sive has Iras nostras testimoniales, significamus et notum facimus, quod Prelati & Clerus nostre Cantuarien Provindae, in sacra Synodo Provinciali sive convocatione, Vigore & aucthoritate brevis Regii vestri in ea parte nobis directi, in domo capitulari Ecclesiae vestrae Cathedralis Sancti Pauli London, vicesimo octavo die mensis Octobris, Anno Dni millesimo sexentesimo primo, jam currente, inchoata et celebrata, ac de die in diem et loco in locum usq* ad et in dedmum octavu diem presentis mensis Novembris continuata et prorogata, in Ecclesia Collegiata divi Petri Westfii, legittime congregati, pro quibusdam magnis arduis et urgentibus causis per nos eis propositis, ac inter eos matura deliberacoe ponderatis, pro defensione Regnorum et Dominiorum vestrorum, necnon & pro eorum erga vestram Regiam sublimitatem officio, Quatuor ultronea ac spontanea et voluntaria Subsidia, vestrae Regiae munificentiae unanimi eorum

1 0. omits.—This is the End of the Inrollment. See Note at the beginning of this Year. * From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.

Gck

A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 17.

985

consensu et assensu dederunt 8c concesserunt, prout tenore presentis publici Instrument), (seriem concessionis hujusmodi in se continentis,) plenius liquet et apparct; Humiliter et obnixe vestre Regia Majestati supplicantes quatenus haw: eorum quatuor Subsidia pro vestra solita dementia benigne acdpiatis, ac bene consulere gratiose dignemini: Tenor vero dicta: Concessionis de verbo in verbum sequitur, et est talis.

Most excellent and most gradous Soveraigne, To' Ma"" most humble Subjects the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterburye, called together by yo' Highnes Aucthoride, and nowe lawfullie assembled and mett together in a Convocation or Synode, acknowledging themselves of all other yo' loyall Subjects most bounden, and yet of all other leaste able to doe yor Majestie that exceptable Service w4 they are willing to doe, have neverthelesse by yo' gracious favou' entered into a due consideration by what meanes in this generall inclination of all sorts of yo' loving Subjects they might best declare their devotions and duties to yo' Highnes, wherein though they fynde noe better meanes in themselves to further and advance yor Royall Estate then by the dilligent dischardge of their function, that is by their earnest Prayres unto God for yor Ma"" peaceable and prosperous Raigne with long and happie lyfe, and by their faithfull instruction of yo' people in their Subjection and Allegiance, yet remembring on thon side the nomber and importance of those benefittf w* yo' MaM" wyse and godly Goverment hath yelded to all degrees and sortes and in a speciall maner unto them (for who hath or should have a lyvelier sense or better remembrance of yo' Mau" princelie courage and constancie in advancinge and protecting the free profession of the Gospel wlbin and without youre Mau" Dominions against so many and mightie Adversaries thereof, or yo' most Xpian care to mannteine peace w^in your Kingdome and amonste your people then your Clergie); And on thother side considering that for the procuringe and continuing of theise inestimable benefittes unto us, yo' Ma"" most sacred pson hath beene often in hazarde and daunger, your Crowne and Dignitie malitiouslie envied and undermyned, your Kingdomes and Dominions troubled and invaded, yo' Roiall Treasure much wasted, the Revenewes of your Crowne greatlie diminished, your Subjects (savinge in cases of extreame Necessitie) gratiously spared and forborne, and that at this present an Armye of Spaniardes (the implacable Enimyes of yo' Realme) have w,h great violence entred into some parte of yo' Ma"" Kingdom of Ireland, whence without great and excessive Charges they will not be expulsed: Wherefore your said Prelates and Cleargie have thought it their duties, besides there continuall intercession unto God for your Highnes prosperirie and safitie to offer unto your Majesty some suche Aide and Contribu£6n of Money towarde the supportac6n of yor Charges, as they are perswaded the present expellinge of this proude Attempte of the Spaniardes and other your Ma'*" most weightie and princely Affaires doe necessarilie and speedily require: May yt therefore please your most excellente Ma"* to understand that your said Prelates and Cleargie, w,h one uniforme Consent Accorde and Agreement, have given and graunted, and by theise presents do give and graunt to your Highnes your Heires and Successors, Fower whole and entire Subsidies in manner and forme followinge ; That is to say j That everie Archbushop Bishoppe Deane Archdeacon Provoste M' of Colledge Prebendarie Parson and Vicar and everie other person and persons of whatsoever Name and Degree he or they be w,hin the Province of Canterbury, having and enyoinge any Spirituail Promotion or other Temporall Possession to the same Spirituall Promotion annexed, now not divided or separated by Acte of Parliament or otherwyse from the possession of the Clergie, shall paie to your Highnes your heires and successors, for everie Pounde that he maie yearely dispende by reason of the sayd Spirituall Promotion, the somme of Fower Shillingf for everie of the sayd Fowre Subsidies : And for the true and certeine value of all the Promotions and everie of them (whereof the paymentf of theise Fower Subsidies shalbe made), the Rate Taxac&n Valuation and Estimation now remayninge of Recorde in yo' Majesties Courte of Excheq' for the paiment of a perpetuall Disme or Tenth graunted unto your Mau" moste Noble Father, in the sixe and twentie yeare of his Raigne, concerning suche Promotions as now be in the Possession of the Clergie, shall only be followed and observed, w^out makinge aide Valewac&n Rate Taxation or Estimation other then in the sayd Recorde is comprised : Provided allwayes. That forasmuch as the tenthe parte of the sayd Rate and Valuation before mentioned, is yearelie paid to youre Highnes for the saide ppetuall Disme, so as there remaineth only nine partes yearely to the Incumbent cleare, These Fowre Subsidies of Fowre Shilling? the pounde shalbe understanded and meant onelie of everie full pounde of the said nine partes and of no more: And youre Prelates and Clergie do also graunt that theise Fower Subsidies of Fower Shillingf of the full pounde of the nine partes of the yearely value of ev\e Spirituall Promotion aforesaid wlhin the sayd Province taxed as is aforesayd shalbe paide to youre Ma* youre Heires and Successours in manner and forme following. That is to say. The whole paiment of the first of these Fowre Subsidies to be due at and upon the xxvj"1 day of March nowe next ensueinge w" shalbe in the yeare of our Lorde God 1602 ; And the fyrst paiment and moitie of the seconde of the sayd Foure Subsidies to be due at and uppon the second daie of October then next and imediatelie following w*" shalbe in the yeare of our Lorde God 1602; And the second paiment and moitie of the second of the sayd Fower Subsidies to be due att and uppon the xxvj41 day of Marche wh* shall be in the yeare of our Lord God 1603 ; And the first payment and moitie of the thirde of theise Fowre Subsidies to be due at and uppon the second day of October w* shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God 1603 ; And the second paimente and moitie of the thirde of the saide Fowre Subsidies to be due at and uppon the xxvjd> day of Marche wch shalbe in the yeare of our Lorde God 1604; And the first paiment and moitie of the fourth of theise Fowre Subsidies to be due at and uppon the second day of October w4 shall be in the yeare of our Lorde God 1604; And the second paiment and moitie of the fourth of theise Fowre Subsidies to be due at and uppon the xxvj daie of Marche w* shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God 1605, to be delivered and paide by suche pson and psons as in this present Graunte shalbe appointed to have the Collection thereof to the Lorde Highe Treasorer or Under Treasorer of England for the tyme being or to such pson or psons and in such place or places as shall please your Highnes to appoinre to be paide, viz’. The whole paiment of the firste of the sayde Fowre Subsidies w* shall be due the xxvj*4 day of March nexte ensuyinge, to be made at or before the xxvj"1 day of Aprill then nexte and imediatlie following; And the first paimente of everie of thother three Subsidies w" shalbe due

Motives for this Grant:

Grant of 41. in the Pound for each of the Four Subsidies, on all Spiritual Promotions, aa valued to the King's Tenth under St. 16H.VIU.C.J.

but parable on Nine-Tenths only;

Times of Payment of the said Four Subsidies, by one Payment in the First Year, and by Two Payments in the Three successive Years.


ii s


986

43° Eliz. c. IT.

A.D. 1601.

Clerk'. Fee on Acquittance to Collector.:

Subsidies not payable on the First Year after Promotion and compounding for First Fruits:

Like Subsidy on Pension, to Priest., &c.

Payments by Stipendiary Priests on agio to aglj, 13s. 4-d. a Year:

sSi 5 and upwards, 20s. a Year.

Bishops, &c. shall be Collectors i

and shall certify Names of

Stipendiary Priests;

uppon the second dale of October as aforesayde, to be made at or before the laste Returne of Hillarie Terme next following e$e of thafforesayde daies when the saide paimentf and moities shal be due; And the second paimente of everie of the sayd Three Subsidies wch shalbe due uppon the xxvjth day of Marche as afforesayd, to be made at or before the last Retourne of Trinitie Tearme next following everie of thafforesayd dayes when the sayd paimentf and moites shalbe due; w^out paying anie thinge to the Receiver or to anie other Officer or Psons to be assigned for the Receipt thereof, for anie Acquittance or other discharge upon anie suche Payment or Receipte of the saide Subsidies or anie parte thereof to be given and delivered but onlie Foure Pence, and y‘ to the Clearke for the writinge of the same Acquietance or Dischardge for every of the same Paimentf. Provided allwayes, That noe pson that is or hereafter shalbe promoted to anie Benifice or Spirituall Promotion, and hath compounded or shall compound w* youre Ma1* youre Heires or Successors for the Firste Frutes of the same, from the xxvj"1 daie of March laste paste, vizt. in the yeare of our Lord God 1601, and on this side the xxvjth daie of Marche wrt shalbe in the yeare of o' Lorde God 160a, shalbe contributorie or charged for the same Benifice or Promoc&n to your Highnes youre Heires or Successors, w* anie parte of the firste of the sayd Fowre Subsidies; And that no psonne w'h hereafter shalbe promoted to anie Benifice or Spirituall Promotion, 8c shall compound w,h your Ma"' your Heires or Successors for the First Fruytes of the same, from the xxvj11* day of Marche, wch shalbe in the yeare of o' Lord God 1602, and on thisside the xxvj* day of Marche w* shalbe in the yeare of o' Lord God 1605, shalbe contributory or charged for the same Benefice or Promotion to your Highnes your Heires or Successors, w* anie parte of the other three Subsidies during the first yeare after the tyme of anie such compoundinge for his Firste Fruites: Item, Your said Prelates and Clergie also doe graunt, that everie Preiste and other Ecclesiasticall person, havinge any Penc&n payable by your Majestie yor Heires or Successors, by reason of the dissolution of the late Monasteries Colledges Free Chappellf Chaunteries Guildes and Hospitalles, or of any other Spirituall Dignitie or Corporac&n nowe dissolved w,hin the said Province of Canterbury, shall likewise pay to yor Highnes yo' Heires and Successors, Fowre Shillinges of everie pounde of the said Pend&ns uppon the xxvj* daie of Marche w* shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God 1602, and thensforth ijs. of every pounde of the said Penc&ns, at such daies and times as the moyetyes of everie of the other three Subsidies are to be paied; And that for the sure payment therof, deduction and detencion of the same shall be made in the Handes of the payers of the said Penc&ns, after the Rate of Fowre Shillinges of the pounde upon the xxvj"1 daie of March in the yeere of our Lord God 1602, and thenceforth after the Rate of Two Shillinges of the pounde, at such dayes and times yearely as the moietie of every of the other three Subsidies are to be paied, to be accompted for and aunswered to yo' MaUc* use by yor Highnes Receivo" and Officers deputed for the payment of such Penc&ns, in their severall Accomptes, w'Hn the w* Allowance shalbe given them for theyre payment? of every such Penc&ns liable to the severall payment? of the said Fowre Subsidies: Item, Yo' said Prelates and Clergie doe graunte, that everie Prieste Deacon or Minister, not chargeable by the former parte of this Graute, receivinge any Stipend for the exercisinge or executinge of any parte of Ecclesiasticall Function or Administration of the Worde or Sacrament? in any Place, aswell exempt as not exempt, beinge noe Perpetuitie, after the rate ofTenne poundes or above and under the sume of xvl. by the yeare w,hin the said Province, shall paye to the use of yo' Highnes yo' Heires and Successors for the first of these Subsidies as before, xiij s. iiij d. at such times and to such persons as the said first Subsidie is to be paid; And at every of the daies appointed by this presente Graunte for the payment of the moieties of thother three Subsidies, vj s. viij d. at such time and to such persons as the said moities of the said three Subsidies are to be paid; And that everie Priest Deacon or Minister not chargeable as is aforesaid, and receivinge any Stipend for the exercisinge or executinge of any parte of Ecctiall Function or Administration of the Worde or Sacrament? in any Place, as well exempte as not exempte, beinge no Perpetuitie, after the Rate of xv t. by the yeare or above, w^in the saide Province, shall paie unto yo' Highnes yo' Heires or Successors for the firste of these Fowre Subsidies, xx s. at such times and to such persons as the said firste Subsidie is to be paide; And at everie of the daies appointed by this presente Graunte for the paymente of the moities of the other three Subsidies, Tenn Shilling? at such times and to such persons as the said moities of the said three Subsidies are to be paide, to be levied in such sort as is hereafter specified for the Subsidies of the Residue of the Clergie; and for default of paymente by the said personnes receivinge Stipend? as is aforesaid, that every Parson Vicar or other Spirituall or Temporall Person Proprietarie or Farmor, or anie other hyrynge entertayninge or payinge any of the said Priestes Deacons or Ministers to serve or administer in any Place the Worde and Sacrament? as is aforesaid, shalbe aunswerable and charged for and w* the payment of the said severall summes of Thirtene shilling? and sour pence Sixe shilling? and eight pence Twentie shillinges and Ten shillinges for the said Prieste Deacon or Minister, at every of the saide times of payment of y* said sour Subsidies as is aforesaid, and shall and may make retenc&n of his and their Stipende and Wages quarterlie, of so much as the said Preist? Deacons and Ministers be charged wyth by this present Graunte, for every of the said sour Subsidies: Item, Yo' saide Prelates and Clergie do graunte, that every Archbyshop and Byshop, and (the Sea beinge voyde) every Deane and Chapiter of that Sea voide, and none other pson or psons, shalbe Collectors of these Subsidies w,hin their proper Dioces duringe the time of the payment appointed for these sower Subsidies, other then of the Pensionaries aforesaid; and that the said Archebyshop Byshop, or (the Sea beinge voyd) the Deane and Chapiter, shall certifie into yo' Ma,i" Courte of Exchequo', under theire Seales, the Names and Surnames of all such Stipendarie Preist? Deacons and Ministers wthin their Dioces, as be chargeable by this Acte, at or before the severall Retomes afi&resaid, duringe the time of the payment of the said sour Subsidies; and those Stipendarie Preist? Deacons and Ministers onely shalbe reputed and taken to be chargeable by this Acte wu shalbe in such sorte certified, unlesse w,hin Three Yeeres next after such Certificate exhibited it shalbe justly proved that some are omitted that ought therein to have ben certified; and in this case, such and soe many other Stipendary Preistes Deacons and Ministers shalbe likewise accompted chargeable by this Acte as wythin the said Three Yeares shalbe

Gck«

A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 17

987

founde to have been omitted: And yo' said Prelates and Clergie doe most humblie beseech yo' Ma,le that it may be enacted by yor Majesde and yo' High Courte of Parliamente (for the speedy payment of the saied sour Subsidies, and to avoyde delayes thereof,) that when and as often as any Collector or Collectors chargeable w* the Collection of theis Subsidies or of any parte of them, or their or any of theire Undercollector or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies of any of them, shall offer the paymente of them or of any parte of them, to the use of yo' Ma"* your Heires or Successors, to any person or persons appointed to receive the same by yor Highnes or by the Lord High Treasorer, that the said person or persons so appointed shall w"4n sour daies next after such Appointement, receive or cause to be received the Money so offered to be paide w^out any further delay, and deliver one sufficient Bill testifienge the receipte thereof to the said Collectour or his Undercollector or Deputie upon every such pticuler payment: And that every such Auditor, as is or shalbe apointed to take or receave the Accompte of any such Collector or Collectors or their severall Undercollectors or Deputies, shall w^in sixe dayes next after Request to him to be made, trulie and indifferently take the said Accompte and make Allowance as by this Graunt is appointed; uppon payne that every such person or persons appointed to reilive the same some or somes of Money soe offered, and every such Auditor shall loose and forfeite for every default or delay to be made, to the Collector or Collectors Undercollecto' or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies soe offering to make Payment or Accompte as is aforesaid, the sume of Ten Poundes of lawfull Mony of England, the one moytye thereof to be to your Ma"* yo' Heires and Successors, and the other moytye to the said Collector or Collectors Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies soe greived, the same to be paide upon complaynte to be made to the said Lord Threasorer Under Thresorer or to the Lord Cheif Baron of Ma'1" Courte of Exchequer; whoo uppon suche complaynte shall presently examine the matter, and findinge defalt shall cdmitt the Offendor to Ward, there to remaine untill he shall have paied the saied sev'all sumes so forfeyted: And for better levyinge and recoveringe of theis sour Subsidies, yo' said Prelates and Clergie doe likewise most humblie beseech yo' Ma'" that it may be enacted by yo' Ma'" and yo' said High Courte of Parliament in manner and forme followinge, (that is to saye,) That every Collector of the said Subsidies and of every part and parcell of them, and their lawful Undercollecto' or Undercollecto's Deputie or Deputies, may have full power and authoritye to use all suche Waies and Meanes and Processe as be prescribed in the Acte of perpetuall Disme for the Collection and levyeing thereof, and may make Accompte of the same before the Lord High Thresurer or Under Thresurer of England for the time beinge, or any other Officer by yo' Highnes or yo' Courte of Exchequer to be appointed for the same, and in such place as yo' Majestie shall likewise assigne, in such wise and after such forme onely as the said Archbushopp and Byshopps be nowe charged to make Accompte for the said perpetuall Dismes and Tenth; whereby is meant that the lacke and defalte of paymente of and for any Spirituall Promotion or Promotions, shall onelye charge such Incumbente or Incumbentf, and such others as be bounde to paie the same; And that the Archbyshop Byshop Deane and Chapiter, gatheringe that whiche they can receive, and makinge payin' thereof, shall for the rest, not by them receaved, be discharged by theire Certificate to be made unto yo' Highnes Courte of Exchequer for the whole payment of the first Subsidie, at or before the xxyj"1 daie of April, w"* shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God i6oa ; And for the first paymentf of every of the other three Subsidies, at or before the last retourne of Hillary Terme imediatly followinge the severall dayes appointed for the said first paymentf to be due; and for the second payments of every of the said three Subsidies, at or before the last retourne of Trinity Terme ymediately followinge the severall daies appointed for the said second paymentf to be due : And that sixe pence of every pounde wherewUl the Collector shalbe charged in his Accompte, clerely to be paid into the Receipte of your Majesties Exchequor, or into such other place as shall please yo' Highnes to appointe, shalbe allowed to the said Collector upon his Accompte for the same, at every of the aforesaid severall tymes of payment, for the Charges of the said Collection Portage saffe conveyeinge and payeinge of the sayde Subsidyes : And moreover that it may be enacted likewise, that after any payment of the sayd Subsidie shalbe once due by virtue of this Graunte, yf any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promotion Spirituall charged to the Paymente of any of the said Subsidies, or any parte thereof, beinge att any time after that the same Payment shall be due, lawfully monished, either personallye or at his Dignitie Stall Churche or Mansion House, by the Archbyshop or Byshop of the Diocesse, or his Undercollecto* or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or the Deane and Chapiter (the Sea beinge voyde), or by any of theire Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies authorised in that behalf, to appere by himself or his Deputy, at a certaine Daye and Place of convenient distance to the said Incumbent then to be signified and fPfixed, and then and there to pay such parte of the said Subsidies of his Benefice or Promotion Spirituall or the whole, as then by vertue of this Graunte shalbe due, doe not eyther at the same Daie and Place soe to him signified and prefixed, truelie contente and paye, or cause to be contented and payde, suche paymentf of the said Subsidies as then by him shalbe due to be paide unto the same Archbyshop or Byshop or to his Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapiter of any Sea beinge voyde, or to their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or to one of them, shewinge sufficient Deputac&n from the saide Archbyshop Byshop or Deane and Chapiter, under his or their Seale in that behalf, beinge ready at the said Day and Place soe signified and prefixed to receave any Payment of the said Subsidies then due, and openly demaundinge the same, cr else pay the first whole Subsidie appoynted by this Graunte to be due the xxyj"' daye of March which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundred and two, w^in fiftene Dayes after any such pffixed Day att the fiuthest, and every of the moides of the three other Subsidies geven by this Graunte w'^in fyftye dayes next after any such Pfixed dayes of warninge at the farthest so that open demaunde be made of the sayde paymente of the said Subsidies in and at the said Place and Daye before prefixed, that then every Incumbent soe makinge defaulte of Payment due from him for any of the said Subsidies, after such defaulte thereof certified into yo* Mau" Exchequo' in Writinge under the Seale and Hande writing of anye Archbyshop or Bishop, or the C5mon Seale of the Deane and Chapiter (the Sea beinge voyde,) charged with the Collection of the same Subsidies, 6oe that the said Certificate shalbe made

Payments shall be received from Collectors when tendered by them

and Accounts be taken by Auditors, &c. Penalty g£to.

Collectors shill have the same Powers, &c. as for levying the Tenths, &c.

Allowance for Collection, 6d. in the Pound

Incumbent of any Benefice, on Demand of Subsidy from him, and Certificate, by the Bishop into the Exchequer, of Non-payment, shall forfeit such Benefice;

988

43° Eliz. c. IT.

A.D.\60\.

Form of «uch Certificate«

and Schedule to be annexed.

Incumbent may tender the Sum due( at any Time before Certificate it exhibited.

Acquittances to Collectors paving •Subsidies to Lord Treasurer:

Fees thereon i

Penalty on Neglect or Extortion in the Officers of the Exchequer, j£io.

ficcordinge to the forme hereafter expressed, and exhibited into yo' Ma,le saide Courte of Exchequor for the whole payment of the first Subsidie at or before the xxvj, daye of Aprill wch shalbe in the yeere of o' Lord One thousand sixe hundreth and two; And for the first payment of every of the other three Subsidies att or before the last retoumes of Hillary Terme ymediately followinge the severall daies appointed for the said firste paymentf to be due; And for the second paymentf of every of the said three Subsidies at or before the last retournes of Trinitie Terme. ymediatly followinge the severall dayes appoynted for the saide seconde paymentf to be due, shall forfeit and loose unto yo' Matk yo' Heires and Successors, all the Profittf w* of that onelie Dignitie Benefice or Promotion for the wd* he maketh such defaulte of Paymente, and whereof such Certificate shalbe made, shall come growe and arise unto him, over & above the Charges of serving the Cure, in one whole yeere next after such Certificate made and delivered unto yo' Highnes Courte of Exchequo1, and there admitted, in case the same Incumbente shall so longe lyve; and that every such Certificate of any such defaulte of Payment shalbe made accordinge to the Tenor and Effecte ensuinge, mutatis mutandis: Honorabilibus & egregiis viris, Domino Thesaurario et Baronibus de Scaccario Illustrissimae Dnae nre Dne Elizabeths Dei gratia Angliae Francis et Hibernis Regins, Fidei Defensor, &c. Vester humilis I. premissione Divina, L. Episcopus, authoritate et vigore cujusdam Actus Parliamenti Anno Regni d£fe Domins Regins Quadragesimo tertio et quadragesimo quarto editi & provisi, ad colligendum & levandum Subsidia eidem Domins Regins in eodem Parliamento per Prelatos & Clerum Cantuarien Provincis concessa, viz*, pro solucbe unius integri Subsidii solvend vicesimo sexto die Martij, ultimo preterito, infra Diocesim nostram L. deputatus et authorizatus, omnimodS reverentiam tantis viris debitam cum honore. Vestris Reverentiis harum serie anuntio et certifico, me prefatum Episcopum, modo quo prefertur, deputatum & authorizatum, sufficienter et cum omni diligentia requisivisse per N. O. Subcollectorem seu deputatum meum in hac parte, de quovis Beneficio et Promotione Ecdesiastica in quadam Schedula (presentibus annex) specificaf, sumas dicti Subsidii pro dictis Beneficiis et Promotionibus debitas, pro soluc&ne dicti integri Subsidii debiti & solvend, dicto vicesimo sexto die Martij, ultimo pterito, prout in eadem Schedula presentibus annexa, plenius liquet et apparet; Sed dictas summas ex causis in eadem Schedula allegatis recipere non potui. In cujus rei testimonium, sigillum meum presentibus apposui. Dat die mensis

Anno Domini ; The Fourme of whiche Schedule above menconed ensueth

Civitas L. vel Decanatus de H. A. B. Rector, vel Vicarius ibidem monitus suit apud predict

die ultimo preterito per N. O. subcollectorem seu deputatum meum, ad solvendum apud Ecclesiam de L. in coni R. die proxime sequente soluconem sive illam partem Subsidii per ipsum debitam vicesimo

sexto die Martii ultimo preterito, pro Promocione sua predicta. Sed prsdictus A. B. nec apud Ecclesiam de L. pred eodem die nec alibi per quindecem dies postea, sumam per ipsum debitam (ut prefertur)

solvit vel satisfecit: neq, dictam summam de proficuis dicte promotionis nec de bonis et catallis died A. B. aliquo modo levare, sive recipere potui. Provided allwaies. That if any Person or Incumbent, chargeable by this Act or Graunte to any Payment of theise sour Subsidies, shall proffer or tender Payment of any some due, to the Archbyshop or Byshop or to the Deane and Chapiter where the Sea is voyde, or to any Undercollector or Undercollectors Depude or Deputies of any Archbyshop Byshop or Deane and Chapiter aforesaide, at any time before the Cerdficate exhibited into the Exchequor as is aforesaid, that then notwithstandinge the Certificate made as is aforesaid against any such person, the said Incumbent, or Person against whome the Certificate was soe made, shall and may averre the Offer or Tender of his Paymente as is aforesaide, And of the same shalbe tried, eyther by sufficient Witnesses, before the Lord Thresorer and Barons of the Exchequor, or by the Triall of twelve Men upon any Yssue thereupon to bee joyned betwixte the said Incumbent and any other person or personnes, that he or any for him did offer or tender the Payment of the summe due as is aforesaid, That then every such Incumbente shall have and enjoye his Promotion or Promotions still, w^out Forfayture or loosinge to yo' Ma,ie yo' Heires or Successors any the Proffitf thereof, and as though noe Certificate or defaulte of such Payment had ben made or exhibited; Any Thinge in this pnte Graunte or Acte to the contrary notwithstanding: And further. That it may be enacted likewise, That every Archbyshop and Bishop, and Deane and Chapter of every Sea vacant, and other persons chargeable to and wUl the Collection of theis Subsidies w"*in the said Province of Canterbury, shall and may have uppon every Paymente of the same Subsidies, made to the Lord High Thresorer or Under Thresorer of England for the time beinge, or to such other pson or psones in place and places to whome and where it shall please yo' Highnes or yo' Courte of Exchequo' to appointe for the Receipte thereof, at every of thafforesaid times of payin', a sufficient Acquitance Dischardge or Quietus est in Writinge of the aforesaid Lord High Threasorer or Under Threasorer, or of such other pson or psons as eyther yo' Highnes or yo' said Courte of Exchequo' shall assigne for the Receipte thereof, or as heretofore in the like Cases it hath ben accustomed, the same Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est witnessinge the Receipte of soe much of the same sume of the said Subsidies as shalbe so receaved; And every such Acquittance Dischardge or Quietus est in Writinge, subscribed w* the Name or Names of the Lord High Thresorer or Under Thresorer for the tyme beinge, or of such Auditor or other person or psons as it shall please yo' Highnes or yo' said Courte of Exchequo' to appointe for the same Receipte, or of such others as heretofore in like Cases it hath ben used, shall and may be good and effectuall in the Lawe, and be also as sufficient a discharge to all and every of the said Collectors, to all such Intentf Constructions and Purposes, as if the same were made by Acte of Pliament: And that every of the said Collecto" shall pay but onelie iij s. iiij d. for every generall and finall Acquittance, Discharge or Quietus est, for every Payment of the said sour Subsidies: And yf any person soe assigned shall refuse or delay to make such a generall or finall Acquittance Dischardge or Quietus est, for any payment of the said sour Subsidies, or shall require and take for the same any more then three shillinges sour pence, or yf any other Officer of the Exchequo' shall require and take of any Collector or Collectors, or of his or their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or


43° Eliz. c. IT

989

Deputies, in respecte of the Collection Payin' or Accompte of the said Subsidies or any parte thereof, or for expedition or for any other cause or pretence whatsoever concerninge the same, any Fees or Somes of Money, other then are before in this pnte Grante expressely allowed unto them, shall forfeite the Sum of Ten poundes of lawful Money of England, to be paied and recovered in like maner and to the same uses as is before limited and expressed in this Statute touching the like forfeytures of Receivo" & Auditors: And also that everie perticuler Acquittance w* upon any paiment of the said Subsidies shalbe made by any Collector or Collecto" of the same Subsidies, or of any payin' of them, or by his or their Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies in that behalf, to any Incubent of any Benefice or Promotion Spirituall, or to any person or persons contributorie and chargeable to and w* the same Subsidies, or any parte or payin' of them, shalbe good and effectuall in Lawe, and a full and sufficient discharge to every such Incumbent, & other Pson, and his Benefice and Promotion Spirituall, of and for all such Some and Somes of Money as by the same Acquittance shalbe acknowledged to be received, in respect of the same Benefice or Promotion Spirituall, for any Payment or any parte of the same Subsidies; And that none Acquittance of any other person or psons made before such Certificate shall in any wise discharge any pson or promotion, for any parte or payment of his said Subsidies, nor of any Payne Penaltie or Forfeiture specified in this Graunte: & to thintent it may be knowne to the Court of Excheque' who be the Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies of every such Archbyshopp Byshop or Deane and Chapiter, authorized to receave the same, and to make Acquitaunce thereof, every Archbyshop Byshop and Deane and Chapiter of any Sea being voyde, shall yerely, w* the Certificate of the Names of the Stipendary Priests and Deacons, certifie the Names of every the Undercollecto" or Deputies to be appointed as is aforesaide: Provided allwaies, that noe Collector of theis Subsidies or of any parte of them, shall use any Processe or compulsorie Meanes, or exacte anye Fees or S5mes of Money for the same, or otherwise of any person for not payeinge the said Subsidies or anye parte thereof, at such certaine day and place as shalbe by the Collector or his Undercollector or Deputie prefixed, in case the said person shall tender the same unto the Collector or his Undercollector or Deputy within twentie dayes next after such p1 fixed daye; and that the said Collectors shall not by themselves or any others, take of any pson for the Receipte of any severall payment of the said Subsidies and for his Acquittance thereuppon, any more then sour pence, by any collor or pretext whatsoever: Provided allwaies, that noe Spirituall Promotions, or any Landes Possessions or Revenewes anexed to the same, beinge charged by this Graunte of the Province of Canterbury, or any Goodes or Cattells growinge being or renewinge uppon the same, or elswhere appteininge to the Ownors of the said Spirituall Promotions or to any of them, shalbe charged or made contributorye to any Fyfteene or Tenth, or any other Subsidie already graunted to yo' Highnes by the Laitie, or hereafter to be graunted durynge the tyme appointed by this Graunte for the payment of the said sour Subsidies: Provided alsoe. That all Deanes Archdeacons Dignities Maisters Wardens and Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colledges, or any of them, w,hin the said Province, shalbe charged with these Subsidies for those Possessions Revenues and Promotions only wch to their severall Promotions Dignities and Roomes are cleerelie and distinctlie limited, and to their onlie use severed, thereof to paye (the Tenth parte beinge deducted) for every and each of the said sour Subsidies sour shillinges of every full Pounde, in manner and forme as is above rehearsed: And that all those Rents Possessions Proffittf Portions Hereditamentf and Spirituall Promotions, and every of them, heretofore by yo' Highnes or any yo' Ma"" noble Progenitors, or any other person or persons whatsoever, geven graunted bequeathed divised or ympropriated unto the said Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or to any of them, w* anie waies be assigned ymployed or used eyther for or towardes the yerelie Maintenance of Readers of Divinitye Poore Men Schoolemasters Ushers Gramarians Petycanons Conductf Vicars Chorall Singingemen Choristers Virgers Sextens, or of any other necessarie or dailie Officers or Ministers in such Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or any of them, or for or towardes the reedifienge or repaireinge of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, shall not be charged w,h any parte of these Subsidies; the certaintie of w0" Portions, aswell chargeable to theis Subsidies as not chargeable in this behalf, the Archbyshopp, or Byshop of the Dioces, or (the Sea beinge voyde) the Deane and Chapiter, or any other to whome the same shall or may appertaine, uppon due Search and Examination, shall certifie under his or their Seales into yo' Highnes saide Court of Exchequo' at or before the severall Retoumes aforesaide appointed for the paymentf of the said sour Subsidies: Provided allwaies, that every Person Vicar or other Spirituall person payeing any Pen£6n whereof noe Allowance is made in the Valuation of his Promotion or Benefice, shall and may retayne to his owne use and relleife so much of every pounde of every such Pension for every payment of the said sour Subsidies as he standeth charged by this Graunte to pay for every of the said sour Subsidies out of every pounde of the whole valuation of his Spirituall Promotion; Any Covenant Graunt or Bonde to the contrary notwythstandinge: Provided also, and yo' saide Prelates and Clergie doe most humblie beseech yo' Highnes that it may be enacted by yo' Ma,iM Authorise and yo' High Court of Pliament, That where certeine Landes Tefttf Rents Spirituall Promotions Tythes Pensions Porc6ns Fruitf and other Hereditamentf, latelie belonginge to divers Cathedrall Churches, and to other places and persons Ecclesiasticall w^n the said Province of Canterbury, w" were geven and assigned to be bestowed and spent in and on findinge and maynetayninge of certaine Chaunteries Anniversaries Obittf Lights Lampps, and other like Charges Intentf and Purposes, of late came into the Handes and Possession of the late Kinge of famous memory Edward the Sixte, by the force of a Statute thereof made in the first yeere of his Reigne, as by the said Statute more playnely appeareth ; That the Cathedrall Churches and the Byshoppes Deanes or Presidents and Chapiters and Prebendaries of the same, and all other places and persons Ecclesiasticall & every of them, to whome the said Landes Rents and other the fPmisses or any of them did latelie appertaine, shall not duringe the time appointed by this Graunte for the payem' of the said sour Subsidies, be charged to and w"" anie paiemente of Subsidie, of and for that parte and porcbn of Landes Teiites Rentes Spirituall Promotions and other Hereditamentf or any of them, whereunto the said late Kinge by force of the said

Particular Acquittance* by Collectors to Incumbent*.

Name* of Deputy Collectors shall be certified.

Twenty Day* after Demand allowed for Payment, without Fee*, See.

No Spiritual Promotion* shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

Deans, St c. chargeable for their Promotions.

Exemption of Revenues of Cathedrals, See. appropriated to the Poor, &c.

Certificate of such Revenues.

Persons paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy.

Exemption for Lands of Chauntnes, See. retted in the Crown under Stat. I Edw. VI. c. ia. or since, as Lands concealed, Sec.



990

43° Eliz. c. 17.

A.D.\60\.

Exemption for College* in the Universities, &c.

Benefices not exceeding <£6. 13. 4.

Vicarages from to a£io. to pay 139. 4<1.

Pensions not exceeding jfj.

These Subsidies to be confirmed ny Parliament.

Such Subsidies confirmed by Parliament, accordingly.

II.

The said Subsidy shall be levied by Spiritual Censures, or by Distress; and when paid by Farmers shall be allowed out of their Rentsj unless on express Covenant to the contrary.

Statute was intituled or possessed of, nor of anie yearely Rentes or Paymentf goeinge oute of the said Cathedrall Churches and other the places & psonnes Ecclesiasticall aforesaid ; and that Deduction and Allowance thereof be made to them and every of them accordinglye, in and upon every paymente of the said Subsidies, oute of the whole Valuation Taxation and Estimac&n made for the paymente of the said perpetuall Disme or Tenthe remaininge of Recorde in your Highnes Courte of Exchequer as aforesaid, for the rate and porC&n of Landes Tenementf Rents Spirituall Promotions and other Hereditamentf and those yearely paimentf whereunto the said late Kinge was intituled or possessed of, or w'*1 since the makinge of the said Statute, by reason that they have ben founde as Landes Tentes Rents Tithes or other Hereditamentf concealed from the said late King Edwarde the Sixte, the late Kinge Henrie the Eighte, the late Queene Mary, or any of them, or from yor Ma", or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the saide Cathedrall Churches and other places and psons aforesaid or of anie of them by force of the Statute premised or anie otherwise: Provided also, That these sour Subsidies graunted by the Clergie, or anie parte of them or anie of them, shall not be demaunded or levied out of anye Benefice House of Students or Colledge, scituate or sett w,hin either of the UuivWies of Cambridge or Oxforde, or anie Benefice Landes or other Revenewes unto the said Universities or either of them, or to any House of Students or Colledge in anie of the said UniPsities, united appropriated or appertaininge, or out of anie Benefice Landes or Revenewes of the Colledge of Windsor, or of the Colledge of Westiii, beinge of yor Ma'1" Foundation, or of the Colledge of Eaton nere Windsor, or of the Colledge called S‘ Maries Colledge by Winchester, founded by William Wickeham sometimes Byshop of Winchester, or of anie Hospitall Aimes Houses or Grammer Scholes, or of any Church Benefice or other Revenewes, to the said Colledges Hospitalles Aimes Houses or Gramer Scholes or to anie of them annexed appropriated or otherwise appertayninge: Provided allwaies, That all Psonnes Vicars and all other Ecclesiasticall psonnes, whose Benefices are not above Size poundes thirtene shillinges sour pence by the yeare, after the Taxation aforesaid, shall not be charged w‘h these sour Subsidies or any parte of the same: Provided allso. That every Vicar whose Benefice is Eight poundes or above and not above Ten poundes by the yeare after the Taxation aforesaid, shall paie unto yor Highnes yo' Heires and Successo" uppon the sixe and twentieth daie of Marche which shalbe in the yere of o' Lord God 1602, Thirteene Shillinges and sour pence, and thenceforth vj s. viij d. at every paymente of the other three Subsidies, at such times and to such persons as is afioresaide, for his parte of the said Subsidies, as Sdpendary Priestes receivinge Tenn poundes and under Fiftene pounde for theire yearely Stipend, be charged to paye by force of this Graunte and not otherwise; And if it be under Eighte poundes, shall not be charged w* any parte of the said Subsidie : Provided also, That every Preiste and all other Ecclesiasticall or late Relligious personnes, havinge a Penc&n, by reason of the dissolution of the late Monasteries Collegies Free Chappells Chauntries Fraternities Guildes and Hospitalles or any other Incorporation w,hin the Province of Canterbury or any of them, and beinge of the some of Five poundes or under and not above, shall not be charged or chargable for any such Pencfin; Any thinge conteyned in this Graunte to the contrary notwithstandinge. And for the sure and true payment of these Foure Subsidies, graunted by your said Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, accordinge to the tenor purporte effecte and trewe meaninge of this p>sent Graunte, Yor said Prelates and Clergie most humbly desire yo' Highnes that this their said Guifte Graunte and Subsidies, and everie Matter some of Money Petition Clause Provisions and Sentences in this Instrument contayned concerninge the said Subsidies, may be ratified established and confirmed by the Authoritie of yo' Highnes Courte of Parliament. In quorum omniu et singlop premissop fidem & testimonium, Nos Johannes Archiepus Cantuariensis antedictus, has presentes Iras nostras testimoniales, sive hoc presens publicum Instrumentum, ad humilem rogatum Prelatorum et Cleri predict, Sigilli nostri appensione ac signo nomine et subscriptione Joftis Coston notarii publici fecimus et jussimus comuniri. Datum dicto decimo octavo die mensis Novembris, Anno Dni millesimo sexcentesimo primo, regniq^ vestri felicissimi Anno quadragesimo quarto, & lire Translacionis Anno decimo nono.

Wherefore for the true and sure paymente of the said Subsidies, graunted by the said Prelates and Clergie of the said Province of Canterbury, accordinge to the Tenor Effect and true Meaninge of the said Instrument, Be it enacted by the Queenes most Excellent Ma"* w* the assent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, That the said Gifte Graunte and every Matter sume of Money Petition Provision Clause and Sentence in the same Instrument conteyned, shall stand and be ratified established and confirmed by the Authority of this present Parliament.

And Further be it enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That every person that shall be appointed to the collection and gatheringe of the saide Subsidies, shall have full power and authoritye to levie take and perceive the said Subsidies by the Authoritie of the Censures of the Church, That is to say, by Suspension Excommunication or Interdiction, and also by Sequestration of the Fruites and Proffittes of their Benefices and Promotions Spirituall, in whose Handes soever they be, and to make sale of the same Fruites, w""out danger of the Lawes of this Realme; or by Distresse upon the Possessions of the Farmours or Occupiers of the Landes and Tenementf, chargeable by the said Instrument, for or to the payment of any some or somes of Money to be due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discretion of the Collector thereof; And that no Replevy Prohibic&n or Supersedeas shall be allowed or obeyed for any persons making default of the payment of the said Subsidies, or any of them, contrary to the teno' of the Graunt thereof, untill such time as they have truly satisfied and contented all such part and portions as to them in that behalf appertayneth: And that every such Fermo' and Fermors, their Executo" and Assignes, that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to or with the payment of the said Subsidies or any part thereof, shall by the authority aforesaid be allowed and retayne in his Hands as much of his yearely Rent and Fearme as the some which

LjCk sie

A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. IT, 18.

991

he shall fortune to paie for his Lord or Leasso' shall extend unto; Except that the said Fermo' or Fermo" their Executo" or Assignes, by the Lease and Graunte that they have of any part of the Lands Tithes Proffittf and Tenem'f chardgeable to the said Subsidies, or by force of any Coven*nte or Article therein conteyned, be bound and chardged to pay the same, and thereof to dischardge the Leassor and Landlord during the Terme menc&ned in the said Lease.

And likewise be yt enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That whereas dyvers Curatf liable to theis Subsidies being oftentymes removeable, doe serve aswell in dyvers Ympropriations belonging to the Queenes Mau‘, as in other Spirituall Promotions belonging to other persons; That for the speedy Recovery of the said Subsidies, yt may be Iawfull to the said Collecto' or Collecto" of the said Subsidies, their Deputy or Deputies, to leavy the said

Subsidies upon the Fermo' or Fermo" or Occupio" of all such Impropriations or Spirituall Promotions, by all

Censures of the Church aforesaid and every of them, or by waie of Distresse of Tithes of the said Impropriaf&n or Impropriac&ns and Spirituall Promotions, or otherwise uppon the Goods and Chattel f of the said Fermo' or Fermo" and Occupio", In w^ case no Inhibic&n Prohibi£&n Replevy or other Processe awarded to the contrary, shall be obeyed; Any Lawes Statutf Priviledges or Customes to the contrary hereof, heretofore made granted or used, or

hereafter to be made graunted or used, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And that yt may be Iawfull

to the Collecto", and other Officers and Mynisters of such Archbishop Bishoppe Deane and Chapter, for not payment of the said Subsidies after the same shall be due in any of the said Four yeeres, to prise and value the said Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent Neighbo" by him to be chosen, and for the Distresse and Distresses so prised to sell, and thereof to deteyne so much Money as shall amount to the s5me paiable to the Queenes Ma"*, with the reasonable Charges also of the said Collecto' susteyned in that behalf; and the rest of the Money made of the saide Distresse, to bee delyvered and paied to the Owno' and Occupio' thereof.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Lay Person having Spirituall Promotion chargeable by this Act, and also having Temporall Possessions Goods Chattellf and Debts charged to the said Subsidies graunted in this Parliament by the Temporary, shall be taxed charged and sett for his said Spirituall Promotions with the Clergy, and his Temporall Possessions and Chattellf Reall with the Temporalty, and not otherwise; Any Thing before mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be yt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every Graunt and Graunts of all and every some and sotnes of Money graunted, or which hereafter shall be graunted to the Queenes Ma"* by the Clergie of the Province of York, shall be of the same strength force and effect in all things as the said Graunt made by the said Province of Caunterbury; and shall be taxed certified collected levyed gathered and paied, according to the teno' forme and effect of this present Act of Parliament, to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes, in such maner and forme as though yt were specially plainly and particularly expressed and rehearsed in this present Act, by expresse Words Termes and Sentences in their severall Natures and Kindes.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Provisions before rehearsed, contayned or to be contayned in the said Graunt of the Prelatf and Clergy of the Provynce of Canterbury, and the like of the same Provisoes conteyned in the said Graunt of the Prelates and Cleargy of the Provynce of Yorke, shall be good and effectuall, and to be observed and kept in every Point and Article, according to the purport and true meaning of the same.

CHAPTER XVIII. (■)

An Acte for the Graunte of Fower entire Subsidies and Eighte Fifteenes and Tenthes graunted by the Temporaltie

MOST Excellent and Most g ratio us Soveraigne, Wheare Wee yo' Ma'f humble faithfull and loving Subjects being here (by yor Aucthoritie) assembled in your Highe Court of Parliament, have entered into due consideration of the greate and waightie causes which ought at this tyme, more then at any other tyrae, to stirre up the harts of all that are either well affected in Religion towards God, Loyalty towards you their deare Sov'aigne, or care of there owne Safety and their Posterities, to consult timely and provide effectually for all such meanes as are or may be necessary to preserve both You and Us, from those apparaunt Dangers whereinto this State may fall throughe lacke of so much care and providence, as agreeth with the Rules of Nature and comon Reason, and therefore much more to be challenged at our Handes, to whome yo' Ma"' hath vouchsafed to give so great light of yo' inward Knowledge and judiciall Foresight of your Enemies implacable mallice and there dangerous Plottf, contrived against this florishing Kingdome, which is and long hath beene the principall obstacle against that swelling Ambition which hath so blynded there understanding as they doe not onely greedely seeke but vaynely hope to attaine to there unjust pretenc&ns coullored, with false and vayne pretextf and insynuacSns, as fiarre from Trueth as Light from Darkenes: Forasmuch as in this tyme of our

1 From the Original Act. See Note at beginning of this Year.


hi.

Subsidies upon Impropriation* tniy be levied on the Fanner* thereof.

Di*tres*et may be appraited and told.

IV.

Lay Impropriator* shall be charged under this Act for their Spiritual Promotion*.

V.

Subsidy of the Province of York shall be collected under this Act.

VI. All Provision* in the Grants conhrtned.

Motives for Grant of increased Subsidies;

992

43° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1601

Rebellion in Ireland, and Invasion thereof by Spain, &c.

Unprecedented Reasons justify this unprecedented Grant.

Grant of Eight whole Fifteenths and Tenths on Personalty, payable Two on I st February, and Two in each of the succeeding Three Years;

advised and mature deliberation we have sufficiently perceaved howe greate and inestimable Charges yo1 Ma*" hath susteyned many yeares, in seekeing (by way of prevention) to hinder all such forren Attemptf as others (not provided for) might long since have proved perilous to the whole Estate of this Comon wealth ; And where it is apparaunt to all the Worlde that yf yo' Ma0' had not exhausted the greatest portion of yor private Treasures, besides all other meanes derived from our dutifull Affecc&ns, aswell in making tymely provision of all things necessary for yo' Navie and Annie Royall, as in maynetayning and using the same (at tymes convenient), that wee should long before this day have been exposed to the danger of manie soddaine and dangerous Attemptf of our Enemyes, and fayled in all those happy Successes which have accompanied yor Royall Acc&ns taken in hand for the Defence of this Estate; And seeing also that at this present tyme yo' Highenes hath been put to inestimable Charge in the necessary prosecution of an unnaturall Rebellion within yo' Highnes Realme of Ireland, daylie fedd by forrein Enemyes, whose Actions have not only tended to the subverc&n of Gods trewe Religion planted amongest us, and to the bereaving of that Realme from yo' Imperial! Crowne of England to which it hath been soe manie yeares joyned and annexed, but consequently to the ruyne and spoyle of this most florishing Kingdome of England ; For the better effecting whereof the King of Spaine hath now openly invaded the Realme of Ireland with an Army already landed in the Province of Munster, haveing not forebome to publishe there his resolute purpose to usurpe to himselfe that Crowne, even by a plaine Conquest (in case of Resistance), thoughe coullored with a vayne pretexte of an Illusory Donac&n from the Sea of Rome, whose usurped Aucthoritie we have abandoned (as becommeth all good Subjects to doe), that meane noe lesse in Deede then they professe in Name: For as much as we doe seriously consider that yo' Ma*1' (and we yo' faithfull and obedient Subjects) are but one Body Pollitike, and that yo' Highness is the Head and we the Members, and that noe Good or Felicitie Perill or Adversitie can come to the one but the other shall partake thereof, We have thought it a Matter incident to the naturall Care and Sence we ought to feele of our present and future Condic&n, seeing yo' Enemyes are strengthened by combination with other States, and doe receave from their Confederatf greate Coniribu£&ns of Treasure for Advancement of this and such like Enterprises, whileste we doe see on the other syde that your Ma'f Expences only tende to the Advancement of the trew Glorie of God, and Defence of the Libertie and Felicitie of the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme and of the Kingdomes and Dominions thereof, and are neither supported by any other Prince or State, nor caried on in yo' self with any vaine Ambition or wastefull humor of consuming the Treasure of this Kingdome, to offer to yo' Ma'1* the Disposic&n of such meanes as God hath geven us to be ymploied for preservacSn of Gods cause, for maintenaunce of yo' owne dignitie, and all such Rights and Titles as be annexed to yo' Imperiall Crowne; being fully resolved to leave both Landes Goodes and whatsoever else that is deerest unto us, (yea and this mortall lief,) rather then we woulde suffer yo* Royall Estate to be in any pt diminyshed, or the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme deprived of any Hono' Title Right or Interest thereunto belonging, or suffer any forreigne power to growe on further, or to contynue so long unremoved, as thereby to leave them any grownde to presume of good successes, either in this acc&n now begon, or in any future enterprise, which may tende to the dishono' or perill of any yo' Ma'f Kingdomes: In which Considerac&n, and many other needlesse to repeate, we have thought ourselves bound in thankefullnes to God for You, and to yo' Ma1" for ourselves, whoe feele the happines of yo' most gratious Clemency and Justice at home, under yo' happie and pollidke Govemement daylie multiplied unto us, (beyond the example of all ages,) to prepare and make not only our persons ready to withstand resiste and subdue the force and puissaunce of our Enemyes (be they never so potent), but also to present unto you Fower Subsidies and Eight Fifteenes and Tenthes, thereby to make up some such pordttn of Treasure, as may (in some sorte) supplie the greate and inestimable Charges which You our most gracious and dread Sov*aigne have and daylie must susteyne: All which, notwithstanding it be much lesse then may be sufficient for this present and urgent Necessities, yet being a playn demonstrac&n of our due Considerac&n of all those necessarie Causes and important Resons which we have heard delivered by yo' royall Direcc&n, We have thought meete not only to make it one of our first Workes to consult of that matter, which in other Sessions of Parliament hath usually succeeded manie other Acts and Consultac&ns, but so to enlarge and improve the measure of this Oblac&n which we shall offer to yor Royall pson, as it may geve yo' Ma0' an assured Testimony of our internall Zeales and Duties, to be further manifested hereafter by the hazard of our Lyves and Fortunes at all tyme for yo' Ma0" service, whereof we beseech you to vouchsafe (at this p>sent) the gratious Acceptation, as proceeding from those loving and faithfull Subjects of yo", who doe desire to testifie, (both in the extraordinary forme and substance of our psent offer,) that thoughe there lyveth (and ev* shall) in the Harts of yo' most humble and obedient Subjects an extraordinary zeale to yo' Ma'f pson, yet that we desire and intende that this, (which is done to you at this tyme,) shalbe no otherwies interpreted then as a lively monument of those greate Duties and AffeccSns which we doe contentedly and comfortablie strayne for yo' Ma0*, and in a maniJ far exceeding any former p>sident, because noe Age either hath or can produce the like p'sident of so much happines under any Princes Reigne, nor of so contynuall gracyowse care for our p>servac6n as yo' Ma°* hath shewed in all yo' Acc&ns, havynge never stuck to hazard, or rather neglect, for our p>serva£&n anye pte of those worldely blessingf wherewith Almightie God hath so plentifully indued you in this tyme of yo' most happie Governement: And therefore We do with all duty and humble Affecc&ns that Hart can conceive or Tongue can utter present to yo' sacred Mallc Fower entire Subsedies, and Eight Fifteenes and Tenthes toward yo' Highnes greate Charges for our Defence: And We doe most humblie beseeche yo' Ma"' that it may be enacted by the aucthoritie of this psent Parliament in man8 and forme followinge, (that is to say): That yo' Ma"* shall have Eight whole Fifteenes and Tenthes, to be payd taken and levied of the moveable Goods Chattells and other Things usuall to such Fifteenes and Tenthes to be contributory and chargeable, within the Shires Citties Boroughes Townes and other Places of this yo' Ma°" Realme, in manS and forme aforetime used; Except the some of sortie eight thowsand pounds thereof fully to be deducted, (that is to say,) Six thousand pounds of every of the sayd whole Fifteenes and Tenthes, in


Origirval from

A.D. 160\.

43° Eliz. c. 18.

993

Releife Comfort and Discharge of the poore Townes Citties and Boroughes of this yor sayd Realme, wasted desolate deducting jffi.oooo

or destroyed or o9 greatly ympoPished after such Rate as was and hath afore this tyme been hadd and made to Town^kc.

every Shire, and to be devided in such manner and forme as heretofore for one whole Fifteene and Tenth hath been

had and devided : And the same Eight Fifteenes and Tenthes (the Exception and Deduction aforesaid thereupon

had deducted and allowed) to be paid in man8 and forme following. That is to say ; The whole and entyre payment

of the first and seconde of the sayd eight whole Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be payd to

yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the Receipt of yo' Exchequo', on or before the first day of February next

coming; And the thirde of the sayd Eight whole Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be payd to

yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the sayd Receipt of yo' Exchequo', on or before the first daie of June, which

shalbe in the yere of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and two; And the fowerth of the sayd Eight wholle

Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be payd to yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the sayd Receipte

of yo' Exchequo' at or before the first day of February, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God one thowsand six

hundreth and twoe; And the fist of the said Eight whole Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be payd

to yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the sayd Receipte of your Exchequo' on or before the first day of June,

which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and three; And the sixt of the sayd Eight

wholle Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be payd to yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the sayd

Receipt of yo' Exchequo' at or before the first day of February, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord One

thowsand six hundreth and three; And the seaventh of the said Eight wholle Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before

excepted) to be payd to yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the sayd Receipt of yo' Exchequo' at or before the

first day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower; And the eight of

the sayd Eight wholle Fifteenes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be payd to yo' Highnes in one entire payment

in the sayd Receipt of yo' Exchequo' on or before the first day of February, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord

God One thowsand sixe hundreth and sower.

And Be yt further enacted by the aucthoride aforesaid, That the Knightf elected and retorned of and for the Collect orYih«ll be Sheeres within this Realme for this present Parliament, Citdzens of Citdes, Burgesses of Boroughes and Townes, oVthi»

where Collecto" have beene used to be named and appoynted for the Collec£6n of any Fifteene and Tenthe before Parliament for the this tyme graunted, shall name and appointe before the twentith day of December next cdming, sufficient and able •tver>18h,re,>4c-persons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the sayd first and seconde of the sayd Fifteenes and Tenthes; and also shall likewise name and appoynte before the sixteenth day of Marche, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and one, other sufficient and able persons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the sayd thirde of the said Fyfteenes and Tenthes; and also shall name and appointe before the sixteenth daie of November, which shalbe in the yere of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and two, other sufficient and able persons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the sayd fowerth Fifteenths and Tenthes; And also shall likewise name and appoynte before the sixteenth day of Marche, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundreth and two, other sufficient and able persons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the sayd fist Fifteenes and Tenthes; And also shall likewise name and appoynte, before the sixteenth day of November which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and three, other sufficient and able [sons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the sayd sixt Fifteenes and Tenthes; And also shall likewise name and appoynte, before the sixtenth day of Marche which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and three, other sufficient and able persons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the sayd seaventh Fifteeneths and Tenthes ; And also shall likewise name and appoynte before the sixteenth day of November, which shalbe in the yere of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and sower, other sufficient and able persons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the said Eight Fifteenes and Tenthes, in every of the sayd Sheeres Citties Boroughes and Townes; the sayd persons so to be named and appoynted to be <^u^catt‘on Collecto" for the Collecc&n of the sayd first and second Fifteenes and Tenthes, and also of the sayd thirde Fifteenes r'

and Tenthes, and also of the sayd fowerth Fifteenes and Tenthes, and also of the sayd fist Fifteenes and Tenthes, and also of the sayd sixt Fifteenes and Tenths, And also of the sayd seaventh Fifteenes and Tenthes, and also of the sayd eight Fifteenes and Tenthes, then having Landes Teementf and other Hereditamentf in their owne Right, of an Estate of Inheritaunce of the yearely value of sortie Poundes, or in Goods worth sower hundreth pounds at the least each of them, after such Rate and Value as he or they shall be assessed and rated at in the Subsidie Booke, if any such be in the said limittf, and for want of such so assessed, that those shalbe appoynted Collecto" that then shalbe rated and

taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Landes or Goodes neerest to the severall values aforesayd; And also such person and Such Collector*

persons so by them to be named and appoynted for the Collection of the said Eight Fyfteenes and Tenthes, shalbe by them severally appoynted and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Citties Boroughes and Townes ; And also *nd chargeable for the sayd persons so named and appointed for the Colleccdn of the sayd severall Fifteenes and Tenthes, shalbe the "me *eTerall>r 1

severally charged and chargeable, upon his or their Accompte or Accomptf in the Exchequo' to be made, with all

suche 85me or sdmes of Money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Citties Boroughes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appoynted shall amounte unto, and of noe more some or sdmes; And upon the payment of suche sdmes of Money as he or they shalbe so charged with, shalbe discharged and have his and theire Quietus est;

The not accompting or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or the insufficiency of them or any of them notwithstanding; And the Names and Surnames of every of the sayd Collecto" for the saide first and seconde of and their Nimei the sayd Fifteenes and Tenthes, togeather with the places allotted to there Collection and Charge, the saide Knightf chaliwy"*0 Cittizens and Burgesses, for the Sheeres Citties and Boroughes whereunto they be allotted named and retorned, shall certifie before the Queenes Ma"* in the Chauncery before the tenth day of January next cdming; and likewise


it U


Original from PENN STATE

994

43° Eliz. c. 18.

yl.J9.1601.

or in Default, such Collector) shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor;

Their Allowance;

Process against them.

III.

Such Collectors shall enter into Recognizances for due Payment of the Fifteenths, Ire.

also the Names and Surnames of every the sayd Collecto" so to be named and appoynted for the Collection of the sayd thirde of the sayd Fifteenes and Tenthes, togeather with the Places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the sayd Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certefie into the sayd Court of Chauncery before the twendth day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two; and likewise also the Names and Surnames of every of the sayd Collecto" so to be made and appointed for the Collection of the said fowerth Fifteenes and Tenthes, togeather with the Places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the sayd Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the sayd Courte of Chauncery before the sixteenth day of December, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two; and likewise the Names and Surnames of every of the sayd Collecto" so to be named and appoynted for the Collection of the sayd fist Fifteenes and Tenthes, togeather with the places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the sayd Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the sayd Court of Chauncery before the twentith day of Aprill, which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two ; and likewise the names and surnames of every of the sayd Collecto" so to be made and appoynted for the Collection of the sayd sixt Fifteenes and Tenthes, togeather with the places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the sayd Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the sayd Court of Chauncery before the sixteenth of December, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and three ; and likewise the names and surnames of every of the sayd Collecto" so to be made and appoynted for the Collection of the said seaventh Fifteenes and Tenthes, togeather with the places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the sayd Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the sayd Court of Chauncery before the twentith day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower; and likewise the names and surnames of every of the sayd Collecto's so to be made and appoynted for the Collection of the sayd eight Fifteenes and Tenthes, togeather with the places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the sayd Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the sayd Court of Chauncery before the sixteenth day of December, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower, according to the tenor of this Acte: And yf default of any such certifying be had or made in forme as is aforesayd, then the Lord Chauncellor of England, or Keeper of the Greate Seale for the tyme being, shall ymmediatly after, name and appoynte Collecto" for the Collection of every of the sayd Fifteenes and Tenthes, in such like manner and forme as the sayd Knightf of Sheeres Cittizens of Citties, and Burgesses of Boroughes should have done, and as aforetyme hath been used; The which sayd Collecto", and every of them so to be named and appoynted as is aforesayd, shall have Allowaunce upon their Accomptf for their Fees Wages and Rewardes for the Collection of the said Fifteenes and Tenthes, in as large maner and forme as any Collecto’ or Collecto" of any Fifteeneth and Tenth have had at any season in tyme past; And that the Barons of the Queenes Exchequo’ for the tyme being, shall and may from tyme to tyme awarde such processe for speedy Payment of the sayd severall Fifteenes and Tenthes against the Collecto’ or Collecto" of the same, as by their Discrecons shalbe thought convenyent.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That the sayd Lorde Chauncello' or Keeper of the Greate Seale for the tyme being, Knightf of the Shires, Cittizens of Citties, Burgesses of Boroughes Townes and other Places, haveing aucthoritie by this present Acte to nominate the sayd Collecto" of or for the Collection of the sayd severall Fifteenes and Tenthes, shall upon their Nominac&n and Elec£6n had and made, take by aucthoritie of this present Parliament sufficient Recognizaunces or Obligacfins of every person so by them to be named, to be bound to the Queenes Ma’" in the double some of the some of theire Collection, and to be endorsed upon such Condic&n, that yf the same Collecto’ and Collecto" of the sayd first and second of the sayd Fifteenes and Tenthes, and likewise the Collecto’ or Collecto" of the sayd third of the sayd Fifteenes and Tenthes, and likewise the Collecto’ or Collecto" of the sayd fourth of the sayd Fifteenes and Tenthes, and likewise the Collecto’ or Collecto" of the sayd fist Fifteenes and Tenthes, and likewise the Collecto' or Collecto" of the sayd sixt Fifteenes and Tenthes, and likewise the Collecto’ or Collecto" of the sayd seaventh Fifteenes and Tenthes, and likewise the Collecto' or Collecto'-of the sayd eight Fifteenes and Tenthes, doe trewly contente and pay to the use of the Queenes Ma*" in her Receipte of her Exchequo' for the sayd first and seconde of the sayd Fifteenes and Tenthes, at or before the sayd firste day of February next coming, and for the sayd thirde of the sayd Fifteenes and Tenthes at or before the sayd first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and Two, and for the sayd fourth of the sayd Fifteenes and Tenthes, at or before the sayd first day of February, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two, and for the sayd fist Fifteenes and Tenths at or before the sayd first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and three, and for the sayd sixt Fifteenes and Tenthes at or before the sayd first day of February which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and three, and for the seaventh Fifteenes and Tenthes at or before the sayd first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand six hundreth and sower, and for the sayd eight Fifteenes and Tenthes at or before the sayd first day of February which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower, so much of the sayd some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection as the same Collecto’ shall have collected and gathered, and doe likewise, after the sayd first day of February next coming, and the saide first day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of o’ Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and two, and the sayd first day of February which shalbe in the yeare of o' Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and two, and the sayd first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and three, and the sayd first day of February which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord One thowsand six hundreth and three, and the sayd first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower, and the sayd

Go

A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 18.

995

first day of February which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower, contente and pay to the Queenes Ma"" use at the same Receipte of the Exchequo', the Residue of his Collection and Charge, within one Moneth next after such tyme as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognisaunce or Obligac&n to be voyd, or else to stand in his full strength and power; which Recognizaunces or Obligac&ns so taken, the same Knightf of the Shire Cittizens and Burgesses, and every of them takeing such Recognizaunce or Obligac&n, shall certifie and deliver to the Lord Thresorer and Barons of the same Exchequo', before the sayd first day of February next c5ming, and the first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two, and the first day of February which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundred and two, and the first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundreth and three, and the first day of February which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundrethe and three, and the first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand sixe hnndreth and sower, and the first day of February which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and sower; upon paine of Forfeiture of Tenn Poundes to the Queenes MaUe for every Recognizaunce or Obligac&n so to be taken and not certified; And that every such Collecto' upon Request to hym made, shall make and knowledge the same Recognisaunce or Obligac&n accordingly, upon paine of Forfeiture of Twentie Pounds to the Queen for his refusall thereof; And that the Thresorer and Barons of the Exchequo' for the tyme being, upon Payment of the sayd Collection at the dayes, shall cancell and deliver the sayd Recognizaunce or Obligac&n to the sayd Collecto' or Collecto" without aine other Warrant, and without anie Fee or Reward to be payd to anye pson for the same.

And Furthermore for the greate and weightie considerac&ns aforesayd, We the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comons of this present Parliament assembled, doe by our like assente and aucthoride of this Parliament give and graunt to yo' Highnes o' sayd Sov'aigne Lady the Queenes Ma" yo' Heires and Successors, Fower entire Subsidies, to be rated taxed levied and payd at seaven severall Paymentf, of every person Spirituall and Temporall of what Estate or Degree he or they be of, according to the teno' of this Acte, in manner and forme following, That is to say ; As well that every person borne within this Realme of England Wales or other the Queenes Dominions, as all and every Fraternitie Guylde Corporaf&n Mistery Brotherhood and Comonaltie, corporated or not corporated, within this Realme of England Wales or other the Queenes Domynions, being worth Three poundes, for every pounde as well in Coyne and the value of every pounde that every such Person Fraternide Guilde Corporac&n Mistery Brotherhoode and Commonaltie, corporate or not corporate, hath of his or their owne or any other to his or their use, as also Plate Stock of Marchandise, all manner of Come and Grayne Houshould Stuffe and of all other Goods moveable, as well within this Realme as without, and of all such somes of money as to him or them is or shall be oweing, whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience surely to bee payde, (Except and out of the Premisses deducted such somes of money as he or they owe, and in his or their consciences intendeth trewly to pay, And except also the Apparell of every such person their Wives and Children belongeing to theire owne Bodies, Saving Jewells Gould Silver Stone and Pearle), shall pay to and for the sayd first Subsidie in one endre payment. Two shilling

and eight pence of every pounde; and to and for the sayd seconde Subsidie in two severall paymentf, Two shillingf

and eight pence of every pounde in manner and forme following; That is to say, at the first payment of the sayd seconde Subsidie the some of Twentie pence, and at the second payment of the sayd seconde Subsidie the some of Twelve pence, and to and for the sayd thirde Subsidie in two severall paymentf. Two shillingf and eight pence of every pounde, in manner and forme followinge, That is to say, at the first payment of the sayd thirde Subsidie, the some of Twentie pence, and at the seconde payment of the sayd thirde Subsidie the some of Twelve pence, and to and for the sayd fourth Subsidie in two severall paymentf. Two shillings eight pence of every pounde, in manner and forme following, That is to say, at the first payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie the some of Twentie Pence, and at the seconde payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie, the some of Twelve pence: And also every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Queenes obeisaunce, aswell Denizen as others, inhabiting within this Realme, of every pound that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of every pound in Plate Corne Graine Marchaundize Houshold stuffe or other Goods Jewellf Chattells moveable or unmoveable as is aforesayd, as well within this Realme as without, and of all somes of Money to him or them oweing, whereof he or they truste in his or their conscience to be payd,

(Except and out of the same premisses deducted every such some or somes of Money which he or they doe owe

and in his or their conscience or consciences intend trewly to pay), shall pay to and for the sayd first Subsidie in one entire payment, Fyve shillingf and foure pence of e$y pound and to & for the sayde seconde Subsydie at twoe severall paymentf Fyve shillingf and sower pence of everie pound in manS and forme following, vidett. at the first payment of the sayd second Subsidie the some of Three shillingf and sower pence, and at the second

payment of the sayd second Subsidie the some of Two shillingf, and to and for the said third Subsidie in two severall

paymentf Fyve shillingf and sower pence of every pound, in man8 and forme following, vidett. at the first payment of the sayd thirde Subsidie the some of Three shillingf and sower pence, and at the second payment of the sayd third Subsidie the some of Two shillingf, and to and for the sayd fourth Subsidie in two sev'all paymentf Fyve shillingf and sower pence of every pound, in manS and forme following, that is to say, at the first payment of the said fourth Subsidie the some of Three shillingf and sower pence, and at the seconde payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie the some of Two shillingf : And also that e9y Alien and Stranger borne out of the Queenes Domynions, being Denizen or not Denizen, not being contributory to any the Rates aforesayd, and being of the Age of Seaven yeres or above, shall pay to and for the sayd first Subsidie, eight pence for ev^y Poll, and to and for the first payment of the sayd second

Subsidie, sower pence for every Poll; and to and for the second payment of the sayd second Subsidie, sower pence

IV.

Grant of Four entire Subsidie* on Personalty ; via. Of Subjects, above

as. 8d. per Pound ; at one Payment, for the First Subsidy; and for the Three other Subsidies, is. 8d. for the First Payment, and is. for the Siecond, of each Subsidy.

On Aliens, cs. 4-d. for the First Subsidy, and 3s. 4d. and as. for the Two Payments of each of the other Three Subsidies.

Poll Tax on Aliens not liable to the Subsidies, 8d. on the First, and 4d. on each Payment of the other Three.


Original from PENN STATE

996

43° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1601.

v.

pour Subsidies on Landi of lot. per Ann. and upwardi, viz. Of Nativea,

4>. in the Pound in one Payment for the Firat j and Two Payments, is. 8d. and is. for each of the other Three.

Upon Aliens, Double the said Amounts respectively.

Exceptions;

Mode of rating Personalty, &c.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, &c.

VI.

Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.

for every Poll, and to and for the first payment of the sayd thirde Subsidie, Fower pence for every Poll, and to and for the seconde payment of the sayd thirde Subsidie, Fower pence for ev*y Poll, and to and for the first payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie, Fower pence of every Poll, and to and for the second payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie, Fower pence for every Poll; And the Master or he or shee with whome the sayd Alien is or shalbe abyding at the tyme of the Taxa&n or Taxac&ns thereof, to be charged with the same for lacke of payment thereof.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd, That every pson borne under the Queenes Obeisance, and every Corporac6n Fratemitie Guilde Misterie Brotherhood and Cominallie, Corporate or not Corporate, for every pounde that every of the same persons, and every Corporac&n Fratemitie Guilde Misterie Brotherhood & Cominaltie Corporate or not Corporate, or any other to his or theire use, hath in Fee simple Fee taile, for tearme of Lief, tearme of Yeares, by Execuf&n Wardeshipp or by Coppie of Courte Rolle, of and in any Hono" Castles Manno" Landes Tenementf Rents Services Hereditamentf Annuities Fees Corrodies or other yearely Profittf of the yearely value of Twenty shillingf, aswell within ancient Demesne and other Places priviledged as elsewhere, and so upward, shall pay to and for the sayd first Subsidie in one entire payment, sower shillingf of and for every pounde, and to and for the sayd second Subsedy, at two severall paymentf sower shillingf of and for ev’y pounde in manner and forme following, videit. at the first payment of the sayd second Subsidie the some of two shillingf eight pence, and at the seconde payment of the sayd second Subsidie the sum of sixteen pence; and to and for the said thirde Subsidie, at two severall paymentf, sower shillingf of and for every pounde, in manner and forme following, vidett. At the first payment of the sayd thirde Subsidie the some of two shillingf and eight pence, and at the second payment of the sayd third Subsidie the some of sixteene pence; and to and for the sayd fourth Subsidie at two severall paymentf, sower shillingf of and for every pounde, in man8 and forme following, (that is to say), At the first payment of the sayd fowerth Subsidie the some of two shillingf and eight pence, and at the second payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie the some of sixteene pence: And every Alien Denizen or not Denizen, borne out of the Queenes Ma"" Obeisance, in such case to pay to and for the sayd first Subsidie in one entire payment, eight shillingf of every pounde; and to and for the sayde seconde Subsidie, in two severall paymentf, eight shillingf of every pounde, in mann! and forme following, videit, At the first payment of the sayd second Subsidie the some of fyve shillingf sower pence, and at the second payment of the sayd second Subsidie the some of two shillings and eight pence; and to and for the sayd third Subsidie, in two sev'all paymentf, eight shillingf of every pounde, in man8 and forme following, vidett. At the first payment of the sayd third Subsidie the some of fyve shillings sower pence, and at the second payment of the sayd third Subsidie the some of two shillings eight pence ; and to and for the sayd fourth Subsidie, in two sev'all paymentf, eight shillingf of e9y pound, in manner and forme following, videit, At the first payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie the some of fyve shillingf sower pence, and at the second payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie the s5me of two shillingf eight pence: And that all somes to be presented and chargeable by this Acte, either for Goods and Debts or either of them, or for Lands and Tenementf and other the premisses as is in this Acte conteyned, shalbe at every of the said paymentf set and taxed after the Rate and Porc6n according to the trewe meaning of this Acte; (Landes and Tenementf chargeable to the Dismes of the Clergie, and yearely Wages due to servauntf for their yearelie service, (other then the Queenes servantf takeing yearely Wages of fyve poundes or above,) only excepted and foreprized ; And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goods Debts and Chattellf Personallf, and all Lands Tenementf and other the premisses as aforesaid, being in the Rule and Custodie of anie person or persons to the use of any Corporacbn Fratemitie Guilde Misterie Brotherhood or any Comynaltie, beinge Corporate or not Corporate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Acte, at the value cerdfied by the Presenters of that Certificate of every pound in Goods and Debts as is abovesaid, and for every pound in Lands Tenementf Annuydes Fees Corrodies and other yearly Profittf as is aforesayd; and the somes that are above rehersed set and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have such Goods in Custody, or otherwise charged for Landes as is before rehearsed; And the same person or persons and Bodye Corporate, by Aucthoride of this Acte, shalbe discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or delivery thereof, or at his otherwise departure from the Custody or Possession of the same: Except and alwaies foreprized from the Chardge and Assessement of theis Subsidies, all Goods Chattells Jewells and Omamentf of Churches or Chappells, which have been ordayned and used in Churches or Chappells for the hono' and service of Almighde God.

And the payment of the sayd first Subsidie shalbe, by aucthoride aforesayd, taxed sessed and rated according to this Acte, in every Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Boroughe Towne and every other Place wlkin this Realme of England and Wales and other the Queenes Domynions, before the laste day of December next coming; And the first payment of the sayd second Subsidie shalbe, by the Aucthoritie aforesayd, taxed sessed and rated before the laste day of Marche, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two, and the second payment of the said seconde Subsidie shalbe by the aucthoritie aforesayd taxed sessed and rated before the last day of October, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two ; And the first payment of the sayd third Subsidie shalbe by the aucthoritie aforesayd taxed assessed and rated before the last day of Marche, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and three, and the second payment of the said third Subsidie shalbe by the aucthoritie aforesayd taxed sessed and rated before the laste day of October, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and three; And the first payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie shalbe by the aucthority aforesayd taxed sessed and rated before the last day of Marche, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower, and the second payment of the sayd

A.D. 1601

48° Eliz. c. 18.

997

fourth Subsidie shalbe by the aucthoride aforesayd taxed sessed and rated, accordinge to this Acte, in ev'y Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citde Boroughe Towne and every other place w^in this Realme of England and Wales and other the Queenes Domynions, before the last day of October, w* shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and sower ; And the perdculer somes of ev’y Shire Riding Boroughe Towne or other Places aforesaid, with the particuler Names of such as are or shalbe chargeable for and to the payment of the sayd first Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Cdmissioners to the same to be lymited or two of them at the least, with the Names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Queenes Exchequo' before the twentith day of January next coming ; And the particuler somes of ev'y Shire Riding Boroughe Towne and other Places aforesayd, with the particuler Names of such as are chargeable for and to the first payment of the sayd second Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by Comissioners to the same to bee lymited or two of them at the least, with the Names of the Highe Collecto", And in the same forme shalbe certified into the Queenes Exchequo' before the last day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of o’ Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two; And the particuler somes of every Shire Riding Borough Towne and other Places aforesayd, with the particuler names of such as are chargeable for and to the second payment of the said second Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be lymited, or two of them at the least, w,h the names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certefied into the Queenes Exchequo' before the last day of November, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two; And the particuler s5mes of every Shire Riding Boroughe Towne and other places aforesayd, wu the particuler names of such as are chargeable for and to the first payment of the sayd third Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be lymited, or two of them at the least, w* the names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Queenes Exchequo’ before the last day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and three; And the particuler somes of every Shire Riding Boroughe Towne and other places aforesaid, with the particuler names of such as are chargeable for and to the second payment of the sayd third Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the C5missioSs to the same to be lymited, or two of them at the least, with the names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Queenes Exchequo' before the last day of November, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and three; And the particuler somes of every Shire Riding Boroughe Towne and other places aforesaid, with the particuler names of such as be chargeable for and to the first payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Cdmissioners to the same to be lymited, or two of them at the least, with the names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Queenes Exchequo' before the last day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower ; And the particuler sdmes of every Shire Riding Boroughe Townes and other places aforesaid, with the particuler names of such as be chargeable to and for the second payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Cdmissioners to the same to be lymited, or anye two of them at the least, with the names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Queenes Exchequo' before the last day of November, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower : And the sayd sdmes, in forme aforesayd to be taxed to and for the payment of the sayd first Subsidie, shalbe payed in one entire some into the Queenes Receipt of Exchequo' aforesaid, to the use of our sayd Sov’aigne Lady, at or before the last day of February next coming; And the said sdmes in mann! and forme aforesayd to be taxed for the first payment of the said second Subsidie, shalbe payd in one entire some into the Receipt aforesaid, to the use aforesayd, at or before the last day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two; And the sayd sdmes in manS and forme aforesayd to be taxed for the second payment of the sayd second Subsidie, shalbe paid into the Receipt aforesayd to the use aforesayd, at or before the last day of Februarie, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two ; And the sayd sdmes in mann! and forme aforesayd to be taxed for the first payment of the sayd third Subsidie, shalbe paide into the Receipte aforesayd to the use aforesaid, at or before the last day of June, wch shalbe in the yeare of our Lord One thowsand six hundreth and three ; And the sayd somes in mann! and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the second payment of the sayd third Subsidie, shalbe payd into the Receipt of the sayd Exchequo' to the use aforesayd, at or before the last day of February, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and three; And the sayd somes in mann! and forme aforesayd to be taxed for the first payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie, shalbe payde into the Receipte aforesayd to the use aforesayd, at or before the last day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower; And the sayd sdmes in mann! and forme aforesayd, to be taxed for the last payment of the sayd fourth Subsidies, shalbe payd into the Receipte of the sayd Exchequo' to the use aforesayd, at or before the last day of February, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower. And the somes abovesayd of and for the sayd Subsidies shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levied and payd to the use of our sayd SoPaigne Lady her Heires and Successo" in forme abovesayd, as well within the Liberties Franchises Sanctuaries auncient Demesne and other whatsoever Places, exempt or not exempte, as without; Except such Shires Places and Persons as shalbe foreprised in and by this present Acte; Any Graunt Charter Prescripcbn Use or Libertie by reason of any Letters Patentf, or other Priviledge Prescripcon Allowance of the same, or whatsoever other Matter of Discharge, heretofore to the contrary made graunted used or obtayned notwithstanding.

And yt is further enacted by the aucthoritie of this present Parliament, That every such person, aswell such as be borne under the Queenes obeisance, as every other person Stranger borne. Denizen or not Denizen, inhabiting within this Realme or w^in Wales or other the Queenes Domynions, which at the tyme of the same Assessingf or Taxac&ns or of every of them to be had or made, shalbe out of this Realme or out of Wales, and have Goods Chattells

Vou IV.

it X

to be paid u well within Libertiea at without:

[$« } XXX.]

VII.

Rating of Absentees and others, according to Assessments, See.


Original from PENN STATE

998

43° Eliz. c. 18.

VIU. Appointment of Commissioners, for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, See.

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations j

Commissions shall be issued nut of Chancery.

Lands or Tenementf Fees or Annuyties or other Profittf within this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitantf of the place where such Goods Chattells Landes Tenementf or other the p*misses then shalbe, or in such other place where such person or persons or his or their Factor Deputy or Attorney shall hare their most resorte unto within this Realme or in Wales, in like manS as if the sayd person were or had been at the tyme of the sayd Assessing within this Realme; And that every person abyding or dwellinge wthin this Realme or without this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsidies graunted by this Acte, according and after the Rate of such yearely substance or value of Lands or Tenementf Goods Chattells and other the p’misses, as every person so to be charged shalbe sett at at the tyme of the sayd Assessing or Taxa£6n upon him to be made, and noe otherwise.

And be yt further enacted by the aucthoride aforesaid. That for the asessing and ordering of the sayd Fower Subsidies to be duly had, the Lord Chauncello' of England or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, the Lord Thresorer of England, the Lord Steward of the Queenes Ma'f Howshoulde, the Lord Admirall of England, the Lord Chamberlaine of the Queenes most honorable Howshoulde for the tyme being, or two of them at the least, whereof the Lord Chauncello' of England or Keeper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge to be one, shall and may name and appoyrtte of and for e$y Shire Riding and other Places, aswell within this Realme as in Wales, and other the Queenes Domynions, as also of and for every Cittie and Towne being a County of yt self, and of and for the Isle of Wight, such certaine nomber of persons of every of the same Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes and Isle of Wight, and every other place, as they shall thinke convenient, to be Comissioners of and within the same place, whereof they be Inhabitantf; And also of and for the honorable Howshoulde of the Queenes Mall*, in what Shire or other Place the sayd Howshoulde shall happen then to be; And the Lord Chauncello' or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, and other with him before named, or two of them as is aforesayd, in like manS may name and appoynte of every other such Borough and Townes Corporate, aswell in England as in Wales, and other the Queenes Domynions, as they shall thinke requisite, sixe fyve sower three or two of the head Officers, and other honest Inhabitantf of every the said Citties Boroughes and Townes Corporat, according to the nomber and muldtude of the people being in the same; The which peons, (yf any such be,) thereunto named of the sayd Inhabitantf of the sayd Boroughes and Townes Corporat, not being Counties of themselves, shalbe joyned and put in as Comissioners w® the persons named for such Shires and Ridingf as the sayd Boroughes and Townes Corporat not being Counties in themselves, be sett and have their beinge; Which persons so named for and of the sayd Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not being Counties, by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not take upon them nor none of them, to put any part of their Comission in execuc&n for the pmisses out of the sayd Boroughes and Townes Corporate, wherein they be so named only, nor to execute the sayd Comission within the Boroughe or Towne Corporate where they be so dwelling, but at such dayes and tymes as the sayd other Comissioners for the same Shire and Ridinge shall thereunto lymitt and appoynte, w®in the same Boroughe and Towne Corporate not being a County whereof they be so named, and not out of such Boroughe or Towne ; And in that manS to' be ayding and assisting with the sayd other Comissioners in and for the good executing of the effecte of the same Comission, upon paine of every of the said Comissioners, so named for every such Cittie Borough and Towne Corporat not being a County, to make such Fine as the said other Comissioners in the Cdmission of and for the same Shire or Riding so named, or three of them at the leaste, shall by their discrecbn sett and certify into the Queenes Exchequo', there to be levied to the use of the Queenes Ma"*, in like manS as yf such or like somes had been sett and rated upon every such person for the sayd Subsidies; The which Comissioners so named, of and for the said Citties Boroughes and Townes not being Counties, and only putt into the sayd Comission by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not have any pt of the por£6n of the Fees and Rewards of the Comissioners and their Clarkf in this Acte afterward specified and allowed. And the Lord Chauncello' of England or Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the tyme being, shall make and direct out of the Court of the Chauncery under the Greate Seale, severall Comissions, That is to say. For ev*y Shire Ridinge Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Towne Borough Isle and Howshoulde, unto such person and persons as by his discrefiSn or any of the other with him before named and appoynted, as is before rehearsed, shalbe thought sufficient, for the seassing and levying of the said sower Subsidies in all Shires and Places according to the trewe meaning of this Acte; Which Comission for the payment of the sayd first Subsidie, shalbe directed and delivered to the sayd Comissioners or to one of them before the sixteenth day of December next coming; And the Comission for the first payment of the sayd second Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them, before the twentith day of February next coming, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and one; And the Comission for the seconde payment of the sayd second Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them, before the twentith day of September, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two; And the Comission for the first payment of the sayd third Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the sayd Comissioners or to one of them before the twentith day of February, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two; And the C5mission for the second payment of the sayd Third Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them before the twentith day of September, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand six hundreth and three; And the Comission for the first payment of the said fourth Subsidie, shalbe directed and delivered to the sayd Comissioners or to one of them before the twentith day of February, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand sixe hundreth and three; And the Comission for the seconde payment of the said fourth Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the sayd Comissioners or to one of them before the twenitth day of September, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand six

LjCk .<zie

Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 1601

43° Eliz. c. 18.

999

hundreth and sower: And to every of the sayd Comissions, Ten Schedules, conteyning in them the Teno' of this Acte, shalbe affiled ; By the which Comission, the Comissioners in every such CSmission named according to this Acte, and as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the sayd Comission, shall have full Power and Aucthoritie to put the Effect of the same Comission in Execuc&n: And that by Aucthoritie of this Acte, after such Comission to them dyrected, they may by their Assentf and Agreementf sever themselves for the Execuc&n of their Comission, in Hundreds Lathes Wards Rapes Wapentakes Townes Parishes and other Places w^in the Lymittf of the sayd Comission, in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered, and betweene them to be communed and agreed, according to the teno* and effect of the Comission to them therein directed, upon which severaunce every person of this present Parliament that shalbe Comissioner shalbe assigned unto the Hundred where he dwelleth: Provided alwayes. That no person be or shalbe compelled to be any Comissioner to and for the Execuc&n of this present Acte, but only in the Shire where he dwelleth and inhabiteth; And that any person assigned to the contrary thereof in any wise, shall not be compelled to put in execuc&n the effect of this Acte or any part thereof.

And be yt also enacted by the aucthoritie of this psent Parliament, That the Comissioners and every of them which shalbe named lymited and appoynted according to this Acte, to be C5missioners in every such Shire Riding Lath Wapentake Rape Citty Towne Boroughe Isle and the sayd Houshould, or any other place, and noe other, shall trewly effectually and diligently for their part execute the effect of this p'sent Acte according to the Teno1 thereof in every behalf, and no otherwise, by any other meanes, without Omission Favo' Dread Malice or any other thing to be attempted or done by them or any of them to the contrary thereof: And the sayd Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the said Comission, and none other, for the Execuc&n of the sayd Comission and Acte, shall for the Taxac&n of the said first Subsidie, before the twentith day of December next coming; And for the Taxac&n of the first payment of the sayd second Subsidie, shall before the last day of February, which shalbe in the yere of or Lord God One Thowsand sixe hundreth and one; And for the Taxaf&n of the second payment of the sayd second Subsidie, shall before the last day of September which shalbe in yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand six hundreth and two ; And for the Taxac&n of the first payment of the sayd third Subsidie, shall before the last day of February which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two; And for the Taxac&n of the second payment of the sayd third Subsidie, shall before the last day of September which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundreth and three ; And for the Taxac&n of the first payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie, shall before the last day of February which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and three; And for the Taxac&n of the second payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie shall before the last day of September which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand six hundreth and sower, by vertue of the Comission delivered unto them in forme aforesayd, direct their severall or joynt precept or preceptf unto eight seaven sixe fyve sower three or two, as for the nomber of the Inhabitantf shalbe requisite, of the most substantiall discreet and honest psons Inhabitantf, to be named by the sayd Comissioners or by as many of them as shalbe apoynted by the sayd Comission, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes Townes and other Places, aswell within Liberties Franchises ancient Demesne places exempted and Sanctuaries as without, within the Lymittf of the Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes Boroughes and Isle aforesayd, and

other Places within the Lymittf of their Comission, and to the Constables Subconstables Baylifff and other like

Officers and Ministers of every of the said Hundreds Townes Wardes Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and other Places aforesayd, as to the sayd Comissioners and every nomber of them, or unto three or two of them by their discrec&n in division, shall seeme expedient, as by the mann! and use of those parties shalbe requisite; Straightly by the sayd Precept charging and commaunding the sayd Inhabitantf Constables and other Officers aforesayd, to whome such precept shalbe directed, to appeare in theire proper persons before the sayd Comissioners or such nomber of them as they shall devide themselves, according to the teno' of the sayd Comission, at certayne Dayes and Places by the sayd Chmissioners or any nomber of them as is aforesayd, within Citties Boroughes or Townes Corporate or without, in any other Places as is aforesayd, by their discrec&n shalbe lymitted thereunto, to doe and accomplish all that to them on the part of the Queenes Ma,le shalbe enjoyned touching this Acte; Commaunding further by the same precept, that he to whose Hands such precept shall come, shall shewe and deliver the same to the other Inhabitantf or Officers named in the same precept ; And that none of them fayle to accomplishe the same, upon paine of Fortie Shillingf to be forfeited to the Queenes Ma"e.

And it is further ordayned by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That at the sayd day and place prefixed

and lymitted in the said Precept, e$y of the said Comissioners then being in the Shire, and having no sufficient

excuse for his absence, at the day and place pfixed for that part whereunto he was lymitted, shall appeare in his proper person, and there the same Comissioners being present, or as manny of them as shall be appoynted by the Queenes Ma'f Comission, shall call or cause to be called before them, the sayd Inhabitantf and Officers to whome they have directed their said preceptf, and wch had in Commaundement there to appeare by vertue of the sayd precept; And yf any person so warned make default, unlesse he then be letted by sicknes or lawfull excuse, and that lett then being witnessed by the Othes of two credible persons, Or if any appearing refuse to serve in forme following, then every such person so makeing default or refusing to serve, shall forfeit to the Queenes Ma"' Fortie shillingf; and so at every tyrae appointed by the sayd Comissioners for the same Taxac&n, untill such time the nomber of ev*y such psons have appeared and certified in forme under written, every of them so makeing default or refusing to serve, shall forfett to the Queenes Ma°* Fortie shillingf: And upon the same Appearance had, they

Commissioners may divide, and act in their separate Districts.

Commissioners shall be Residents.

IX. Commissioners shall act without Favour, Ikc.;

and shall at certain Periods in each Year summon Inhabitants Constables, See. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

X.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be charged to inquire and certify the Value of all Property, rateable to the said several Subsidies; on Penalty o(£5.kc.


1000

43° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1601.

Charge of the Commissioner* to such Inquirers;

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificates, by such Inquirers j

Penalty of 40s. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify.

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments;

Summoning Parties under-rated;

to be examined, but not on Oath j

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double;

shalbe charged before the Comissioners by all convenient waies and meanes, (other then by Corporall Oathe,) to enquire of the best and most value of the Substance of ev'y person dwelling and abyding w,hin the lymittf of the Places that they shalbe charged with, and of other wth shall have his or their most Resort unto any of the sayd Places, and chargeable with any some of Money by this Acte of the sayd Subsidies, and of all other Things requisite towching the said Acte, and according to the intent of the same; and thereupon as neere as it may be or shall come to their knowledge, w'Vnrt respect of any former Taxactin heretofore had, trewly to present and certifie before the sayd Comissioners the names and surnames and the best and uttermost Substance and Values of every of them, aswell of Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf Possessions and Profittf as of Goods Chattells Dettf and other Things chargeable by the same Act, w,hout any Concealment Love Favo' Affection Dread or Malice, upon paine of forfeiture of Fyve Pounds or more, to bee taxed extracted and levied in forme as hereafter in this psent Acte shalbe lymitted or appoynted: And thereupon the sayd Comissioners shall openly there read or cause to be read unto them the sayd Rates, in this Acte menc&ned, and openly declare the effect of their Charge unto them, in what mann! and forme they ought and should make their Certificate, according to the Rates and Somes thereof abovesayd, and of all mann! of persons, aswell Aliens and Strangers, Denizens or not Denizens, inhabiting w"*in this Realme, as of such persons as be borne under the Queenes Obeisance chargeable to this Acte, and of the Possessions Goods and Chattells of Fraternities Guilds Corporations Brotherhoodf Misteries Comynalties and other as is abovesayd, and of persons being in the parts beyonde the Seas, having Goods and Chattells Lands or Tenementf wlhin this Realme as is aforesayd, and of all Goods being in the custody of any person or persons, to the use of any other as is abovesayd; by the which information and shewing, the sayd persons should have such playne knowledge of the trew intent of this present Acte and of the manS of their Certificate, that the same persons shall have noe reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance: And after such Charge and the Statute of the sayd Subsidies, and the mann! of the sayd Certificate to be made in wryting, conteyning the names and surnames of every person, and whether he be borne w,hout the Queenes Obeisance or within, and the best value of every person in e9y degree, aswell of the yearely value of Lands and Tenementf and of such like Possessions and Profittf as of the value of Goods and Chattellf Debts and every thing to their Certificate requisite and necessarie to them declared, the sayd Comissioners there being, shall by their discrec&ns appoynte and lymitt unto the sayd psons another day and place to appeare before the said Comissioners, and charging the sayd persons that they in the meane tyme shall make diligent enquiry by all wayes and meanes of the premisses, and then and there every of them, upon payne of forfeiture of Fortie shillingf to the Queenes Ma"*, to appeare at the sayd new prefixed daie and place, there to certifie unto the sayd Comissioners in Writing according to their said Charge, and according to the trew intent of the said Graunt of Subsidies, and as to them in mann! aforesayd hath been declared and shewed by the Comissioners : At wch Day and Place so to them prefixed, if any of the sayd persons make default, or appeare and refuse to make the said Certificate, that then ev*y of them so offending to forfeite to the Queenes MaUc Fortie shillingf, Except there be a reasonable excuse of his default by reason of sicknes or otherwise, by the Oathes of two credible persons there witnessed ; and of such as appeare ready to make Certificat as is aforesayd, the sayd Comission!s there being, shall take and receive the same Certificate and every part thereof, and the Names Values and Substance of ev*y person so certified : And if the sayd Comissioners see cause reasonable, they shall examyne the sayd Presenters thereof, and thereupon the sayd Comissioners at the sayd Dayes and Place, by theire Agreement amongst themselves, shall from tyme to tyme there openly prefixe a Day at a certayne Place or Places within the Lymittf of their Comission by their discrec&n, for their further proceeding to the sayd assessing of the same Subsidies: And thereupon at the sayd Day of the sayd Certificate as is aforesayd taken, the same Commissioners shall make their Precept or Preceptf, to the Constables Subconstables Baylifff or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Places aforesayd as the same Comissioners shalbe of, comprising and conteyning in the said Preceptf the Names and Surnames of all psons presented before them in the sayd Certificate, of whom yf the sayd Commissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Queenes Comission shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substance in Lands Goods Chattellf or somes of Money owing to them, or other substance aforesayd, then upon such person or persons so certefied and specified as aforesaid, the same Comissioners -shall make their Precepte or Preceptf directed to the Constable Baylifff or other Officers, cdmaunding the sayd Constable Baylifff or other Officers to whome such Preceptf shalbe directed, to wame such psons whose Names shalbe comprised in the sayd Preceptf, at their Mansions, or to their psons, that the same psons named in suche Preceptf, and e9y of them, shall psonally appeare before the said Comissioners at the sayd new prefixed day and place, there to be examined by all waies and meanes, (other then by Corporall Oath,) by the sayd Comissioners, of their greatest Substance and best Value, and of all and ePy somes of Money owing to them, and other whatsoev* matter concerning the pmisses or any of them according to this Acte; At which Day and Place so pfixed the sayd Comissioners then and there being, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appoynted by the Queenes Comission, shall cause to be called the sayd psons whose Names shalbe comprised in the sayd Precept as is aforesayd, for their Examinacon; And if any of those psons wch shalbe warned as is aforesayd to be examyned, w1* at any tyme after the warning and before the pfixed Day shalbe w""in such Place where he may have knowledge of his sayd Appearaunce to be made, make default and appeare not, unlesse a reasonable cause or ells a reasonable excuse by the Oathes of two credible psons before the sayd Comissioners be trewly alledged for his discharge, that then ePy of them so makeing default, to be taxed and charged to the Queenes Ma*, w"‘ and at the double some of the Rate that he shoulde or ought to have been sett at, for and after the best value of his Lands or Substance upon him certified if he had appeared, by the discrec&n of the Comissioners there being: Which Comissioners shall travell w4 every of the other psons so then and there appearing, whose Names shalbe


A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 18.

1001

expressed in the sayd Precept or Preceptf, and in whome any vehement suspect was or shalbe had in forme atoresayd, by all such waies and meanes as they can, (other then by Corporall Oath,) for the better knowledge of their best value, either in Hereditamentf or Possessions, or else in Goods or Debts, and thereupon shall have power and aucthority by vertue of this Acte according to their discrec&ns to enlarge and encrease the Taxac&n of such persons as they shall so fynde by due examinac&n to bee of greater value or substance in Lands or Goodes then they were Rented at: And that ePy Spirituall person at ePy of the sayd Taxac&ns of the sayd sower Subsidies, shalbe rated and sett, according to the Rate abovesaid, of and for e9y pound that the same Spirituall pson or any other to his use, hath by Discent Bargayne or Purchase, in Fee Simple Fee Tayle tearme of Lief tearme of Yeares, by Execuc&n by Wardship or by Copie of Court Rolle, in any Manno" Lands Tenementf Rents Services Offices Fees Corodies or Hereditamentf, after the trew just and yearely value thereof, and according as other the Queens Ma'f Subjects borne wlhin this Realme be charged, in forme above remembred, so that it extende to the yearely value of Twenty shillingf or above.

And yt is further enacted, That yf the sayd Taxo" or Assesso" shall not duly behave themselves in their Inquiry Taxac&n Assessement or Certificate, but shall aifectionatly corruptly or partially demeane themselves in that behalf, in such wise that the C5missioners shall by their Considerac&ns deeme them Offendo" worthy of punishment for not doing their Duties therein, That then sower or more of the Comissioners in that County for the same Subsidie, shall have power and aucthoritie by their discrec&ns, either to charge the sayd Assesso" upon their corporall Oathes for the better service aforesaid in that behalf, or else by their discrec&ns to tax and sett upon ev*y of the sayd Assesso" for their Misdemeano" in that behalf, such a Fyne or Payne as they shall thinke good, so that it exceede not the some of Tenn Pounds; And the same Fyne or Paine at their discretions to estreate into the Courte of Exchequo'; Ev*y which Fyne so taxed and sett by Fower of the sayd Comissioners or more, and being estreated with the Scedule and Bookes of that lymitr, shalbe levyed and aunswered to the Queenes use, in like manro and forme to all intentf and purposes as any other s5mes that shalbe taxed and become dewe by vertue of this Statute and Acte of Subsidie, and not in any other wise or manS: And yf any pson certefied or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether he be a Comissioner or other, to any manS of valew, doth finde himself greeved w"* the same presentment sessing or rating, and thereupon complaine to the Comissioners before whome he shalbe called sessed or taxed, or before two of them, before the same Taxac&n be certified into the Courte of Exchequo', That then the sayd Comissioners, or two of them, shall by all waies and meanes, examyne particulerly and dystinctlye the pson so complayning, upon his Oath, and others his Neighboures by their discrec&ns, of ev'y his Lands and Tenementf above specified, and of epy his Goods Chattells and Debts above menc&ned; And after dewe examinac&n and pfect knowledge thereof had and pceived by the sayd ComissioSs or two of them, wdl shall have power by Aucthoritie aforesayd, the sayd Comissioners, or two of them to whome any such Complaint shalbe made, by their discref&n upon the Oath of the sayd pson so complayning, may abate defaulke increase or inlarge the sayd Assessmentf according as it shall appeare unto them just upon the same Examinac&n; And the same some so abated defaulked increased or inlarged, shalbe by them estreated in forme as hereafter ensueth: And yf it be proved by witnesses or by the pties owne Confession, or other lawfull waies or meanes, w,hin a yeare after any such Oathe made, that the same pson so rated and sworne was of any better or greater valew in Lands Goods or other Things above specified at the tyme of his said Oathe, then the same pson so sworne did declare upon his said Oathe, Thac then ePy such pson so offending shall loose and forfeit to the Queenes Mal,e so much lawfull Money of England as he the same pson so sworne was sett or taxed to pay.

And also yt is enacted by the same Aucthoritie, That ev*y pson to be rated and taxed as is aforesayd, shalbe rated and sett, and the some on him sett, to be levyed at such place where he and his familie were resident for the

most pte of the yeare next before the same presentment and Taxac&n made, and no where else: And that noe

Comissioner for this Subsidie shall be rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other Place where he shalbe Comissioner; And that yf any pson chargeable to this Acte at the tyme of the same Assessing happen to be out of this Realme and out of Wales, or farre from the place where he shall be knowne, then he to be sett where he was last abiding in this Realme or w’hin Wales, and after the Substance Value and other Profittf of every pson to be knowne by the Examynac&n Certificate or other manS of wies as is aforesayd; And that the sayd Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe appoynted by the Queenes Ma’f Comission or Comissions, shall, after the Rate and Rates aforesaid, cause ev*y pson so to be sett rated and taxed according to the Rate of the Substance and Value of his Lands Goods Chattells and other Profittf chargeable by this Acte, whereby the greatest or most best some or somes according to his most substance by reason of this Acte might or may be sett or taxed: And that e9y pson taxed in any County or Place, other then where he and his familie were resiant for the

most part of the yeare then next before, or in any Countie or Place other then where he is a Comissioner for

the Subsidie, yf he be a Comissioner, upon Certificate made to the sayd Court of Exchequo' under the Hands and Seales of two Comissioners for the same Subsidie in the same County or Place, where such pson and his

familie were resiant for the most part of the yeare then next before, or where he is a Comissioner for the Taxac&n

and Payment of the same Subsidie, testifying such his most Resiancie, having of Familie, or being a Comissioner, shalbe a sufficient Discharge for the Taxac&n of that pson in all other places, and of and for all other somes of Money upon such psons so sett and taxed, save only the Taxac&n made in that County or Place from

such Certificate shalbe made as is aforesaid, and for the some of Money upon such psons there assessed

or taxed ; And that such Certificate, w^out any Plea or other Circumstaunce, shalbe a sufficient Warrant

Parties appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath;

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Lap Possessions.

XI.

Commissioners may fine Assessors for Neglect, Stc. not exceeding s£io, 8cc.

Commissioners, on Complaint, on Oath of Parties,Stc. may decrease or increase Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

XII.

Part ics shall be rated where dwelling, ate.

Commissioners,

within Shires}

Absentees, where last abiding;

according to the highest Kate, Stc.

Relief against Double Charges.


II Y


1002

43° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1601.

XIII. Persona rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, &c.

None shall be doubly charged.

XIV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced;

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, 8tc. Double Rate.

XV. Commissioners shall assess themselves and the Assessors.

XVI. Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, &c.

XVII.

After Assessment, Estreats shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed by Distress, &c. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

aswell to the Barrons and Audito' and Audito" of the sayd Courte of Exchequo', as to all and ev*y other Officers to whome the Allowauncc therof shall appertayne, paying for such Discharge and Allowance only Six Pence and no more.

Provided alwaies. That ev*y such pson w4 shalbe rated or taxed according to the intent and trew meaning of this Acte, for payment of and to theise Subsidies, for and after the yearely value of his Lands Tenement f and other Reall Possessions or other Profittf at any of the said Taxacftns, shall not after be sett and rated for his Goods and Cattells or other moveable Substance at the same Taxac&n; and that he that shalbe sett charged or taxed for the same Subsidies for his Goods Cattellf and other Moveables at any of the sayd Taxac&ns according to the trew meaning of this Acte, shall not after be charged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Profittf abovesaid, at the same Taxac&ns or any of them; Nor that any pson by any Taxacdn be double charged for the sayd Subsidies, nor sett or taxed at se^all Places by reason of this Acte; But if any pson happen to be double sett taxed or charged either in one place or at sevall places, then he to be discharged of the one Taxac&n and charged with the other, according to the intent and meaning of this Acte; Any thing conteyned in this psent Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And that yt be ordayned and enacted by the said Aucthoritie of this psent Parliament, That noe pson having two Mansions or two Places to resort unto, or calling himself Howshould Servant or wayting Servant to the Queenes Majesty or other Lord or Lady Master or Mistresse, be excused upon his saying from the Taxes of the sayd Subsidies in neither of the Places where he may be sett or taxed, unlesse he bring a Certificate in writing from the Comissioners where that he is so sett or taxed indeed at one Place; And yf any pson that ought to be sett and taxed to this psent Subsidies by reason of his removing or resorting to two places, or by reason of his saying that he els where was taxed, or by reason of any priviledge, of his dwelling or abyding in any place not being foreprised in this Acte, or otherwies by his Covyn or Crafte, or by any Words or Sayings or otherwise, Or yf any that is a Comissioner or Assessor of others, happen to escape from the sayd Taxac&ns for the payment of theis Subsidies or any of them, and be not sett and taxed accordinge to the trew intente of this Acte, and that proved by Presentement Examinac&n Informacon or otherwise before the sayd Comissioners or two of them, or before the Barons of the Queenes Ma*f Exchequo' or two Justices of the Peace of the Countie where such pson dwelleth; Then ev'y such pson that, by suche meanes or otherwise, willingly by Covine or wu,out just cause, shall happen to escape from the said Taxac&ns or Paymentf aforesayd or any of them, and shall not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof, with and at the double value of so much as he shoulde might or ought to have been sett and taxed at by vertue of this Acte; And the same double value to be levied gathered and payed of his Goods and Cattells Lands and Tenementf towards the said Subsidies, and further to be punished according to the discrecons of the Barons Justices and Comissioners before whome he shalbe convicted for his Offence and Deceipte in that behalf.

And be yt further enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesayd. That the saide Comissioners in ev*y Comission which shalbe or inhabite in any County or Place w>hin the Lvmittf of their Comission, or the more part of them, shall have full Power and Aucthoritie by this Acte to sett taxe and sesse ev^y other Comissioner joyned w,u them in e9y such Comission, and the sayd Comissioners w,hin every Division shall also assesse ev*y Assessor w^in their Division for his or their Goods Lands and other the pmisses as is abovesaid; By the w1* sayd Comission the sayd Comissioners to whome it shall appertayne, shall indifferently sett taxe and sesse themselves and the said Assessours; and aswell the somes upon ePy of the sayd Comissioners and Assessors so sessed rated and taxed, as the somes made and presented by the Presentors as is abovesayd, shalbe written certefied sett and estreated, and the Estreatf thereof to be made, with other the Inhabitantf of that part, and wthin the Lymittf of the same Comission and Division soe to be gathered and levied, in like mann! as yt ought or should have bene yf the sayd Comissioners had not been in the said Comission.

And that all psons of the Estate of a Baron or Barons, and ev*y Estate above, shalbe charged w,h their Freehould and Value as is aforesayd, by the Chauncello' or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England, the Highe Threasorer of England for the tyme being, or one of them, together with other such psons as by the Queenes Ma'f Aucthoritie or Commaundement shalbe named and appoynted, and they to be charged for the sayd sevPall paymentf of the sayd Subsidies after the forme of the said Graunt, accordinge to the Taxac&n aforesayd; And the some of and upon them to be taxed and sett, w"* the Names of the Collecto" appoynted for the gathering and paying of the same, to be estreated delivered and certified at Dayes and Places above specified by the Lord Chauncello' or Keep of the Greate Seale and Lord Threasorer or one of them, togeather w*" other such psons as thereunto shalbe named as is aforesaid.

And be yt further enacted by the Aucthoritie aforesaid. That after the Taxes and Assesses of the sayd somes upon and by the said Assessing and Certificate as is aforesaid made, the sayd Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appoyneted, and have Aucthoritie by the Queenes Ma*f Comission, shall w* all speed and w^out delay, by their Writing, estreate the sayd Taxes thereof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe appoynted at the least; And the same shall deliver unto sufficient and substantiall Inhabitantf Constables Subconstables Baylifff and other Officers joyntly, of Hundreds Townes Parishes and other Places aforesayd w^in their Lymitf, and to other sufficient psons Inhabitantf of the same.

A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 18.

1003

only by the discrec&n of the said Comissioners wUl the Assent of the Highe Collecto', and as the place and parties shall require, as well the pticuler Names and Surnames as the Remembraunce of all the somes of Money taxed and sett of and upon ev'y pson aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Howshoulder and all other Inhabitantf and Dwellers w^in the said Parishes Townes and Places contributorie to this Acte of Subsidies; By Aucthoride of w* Wryting and Estreate so delivered, the said Officers and other psons so named and deputed, sev’ally shall have full Power and Aucthoride by vertue of this Acte, ymmediatly after the deliv'y of the saide Wryting or Estreate, to demaunde levye and gather of ev'y person therein specified the s5me and somes in the same Wridng or Estreate comprised; And for none payment thereof to distreyne the same person or persons so being behinde, by their Goods and Cattellf, and the Distresse so taken to keepe by the space of eight daies, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner thereof; And yf the said Ownor do not pay such some of Money as shalbe taxed by Aucthoride of this Acte w,hin the same Eight daies, then the same Distresse to be appraised by Fower or Three or Two of the Inhabitantf where suche Distresse is taken, and also then to be soulde by the Constable or other Collecto' for the payment of the sayd Money, and the Overplus coming of the sale and keeping thereof (yf any be) to be ymmediatly restored to the Owner of the same Distresse; which said Officers and other persons so deputed to aske take gather and levye the said somes, shall answere and be charged for the porf&n only to them assigned and lymitted, to be gathered levyed and comprised in the sayd Wryting or Estreate so to them as is aforesaid deliv'ed, to the use of our Sov'aigne Lady the Queenes Ma"* and her Heires & Successo"; And the said some in that Writing or Estreate comprised, to pay unto the Highe Collecto' or Collecto" of that place for the Collecc&n of the same, in rtaatl and forme under written thereunto to be named and deputed ; and the same Inhabitantf and Officers so gathering the same pticular Somes, for their Collection thereof, shall reteyne of ev'y Twenty Shillingf so by them received and payd, Two pence; and that to be allowed at the payment of their Collection by them to be made to the Highe Collector or Collecto".

And further be yt enacted by the sayd Aucthoritie, That the sayd Comissioners, or the more part of them as shall take upon them the Execuc&n and Businesse of the said Comission, shall for ev'y of the sayd Paymentf of the said Subsidies, name such sufficient and able psons wdl then shall have and possesse Lands and other Hereditamentf in their owne Right of the cleare yearely value of sortie pounds, or Goods to the value of sower hundred pounds at the least, as he shalbe taxed in the Subsidie Booke, if any such be in the sayd lymittf, and for wante of such soe assessed, then those to be appoynted Collecto" that then shalbe sufficient, and rated and taxed in the Subsidie Books in Lands or Goods neerest to the values aforesayd, as by their discretion shall be thought good, in Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakf Rapes Citties Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places, aswell w,hin places priviledged as w'Vmt, not being foreprised w,hin this Acte, to be Highe Collecto", and to have the Collection and Receipt of the said somes sett and leviable wthin the Precincte Lymittf and Boundf where they shalbe so lymitted and appoynted to be Highe Collecto"; And to ev'y of the sayd Collecto" so sev'ally named, the sayd Comissioners, or two of them at the least, w,h all speed and wthout delay, after the said whole some of any payment of the sayd Subsidies be sett by all the lymittf of the same their Comyssion, or in such lymittf as the Highe Collecto" shalbe so sev'ally assigned, shall under theire Seales and Signe Manuell deliver one Estreate indented in Parchement, comprising in yt the Names of all such psons as were assigned to levye the sayd pticuler somes, and the somes of ev'y Hundred Wapentake Towne and other Place aforesayd, wlh the Names and Surnames of the psons so chargeable, according to the Estreate so first thereof made and delivered as is aforesayd: And the Collecto" to be assigned shalbe charged to answere the whole s5me comprised in the said Estreate lymitted to his Collection as is aforesayd.

Provided alwaies and be yt enacted by the aucthoritie aforesayd. That the sayd Comissioners having aucthoritie by this Acte to name and nominate the sayd Highe Collecto" of every of the said Subsidies, shall immediatly upon their Nominac&n and Election, take by Aucthoritie of this psent Pliament, sufficiente Recognizaunces or Obligacbns, w""out any Fee or Reward to be paied therefore, of ev'y pson so by them to be named to be Highe Collecto" to be bound to the Queenes Matic in the dubble some of his Colleccbn, and to be indorced and made upon such Condic&n, That is to say; For the Colleccon of the sayd first Subsidie, That yf the sayd Collecto' his Heires or Executo" doe trewly contente and pay to the use of the Queenes Ma"' her Heires or Successo" in the Receipte of the sayd Exchequo', at or before the sayd last day of February wch shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and one, so much of the sayd some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection, as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Resydue of his Colleccon and Charge w"‘in one Moneth next after suche tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the sayd Recognizances or Obligacons to be voyde, or else to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the sayd first payment of the sayd seconde Subsidie, upon condic&n that yf the said Collector his Heires or Executo" do trewly contente and pay to the use of the Queenes Ma"' her Heires or Successo", in her Receipte of the Exchequo' at or before the sayd last day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and two, so much of the sayd some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection, as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge, w"‘in one Moneth next after such tyme as he hathe gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizaunces or Obligacons to be voyd, or else to stand in full strength and vertue ; And for the Collection of the sayd second payment of the sayd second Subsidye, upon condicon that yf the sayd Collecto' his Heires or Executo" doe truely contente and pay to the use of the Queenes Ma"' her Heires or Successo" in her Receipte of Exchequo' at or before the last day of February, w,u shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and two, so much of the sayd some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection as he shall collect and gather, and contente and pay the Residue of his Collection


xvm.

Commissioner* shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums to levied.

XIX.

High Collector* shall enter into Recognizances to pay Sums received by them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commissioners;

1004

43° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1601

Penalty on Neglect in certifying, act'loj on Neglect of Recognizance,i£20.

High Collectors shall call on Constables, &c. to pay Money levied, allowing them a d. per Pound.

On Failure, Constables, &c. may be distrained.

XX. Collectors of the first Payment shall not be named Collectors of the Second, without producing their Quietus (or the First.

and Charge w^n one Moneth next after such tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the sayd Recognizaunces or Obligac&ns to be voyd or else to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the sayd first payment of the said third Subsidie, upon condic&n that yf the said Collecto1 his Heires or Execute's doe trewly contente and pay to the use of the Queenes Ma,ie her Heires or Successo" in her Receipt of Exchequo' at or before the said last day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and three, so much of the sayd some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collecc&n as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the residue of his Collecf&n and Charge w^in one moneth next after such tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, that then the sayd Recognizauncf or Obligac&ns to be voyd, or else to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the sayd second payment of the sayd third Subsidie, upon Condic&n that yf the sayd Collecto* his Heires or Execute" doe truly content and pay to the use of the Queenes Ma"* her Heires or Successors into the Receipt of her Exchequo* at or before the sayd last day of February, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand six hundreth and three, so much of the said some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge w,hin one moneth next after such tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, that then the sayd Recognizaunces or Obligations to be voyd, or else to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the sayd first payment of the said fourth Subsidie, upon condif&n that yf the sayd Collecto* his Heires or Execute" doe truly contente and pay to the use of the Queenes Ma0* her Heires or Successo" in her Receipt of Exchequo* at or before the last day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower, so much of the sayd some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collec£&n as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the residue of his Collection and Charge within one moneth next after such tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, that then the sayd Recognizauncf or Obligac&ns to be voyd, or else to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the sayd second payment of the sayd fourth Subsidie, upon condic&n that yf the sayd Collecto* his Heires or Execute's doe trewly content and pay to the use of the Queenes Ma"* her Heires or Successo" in her Receipte of Exchequo* at or before the sayd last day of February, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and sower, so much of the said some of Money allotted and appoynted to his Collection as he shall collect and gather, and contente and pay the residue of his Collection and Charge w^in one moneth next after such tyme as he hath collected and gathered the same Residue, that then the sayd Recognizauncf or Obligac&ns to be voyd, or else to stand in full strength and vertue: Which sayd sev*all Recognizauncf or Obligac&ns so taken, the sayd Comissioners shall sev’ally certifie and deliver into the Queenes Ma'f Exchequo*, with the sev’all Certificates of the said Taxacons and Rates of the payment of the sayd Subsidies, at and by the tyme to them prescribed and appoynted by this Acte for the Certificate of the sayd sePall Taxac&ns of the sayd Subsidies; upon paine of Forfeiture of Tenn Pounds to the Queenes Ma'* for ev’y such Recognizaunce or Obligac&n not so certified; And that ev’y such Collecto* so elected named and chosen, upon request to him made, shall knowledge and make the sayd Recognizaunce or Obligac&n, upon payne and Forfeiture of Twenty pounds to the Queenes Ma"* for the refusall thereof; And that the Threasurer and Barons of the Exchequo* for the tyme being, upon payment of the sayd sev’all Collections of the said Subsidies at the dayes and tymes herein lymitted for the payment thereof, shall cancell and delyver the Recognizauncf or Obligac&ns for the payment thereof to the Collecto* or Collecto", w,hout any other Warrant, and wll,out any Fee or Reward to be paid for the same to any pson: And ev’y Collecto* so deputed having the sayd Estreate in Vehement as is aforesaid, shall have Aucthoritie by this Acte, to appoynte dayes and Places w,hin the Circuit of his Collecc&n for the payment of the sayd Subsidies to him to be made, and thereof to geve warning by Proclaraac&n or otherwies, to all the Constables or other Psons or Inhabitantf havinge the Charge of the pticuler Collection w,hin the Hundreds Parishes Townes or other Places by him or them lymytted, to make payment for the sayd pticuler Collecc&n of ev’y some as to them shall appertayne; And yf at the same day and place so lymited and prefixed by the said High Collecto", the said Constable Officers or other Psons or Inhabitantf as is aforesaid, for the said pticuler Collection assigned and appoynted within such Hundred Cittie Towne or other Place, doe not pay unto the said Highe Collecto" the some w^in their sev’all Hundreds Townes Parishes and other Places, due and comprised in the said Estreate thereof to them delivered by the said Comissioners or some of them as is aforesayd, or so much thereof as they have by any means received, (Two pence for ev’y pound for the said pticuler Collection as is aforesayd alwaies thereof to be allowed excepted and abated,) That then yt shalbe lawfull to the said Highe Collecto" and ev’y of them and to their Assignes, to distreyne ev’y of the said Constables Officers and other Inhabitantf, for their sayd sepal 1 and pticuler Collecc&n of the sayd somes comprised in the sayd Estreate and Writing thereof to them and ev’y of them as is before expressed delivered, or for so much of the same s5me as so then shall happen to be gathered and levyed and behinde and unpaid, by the Goods and Cattells of every of them so beinge behinde ; And the Distresse so taken to be kept and appraysed and sould as is aforesayd, and thereof to take and levie the somes so then being behinde and unpaid j And the overplus coming of the sale of the said Distresse (yf any be) to be restored and delivered unto the Owner in forme above remembred.

Provided alwaies and be yt enacted by the authority aforesayd. That noe pson or psons shalbe nominated or appoynted to be a Highe Collecto* or Collecto" for the second payment of any Fifteen Tenth or Subsidies graunted by this Acte, w* before that tyme hath beene a Collecto* or Collecto" for the first payment of any pte of the same Fifteen Tenthes or Subsidies, unlesse such pson or psons so to be nominated and appoynted Highe Collecto* or Collecto" for the sayd second payment, do first shewe forth before him or them by whome he shalbe so nominated and appoynted, his Quietus est for the discharge of his Collection before appoynted to his Charge, upon paine of One Hundred Poundes to be payd and forfeited by him or them that so shall nominate and appoynt any such Collecto* contrary to this p>sent Acte.


A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 18.

1005

Provided alwayes, That noe p6on inhabiting in any Citty Boroughe or Tovme Corporat, shalbe compelled to be any XXI,

Assessor or Collecto', of or for any part of the sayd Subsidies, in any Place or Places out of the sayd Cittie Borough colUctoiV»h»ll or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth. * Inhabitant*.

And yt is also by the sayd Aucthoritie enacted, That yf any Inhabitantf or Officers, or whatsoever person or i,c,J£fi>ith,&c. persons charged to and for the Collection and Receipt of any part or porc&n of the said Subsidies by any man9 ot Collector, or of

of meanes according to this Acte, or any pson or psons, for themselves or as Keeper Gardian Deputy Factor or fonhmleU?r'llt

Attumey of or for any other psem or psons, of any Goods and Cattells of the Owner thereof, at the tyme of the

sayd Assessing to be payd, being out of this Realme or in any other parts not knowne, or of and for the not forthcoming,

Goodes and Cattells of any other pson or psons, of any Corporation Fraternity Mistery or other whatsoever Cdmynaltie, being Corporate or not Corporate, and all persons having in theire Rule Govemaunce and Custody, any of the Money due Goods or Cattellf at the tyme of the sayd Assessing, or any of them to be made, Or which for any Cause for

and by Collection, or for himself or for any other, or by reason that he hathe the Rule Go&nance or Custody of i»iue *g»imt the

any Goods or Cattellf of any other psone or psons, Corporac6n Cominalty Fratemyty Guilde or Mystery, or any P4rt,e, ,b e>

suche other like, or as Factor Deputy or Attorney of or for any pson, shalbe taxed rated valued and sett to any

some or somes by reason of this Acte, and after the taxac&n or assessinge upon any suche psone or psones as shalbe charged w"" the Receipte of the same, happen to dye, or departe from the Place where he was soe taxed and sett, or his Goods or Cattellf be soe eloyned or in such privy and covert mann! kepte, as the sayed psone or psones charged w" the same, by Estreates or other Wridngf from the sayed Comissionerf, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the said Comyssion as is aforesayd, can ne may leavy the same some or somes comprised w^n the same Estreates, by Distresse wlhin the Limittf of their Collection as is aforesaid, or cannot sell such Distresse or Distresses as be taken for any of the sayd paymentf, before the tyme lymitted to the Highe Collector for his payment to be made in the Queenes Mau" Receipt, Then upon relacOn thereof w,h due Examinac&n by the Oathe or Examination of suche psone or psones as shalbe chardged wu> and for the Receipte and Collection of the same, before the sayd Comissioners, or as many of them as by the sayd Comyssion shalbe thereunto appointed, where suche psone or psones or other as ys aforesaid their Goods and Cattells were sett and taxed, and upon playne Certificate therof made in the Queenes Ma'* Exchequo' by the same Comissioners, aswell of the Dwellinge Place Names and S5mes of the saied psones of whom the saied Somes cannot be levyed and had as is aforesaid, then aswell the Constables and other Inhabitauntf appointed for the same pdcular Collection, against the Highe Collecto", as the Highe Collecto' uppon his Accompte and Oathe in the said Exchequo', to be discharged thereof; and Proces to be made for the Queens Ma')1 out of the said Exchequo', by the discretion of the Barons of the said Exchequo', against suche psone, his Heires or Executo" soe beinge behinde w*" his paiment: And over that, the same Comyssioners, Commiuioner* may to whome any suche Declaration of the p>misses shalbe made in forme aforesayd, from tyme to tyme shall have full Power and Authority to directe their p>cept or p>ceptes unto the said psone or psons chardged w* any some by Di«re» on of for and upon any suche psone and psones or other as is aforesaid, or toe any Sheriffe Steward Bayliff or other whatsoev1 Offycer Minister Psone or Psons of suche place or placf where any suche Psone or Psons so owinge suche «ho may Some or Somes shall have Lands and Tennementf or other Hereditamentf or Reall Possessions Goods and Cattellf, out of tbtirRentt, whereby any such pson or psons soe indebtted, his Heires Executo" or Assignf or other having the Custody 4tc-GoPnance or Disposicion of any Goods Cattellf Lands or Tents or other Hereditamentf, w1" ought or may by this Acte lawfully be distreyned or taken for the same, hathe and shall have Goods Cattellf Lands Tenefiintf or other Possessions, whereof suche Some or Somes w* by any such psone or psons may or ought to be levied, be yt w^in the Limittf of suche Comission where suche psone or psons was or were taxed, or w^out, in any Place w,hin this Realme of England Wales or othe' the Queenes Ma,ia Domynions Marches or Territorys; By w* p>cept aswell suche psone or psons shalbe chardged to levy suche Money, as the Offycer of the Place or Placf where suche Distresse may be taken, shall have full Power and Authority to distreyne every suche psone indebtted chardged or chargeable by this Acte, or his Executo" or Administrato" of his Goods and Cattellf> his Gardians Facto" Deputys Leasses Farmers and Assignees, and all oth' psons by whose Hands or owt of whose

Lands any suche psone should have Fee Rent Aiiuity or other Proffytt, or w* at the time of the sayd

assessinge, shall have Goods or Cattells or any oth' thinge moveable of any suche psone or psons beinge indebtted or owinge suche some; And the Distresses soe taken, cause to be kepte appraised and sould, in like manner and forme as is aforesaid for the Dystress to be taken upon suche psonf to be taxed to the said Subsidies, and beinge sufficient to distreyne w^in the Lymittf of the Collecto" Inhabitauntf or other Offycerf chardged w"1 or for the said somes so uppon them to be taxed; And if any such Distress for non paiment happen to be taken owt of the Lymitt of the said psons chardged and assigned to leavy the same, psons soe chardged for the levying of any suche somes by Distress, shall pceive and take of the same Distress, for the Labour of every psone goinge for the execution therof, for every Myle that any suche psone so laboureth for the same, Two pence ; And every Farmar Tennant Gardyan Factor or other whatsoev5 psone, beinge distreined or otherwise chardged for payment of any suche some or sdmes, or any other s5me by reason of this Acte, shalbe of suche some or somes, of him or them soe levyed and taken, dischardged and acquited at his next day of Paiment of the same, or at the delivery of suche Goods and Cattellf as he that is so distreyned had in his Custody or GovWnce, against him or them that shalbe soe taxed

and sett ; Any Graunt or Wrytinge Obligatory or other whatsoev1 Matter to the contrary made heretofore

notw^standinge: And if any suche pson that should be so distreyned, have no Lands or Tennementf sufficyent, whereby he and his Ten*ntf and Farmars may be distreyned, or have aliened eloyned or hidde his Goods and Cattellf whereby he should or mighte be distreyned, in suche mann! that suche Goods and Cattellf should not be knowen


11 Z

1006

43° Eliz. c. 18.

A.D. 1601.

On Failure of any such Distress, Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment;

Like Process against Persons chargeable for others;

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer;

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or to be examined, or being guilty of any Misbehaviour, may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

and founde, so that the some of or by him to be payed in the saied forme, shall not ne can be convenyently levyed. Then uppon relac&n thereof to the Comissionerf or to as many of them as by the saied Comyssion shalbe thereunto appointed, where suche pson or psons was taxed and set, by the Oathes of him or them that shalbe chardged w01 the levying and paiment of that some or somes, The same Comyssioners shall make a jPcepte in suche manner as is aforesaid, for to attache take and arrest the Body of suche psone or psons that ought to pay the sayd somes, and by this Acte shalbe chardged w'h and for the sayed some and somes; And them so taken safely to keep in Prizon w,hin the Sheire or other Place where any suche pson or psons shall be taken and attached, there to remayne w^owt Bayle or Mayneprize, untill he hathe payed the sayed some or somes, that suche psone for himself or for any other by this Acte shalbe chargeable or ought to be charged w,hall, and also for the Fees of every suche Arrest to him or them that shall execute suche pcepte, Twenty pence; And that every Offycer unto whome suche {Pcepte shalbe directed, doe his true dilligens and execute the same upon every psonn so beinge indebtted, uppon payne to forfaite to the Queens Ma,J for every defaulte in that behaulf, Twenty Shillingf; And that no Keeper of any Gaole, from his Gaole suffer any suche psone to goe at large by lettinge to Bayle, or otherwise to depte owt of his Prizon, before he have payed his said Debtt and the said Twenty pence for the sayed Arrest, upon payne to forfayte to the Queens Ma'> Forty Shillingf, And the same Gaoler to pay to the Queens Ma1' the double value, as well of the Rate wcU the sayed pson so ymprizoned was taxed at, as of the sayed Twenty Pence for the Fees: And like Proces & Remedy in like forme shalbe graunted by the sayed Comissioners, or as many of them as by the sayed Comyssyon shalbe thereunto appointed, at like Informac&n of ev*y pson or psons beinge charged w,h any Some of Money for any other pson or psons by reason of the said Subsidys, and not thereof payed, but willfully wlhdrawen, nor the same leviable w"'in the Lymittf where suche psons were thereunto taxed : And if the some or somes, beinge behinde unpaied by any pson or psons as is aforesaid, be levyed and gathered by force of the sayd Proces to be made by the sayd Comyssioners, or yf in default or for lack of Payment thereof, the pson or psons soe owinge the saied Some or S5mes of Money, by Proces of the same Comission" to be made as is aforesaid, be comitted to Prizon in forme aforesaid, That then the sayed Comyssyonerf wch shall awarde suche Process, shall make Certificate thereof in the said Exchequo' of y* shalbe doon in the pWisss, in the Terme next followinge after suche some or somes of Mony soe being behinde shalbe levyed and gathered, or suche psone or psones for non paiment of the same comitted to Prizon : And if it happen any of the saied Collecto™ to be assigned, or any Mayo™ Sheriff Stewardf Constables the Headborough Bursholder Bayliff or any other Offycer or Minyster or other whatsoev* psone or psones, to disobey the sayed Comissionerf or any of them, in the reasonable Request to them made by the said Comissioners for the execucS of the said Comissyon, Or if any of the Offycers or other psons doe refuse that to them shall apptaine and belonge toe doe by reason of any p>cepte to him or them to be directed, or any reasonable Comaundement Instance or Request touching the pmisses, or other defaulte in any Apparans or Collection to make, or if any pson, beinge suspected not to be indifferently taxed as is aforesaid, doe refuse to be examined accordinge to the tenor of this Acte before the sayd Comyssioners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaid, or will not appeare before the same Comissioners uppon waminge to him made, or ells make Resistance or Rescous upon anye Distresse upon him to be taken for any pcell of the said Subsidys, or comytt any Mysbehavio' in any maner of wise contrary to this Acte, or comytt any willfull Omission or other whatsoev* willfull doinge or misdoinge, contrary to the tenor of this Acte or Graunt; the same Commissyoners and every nomber of them above remembred, or two of them at the leaste, upon probable knowledge of any such Misdeameano" had by Informacbn or Examinacbn, shall and may sett upon every suche Offender for every suche Offence, in the Name of a Fyne by the same Offender to be forfaited, Forty Shillingf or under, by discression of the same Comissionerf; And further, the same Comissyoners, and every nomber of them or two of them at the leaste, shall have authority by this p'sent Acte, to punishe every suche Offender by ymprisonment, there to remayne and to be defied by their discretion as shall seme to them convenyent; the saied Fines, (yf any suche be,) to be certifyed by the saied Comissyoners that soe assessed the same, into the Queens Ma'T said Exchequor, there to be levyed and paied by the Collecto™ of that pte for the said Subsidys retoumcd into the sayd Exchequo', to be thcrewtu charged w'k the payment of the sayd Subsidys, in such mann! as if the sayd Fynes had bene sett and taxed uppon the sayd Offendors for the sayed Subsidyes.

XXIII.

Allowance to High Collectors, 6i. in the Pound, for themselves, Under Collectors, and Commissioners.

And it is allso enacted by the sayd Authority of this pnt Parliament, That every of the sayd Highe Collecto" w* shall accompte for any pte of the sayd Subsidys in the sayd Exchequo', upon their severall Accomptf to be yealded, shalbe allowed at every of the sayd Paymentf of the saied Subsidyes, for every pound lymitted to his Collection wherof any suche Collecto' shalbe charged and yeeld Accompte, Six pence as pcell of their Charge; that is to say, of every pound thereof for suche psons as then have had the pticular Collection of the Townes and other Places as is aforesaid specified in his Collection, two pence; and other two pence of every pound therof, every of the sayd Cheif Collecto™ or their Accomptantf to retaine to their own use for their Labour and Chardge in and abowt the pmisses; and two pence of every pound residew, to be delivered allowed and payed by the said Collecto' soe beinge thereof allowed, to suche of the Comissioners as shall take uppon them the busines and labour for and abowt the pPmisses; that is to say. Every Collector to pay that Comyssioner or Comyssioners w1* had the orderinge of the Writings of and for every of the said Subsidys where the saied Collector or Collecto" had their Collection, for the expencf for the sayd Comyssionerf so takinge uppon them the said business, and labour of their Clarckf writinge the said p>ceptf and Extractf of the sayd Collectors; the same last Two pence of every pound, to be devided amongst the saied Comissioners, having Regarde to their labour and busines taken by them and their said Clarckf in and abowt the {Pmisses ; for wch pte so to the sayd Comissionerf apptaininge, the saied Comissioners, size five sower three or


Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 18.

1007

two or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Queens Ma"f Comyssion, and every of them, joynctly and severally for his and their said pte, may have his Remedy against the sayde Collector or Collecto" vt* thereof beene or might have bene allowed, by Acc&n of Debtt, in w01 the Defendant shall not wage his Lawe, neyther Ptection neither Injunctio or Essoyne shalbe allowed.

And that no pson now being of the nomber of the Company of this present Pliament, nor any Comissioner, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collecto' or Subcollecto' or fPsentour of the sayd Subsidies, or any pt thereof; nor any Comyssioners shalbe compelled to make any psentm' or Certificate, other then into the Queenes Ma'f sayd Exchequo', of for or concerning the said Subsidies or any pt or pcell thereof; and likewise that no other pson that shalbe named and assigned to be Comissione" in any Place to and for the Execuc&n of this Acte of Subsidies, be or shalbe assigned or named Head Collecto' of any of the Paymentf of the said Subsidies, neither of any pt thereof; And that ev*y such pson or psons wdl shalbe named and appoynted as is aforesaid to be Head Collecto™ of and for the Payment of the sayd first Subsidie, or of any pt thereof, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' for the payment of the second Subsidie, nor of any pt thereof; Atid he that shalbe named or appoynted as aforesayd to be Collecto' for the first Payment of the said second Subsidie, or of any part thereof, shall not be compelled to be the Collecto' for the Payment of the second paiinent of the said second Subsidie nor of any pt thereof; And he that shalbe named or appoynted as aforesayd to be Collecto' for the second payment of the said second Subsidie, or of any part thereof, shall not be compelled to be the Collecto' of the first payment of the sayd thirde Subsidie, nor of any pt thereof; And he that shalbe named or appointed as aforesaid to be Collecto' for the first payment of the said third Subsidie or of any part thereof, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' of the second payment of the sayd third Subsidie nor of any pt thereof; And that he that shalbe named or appoynted as aforesayd to be Collecto' for the second payment of the sayd third Subsidie, or of any part thereof, shall not be compelled to be the Collecto' of the first payment of the fourth Subsidie, nor of any pt thereof; And that he that shalbe named or appoynted as aforesaid to be Collecto' for the first payment of the said fourth Subsidie, or of any part thereof, shall not be compelled to be the Collecto' of the second payment of the fourth Subsidie, nor of any pt thereof. And the sayd Collecto" which shalbe assigned for the Collection of the sayd sower Subsidies, or of any pt thereof, and ev*y of them, be and shalbe acquited and discharged of all maS Fees Rewardf and of ev*y other Charges in the Queenes Ma'f Exchequo' or else where, of them or any of them, by reason of that Collection Payment or Accomptf or any thing concerning the same to be asked ; And that yf any pson receive or take any Fees Rewards or Pleasures of any such Accomptantf, or use any unnecessarie delay in their Accompte, that then he shall forfeit to the Queenes MaUe for ev’y peny or value of ev*y peny or peny worth so taken, Fyve shillingf, and Fyve pounds to the Ptie greeved for ePy such delay, and suffer ymprisonment at the Queenes Ma'f Pleasure.

And after ePy taxing and assessing of the sayd sev'all Subsidies as is aforesayd had or made, and the sayd Extractf thereof in Pchement, unto the Collecto' in mann! and forme before rehearsed deliPed, The sayd Comissioners which shall take upon them the execuc&n of this Acte w,hin the Lymittf of their Comission, by their Agreamentf shall have Meetingf together, at w* Meetings every of the sayd Comissioners which then shall have taken upon them the Execuc&n of any pte of the sayd Comission, shall by himself or his sufficient Deputy, truly certifie & bring fourth unto the said Commission" named in the said Commission, the Certificate and p>senun‘ made before him and such other Comission™ as were lymited wth him in one Lymite, so that the same Certificate may be accompted and cast with the other Certificates of the other Lymites w,hin the same Commission ; and then the sayd Commission" and every nomber of them unto two at the least as is aforesaid, if any be in Life, or their Executo™ or Administrate™ of their Goods (if they then be deade), shall joyntly and sePally as they weare devided w^in their lymittf, under their Seales by their discretion, make one or sevall Wrytingf indented, conteyning in it as well the Names of the said Collecto™, by the Commission" for such Collection and Accomptf in the Exchequor and payment in the same Receipt deputed and assigned, as the grosse and sev^all sommes written unto every such Collectors to receive the said Subsidies; And also all Fynes Amerciam'f and other Forfeitures, if any such by reason of this Acte happen to be w^in the pkincte and Lymitt of their Commission, to be certyfied into the Queenes Ma'f said Exchequor by the said Commission"; In wch Wry ting or Wrytingf indented so to be certified, shalbe playnely declared and expressed the whole and entyre some or somes of the said Subsidies sePally lymited to the Collection of the said Collecto™ sev’ally deputed and assigned to the Collecc&n of the said somes; So that none of the said Collecto" so certified in the said Exchequor, shalbe compelled there to accompt or to be charged, but only to and for the somes lymited to his Collecc&n, and not to or for any some lymited to the Collecc&n of his Fellowe, but every of them shalbe sev’ally charged for their part lymited to their Collecc&n : And if the sayd Commission" joyned in one Commission amongst themselfes in that Matter cannot agree, or if any of them be not ready, or refuse to make Certificate wu> other of the same Commission", That then the said Comission™ may make sev’all Indent" in forme aforesaid of their sev*all Lymittf or Sepac&ns of Collectors w,hin the Lymittf of their Comission, upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakf Lathes Rapes or such other like Divisions w,hin the said sePall Lymittf of their Commission, as the Places there shall require to be sev*ed and devided, and as to the same Comission™ shall seeme good, to make Divisions of their Lymittf or Collections for the sev'all Charges of the same Collectors; So that alway one Collector shalbe charged and accompt for his pt to him to be lymited only by himself, and not for any s5me lymited to the part of any of his Fellowes, and the charges of every of the Collectors to be sett and certified sev'ally upon them; And evy such Collector upon his Accompt and Paym* of the some of Money lymited wll,in his Collecc&n to be sev^ally by himself acquited and discharged in the said Exchequor wu"out paying any manner Fees or Rewardf to any pson or psons for the same, upon payne and penalty last abovesaid, and not to be charged for any portion of any

XXIV. Members of Parliament, Commissioners, lee. shall not be Collectors, he.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the exchequer.

XXV.

After Assessment, &c. Commissioners shall meet and certify their several Assessments, with the Names of Collectors,

Fines, ice.

Separate Certificates may be made, when* Commissioners do not all agree.

Collectors shall answer for their respective Districts.

1008

43° Eliz. c. 18.

Executors,

Heirs, tcc. of Commissioners or Collectors, &c.

Form of the First and subsequent Certificates, where all the Commissioners do not join.

XXVI. Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVII. Persons having Lands and Spiritual Promotions, and Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, See. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXVIII. Exemption for Lands, Personalty, and Offices, in Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

XXIX. Exemption for English Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

A.D. 1601.

other Collectour: And if any Comissioner after he hath taken Certificate of them that as is aforesaid shalbe before any such Comission" examined, and the somes rated and sett, and the Bookes and Wrytingf thereof being in his Hands, or if any Collector or other pson charged w'h any Receipt of any pt of the said Subsidyes or any other p6on taxed or otherwyes by this Acte charged w* or for any parcell of the said Subsydies or w* any other Sdme Fyne Amercyam* Penalty or other Forfeiture happen to dye before the Comission" Collectors or other whatsoe^ person or persons have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that w* to every such pson shall apptaine or belong to doe according to this Acte, then the Executo" and Heires of ePy such pson and all other seysed of any Lands and Tenem'f that any such pson being charged by this Acte and deceassing before he be discharged thereof, or any other to his use only had of Estate of Inheritaunce at the tyme that any such pson was named Commissioner Collector or otherwyes charged w1" or for any manner of thing to be done satisfied or paid by reason of this Acte, and all those that have in their Possessions or Hands any Goods Chattells Leases or other things that weare to any such person or psons at the tyme of his Death, or any Lands or Tenementf that weare the same psons at the tyme he was as is aforesaid charged by this Acte, shalbe by the same compelled and charged to doe and accomplishe in every Case as the same pSon so being charged should have done or might have beene compelled to doe yf he had beene in playne Lyfe, after such Rate of the Lands and Goods of the said ComissioS or Collector as the partie shall have in his hands: And yf the said Comyssion" for Cawses reasonable them moving shall thinke it not convenient to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaid, then the sayd pson or psons that shall first joyne together or he that shall first certifie the said Wryting indented (as is aforesaid) shall certefie all the Names of the Comissioners of that Commission, whereupon suche Wryting shalbe there then to be certified w,h Division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tythingf and other Places to and among such Commissioners of the same Commission, w,b the Names of the same Commission" wheare such Sepaf&ns and Devisions shalbe, wlh the grosse somes of Money as well of and for the said Subsidies taxed or sett of or wthin the said Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other Places to him or them devided or assigned that shall so certefie the said first Wryting as of the Fines Amerciam'f Penalties and other Forfeitures, yf any happen to be w^n the same lymittf whereof the same Writings shalbe certefied; And after such Wrytingf indented, w0* as is aforesayd shalbe certified, and not contayne in it the whole and full somes sett and taxed w^in the lymittf of the same Comission, the other Comission" of the same before the Day of Payin' of the said Subsidy shall certefie into the said Exchequo' by their Wryting or Wrytingf indented to be made as is aforesaid, the grosse and se$all somes sett and taxed w^in the Places to them lymited for every of the said Subsidies and other Fines Amerciam'f Penalties and Forfeitures w'" the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other Places to them assigned, or else by their said Wrytingf indented to certefie at the same Place before the same daie of Payin', such reasonable causes for their excuses whie they may not make such Certificate of and for the said Subsidies Fines Amerciamentf and other Forfeitures growing or sett by reason of the Causes of their lettf or of their not certefyinge as is aforesaid, or else in defaulte thereof Proces to be made out of the Quenes Ma'f said Exchequor against the said Comission" and of every of them not making Certificate as is aforesaid by the discreation of the Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequor.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitantf of the Parishe of S' Martin called Stamford Baron in the Suburbs of the Boroughe and Towne of Stamford in the South part of the Water there called Wellandf w"1 heareafter shalbe contributory to the Payin' of these psent Subsidies graunted to the Queenes Ma"* her Heires and Successors, shalbe assessed rated and taxed for the same by such Commission" wc‘ shalbe appoynted for the taxing rating and sessing of the same Subsidies w^in the County of Lyncolne, and shalbe for the same contributory and paie the said Subsidies to the Collector or Collectors w‘h shalbe assigned and appointed for the leavying and gathering of the same w’h the Aldermen and Burgesses of the sayd Boroughe and Towne of Stamford.

Provided allwayes and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons having Mannors Lands Tenem'f and other Hereditamentf chargeable to the payin' of the said Subsidies graunted to the Queenes Ma"* by this Acte, and also having Spirituall Possessions chargeable to her said Ma"* by the Graunt made by the Clergie of this Realme in their Convocac&n; and over this, having Substance in Goods and Chattells chargeable by this saide Acte, That then if any of the said person or persons be heareafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mannors Lands and Tenem'f and Spirituall Possessions, and also charged assessed and taxed for his and their Goods and Cattellf, That then he or they shalbe only charged by vertue of this Acte for his and their said Mannors Lands Tenementf Hereditam'f and Spirituall Possessions, or only for his said Goods and Chattells, the best thereof to be taken for the Queenes MatK, and not to be charged for bothe or double charged for any of them; Any thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wies notw^standing.

Provided allwayes, That this Graunt of Subsidies, or any thing therein conteyned, in any wise extend not to charge the Inhabitantf dwelling in Ireland Jernesey and Gernesey, or any of them, of for or con&iinge any Manno" Lands Tenem'f or other Possessions, Goods Cattells or other moveable Substance, wci the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers or any others to their use, have w"*in Ireland Jernesey and Gernesey, or in any of them, or of for or concerning any Fees or Wages w* any of the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers have of the Queenes Ma"*, for their Attendaunce and doing service to o' Sov’aigne Lady the Queenes Ma"*, in Ireland Jernesey and Gamesey, or in any of them; Anything in this psent Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also, That this psent Acte of Subsidies nor any thing therein conteyned, extende to any of the Englishe Inhabitantf or Resiantf in any of the Counties of Northumberland Cumb'land Westniland, the Towne of Barwick, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Bishoprick of Durham, or to any of them, of for or concerning any Manno" Lands Tenem'f or other Possessions Goods Cattellf or other moveable Substaunce, w* the same Englishe


A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 18.

1009

Inhabitantf or Dwellers, or any other to their use, have w,hin the said Countyes of Northumberland Cumberland West Aland, or the Towne of Barwick, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, or the Bishoprick of Durham, or any of them, or of for or concerning any Fees or Wages w* any of the Englishe Inhabitantf or Dwellers have of the Queenes Ma"' for their Attendaunce or doing service to the Quenes Ma,ie, for or w"'in the said Counties of Northumbland Cumberland West Aland, the Towne of Barwick, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, or the Bishoprick of Durham, or any of them, to or for the said taxing leavying gathering or paym*; but that the Englishe Inhabitantf and Resiantf and ev*y of them of the said Countyes, Bishopricke, and Townes, and every of them, shalbe of and from the said Subsidies, and ePy parcell thereof, only for their Manno" Lands Tenem'f Fees Wags Goods and Cattells, lying and beinge in the said Countyes Townes and Bishoprick, or any of them, utterly acquited and discharged ; Any Thing in this psent Acte before rehearesed to the contrary notw^standing.

PaovioED also, That all Letters Pattentf granted by the Queenes Ma"* or any of her most Noble Progenitors to any Cities Borowes or Townes wIhin this Realme, of any manS of Liberties Priviledges or Exemptions, from the burthen and charge of any such Grauntf of Subsidies, wcl* be at this psent tyme in force and vaileable, shall remayne good and effectuall to the said Cityes Boroughes and Townes heareafter, according to the purportf thereof; althoughe the Inhabitantf of the same and also the said Corporafbns shall, upon the greate and weightie considerac&ns of the Graunte abovesaid, be for this Graunt charged and contributory, in like manner forme and sorte as other Cityes Boroughes and Townes wch be not in any wise priviledged, but by this Acte charged.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by the aucthority aforesayd, That noe Orphant or Infant w,hin the Age of one and twenty yeares, borne w'hin any of the Quenes Ma*f Dominions, shall be charged to any paym' of these Subsidyes for his or hir Goods and Cattells to him or her least or bequeathed; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also. That this Acte nor any Thing therein conteyned, shall extende to the Goods or Lands of any Colledge Hall or Hostell w"*in the UniPsities of Oxford and Cambridge, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Wynton, founded by Bishopp Wickham, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Eaton next Wyndsor, or to the Lands Tenem'f or Revenewes only assigned or apoynted for the sustentacbn and lyving of the poore Knightf founded in the Castle or Colledge of Wyndsor by o' late SoPaigne Lord King Henry the Eight, or to any of the Goods or Cattells of the same Knightf, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of any common Free Grammer Schoole w"’in the Realme of England or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reader Scholemaister or Scholler or any Graduate or resiante or remayning for Study, w^out fraude or covin w,hin any of the said UniPsities and Colledges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxford or Suburbes of the same, or to any of them, or to any their servantf daylie attending upon any of them, nor to the Goods of any Officer Minister Aimes men or servantf belonging to any of the said UniPsities Colledges Halles or Hostells, and dwelling and resiant w,hin the sayde UniPsities or either of them, or w^n either of the said Townes of Cambridge and Oxford and the Suburbes of the same, w^out fraude or covyn, or to the Goods and Lands of any Hospitall Maisondieu or Spittle Howse, prepared and used for the sustentaeftn and Releif of poore People; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wies notwithstanding.

Provided also and be yt further enacted, That the said Graunt of Subsidies or any Thing therein conteyned, do not in any wies extende or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to any of the Inhabitantf or Resiantf having dwelt for the most pt of the yeare next before the taxing and assessing of these Subsidies as aforesaid within the Fyve Ports corporate, or to any their Members incorporated or united to the same Five Ports, or to any of the said Fyve Ports, but that such the Inhabitantf or Resiantf as aforesaid in the sayd Fyve Ports corporat, and their Members, be and shalbe, of and from the said Graunt and Payment of ePy of the sayd Subsidies and epy pt thereof, and only during such their Resiauncie as aforesaid and noe longer, dearely discharged and acquited; Any Matter or whatsoep Thing in this psent Acte had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also. That the said Graunt of Subsidies and Eight Fifteenes and Tenths, doe not in any wise extende or be prejudiciall or hurtfull to the Englishe Inhabitantf or Resiantes at this present tyme w'Nn the Liberties of Rumney Marshe, of or for any part of the said somes graunted in this Psent Parliament, of the said Englishe Inhabitantf now there resiantf, or any of them, to be taxed sett asked levied or paid, But that the sayd- Englishe Inhabitauntf and nowe Resiantf of Rumney Marshe aforesaide, and ePy of them, be and shalbe of and from the saide Graunt and Payment of the sayd Subsidies and Eight Fyfteenes and Tenths, during their resiancie theire and noe longer, acquitted and discharged; Any Matter and whatsoep thinge in this psent Acte made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided nePtheles and be yt enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That yf any Alien or Stranger borne. Denizen or not Denizen, and dwelling or inhabiting w^in this Realme of England, shall assigne or convey over unto any his or their Childe or Children borne w"*in this sayd Realme of England, any his or their Lands Tenementf Goods or Cattells, to the intent thereby to defraud the Queenes Ma*T of her sayd Subsidies of or for the same, That then all and epy such Childe or Children soe beinge seised of any such Lands and Tenementf, or possessed of any such Goods or Cattells, shalbe charged and chargeable to & wth the paiment of double the said Subsidies for the same Lands Tenementf Goods and Cattells, at the said Rates and Values as Aliens and Strangers, Denizens or not Denizens, are before lymyted and appoynted to pay.

XXX. Proviso for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies:

l*» f vi ]

XXXI. Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, &c.

XXXII.

Exemption for Coll ge* in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, &c.

XXXIII. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXIV. Exemption for the English Inhabitants of Romney Marsh.

XXXV. Children of Aliens, to whom Lands or Goods are assigned ia Evasion of this Act, shall pay Double Rates.


ia A

b>

1010

43° Eliz. c. 19.

A.D.\60\.

Motives for this Pardon

General Pardon of all Offencei, 4c. not expressly excepted, committed, &c. before 7 Aug. An. 43 Eliz.

II.

This Pardon as valid by general Words, as if all Offences 4c. were particularly specified.

III. Grant of all Forfeitures, on Offences pardoned.

Pardon may be pleaded without Fees; except i6d. to the Clerk.

IV.

This Pardon shall be construed roost beneficially for the Subject.

CHAPTER XIX. (')

An Acte for the Queenes Majesties moste gracious geSall and free Pardon.

THE Queenes Matl* most graciously considering the good Will and faithfull Hearts of her most loving and obedient Subjects w* as at all times so at this present specially they have with most duetifull Affection shewed towards her Highnes, and for the Defence of this Realme; And understanding that the same her loving Subjects have many and sondry waies by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme fallen into the danger of dyvers great Penalties and Forfeitures, Ys of her princely and mercifull disposition most graciously inclyned by her liberall and free Pardon to dischardge some part of those great Paines Forfeitures and Penaltyes wherewith her sayd Subjects stand nowe burthened and chardged, trusting they will be thereby the rather moved and induced from hensforth more carefully to observe her Highnes Lawes and Statutf, and to contynewe in their loyall and due Obedience to her Mall*: And therefore her MaH* is well pleased and contented that it be enacted by the authority of this present Parlyament, in maner and forme following. That ys to saie; That all and every the said Subjects, aswell Spirituall as Temporall, of this her Highnes Realme of England Wales the Isles of Jemesey and Garnesey and the Towne of Barwick, the Heires Successors Executors and Administrators of them and every of them, and all and singuler Bodies in any maner of wise corporated, Citties Boroughes Shires Ridingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Vilages Hamlettf and Tithingf, and every of them, and the Successor and Successors of every of them, shall be by the authority of this present Parliament acquited pardoned released and discharged against the Queenes Ma,i€ her Heires and Successors, and every of them, of all maner of Treasons Felonies Offences Contemptf Trespasses Entries Wrongs Deceytf Misdemeanors Forfeitures Penalties and Somes of Money paines of Death, paines corporall and pecuniary, and generally of all other Things Causes Quarrellf Suytf Judgementf and Execucbns, in this present Acte hereafter not excepted nor foreprised, which may be or can be by her Highnes in any wise or by any meanes pardoned, before and unto the seaventh Daie of August last past, to every or any of her said Subjects Bodyes corporated Cities Boroughes Shires Rydingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages and Tithingf, or any of them.

And allso the Queenes Highnes is contented that it be enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That her said free Pardon shall be as good and effectuall in the Lawe to every of her said Subjects, Bodies Corporate, and others before rehearsed, in for and against all things which be not hereafter in this present Acte excepted and foreprised, as the same Pardon should have bene, if all Offences Contemptf Forfeitures Causes Matters Suytf Quarrellf Judgmentf Execucbns Penalties and all other things, not hereafter in this present Act excepted and foreprised, had ben particularly singularly specially and plainely named rehearsed and specified, and also pardoned by proper and expresse Words and Names in their kindes natures and qualities, by Words and Termes thereunto requisite to have ben putt in and expressed in this present Acte of free Pardon; And that her said Subjects, nor any of them, nor the Heires Executors or Administrators of any of them, nor the said Bodies Corporate and other before named and rehearsed, nor any of them, be nor shall be sued vexed or inquieted in their Bodies Goods Chattellf Lands or Tenementf, for any maner of Matter Cause Contempt Misdemeano' Forfeiture Trespasse Offense or any other Thing, suffered donne or comytted, before the said seaventh daie of August, against her Highnes her Crowne Dignity Prerogative Lawes or Statutf, but onely for such Matters Causes and Offenses as be rehearsed menc&ned or in some wise touched in the Exceptions of this present Acte hereafter menc6ned to be foreprised and excepted, and for none other; Any Statute or Statutf Lawes Customes or Usages heretofore hadd made or used to the contrarie in anie wise notwithstandinge.

And the Queenes Highnes of her bounteous liberality, by the Authority of this present Parliament, graunteth and freely giveth to every of her Subjects, and to every of the said Bodies Corporate and other before rehearsed, and every of them, all Goods Chattellf Dettf Fines Issues Proffittf Amerciamentf Forfeitures and Somes of Money by any of them forfeited, which to her Highnes doe or should belong or appertayne, by reason of any Offence Contempt Trespasse Entrye Misdemeano' Matter Cause or Quarrell donne or comytted by them or any of them before the said seaventh daie of August, w* be not hereafter in this present Act foreprised and excepted : And be yt enacted nevertheles, That all Grauntf thereof, or of any part thereof, made by any such as have so forfeyted the same, and are hereby restored as aforesaid, and all Execucbns thereof or of any part thereof, had against any such after such Forfeiture thereof comytted or made shall be of such Force and Effect as if no such Forfeiture thereof had ben hadd or made, and of no other; The same Forfeiture or any thing before in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. And that all and every the Queenes said Subjects, and all and singular Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed, may by him or themselves, or by his or their Deputy or Deputies or by his or their Attorney or Attorneyes, according to the Lawes of this Realme, plead and minister this present Act of free Pardon, for his or their dischardge of and for any thing that is by vertue of this present Act pardoned discharged given or graunted, without any Fee or other thing in any wise paying to any person or persons for Writing or Entry of the Judgementf or other Cause concerning such Plea Writing or Entrie, but onely Sixetene pence to be paid to the Officer or Clark that shall enter such Plea Matter or Judgement for the parties discharged in that behalf; Any Lawe Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

And Furthermore the Queenes Highnes is contented and pleased that it be enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That her said free Pardon by the generall Words Clauses and Sentences before rehearsed, shall be reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken, in all maner of Courts of her Highnes and elsewhere, most beneficiall and availeable to all and singuler her said Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.


A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 19.

1011

and to every of them, in all things not in this present Acte excepted or foreprised, without any Ambiguity Question or other delaye whatsoever yt shalbe, to be made pleaded objected or alledged by the Queene our Soveraigne Lady her Heires or Successors, or by her or any of their generall Attorney or Attorneyes, or by any person or persons for her Highnes or any of her Heires or Successors.

V.

And furthermore yt is enacted by the Queene our Soveraigne Lady by the authority of this present Parliament, Penalty on Officers That if any Officer or Clerke of any of her Highnes Courts comonly called the Chancery Kings Bench and Comon Place, or of her Exchequo', or any other Officer or Clerke of any other of her Highnes Courts within this hereby pardoned, Realme, at anie time after the last daie of this present Session of Parliament, make out or write out any maner of

Wryttf Processe Summons or other Preceptf whereby any of the said Subjects or any of the said Bodies Corporated declared »oid. or others before rehearsed or any of them, shall be in any wyse arrested attached distrayned summoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or greyed in his or their Bodies Lands Tenementf Goods or Chattellf or in any of them, for or because of any maner of thing pardoned or discharged by vertue of this Act of free Pardon; Or if any Sheriffe or Escheator or any of their Deputy or Deputies or any Bailiffe or other Officer whatsoever by Collo' of his or their Office or otherwise, after the said last daie of this present Session of Parliament, doe levy receive take or withhold of or from any person or persons any thing pardoned or discharged by this Act, that then every such person so offending and thereof lawfully convicted or condemned by any sufficient Testimony Wyttnes or Proofe, shall yeeld and paie for Recompence therof to the party so greeved or offended thereby, his or their treble Dammiges besides all Costs of the Suite, and shall allso forfeite and loose to the Queenes Ma'" for every such default, Tenne pounds: And nevertheles all and singular such Wryttf Processe and Preceptf so to be made for or uppon any maner of thing pardoned or discharged by this present Acte of free Pardon, shall be utterly voide and of none effect.

Excepted and allwaies foreprised out of this generall and free Pardon, all and all maner of High Treasons and other Offences comitted or donne by any person or persons against the Queenes most Royall person, and all Conspiracies and Confederacies trayterously hadd comytted or donne by any person or persons against the Queenes Ma*f Royall person; and all and all manner of levieng of Warre, and all Rebellions and Insurrections whatsoever: And also excepted all and every maner of Treasons comytted or donne by any person or persons in the parts beyond the Seas or in any other Place out of the Queenes Domynions; And allso all Suytes Punishementf Executions Paynes of Death & Forfeitures and Penalties for or by reason or occasion of any the Treasons and Offences before rehearsed : And allso excepted out of this Pardon all Offenses of forginge and false counterfeiting the Queens Ma'f Great or Privie Seale, Signe Manual or Privie Signett, or of any the Moneyes currant within this Realme; And also all Offenses of unlawfull dyminishing of any the sayd Moneyes by anie waie or meanes whatsoev1 contrarie to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme ; And allso all Misprisions and Concealementf of Highe Treason; And also all abetting ayding comforting or procuring of the same Offences or anie of the said Treasons: And allso excepted out of this Pardon all maner of voluntary Murders Petit Treasons and willfull Poisoningf done or comytted by any person or persons, and all and every the Accessaries to the same Offences or any of them, before the saide Offences comytted: And also excepted and foreprised out of this generall Pardon, all and every Offences of Pyracie and Robbery done upon the Seas, and all and every comforting procuring or abetting of the same Offences hadd done or comytted: And allso excepted out of this Pardon all Burglaries, comytted or donne in any Dwelling Howse or Howses, and all Accessaries to any the said Burglaries before the same Burglary comytted : And also excepted all Robberies donne uppon or to any Mans or Womans person in the High waie or elswhere, and all and singuler Accessaries of or to any such Robberies before the said Robbery comytted: And allso excepted the felonious stealing of any Horse Gelding or Mare, and all Accessaries thereunto before the same Felony edmytted, and all Judginentf and Execucons of and for the same: And allso all wilfull Burningf of any dwelling Howse or Howses, or of any Barne or Barnes wherein any Corne was: And allso excepted all Rapes and carnall Ravishmentf of Women ; And allso all Ravishmentf and wilfull taking away or marrying of any Maid Widowe or Damosell against her will, or without the Assent or Agreement of her Parents or of such as then hadd her in Custody ; And allso all Offences of ayding comforting procuring or abbetting of any such Ravishment willfull taking or marrying hadd comytted or donne: And allso excepted all wilfull Escapes of any Tray tors: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all psons now attainted or outlawed of or for any Treason Petit Treason Murder Wilfull Poysoning Burglary or Robbery, and all Execucftns of and for the same: And allso excepted all Offenses of Invocacbns Conjurac&ns Witchcrafts Sorceries Inchantmentf and Charmes, and all Offences of procuring abbetting or comforting of the same, and all persons nowe attainted or convicted of any the said Offences : And allso excepted all and every maner of taking from the Queenes Ma,k of any Goods or Chattellf, or the Issues Rents Revenues or Proffittf of any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditam'f which were of any Traytor Murderer Felon Clarke or Clarkf attainted or Fugitives, or any of them; And allso excepted all Goods and Chattells in any wise forfeited to the Queenes Ma*1* by reason of any Treason Petty Treason Murder or Felony heretofore comytted or donne: And also excepted all Offences of or in making writing printing or publishing or in consenting to the making writing printing or publishing of any false sedicious or slanderous Booke or Bookes Libell or Libellf in any wise against the Queenes Ma* or the present Govemement of this Realme, in Causes either Ecdesiasticall or Temporall, or against any person or persons: And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all Intrusions and spoile of Woods had made or donne by any person or persons in or upon any of the Mannors Lands Tenementf or other Hereditamentf of o' Soveraigne Lady the Queene, and all Wastf donne edmytted or suffered uppon any such Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, and the wrongfull taking of any the Rents Issues and Proffitf of the same Manno" Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf of o' sayd Soveraigne Lady the Queene, and also all Suytf Accomptf and Impetic&ns of and for the same: And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all Alienacons of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf without Lycense, and all Fynes Yssues and Proffittf that maie or ought to growe or come to the Queenes Ma* by reason of any suche Alienac&n without Lycense: And also excepted out of this Pardon all Wastf comytted or donne in any

VI.

Exceptions from this Pardon : Certain Treasons;

Counterfeiting, kc. of Money;

Misprision of Treason; Murders s

Piracies

Burglaries;

Robberies;

Horse-stealing ; Arsons;

Rapes, ice.

Escapes; Attainders; Witchcrafts;

Taking Issues of Goods of Felons,

Ike.;

Forfeitures of Goods;

Seditious Libels,

&c.;

Intrusions, Wastes, »rc. in the Queen’s, Lands, tec.;

Alienations without Licence;


1012

43° Eliz. c. 19.

A.D. 1601

Wastes in Lands of the Queen's Wards,

«CC.{

Concealed Wards s

Ravishments of Wards;

Fines for Widows’ Marriages.

VII.

Livery of Lands shall be duly sued, and Fines thereon paid by all Persons, although no Office be found.

VIII. Further Exceptions: Prisoners in special Custody ; Fugitives for Treason, &c.}

Persons absent from the Realm without Licence;

Concealment of Customs, &c.

Collectors and Accountants to the Crown

Unlawful Inclosures, Sec.;

Offences of Moneyers, &c. of the Mints;

Breaches of Covenant to the Crown j Subsidies;

Debts to the Crown except on certain Recognizances;

Forfeitures adjudged, 8tc.;

Forfeitures of Lrases, &c.;

of the Queenes Wards Lands, or in the Wards Lands of any of the Queenes Cornyttees; And allso all and every Fine and Fines for the single or double Value of the Mariadge or Manages of all and every Ward or Wards at any tyme heretofore growen to the Queenes Ma"* or any her noble Progenitors: And allso excepted all concealed Wards and the Lands of such Wards concealed, and all Lyveries and Primer Seasons and Ouster le maines that ought to be hadd donne or sued for the same: And allso excepted out of this generall Pardon, all Ravishmentf and wrongfull taking or withholding of any of the Queenes Wards or Wards Lands, or the Rents and Proffittf of the same at any time commen or growen to the Queenes Hands ; and every Thing that by reason of any Warde or Wards Lands, or for default of suing or prosecuting of any Lyvery, ought to come or be to the Quenes Ma"*, and which as yet is not discharged: And allso excepted all Fines that should or ought to growe to the Queenes Ma"* of any of her Widdowes that have maried without Lycenses.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the Queenes Ma"* her Heires and Successors, shall have and enjoye the full and whole Interest Benefitt Proffitt and Advantage of all Wardshippes Lyveries Primer Seisons and Ouster le maines of Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf, and all Meanes Yssues Rates and Proffittf for not prosecuting or not suing of any Lyverye or Ouster le maine, as if this Act hadd never ben hadd or made ; And that all and every person or persons which have tendered or ought to sue his her or their, or any of their Liveries or Ouster le maines, of or for any Manno" Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf whatsoever they be, shall sue his her and their Lyverie and Lyveries and Ouster le maines out of or said Soveraigne Ladie the Queenes handes, and shall answere and paie their Fines Yssues and meane Proffittf for his or their Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf, in like maner and forme to every respect as they and every of them should or ought to have donne if this Acte hadd never ben had ne made, notwithstanding the not finding of any Office or Offices, or any other Matter whatsoever; Any Article Thing or Things in this present Act of generall Pardon comprised and specified to the contrary notwithstanding.

And allso excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon, all such persons as the last daie of this present Session of Parliament be in Prison w,hin the Tower of London, or in the Prison of the Marshallsey, or in the Prison of the Fleet, or otherwise restrayned of Liberty, by expresse Comaundement from the Quenes Ma"*, or by the Comaundement or direction of any her Ma'f Privy Councell: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all and every such person and persons wrt' at anie time sithens the beginning of the Queenes Ma'f Raigne, have fledd out of this Realme of England, or any other the Queenes Dominions, for any Offence of High Treason Pettit Treason or Misprision of Treason: And allso excepted al such persons as be gone or fledd out of this Realme for any Cause contrary to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme without the Quenes Ma"" Lysensc ; And also excepted, all such persons as have obtayned and hadd License to depart this Realme for a certaine time, and nowe doe abide out of the Realme without any lawfull excuse after the time of their Lycense expired : And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all and every Concealementf or wrongfull Deteynementf of any Custome or Subsidy due to the Queenes Majesty, and all Corrupfftns and Misdemeanors of any Officer or Minister of or concerning Custome or Subsidy, and all Accomptf Impeticons and Sutf to be hadd made or donne for the same: And allso excepted, all and singuler Accomptf of all and every Collector and Collectors of any Subsidy Fifteene Custome or other Thing, and all Accomptf of every other person whatsoever that ought to be accomptant to the Quenes Highnes or to her most noble Father King Henry the Eight, or to King Edward the Sixt, or Queene Mary, or to any of them, and the Heires Executors and Administrators of every such person that ought to accompt, for all Things touching only the same Accomptf, and all and singular Arrerages of Accomptf, and all untrue Accomptf, and all Impetitions Charges Forfeitures Sutes Demands and Execucbns which may or can be hadd of or for any Accompt or Accomptf, or any Arreragf of the same: And allso excepted all Inclosures and decayes of Howses of Husbandry, and the converting or keeping of any land from Tillage to Pasture, made donne comytted or permytted contrary to the forme and effect of any Statute or Statutf heretofore made: And also excepted and foreprised owt of this Pardon, all and all maner of Deceytf and Offences of all and singuler Moneyers and other Officers Mynters and Workemen of or in any the Queenes Ma'f Myntf within this Realme or any other her Domynions, and all Impetic&ns and Punishmentf for the same: And allso excepted, all Titles and Acf&ns of Quare Impedit, and all Homages Releife and Releiff Herriotf Rents Services Rent Charges Rent Seckf and the Arrerages of the same not donne or payd to the Queenes Highnes: And allso excepted, all Condi £6ns and Coven'ntf, and all Penalties Titles and Forfeitures of Condif&n or Condif&ns Coven’nt or Coven*ntf accrued or growen to the Queenes Ma'1* by reason of the breach and not performing of any Coven’nt or Condic&n whatsoever: And allso excepted, all sommes of Money graunted to the Queenes Ma'1* or anie her noble Progenitors, by way or meane of Subsidy Fiftene Tenth or otherwise, and all Concealementf Fraudes and Offences by which her Ma"* hath ben deceyved, or not truly answered of or for the same: And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all Dettf which were or be due to our Soveraigne Lady the Queene or to the most noble King of famous Memory Kinge Henry the Seaventh, King Henry the Eight King Edward the Sixt, or to the late Queene Mary, or to any person or persons for or to any of their Uses, by any Condempnacfin Recognisance Obligac&n or otherwise; other, then such Debts as are due uppon any Obligac&n or Recognisance forfeited before the said seaventh daie of August, for none apparance in any Court or other Place whatsoever, or for not keeping of the Peace or not being of good Behavio* which Debts growen or accrewed uppon theis Causes by this free Rardon be and shall be cleerely pardoned and discharged: And allso excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon, all and singuler Penalties Forfeitures and s5mes of Money, being due or accrewed to o' Soveraigne Lady the Queene, by reason of any Acte Statute or Statutf, which Forfeytures Penalties and somes of Money be converted into the Nature of Dett by any Judgment Order or Decree, or by the Agreement of the Offendor or Offendors: And also excepted all Forfeitures of all Leasses Estatf or Interests of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf holden of o' Soveraigne Lady the Queenes Ma'1* by Knightf Service, or in Socage in Capite, or otherwise by Knightf Service, made in one or severall Assurances or Leases for any terme or termes of yeeres, whereupon


A.D. 1601.

43° Eliz. c. 19

1013

Mi

f*

'ik

M

'■a

K

I*

k,

k?k

at

!*

iii

Bl

th

fa

ii

K

|4

S

I

a

n

k

5!


the ould and accustomed Rent or more is not reserved : And allso excepted all First Fruytf and Tenthes at this present being due to be paid to her Ma'k by force of any Acte or Statute or otherwise : And allso excepted all Penalties and Forfeytures whereof there is any good Verdicte in any Sute given or past for the Queues Mi'": And allso excepted all Forfeitures and other Penalties and Proffittf now dewe accrewed or growen, or w*" shall or maie be due accrewe or growe to the Queens Ma"*, by reasone of anie Offence Misdemeanor or Contempt, or other Act or Deed had suffred comytted or donne contrary to any Act Statute or Statutf, or contrary to the comon Lawes of this Realme, and whereof or for the which any Action Bill Plaint or Information at any tyme within eight yeres next before the last daie of this present Session of Parliament hath ben or shalbe exhibited commenced or sued in the Courts of Starre Chamber or Exchequo' Chamber, or in any the Queenes Ma'f Courts at Westminster, and nowe is, or the said last daie of this Session of Parliament shall be there depending or remayning to be prosecuted, or whereof the Queenes Highnes by her Bill signed heretofore hath made any Gift or Assignement to any person or persona: And alsoe excepted out of this generall and free Pardon all Offences Contemptf Disorders Coveyns Fraudes Deceytf and Misdemeanors whatsoever heretofore comytted or donne by any person or persons, and whereof or for the which any Sute by Bill Plaint or Information at any time within sower yeeres next before the last daie of this present Session of Parliament, is or shall be comenced or exhibited in the Court of Starre Chamber at Westminster, and shall be there the same last daie of this Session of Parliament depending, or whereupon any Sentence or Decree is given or entred: And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences of Perjuries and subornation of Wytnesses; and Offencf of forging and counterfeiting of any false Deedes Escriptf or Wriringf, and all procuring and counselling of any such counterfeiting or forging to be hadd or made: And also excepted out of this Pardon all and every Offence or Offences touching or concerning the carrying sending or conveying over the Seas or out of this Realme of any Goulde Silver Jewellf, or any Coyne of Gould or Silver, contrary to the Lawes or Statutf of this Realme, unlesse yt were by the Queenes Lycense: And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences of Incest Adultery Fornication & Symony; and all such Usurye for which any Interest hath beene received or taken since the beginning of August last; and all Misdemeanors and Disturbances comytted or made in any Church or Chappell in the time of Comon Praier Preaching or Divine Service there used to the Disturbance thereof, and all Owtlawries and Prosecuc&ns uppon the same: And allso excepted all Offences whereby any person may be charged with the penalty and danger of Premunire, and of the which Offence or Offences any person standeth allready indycted or otherwise lawfully condemned or convicted: And also excepted all Dilapidations for which any sute is, or before the end of this Session of Parliament shall be depending: And allso excepted all Offencf whatsoever in shipping or willingly assenting or causing to be shipped to be transported into any the parts beyonde the Seas out of the obedience of her Majestie, any Gunnes Ordinance Shott or Gunne mettall contrary to the Lawes or Statutf of this Realme, without Lycense of her Ma"' in that behalfe first hadd and obtayned : And allso all such as covenously, or by Consent or for the Relief of such as have offended in or against any popular or penall Statute, have for the same Offence or Offences exhibited any Action Bill Plaint Information or Suite against any such Offender or Offenders: And allso excepted all Offences in taking away ymbezelling or purloyning any the Quenes Ma'f Goods Money Chattellf Jewellf Armo' Munition Ordinance or other Habilimentf of Warre: And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all manner of Extortions whatsoever, and allso excepted all Covens Fraudes Deceytf and other Disorders and Misdemeanors whatsoever heretofore comytted or donne by any Steward of her Ma’"" Manners or Courtes or Undershiriffe or by any Officer or Minister in any of her Highnes Courts, in or by reason or collo' of any of their Offices or Places, or any their Deputies or Clarkf; and all Offences of ayding comforting assisting or procuring of any Undersheriffe, or any such Officer Minister or Clarke, in contryving doing or executing any such Extordons Exaction Covyn Fraude Deceyte Disorder or Misdemeano': And also excepted, all Offences Contemptf Disorders and Misdemeanours comytted or done by any person or persons contrary to the Lawes of the Forestf, within the Circuyte or Precincte of her Majesties Forrestf of Wyndsor and Waltham or of either of them, and all Penalties for the same: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Yssues Fines and Amerciamentf being totted levied or receyved by any Sheriffe Undersheriffe Bailiffe Mynister or other Officer to or for the Queenes Ma'f use or behoof before the last daie of this present Session of Parliament; and all Yssues Fines and Amerciamentf afferred taxed sett estreated or entred severally or particularly touching or concerning any one person or mo persons joyntly or severally above the some of sixe pounds ; And allso excepted, all Yssues Fines and Amerciamentf retomed afferred taxed sett or entred severally or particularly in any Court Record at Westminster, at any time sithence the Feast of the Holy Trinity last past: And yet neverthelesse all other Fines, aswell Fines Pro licencia concordandi, as others sett taxed estreated or entred before the said Feast of the Holy Trynity, and allso all Yssues and Amerciamentf, as well reall as others, within any Liberties or without, being sett taxed estreated or entred before the said Feast of the Holy Trynity, and which severally or particularly extend to or under the sdme of Sixe Pounds, and not above, whither they be estreated or not estreated, or whither they be turned into Dett, or not turned into Dett, and not being totted levied or receyved by any Sheriffe Under Sheriffe Minister or other Officer to or for the Queenes Ma'f use or behoof, before the last day of this present Session of Parliament, shall be freely clerely and plainely pardoned and discharged against the Queenes Ma’1*, her Heires and Successours for ever, by force of this present Acte of Free Pardon. And yet nevertheles all Estreatf of such Fines Yssues and Amerciamentf as be nowe pdoned by this Acte, and wch be already estreated foorth of the Court of Exchequo', and be remayning in the Hand of the Sheriffe Under Sheriffe or Bayliffe for collecting of the same Fines Yssues and Amerciamentf, shall uppon the retorne of the same Estreatf, be orderly charged and delyvered by Scrowes into the Office of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequo', as heretofore hath ben accustomed ; to the intent that thereupon order may be taken that her MaUc may be truely answered of all such Fines Yssues and Amerciamentf not by this Act pardoned, and which any Sheriffe Under Sheriffe Bailiffe or other Officer or Minister hath receyved or ought to answere by Force or Colo1 of any such Estreate Processe or Precept to him or them made for the levying thereof; And yet that notwithstandinge, all and every Sheriffe 8t Sheriffes and other Accomptant uppon his or their petition

First Fruit* and Tenth*; Penalties recovered by Verdict; or proceeded for, or granted by, the Crown j

Contempts, Icc. depending in the Star-Chamber j

Peijuriet;

Forgeries of Deeds, Ice.; Exportation of Gold or Silver;

Incest, &c.; Usury { Disturbing Divine Service; Premunire;

Dilapidations f Exporting Ordnance;

Covenous Actions for Penalties;

Embezzling Storesj

Extortions, &c. by Stewards of the Crown Manors, Under Sheriffs, let.

Offencesin Windsor or WalthamForests.

Issues, Fines, See. affered, Icc. above £6, &c.

All other Fines pardoned;

Proviso for duly estreating all Fines, Issues, fcc. whether pardoned or not.


1014

43° Eliz. c. 19.

A.D. 1601.

Forfeiture* on OutUwriei granted by the Crown.

Offence* against St. 17 Eliz. c. l. by Jeiuit*, See.

Offence* against St. ij Eliz. c. i. until Submitaion and Conformity of Offender*.

Persons attainted of Rebellion;

Forgeries of Inquisition*, Certificate*. Bill* •igned by the Queen, See.

New Erection* of Buildings.

IX.

Proviso for Outlawries in Civil Actions.

X.

Defendant* outlawed on Cap. ad sat. shall satiify their Plaintiff*.

XI. Exception of Person* in Execution: Purveyor* acting illegally.

XII. Further Exceptions: Corruptly di*-charging Soldiers ( Ecclesiastical Offence* [

Heresy, 4cc.

or petitions to be made for the Allowance of any such Fines Issues and Amerciamentf as by this Acte is pardoned, shall have all and every such his and their Petition allowed in his and their Accompt and Accompts, without paying any Fee or Reward to any Officer Clarck or other Minister for the making entring or allowing of any such Petition or Petic&ns; Any Usage or Custome to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all Goods Chattellf Dettf Actions and Suytf already forfeyted, or whereof any Right or Title is accrewed or growen to the Queenes Ma'1*, by reason of any Outlary, and whereof the Quenes Ma"* by her Highnes Letters Patentf hath before the last daie of this present Session of Parliament, made any Graunt Coven*nt or Promise to any person or persons: And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all such persons which have comytted or done any Offence or Offences contrary to the teno' or effect of the Statute made in the seaven and twenteeth yeere of her Ma'f Raigne, intituled An Acte against Jesuytf Seminary Priests and other such disobedient persons, or of anie part thereof; And all Owtlaries Proceedingf Judgementf and Execuc&ns uppon the same Offences or any of them: And allso excepted, all persons which have comytted or donne any Offence contrary to the Statute made in the three and twenteeth yeere of her Ma*f Raigne, entituled An Act to retayne the Queenes Ma'f Subjects in their due Obedience, or any part thereof, And all Outlaries Proceedingf and Judgementf and Execuctins uppon the same Offences or any of them, for such and so longe time as they shall contynewe disobedient or wilfully obstinate in any the same Offences: And yet nevertheles whensoever the same persons or any of them shall willingly submytt themselves in their due Obedience to her MaUc, and will come to the Church to heare Divine Service, and willingly refuse the said wilfull Obstinacy, and conforme themselves in the said causes of Religion and Doctrine, and contynewe in such their Conformity and due Obedience to her Mall*, according as by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme they ought to doe. That then and from thenceforth all and every such person and persons so submytdng and yeelding themselves in their due Obedience towards her Ma"* and so contynewing in the same, shall forthwith be receyved and enabled by force of this Act to have and enjoye the full Benefitt of this generall Pardon, as largely and fully in all Respects as any other of her Ma'f good Subjects have or ought to enjoye by vertue of this Act of generall Pardon : And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all such persons as be and remaine still attainted or condemned, and not allready pardoned of and for any Rebellion or levying of Warre, or of or for any Conspiracy of any Rebellion or levying of Wane, within this Realme or in any other the Queenes Domynions : And also excepted all false forging and counterfeiting of any Commission or Commissions to inquire of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, and allso all false forging and counterfeiting of any untrue Certificate or Retornc of any Comission or Comission* obteyned or gotten forth of any Court or Courts to enquire of any Lands Tenementf or other Things whatsoever; and all and all maner falsifying of any pardculer or of any Bill or Bills signed by her Ma"* after the engrossing thereof, and before the passing of the same unto the Great Seale: And allso excepte out of this Pardon, all Offences comytted or done by any person or persons in newe buylding dividing of tenementf taking of Inmates newe Inclosures and other nusances in any place within the Citty of London and Suburbes of the same, or w^in three miles of the said Citty, contrary to the Lawe or any her Ma'f Proclamacuns in that behalf made.

Provided allwaies and be yt enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfiill to all and every Clark and other Officers of the Queenes Courts, to award and make Writtf of Capias utlagaT, at the Sute of the Party Plaintife, against such psons outlawed as be pardoned by this Act, to the intent to compell the Defendant and Defendants to make answere to the Plaintife or Plaintifes at whose Suyte he or they were outlawed ; and that every p6on so outlawed shall sue a Writt of Scire facias, against the party or parties at whose Sute he or they were so outlawed, before this Pardon in that behalfe shall be allowed to him or them that is so outlawed.

Provided allso and be yt enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, That this Act of generall Pardon shall not in any wise extend to any person outlawed uppon any writt of Capias ad sadsfaciend, untill such tyme as the person so outlawed shall sadsfie or otherwyse agree with y* party at whose suyte the same person was so oudawed or condempned.

Provided likewise and be it enacted, That nether this Act of generall Pardon, nor any thing therein contayned, shall in any wise extend to any person that is or shall be putt to Execuf&n at any dme before tenne daies after the end of this Session of Parliam1; Or to pardon or discharge any Offence or Misdemeano' comytted or donne by any Purveyo' or other Taker whatsoever, in taking or purveying of any Provision whatsoever for the Queenes Ma'f Household or otherwise to the Queenes Highnes behoof, or by pretence or collo' thereof, contrary unto or against any the Lawes or Statutf in that behalf made or ordeyned.

Provided allso and be yt enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nether this Act nor any thing therein contayned, shall extend to pardon or dischardge any Offence edmytted or done by any Commissioner Capten or other person whatsoever in the corrupt taking or having of any Money or other Gifte or Reward for the changing releasing or discharging of any Souldio' prest or appointed to serve her Ma"* in the Defence of the Realme or otherwise; or any Offence comytted or done by any against the Ecciiasticall State or Governement established in this Realme, or any Heresie or Schisme in Religion whatsoever.

6nb of tfje Statutes of £luetn <£li3abet&.


( 1015 )

STATUTES OF KING JAMES THE FIRST.

Anno 1° [& 2°] JACOBI, I. A.D. 1603-4. & 1604.

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun and holden at Westminster, on the Nineteenth Day of March, In the FIRST Year, and there continued Until and upon the Seventh Day of July next following,

In the SECOND Year of the Reign of K. JAMES, I.

€x motulo #arliamenrt &e anno regnt iJaeobt meats anglte &eotte francit

9 ^tbcrntc, l&rtmo.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoaf & tent apud Westffi, Decimo nono die Marcii Anno Regni Serenissimi atq Excellentissimi DKi nri Jacobi Dei gra Anglie Scocie Francie & Hibnie Regis, Fidei Defensoris, &c. videit Anglie Francie & Hibnie Primo, & Scocie Tricesimo septimo, atq ibidem continuato usq ad & in sepdmu diem Julii tunc px sequen, et progato usq ad & in septimu diem Februarij px sequen, Coi olm Dnop tam Spualiu q*m Temporaliu & Coitatis consensu, & Regie Majestatis tunc p’sentis assensu, in? alia Saqcit Inactitat Ordinal & Stabilita fuerunt sequen hec Statuta, ad v*bum ut sequit'. VIDEL’T. (' )

PuBLIQUE AcTES.

i. A moste joyfull and juste Recognition of the imediate law full and undoubted Succession Descent and Righte of the Crowne.

a. An Acte authorizinge certaine Comissioners of the Realme of England to treate withe Comissioners of

Scotland for the Weale of bothe Kingdomes.

3. An Acte againste the Diminution of the Possessions of Archbishoprickes and Bishoprickes, and for avoydinge

of Dilapidations of the same.

4. An Acte for the due execution of the Statutes againste Jesuits Seminarie Preistes Recusants &c.

3. An Acte to pvent the oPcharge of the People by Stewards of Courte Leetes and Courte Barons.

б. An Acte made for the explanation of the Statute made in the Fifte yeere of the late Queene Elizabethes

Reigne concerninge Labourers.

7. An Acte for the Continuance and Explanation of the Statute made in the 39 yeere of the Raigne of our

late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for punishmente of Rogues Vagabondes and Sturdie Beggers.

8. An Acte to take awaye the Benefite of Clergie from some kinde of Manslaughter.

9. An Acte to restraine the inordinate hauntinge and tiplinge in Innes Alehouses and other Victuallinge Houses.

10. An Acte for the better execution of Justice.

11. An Acte to restrayne all psons from Marriage untill theire former Wyves and former Husbande.s

be deade.

12. An Acte against Conjuration Witchcrafte and dealinge with evill and wicked Spirits.

13. An Acte for new Executions to be sued againste any which shall hereafter be delivered out of Execution

by Priviledge of Parliament, and for discharge of them out of whose custodie such psons shall be delivered.

1 This Statute has in some Printed Copies been entitled as of the First, and in others of the Second, Year of this King’s Reign. The Second Year of the King’s Reign began Five Days after the Parliament commenced: The Public Acts in the List at the Head of the Inrollment have always been printed in the Statutes as Chapters I. to XXXIII. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the several Acts on the Roll, but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter. None of the Private Acts (except No. I, for the Confirmation of the Queen’s Jointure, numbered 34 in the Margin of the Inrollment) are entered on the Inrollment.



Original from PENN STATE

1An Acte for recoverie of Small Debtes and releevinge of poore Debtors in London, i j. An Acte for the better Reliefe of the Creditors againste suche as shall become Bankruptf.

16. An Acte conceminge Wherrymen and Watermen.

17. An Acte for the better execution of former Lawes touchinge the makinge of Hats and Felts, and for the

more restrainte of unskilfull and deceiveable Workmanshippe therein used to the wronge of all sortes

of the People of this Realme.

18. An Acte for avoydinge of deceiptiull sellinge buyinge or spendinge corrupte and unwholesome Hoppes.

19. An Acte for the well garblinge of Spices.

20. An Acte for redresse of certaine Abuses and Deceiptf used in Paintinge. ai. An Acte againste Brokers.

22. An Acte conceminge Tanners Curriers Shoomakers and other Artificers occupyinge the cuttinge of Leather.

23. An Acte for the better Nervation of Fishinge in the Counties of Soifisett Devon and Cornewall, and for

the Reliefe of Balkers Conders and Fishermen againste malicious Suites.

24. An Acte againste the deceiptfull and false makinge of Mildemix and Powle-Davies whereof Saile Clothes

for the Navie and other Shippinge are made.

25. An Acte for continuynge and revivinge of divers Statutes, and for repealing of some others.

26. An Acte for the continuance and due observation of certaine Orders for the Exchequer, firste set downe and

established by vertue of a Privie Seale from the late Queene Elizabeth.

27. An Acte for the better execution of the intent and meaninge of former Statutes made againste shootinge

in Gunnes, and for the pservation of the Game of Phesantes and Partridges, and againste the destroyinge of Hares with Harepipes and tracinge Hares in the Snowe.

28. An Acte for Confirmation of the Kinges Majesties Charter and Letters Patentes graunted to the Mayor

Bayliffes and Burgesses of the Burroughe of Berwicke upon Twede and theire Successors, and of the Franchises Liberties Priviledges Jurisdictions and Customes of the saide Burroughe.

29. An Acte to encourage the Seamen of England to take Fishe wherebie they may encrease to furnishe the

Navie of England.

30. An Acte for the erectinge and buildinge of a Churche in Melcombe Regis to be the Parishe Churche of

Radipoll, and for makinge the oulde Churche of Radipoll a Chappell belonginge to the nm>.

31. An Acte for the charitable Reliefe and orderinge of peons infected with the Plague.

32. An Acte for repaire of Dover Haven.

33. An Acte of a Subsedie of Tonnage and Poundage.

Private Actes.

i. An Acte of Confirmation of the Jointure of the moste highe and mightie Princesse Anne Queene of England Scotland France and Ireland.

a. An Acte for an Assignement of certaine somes of Money for defrayinge of the Charges of the Kinges

most honorable Houshold.

3. An Acte for Restitution of Henrie Earle of Southhampton.

4. An Acte for the restitution of the Sonne and two Daughters of Robert late Earle of Essex.

5. An Acte for the restitution of Thomas onelie Sonne of Philippe late Earle of Arrundell.

б. An Acte for the restitution in Blood of William Howarde youngest Sonne of Thomas late Duke of

Norfolke, and of the Children of the Ladie Margaret Sackvile Daughter of the said Duke.

7. An Acte for the restitution of William Paget onelie Sonne of Thomas late Lorde Paget.

8. An Acte for the restitution of Thomas Lucas Gent in Blood.

9. An Acte to secure Simpsons Debte and save harmeles the Warden of the Flete in Sir Thomas Sherleyes

Case.

10. An Acte to secure the Debte of Simpson and others, and save harmeles the Warden of the Flete in

Sir Thomas Sherleyes Case.

11. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Lodovicke Duke of Lennox, Henrie Lorde of Obigney his Brother, and

theire Children.

ia. An Acte for the naturalizinge of the Righte Honourable Margaret Countesse of Nottingham.

13. An Acte for the naturalizinge of John Earle of Marre his Wife and Children.

14. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir George Howme Knighte Lorde Treasourer of Scotland, his Wife and

Children.

15. An Acte for Confirmation of certaine Letters Patentes made to Sir George Howme Knight Lorde Treasourer

of Scotland.

16. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir Edwarde Bruce Knighte Lorde of Kinlosse his Wife and Children,

and for Confirmation of Letters Patentes made to hym.


A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 1.

1017

17. M Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir Thomas Areskyn Knight and Alexander Areskin his Sonne, and all

other the Children of the said Sir Thomas, home in the Kingdome of Scotland, or wheresoev* within the Kinges Majesties I>nions.

18. An Acte for Confirmation of Letters Patentes made to the Righte Honourable Charles Earle of Notingham

Lorde Admirall of England, Thomas Earle of Suffolke Lorde Chamberlaine of the Kinges Houshold, Sir John Leveson and Sir John Trevor Knightes, for the use and benefit of the Ladie Francis Dowager of Kildare and now Wife of Henrie late Lorde Cobham attainted.

19. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Dame Marie Aston, Wife to Sir Roger Aston Knighte, and theire Children.

20. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir John Ramsey Knighte.

2t. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir James Haye Knighte.

22. An Acte for the naturalizinge of John Gordon Deane of Sap, his Wife and Children.

23. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir John Kennedey Knighte.

24. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir John Drumonde Knighte.

25. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Adam Newton Esquire.

26. An Acte for restitution in Blood of Thomas Littleton eldest Sonne of John Littleton late of Franckley

in the Countie of Worcester Esquire deceased, John Littleton seconde Sonne of the said John

Littleton deceased, and Edwarde Littleton thirde Sonne of the saide John Littleton deceased, Bridget Littleton eldest Daughter of the saide John Littleton deceased, Anne Littleton seconde Daughter of the saide John Littleton deceased, and Jane Littleton thirde Daughter of the saide John Littleton deceased.

27. An Acte for the naturalizinge of William Browne Anne Browne and Barbara Browne, Children of Sir

William Browne Knight, Lieutenant Governor of his Majesties cautionarye Towne of Vlishinge.

28. An Acte for the enablinge of Thomas Throckmorton Esquire, to make Sale of certaine Landes for

payment of his Debtes.

29. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Thomas Glover, Margaret Mordant, Francis Collymore, Alexander Daniell.

Nicholas Gilpine, and Marie Copcote.

30. An Acte for the Sale of certaine Landes of Sir Thomas Rowse Knighte, for the paymente of his Debtes.

31. An Acte for the quiet establishinge and setlinge of the Landes and Possessions late of Sir George Rodney

Knight deceased.

32. An Acte for the assuringe of certaine Landes and Tenementf to the Deane and Cannons of Windsor,

and of assuringe a Lease of the Prebend of Bedwin in the Countie of Wilts to Edward Earle of Hertforde.

33. An Acte for Henrie Jernegen the yonger for the sale of the Mannour of Dages in Raveningham, and

Heringflete alias St. Olaves, in the Counties of Norffolke and Suffolke, for the payment of his Debtes.

34. An Acte for the Jointure of the Wife of Marten Calthrope Gens.

35. An Acte for the Reliefe of Thomas Lovell Esquire.

36. An Acte for explanation of a former Acte made in the 43 yeere of the Reigne of the late Queene

Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for the enablinge of Edwarde Nevile of Birlinge in the Countie of Rente and Sir Henrie Nevile Knight, his Sonne and Heire Apparante, to dispose of certaine Coppyholde Landes parcell of the Mannour of Rotherfield in the Countie of Sussex, and of the Mannours of Allesley and Filongley in the Countie of Warwicke.

37. An Acte to enable John Tebols Gens to make his Wife a Jointure of certaine of his Landes, and to sell

some parte for p>ferment of his yonger Children.

38. And Acte for the naturalizinge of Katherine Vincent Elizabeth Vincent Suzanne Vincent Hester Vincent and

Marie Vincent.

39. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Victor Chauntrell, Peter Martin, Mentia Van Urzell Wife of George

Aldriche Esquire, Sabina Aldriche, Edwarde and Peregrine Aldrich her Children.

CHAPTER I.

A moste joyfull and juste Recognition of the imediate lawfull and undoubted Succession Descent and Righte

of the Crowne.

Result of the Union of the House* of Y ork and Lancaster, in the Descent of K. James, and the Union of England and Scotland;


GREATE and manifolde were the benefits (moste dread and moste gracious Soveraigne) wherewith Almightie God blessed this Kingdome and Nation by the happie Union and Conjunction of the two Noble Houses of Yorke and Lancaster, therebie p'servinge this Noble Realme, formerlie torne and almost wasted with longe and miserable Dissention and bloudie Civill Warre, but more inestimable and unspeakable Blessingf are therebie powred upon Us, because there is derived and growen from and out of that Unyon of those two Princelie Families a more famous and greater Union (or rather a re-unitinge) of two mightie famous and ancient Kingdomes (yet ancientlic but one) of England and


1018

1° Jac. 1. c. 1, 2.

A.D. 160M.

The King's Title, proclaimed, See. on Decease of Q. Elizabeth ; most fit to be recognized in Parliament;

Causes which have bound all Subjects to the Love and Obedience of the King, &c.

Recognition by Parliament, that immediately upon Queen Elizabeth’s Death, the Crown

of England descended to King James, by lawful Birthright and Descent.

Scotland under one Imperiall Crowne, in your moste Royall Pson, whoe is lineallie rightfullie and lawfullie descended of the bodie of the moste excellent Ladie Margaret, eldest daughter of the most renowned King Henrie the Seaventh and the Highe and Noble Princesse Queene Elizabeth his Wife, eldest daughter of Kinge Edwarde the Fourthe; the saide Ladie Margaret being eldest Sister of Kinge Henrie the Eight, Father of the Highe and Mightie Princesse of famous Memorie, Elizabeth late Queene of England: In Consideration whereof, albeit Wee your Majesties loyall and faithfull Subjects, of all Estates and Degrees, with all possible and publike Joye and Acclamation, by open Proclamations within fewe Howers after the Decease of our late SoPaigne Queene, acknowledginge therebie with one full voice of Tongue and Hearte, that your Majestie was our onelie lawfull and rightfull liege Lorde and Sov’aigne, by our unspeakable and generall Rejoysinge and Applause at your Majesties moste happie Inauguration and Coronation, by the affectionate desire of infinite numbers of Us, of all Degrees, to see your Royall Pson, and by all possible outwarde meanes have endevoured to make Demonstration of our inwarde Love Zeale and Devotion to your moste excellent Majestie, our undoubted rightfull liege Sov'aigne Lorde and Kinge ; yet as Wee cannot doe it too often or enough, so can there be no meanes or waye so fitt, both to sacrifice our unfeined and heartie Thankes to Almightie God, for blessinge us with a Sov’aigne adorned with the rarest Giftes of Mynde and Bodie, in such admirable Peace and Quietnesse, and upon the Knees of our Hartes to agnize our moste constant Faithe, Obedience and Loyaltie to your Majestie, and your Royall Progenie, as in this Highe Courte of Parliament, where all the whole Bodie of the Realme, and everie pticular Member thereof, either in pson or by Rep>sentation (upon their owne free Elections) are by the Lawes of this Realme deemed to be psonallie p'sente. To the Acknowledgment whereof to your Majestie, wee are the more deepelie bounden and obliged, aswell in regarde of the extraordinarie Care and Paines which with so greate Wisdome Knowledge Experience and Dexteritie your Majestie (sithens the Imperiall Crowne of this Realme descended to you) have taken for the Continuance and Establishment of the blessed Peace, bothe of the Churche of England in the true and sincere Religion, and of the Comonwealthe, by due and speedie Administration of Justice, as in respecte of the gracious Care and inwarde Affection which it pleased you on the firste day of this Parliament soe livelie to expresse by your owne wordes, soe full of highe Wisedome Learninge and Vertue, and so repleate with royall and thankeful Acceptation of all our faithful and constant Endevours, which is and ever will bee to our inestimable Consolation and Comforte. Wee therefore your moste humble and loyall Subject? the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled, doe, from the bottome of our Heartes, yeeld to the Divine Majesty all humble Thankes and Praises, not onelie for the saide unspeakable and inestimable Benefites and Blessinges above mencioned, but also that he hathe further enriched your Highnesse withe a moste Royall Progenie, of moste rare and excellent Giftes and Forwardenes, and in his goodnesse is likelie to encrease the happie number of them ; And in moste humble and lowlie manner doe beseeche youre moste excellent Majestie that (as a Memoriall to all Posterities, amongste the Recordes of your Highe Courte of Parliamente for ever to endure, of our Loyaltie Obedience and heartie and humble Affection) it may be published and declared in this Highe Courte of Parliament, and enacted by authoritic of the same, That Wee (beinge bounden thereunto bothe by the Lawes of God and Man) doe recognize and acknowledge (and therebie expresse our unspeakable Joyes) That imediatlie upon the Dissolution and Decease of Elizabeth late Queene of England, the Imperiall Crowne of the Realme of England, and of all the Kingdomcs Unions and Right? belonging to the same, did by inherent Birthright and lawfull and undoubted Succession, descend and come to your incste excellent Majestie, as beinge lineallie justly and lawfullie next and sole Heire of the Blood Royall of this Realme, as is aforesaid, and that by the goodnesse of God Almightie, and lawfull Right of Descent, under one Imperiall Crowne, your Majestie is of the Realmes and Kingdomes of England Scotland France and Ireland the moste potent and mightie Kinge, and by Gods goodnesse more able to protect and goveme Us your lovinge Subjects in all Peace and Plentie then any of your Noble Progenitors ; And thereunto Wee most humblie and faithfullie doe submit and oblige our selves, our heires and posterities for ever, untill the last dropp of our Bloodes be spente, and doe beseeche your Majestie to accepte the same as the firste fruites in this Highe Courte of Parliament of our Loyaltie and Faithe to your Majestie, and your Royall Progenie and Posteritie for ever: Which if your Majestie shall be pleased (as an Argument of your gracious Acceptation) to adorne with your Majesties Royall Assent, without which it can neither be complete and pfecte, nor remaine to all Posteritie accordingc to our most humble desire, (as a Memoriall of your princelie and tender Affection towardes Us,) Wee shall adde this also to the reste of your Majesties unspeakable and inestimable Benefites.

CHAPTER II.

An Acte authorizinge certaine Commissioners of the Realme of England to treate withe Comissioners of Scotland,

for the Weale of bothe Kingdomes.

Upon the Suggestion of the King, in hil Speech to Parliament, certain Peers and Members of Parliament appointed to be Commissioners, to treat and confer with Commissioners from the Parliament

WHEREAS his moste Excellent Majestie hathe bene pleased, oute of his greate Wisedome and Judgmente, not onelie to represent unto us by his owne prudent and princelie speeche on the firste day of this Parliament, howe muche he desired (in regarde of his inwarde and gracious Affection to bothe the famous and ancient Realmes of England and Scotland, now united in Allegeance and loyal Subjection in his Royall Pson to his Majestie and his Posteritie for ever) that by a speedie mature and sound deliberation such a further Union mighte followe, as should make pfecte that mutuall Love and Uniformitie of Manners and Customes whiche Almightie God in his Providence for the strength and saftie of bothe Realmes, hath alreadie so far begunne in apparent sighte of all the Worlde, but alsoe hathe vouchsafed to expresse many wayes howe farre it is and ever shalbe from his royall and sincere Care and Affection


.*£.1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. % 3.

1019

it

S


Hk


lag,

ii


«fc

it

ak

m

it

b

fat

r*

fk

i

K

ii Ik x a

E

to the Subject? of England to alter [and1 ] innovate the fundamentall and ancient Lawes Priviledgf and good Customes of this Kingdorne, wherebie not onelie his Regall Authoritie but the Peoples Securitie of Landes Living? and Priviledges (both in generall and particular) are p'served and maintained, and by the abolishinge or alteration of the which it is impossible but that p'sent confusion will fall upon the whole state and frame of this Kingdorne: Forasmuche as his Majesties humble faithfull and lovinge Subject? have not onelie conceaved the Weight of his Majesties Reasons, but apprehend to their unspeakeable Joye and Comforte his plaine cleere and gracious intention to seeke no other Changes or Alterafftn, but of suche particular temporarie or indifferent manner of Statutes and Customes as may both p>vent and extinguishe all and everie future questions or unhappie Accidents, by which the pfect and constant love and friendshippe and quietnesse betweene the Subject? of bothe the Realmes aforesaide, may be compleated and confirmed, and alsoe performe and accomplishe that reall and effectuall Union alreadie inherent in his Majesties Royal Blood and Person, and now desired by his Majestie to be pformed and brought to an end for the weale of both Kingdomes, by this course followinge: Be it therefore enacted by the Kinges most excellent Majestic, by and with the Assent and Consent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comons in this presente Parliament assembled, and by Authoritie of the same, That Thomas Lorde Ellesmere Lord Chauncellor of England, Thomas Earle of Dorset Lorde Treasourer of England, Charles Earle of Nottingham Lord High Admirall of England, Henrie Earle of Southampton, William Earle of Pembrooke, Henry Earle of Northampton, Richarde Bishoppe of London, Tobye Bishoppe of Duresme, Anthonye Bishoppe of S Davids, Robert Lorde Cecill Principall Secretarie to his Majestie, Edwarde Lord Zouche Lorde President of Wales, William Lorde Mounteagle, Raphe Lorde Eure, Edmunde Lord Shcffeild Lord President of the Councell in the Northe, Lordes of the Higher House of this p'sente Parliament, and Thomas Lorde Clinton, Robert Lorde Buckhurste, Sir Francis Hasting? Knight, Sir John Stanhope Knight, Vicechamberlaine to the King? Majestie, Sir John Herberte Knighte Second Secretarie to his Majestie, Sir George Carewe Knighte, Vicechamberlaine to the Queenes Majestic, Sir Thomas Strickland Knighte, Sir Edward Stafforde Knight, Sir Henrie Nevill of Berkeshire Knight, Sir Richarde Bulkeley Knight, Sir Henrie Billingsley Knight, Sir Daniel Dunne Knight, Deane of the Arches, Sir Edwarde Hobbie Knight, Sir John Savile Knight, Sir Robert Wrothe Knight, Sir Thomas Challoner Knight, Sir Robert Maunsell Knight, Sir Thomas Ridgway Knighte, Sir Thomas Holcrofte Knight, Sir Thomas Hesketh Knight, his Majesties Attorney of the Courte of Wardes and Liveries, Sir Francis Bacon Knight, Sir Laurence Tanfeild Knight, Sergeant at Lawe, Sir Henrie Hubberd Knight, Sergeant at Lawe, Sir John Bennet Knight, Doctor of the Lawes, Sir Henrie Withrington, Sir Raphe Gray, and Sir Thomas Lake Knight?, Robert [Askewith,1] Thomas James, and Henrie Chapman, Merchantes Knight? Citizens and Burgesses of the Howse of the Cdmons of this Parliament (Comissioners selected and nominated by authoritie of this psent Parliament) or any Eight or more of the saide Lordes of the saide Higher Howse, and any twentie or more of the said Knights Citizens and Burgesses of the saide Howse of the Comons, shall by force of this Acte from and after the end of this p*sent Session of Parliament, have full Power Libertie Comission and Authoritie at any tyme or tymes before the nexte Session of this Parliament, to assemble and meete, and thereupon to treate and consulte with certaine selected Comissioners to be nominated and authorised by authoritie of Parliament of the Realme of Scotland, accordinge to the tenor or purporte of their Authorite or Comission in that behalfe, of and conceminge suche an Union of the said Realmes of England and Scotland, and of and conceminge suche other Matters Causes and Thing? whatsoever, as upon mature Deliberation and Consideration, the greatest parte of the saide lordes of the saide Higher Howse which so shall be assembled as is aforesaide, and the greatest parte of the said Knight? Citizens and Burgesses of the saide Howse of the Comons, which also shalbe soe assembled as is aforesaide, and the Comissioners to be nominated and authorised as is aforesaide by the Parliament of the Realme of Scotland, accordinge to the tenor or purporte of their Authoritie or Comission in that behalfe, shall in their wisedomes thinke and deeme convenient and necessarie for the honour of his Majestie and the weale and comon good of bothe the saide Realmes duringe his Majesties life (which Almightie God long p'serve) and under all his Royall Progenie and Posteritie for ever; which Comissioners of bothe the saide Realmes shall accordinge to the tenor or purporte of theire saide Authorities or Comissions in that behalfe, reduce theire doing? and proceeding? therein into Writing? or Instrument? tripartite, everie parte to be subscribed and sealed by them ; to the end that one parte thereof may in all humblenes be psented to his most excellent Majestie, the seconde parte thereof to be offered to the Consideration of the nexte Session of this Parliament for the Realme of England, and the thirde to be offered to the Consideration of the nexte Parliament for the Realme of Scotland, that thereupon such further Proceeding? may be had as by bothe the saide Parliament? shall be thought fitt and necessarie for the weale and coinon good of bothe the saide Realmes.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte againste the Diminution of the Possessions of Archbishoprickes and Bishoprickes, and for avoydingc of

Dilapidations of the same.

WHEREAS all the Archbishoprickes and Bishoprickes within this Realme of Englande were in ancient tymes founded by his Majesties moste noble Progenitours, Kinges of this Realme, and in respecte thereof his Majestie is lawfull and rightfull Patrone of all and everie of the same, and where also by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme no Archbishop or Bishoppe can make any Conveiance Assurance or Estate whatsoever of any Honors Castles Mannors Landes Tenement? or Hereditament?, parcell of the possessions of his Archbishoprickc or Bishopricke,

'or O. * Askewth O.

of Scotland, respecting an Union of the Two Realms, and to make Reports thereon, to be presented to the King and to the Parliaments of both Kingdoms.

Bithopricks, dec. founded by the Crown:

1020

1° Jac. I. c.3, 4.

A.D. 160S-4.

By Law no Bishop can make any Lease of his Land to a Subject for more than at Years,kc.

For maintaining the Revenues of Bishopricks, in future.

Bishops declared disabled from alienating any Possessions of their Sees to the Crown.

Every such Alienation declared void.

or united apperteyning or belonginge to any of the same, to any Subjecte whatsoev1, wherebie any Estate should or mighte passe from any Archbishoppe or Bishop, other then for term of one and twentie yeres or three lives, with such reservations of Rent, and in such manner and forme as by the Lawes and Statutes are provided; His moste excellent Majestie understanding that divers Persons have with greate suite and importunitie sought to frustrate the true end and intente of the saide good Lawes and Statutes in that Behalf, of his Christian and Princelie Pietie and Care, mindinge soe to patronize and protecte the saide Possessions from Alienation or Diminution, as that the same may accordinge to the true intent of the Founders remaine and continue in succession to the Archbishops and Bishops of this Realme and theire Successours, for the better Maintenance of Gods true Religion, keepinge of Hospitalitie, and avoidinge of Dilapidations, and therebie for ever hereafter to avoide all Suites and Importunities for or conceminge any of the saide Possessions, hathe oute of his owne meere and godlie motion, and of his blessed disposition for the publicke good, without all regarde of any private respecte vouchsafed, and is pleased that it maye be enacted and established by his Majestie, by and with the Assent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled, and be it enacted and established by authoritie of the same, That every Archbishoppe and Bishoppe within this Realme, and theire and everie of theire Successours, shall be from and after the end of this psente Session of Parliament, for ever wholie and utterlie disabled in Lawe to make doe levie or suffer any Acte or Acts Thinge or Thing f, wherebie or by meanes whereof any of the said Honours Castles Mannours Landes Tenement^ or Hereditamentf, or any parte of them, or any of them, shall or maye be aliened assured given graunted demised charged or in any sorte conveyed to our saide SoPaigne Lorde the Kinge, his Heires or Successors; and that all Alienations Assurances Giftes Grauntf Leases Charges and Conveiaunces whatsoever, from and after the end of this psente Session of Parliament, to be done suffered or made to our (1) Sov*aigne Lorde the Kinge, his Heires or Successours, by any Archbishop or Bishop, or theire or any of theire Successours, of or out of any of the saide Possessions, or of or out of any parte or parcell of them or any of them, and all and everie Confirmation and Confirmations of the same, shall be from and after the end of this psent Session of Parliament utterlie voide and of none Effecte to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes; Any former Lawe Statute Acte Ordinaunce or other Matter or Thinge to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

All Statutes made temp. Eliz. against Jesuits, Recusants, Sec. confirmed.

II.

Proviso for Recusants conforming.

Proviso for Heirs, not being Recusants, or afterwards conforming.

III.

Proviso for Heirs under Sixteen Years of Age.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for the due Execution of the Statutes againste Jesuits Seminarie Preistes Recusants &c.

FOR the better and (1) due execution of the Statutes heretofore made, aswell againste Jesuites Seminarie Preistes and other suche like Preistes, as also againste all maner of Recusants ; Be it ordained and enacted by authoritie of this psent Parliament, That all and everie the Statutes heretofore made in the Reigne of the late Queene of famous memorie Elizabeth, aswell againste Jesuites Seaminarie Preistes, and other Preistes Deacons Religious and Eccliasticall Persons whatsoever, made ordeined or pfessed, or to be made ordeined or pfessed by any Authoritie or Jurisdiction derived chalenged or ptended from the Sea of Rome, as those which do in any wise conceme the withdrawing of the Kinges Subjects from theire due Obedience and the Religion nowe professed, and the takinge of the Othe of Obedience unto the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successours, together with all those made in the said late Queenes tyme against any Manner of Recusantf shall be put in due and exacte Execution.

Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That if any that is or shalbe a Recusant shall submit or reforme him or herselfe and become obedient to the Lawes and Ordinances of the Church of England, and repaire to the Church, and continue there duringe the tyme of the Divine Service and Sermons accordinge to the true meaninge of the Statutes in that behalfe in the saide late Queenes tyme made and pvided, that then everie such pson for and duringe suche tyme as he or shee shall soe continue in suche conformitie and obedience, shall from thenceforth be freede and discharged of and from any the penalties and losses which the same pson might otherwise susteine and beare in respecte or by reason of such peons Recusancie: And if any Recusant shall hereafter dye, his heire beinge no Recusant, that in everie such case every suche Heire shalbe freed and discharged of all and singuler the Penalties Charges and Incumbrances happeninge upon him or her in respecte or by reason of his or her Ancestors Recusancie : And if at the decease of any such Recusant, his heire shall happen to be a Recusant, and after shall become conformable and obedient to the Lawes-and Ordinaunces of the Church of England, and repaire to the Church, and continue there duringe the tyme of the Divine Service and Sermons, accordinge to the intent and true meaninge of the saide Statutes and Ordinances in that behalfe made as is aforesaide, and alsoe shall take the Othe of Supremacie in suche sorte as that Oathe is expressed in one Acte of Parliament made in the firste yeare of the Raigne of our late SoPaigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth, before the Archbishop or Bishoppe of the Diocesse, that in everie such case everie such Heire shall be freed and discharged of all and singuler the Penalties Charges and Incumbrances happeninge upon him or her in respecte or by reason of any of his or her Auncestors Recusancie.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by authoritie of this p'sente Parliament, That if the Heire of any Recusant shall happen to be within the age of sixteene yeeres at the tyme of the Decease of his or her Ancestor, and shall after his or her saide age of sixtene yeeres become or be a Recusant, that in everie suche case any such Heire shall

1 said O. • more 0.


A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 4.

1021

S

V

*1


•Pi

«fc

r»f

b,

«*

a

a

X

ii

|(

f*

not be freed or discharged of all or any of the Penalties Charges and Incumbrances happeninge upon him or her, in respecte or by reason of any of his or her Ancestors Recusancie, untill hee or shee shall submit or reforme him or herselfe, and become obedient to the Lawes and Ordinances of the Church of England, and repaire to the Churche, and contynue there duringe the tyme of the Divine Service and Sermons, according to the intent and true meaninge of the saide Statutes and Ordinances in that behalfe, as is aforesaide, and shall take the said Oathe of Supremacie in manner and forme afore expressed; and yet nevWlesse from and after suche Submission and Oathe had and taken, everie suche Heire shall be freed and discharged of all and singuler the Penalties Charges and Incumbrances happeninge upon hym or her in respecte or by reason of any of his or her Auncestors Recusancye.

And be it further enacted by authoritie of this psent Parliament, That where any Seasure shalbe had of the two parts of any Landes Tenementf Hereditamentf Leases or Farmes, for the not payment of the twentie poundes due and payable for each Moneth, accordinge to the Statute in that case latelie made and provided, That in everie suche case everie suche two parts shall, accordinge to the extent thereof, goe towards the Satisfaction and Payment of the twentie poundes due and payable for each Moneth, and unpaide by any suche Recusant; And that the thirde parte thereof shall not be extended or seized by the Kings Majestie, his Heires or Successors, for not payment of the saide twentie poundes payable for each Moneth forfeited or loste by any suche Recusant: And where any suche Seisure shalbe had of the two partes of the Landes Tenementf Hereditamentf Leases or Farmes of any suche Recusant as is aforesaide, and suche Recusant shall die, (the Debte or Duetie by reason of his Recusancie, not paide satisfied or discharged) that in everie suche case the same two partes shall contynue in his Majesties possession untill the residue or remainder of the saide Debte or Duetie be therebie or otherwise paide satisfied or discharged And that his Majestie his Heires or Successors shall not seise or extend any thirde parte descendinge to any suche Heires, or any parte thereof, either by reason of the Recusancie of his or her Auncestor, or of the Recusancie of any such Heire.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That all and everie pson and psons under the Kings Obedience, which at any tyme (after the ende of this Session of Parliament) shall passe or goe, or shall send or cause to be sente any Childe, or other pson under theire or any of theire Government, into any the parts beyonde the Seas out of the Kings Obedience, to the intent to enter into or to be resident in any Colledge Seminarie or House of Jesuits Preistes or any other Popishe Order Pfession or Callinge whatsoever, or repaire in or to any the same, to be instructed pswaded or strengthened in the Popishe Religion, or in any sorte to pfesse the same, everie suche pson so sendinge, or causinge to be sent, any Childe or other pson beyonde the Seas to any suche purpose or intent, shall for everie such Offence forfeite to his Majestie his Heires and Successors the sdme of One hundred poundes ■, And everie such pson so passinge or beinge sent beyonde the Seas to any suche iutente or purpose as is aforesaide, shall by authoritie of this psent Acte, as in respecte of hym or her selfe onelie, and not to or in respecte of any of his Heires or Posteritie, be disabled and made incapable to inherite purchase take have or enjoye any Mannors Landes Tenementf Annuyties Pfites Comodities Hereditamentf Goodes Chattellf Debts Dueties Legacies or Somes of Money within this Realme of England or any other his Majesties Domynions; and that all and singuler Estates Termes and other Interests whatsoever hereafter to be made suffered or done to or for the use or behoofe of any suche pson or psons, or upon any truste or confidence mediatelie or imediatlie to or for the benefitt or releife of any suche pson or psons, shalbe utterlie void and of none effecte, to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any pson borne within this Realme, or any the Kings Majesties Dominions, be at this psent in any Colledge Semynarie House or Place in any partes beyonde the Seas, (to the end to be instructed or strengthened in the Popishe Religion) which shall not make returne into this Realme, or some of his Majesties Domynions, within one yeere nexte comynge after the end of this Session of Parliament, and submit hymselfe as is aforesaide, shalbe in respect of hymselfe onlie, and not to or in respecte of any of his Heirs or Posteritie, utterlie disabled and uncapable to inherite have or enjoye any Manors Landes Tenementf Hereditamentf Goods Chattels Debts or other Things aforesaide, within this Realme or any other his Majesties Dominions: Provided always, That if any suche pson or childe soe passinge sente sendinge or now beinge beyond the Seas as aforesaide, to such intent as is before mentioned, shall after become conformable and obedient unto the Lawes and Ordinances of the Church of England, and shall repaire to the Churche, and there remaine and be as is aforesaide, and continue in suche Conformity accordinge to the true intent and meaninge of the saide Statutes and Ordinaunces ; that in everie suche case everie such person and childe, for and duringe suche tyme as he or shee shall soe continue in such Conformide and Obedience, shall be freed and discharged of all and everie suche Disabilitie and Incapacide as is before medoned.

nr.

Application of Two-thirda of a Rccu-ant'i Lands to satisfy I'enaltiei, and One-third for his own Support < SecigEli% c.6. $4.

V.

Penalty on sending

Children, be. to foreign Colleges, £100.

Persons sent incapacitated from inheriting any Lands, be.

VI.

Persons in foreign Colleges, be. not returning, incapacitated, be.

Proviao for their conforming.

tt

9

ri

r

And be it further enacted by the authoiide of this psent Parliament, That no Woman, nor any Childe under the Age of one and twentie yeeres, (excepte Saylers or Ship Boyes, or the Apprentice or Factor of some Marchant in Trade of Marchandize) shall be pmitted to passe over the Seas (except the same shall be by lycense of the Kinge his Heires or Successors, or of some sixe or more of the Kings Privie Counsell thereunto firste had under their Handes) upon paine that the Officers of the Porte that shall willinglie or negligentlie suffer anye suche so to passe, or shall not enter the names of suche Passengers licenced, shall forfeite his Office and all his Goods and Chattels; and upon payne that the Owner of any Ship or Vessell that shall wittinglie or willinglie carie any such over the Seas without lycense as is aforesaide, shall forfeit his Shippe or Vessell, and all the Tackle; and every Master or Marriner of or in any Shippe or Vessel offendinge as aforesaide, shall forfeite all theire Goods, and suffer Imprisonment by the space of twelve moneths, without Baile or Mainprise.

VII. Women and Children thall not pan over Sea without Licence, be.

Penaltiei.

Vol IV.

12 D


1022

1° Jac. I. c.4—6

A.D. 1603-4.

VIII.

Penalty on keeping School, & c. without Licence, 40s. per Diy.

Profits of the Lords of Court Leets, &c. received by Stewards under Grants thereof;

Stewards shall not take such Profits under any future Grant.

Recital of Stat.

5 Elia. c.4. § 11. empowering Justices to rate Wages of Servants, &c.

And be it further enacted by the authorise aforesaide. That no person after the Feast of S* Michaell Tharchangell next, shall keepe any Schoole or be a Schoole Master out of any the Univ*sities or Colledges of this Realme, excepte it be in some publike or free Grammer Schoole, or in some such Noblemans or Noblewomans or Gentleman or Gentlwomans House as are not Recusants, or where the same Schoole Master shall be speciallie licensed thereunto by the Archbishop Bishop or Guardian of the Spiritualties of that Diocesse, upon paine that aswell the Schoole Master as also the Partie that shall retaine or maintaine any such Schoole Master contrarie to the true intent and meaninge of this Acte, shall forfeite each of them for every day so wittinglie offendinge sortie shillingf; The one halfe of all the Penalties and Sumes of Monye before mentioned to be forfeited, to be to the Kinge, his Heires and Successors, the other to him or them that shall or will sue for the same in any the Courts of Recorde in Westminster, by Action of Debte Bill Plainte or Information, in which no Essoigne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte to pVent the ov’charge of the People by Stewards of Courte Leetes and Courte Barons.

WHEREAS the Kings moste excellent Majestie the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall, and other his Highnes Subjects of this Realme of England and Wales, have in divers places of the same, many Franchises Jurisdictions Priviledges and Liberties to keepe Courte Leetes or Court Barons for the true administration of Justice and to the punishinge and suppressinge of offences; the profites and perquisites of which Courtes have heretofore bene used to be levied and collected by the Bayliffe or other Minister of suche Courte, and by him accounted for to his Highnes Progenitors, or other Lordes or Ladies of such Courtes and Mannours, and as of righte it oughte soe to be; but now by reason of the gTeate encrease of people, the saide pfites and pquisites of Courtes are growen to be of a better yearlie value then in ancient tymes it hathe bene, divers that are now Stewardes of such Courtes have heretofore in theire owne names, or in the names of some other to theire use, obtained and gotten divers Grauntes of all the pfittf and pquisites of such Courts whereof they are Stewardf, wherebie many of his Majesties Subjects are unjustlie vexed, and by grievous Fynes and Amercementf undulie punished, greatlie to the wronginge and impoverishinge of the Tenantf and Inhabitantf where such Stewardes are, pceedinge out of a greedie desire to make and obtaine an undue and extraordinarie Gaines to themselves; It is therefore by the authoritie of this p>sent Parliament established and enacted, That no Stewarde Deputie Stewarde or other Under Stewarde of any the Courtes aforesaide, shall directlie or indirectlie, in his owne name, or in the name of any other, from and after the expiration of one yeere nexte after the end of the Session of this psente Parliament, take receave or make benefitt to his owne use, in Monye Goodes or any other thinge to the value of Twelve pence or more, by vertue or colour of any Demise or Graunte hereafter to be made of any the Pfittes or Pquisites or Amercementf of any such Courts whereof they are Stewarde, which rightfullie shall belonge to the Lordes of the same; upon paine that everie Stewarde offendinge contrarie to the tenor of this p>sente Acte of Parliament, shall for everie such his Offence forfeit the some of Fortie Poundes, and to be disabled ever after to be Stewarde of such Courte or of any other; the one halfe of the forfeiture to be to our SoPaigne Lorde the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, the other halfe to any of his Majesties Subjects that shall complaine in any of his Highnes Courts of Recorde, by Action of Debte Bill Plainte or Information, in which Suite no Essoigne Protection Wager of Lawe or other dilatorie Plea shall be allowed.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte made for the explanation of the Statute made in the Fifte Yeere of the late Queene Elizabethes Reigne

conceminge Labourers.

WHEREAS by an Acte made in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the Fifte yeere of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth of famous Memorie, intituled An Acte touchinge divers Orders for Artificers Labourers Servantf of Husbandrie and Apprentices, it was pvided and enacted by the Authoritie of the same Parliament, for the declaration and limittacftn what Wages Servauntf Labourers and Artificers, either by the yeere or day, or otherwise, shoulde have and receave, that the Justices of Peace of everie Shire Riding or Libertie within the Limits of theire severall Comissions, or the more part of them, beinge then resident within the same, and the Sheriffe of that Countie, if he convenientlie may, and everie Mayor Bayliffe or other Head Officer within any Citie or Towne Corporate, wherein is any Justice of Peace within the Limits of the saide Citie or Towne Corporate, and of the saide Corporation, should before the tenth day of June next cominge, and afterwardes should yerelie at everie Generali Sessions first to be holden and kepte after Easter, or at some tyme convenient within Six weekes next followinge everie of the saide Feastes of Easter assemble themselves togeather, and they so assembled, callinge unto them such discreete and grave psons of the saide Countie, or of the saide Citie or Towne Corporate, as they shall thinke meete, and conferringe togeather respectinge the plentie or scarcitie of the tyme, and other circumstances

i

A.D. 160SA.

1° Jac. I. c. 6.

1023

n

t


rt

s


a

a

i

I;

4

k

i

B

B

4

t

B

4

P

i

0

I

k

4

9

t

5

necessarilie to be considered, should have authoritie by vertue thereof, within the limits or p>cinctf of theire severall Comissions, to limit rate and appointe the wages aswell of such and soe many of the saide Artificers Handycraftsmen Husbandmen or any other Labourer Servant or Workman, whose Wages in tyme paste hathe bene by any Lawe or Statute rated and appointed, and also the Wages of all other Labourers Artificers Workmen or Apprentices of Husbandrie which have not bene rated, as they the same Justices Mayors or Head Officers within theire severall Comissions or Liberties shoulde thinke meete, by their Discretions to be rated limited or appointed, by the yeere or by the day weeke moneth or otherwise, with meate and drinke, or without meate and drinke, and what wages every Workman shoulde take by the greate for mowinge reapinge or threshinge of Come and Graine, and for mowinge and makinge of Hay, or for ditchinge palinge ralinge or hedginge by the Rodde Pearch Lugge Yard Pole Rope or Foote, and for any other kinde of reasonable Labours or Service, and should yeerelie before the twelfthe daye of Julie nexte after the saide Assessmente and Rate soe appointed and made, certifie the same ingrossed in Parchment, with the Considerations and Causes thereof, under their Handes and Seales, into the saide Queenes moste Honourable Courte of Chancerie, to the ende that Proclamation should be made in the name of the Queenes Majestie her Heirs or Successors, for observinge of the same Rates in suche sorte manner and forme as in the saide Acte more at large is declared: And whereas the said Acte hath not, accordinge to the true meaninge thereof, bene duelie put in execution, wherebie the rates of Wages for poore Artificers Labourers and other psons whose Wages was meant to be rated by the saide Acte, have not been rated and ^portioned according to the pleantie scarcitie necessitie and respecte of the tyme which was politikelie intended by the saide Acte, by reason that Ambiguitie and Question have risen and bene made whether the ratinge of all maner Artificers Workmen and Workwomen his and theire Wages, other then suche as by some Statute and Lawe have bene rated, or els suche as did worke about Husbandrie, should or might be rated by the saide Lawe; Forasmuche as the saide Lawe hath ben founde beneficiall for the Comonwealthe, Be it enacted by authoritie of this pkent Parliament, That the saide Statute, and the Authoritie by the same Statute given to any pson or psons for assessinge and ratinge of Wages, and the authoritie to them in the saide Acte comitted, shall be expounded and construed, and shall by force of this Acte give authoritie to all psons havinge any suche authoritie to rate Wages of any Labourers Weavers Spinsters and Workmen or Workewomen whatsoever, either workinge by the Daye Weeke Moneth Yeere, or takinge any Worke at any pson or psons hand whatsoever, to be done in greate or otherwise.

And whereas in divers Shires within this Realme the Justices of Peace have not usuallie kepte theire generall Sessions in one place of the Shire togeather, but the genial Sessions have bene kepte in several Places for severall Divisions, by reason whereof the moste parte of the Justices of the Peace cominge not togeather, no ratinge of Wages could be well made in the saide Shire where suche generall Sessions have bene used, and for other respects, Be it enacted by authoritie of this (Psent Parliament, That the Justices of Peace, or the more parte of them, resiant in any Shiere, or in any Ridinge Libertie or Division where suche Sessions have bene usuallie severallie kepte, shall at any generall Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the same Shire Division Ridinge or Libertie, or at suche tyme of ratinge of Wages as is limitted by the saide Acte made in the fifte yeere of her Majesties Raigne, have as full authoritie and power to rate all manner of Wages to be rated within suche Shire, and within the limits of suche Division in any such Shire Ridinge or Libertie, as if the same were done in the generall Sessions for the saide Countie, or by the moste parte of the Justices meetinge for the ratinge of Wages by the saide Acte of the fifte yeere of the late Queene, for the Wages mentioned in the same Acte.

And be it further enacted, That after the Rates made for Wages, and ingrossed in Parchment under the Handes and Seales of them, havinge authoritie to rate the same, it shall and may be lawfull to the Sheriffe of the said Countie, or to the Mayor or cheife Officer or Officers of any Cittie or Towne Corporate, to cause ■Pclamation to be made of the severall Rates so rated in so many places within theire authorities as to them shall seeme convenient, and as if the same had bene set downe printed by the Lorde Chauncellor or Keeper, after Declaration thereof to his Majestie, and c?tificate of the same into the Kings moste honourable Courte of Chauncerie; and that everie pson & psons shall be bounde to observe the saide Rates in givinge and receivinge Wages, upon the Paynes and Punishmentf mentioned in the saide Acte, and to be recovered, or Punishment inflicted, as in the saide Acte is mentioned.

And furthermore be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any Clothier or other shall refuse to obey the saide Order Rate or Assessment of Wages as aforesaide, and shall not pay soe muche or so greate Wages to theire Weavers Spinsters Workmen or Workwomen as shall be so sett downe rated and appointed, accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte, that then everie Clothier and other pson and psons so offendinge shall forfeit and loose for everie such Offence, to the Partie grieved, Tenne shilling^ : And that if the saide Offence and Offences of not payinge so much or so greate Wages to theire saide Workmen Workewomen and others shall be confessed by the Offendor, or that the same shall be prooved by two sufficient and lawfull Wisnesses before the Justices of Peace in theire Quarter Sessions of the Peace, the Justices of Assise in theire Sessions, or before any two Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quop; that then everie such pson shall forthwith stande and be in Lawe convicted thereof; which saide Forfeiture of Ten shillingf shall be levied by Distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goodes, by Warrant from the saide Justices before whome any suche Conviction shall be had ; which Sale shall be good in Lawe againste any suche Offendor or Offendors.

And be it further enacted, That no pson or psons shall incurre any daunger or penaltie for not makinge Certificate unto the Kings moste honourable Court of the Chauncerie of any rates of Wages appointed to be certified by the saide Acte made in the saide fifte yeere of the saide late Queene, so as the same be pelaymed accordinge to the true

Doubts at to the Exteut of their Power;

declared to extend to all Labourers, Weavers, and Spinners.

XT.

Wages may be rated in Settions for Divisions of Shim.

Ilf. Proclamations shall be made by the Sheriff of the Rates of Waget.

IV.

Penalty on Clothier not paying Wages rated to his Workmen, lot.

upon Confession or Conviction.

V.

Rates of Wages need not to be certified into the Chancery, if proclaimed.

1024

1° Jac. I. c. 6, 7.

A.D. 160M.

intent of this Lawe; but the said Rates ingrossed in Parchment, and sealed as aforesaide, shall, if the same be in any Shire, be kepte by the Custos Rotulop of the saide Countie amongest the Recordes in his custodie for the saide Shire, and in any Citie or Towne Corporate amongst the Recordes of the saide Citie or Towne Corporate: This Acte to contynue untill the ende of the nexte Parliament.

Clothie/ihiU not (' ) PROVIDED neverthelesse and be it enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That no Clothier beinge a Justice of Peace ratio* W»'tiC of" " any P*c‘ncte 01 Lib®11!6, shall be any rater of any Wages for any Weaver Tucker Spinster or other Ardzan that WeiTcr«,*Jtc! ° dependeth upon the makinge of Cloth ; and in case there be not above the number of two Jusdces of Peace within

suche pcincte or Libde but such as are Clothiers, that in such case the same Wages shall be rated and assessed by the major parte of the Comon Counsaile of such Precincte or Liberde, and such Jusdce or Jusdces of Peace (if any there be) as are not Clothiers.

Continuance of this Act.

Recital of Stat.

Vagabond*:

No Licence by any Nobleman ahall exempt Playen.

II.

Proviso in Stat.

|9 4- J if.

for Glassmen;

Such Glassmen declared Rogues, ftc.

III.

Proviso in Stat.

39 Eli* c. 4. 4 4.

for banishing dangerous Rogues

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte for the Continuance and Explanation of the Statute made in the 39 yeere of the Raigne of our late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for Punishmente of Rogues Vagabondes and Sturdie Beggers.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the nine and thirtieth yeere of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, there was an Acte made, intituled An Acte for Punishment of Rogues Vagabondes and Sturdie Beggers, it was enacted, That all psons callinge themselves Scholers goinge aboute begginge, all Seafaringe men ptending Iosse of their Shippes or Goods on the Sea, goinge aboute the Countrie begginge, all idle psons goinge aboute in any Countrie, either begginge, or usinge any subtile Crafte or unlawfull Games or Playes, or fayninge themselves to have knowledge in Phisiognomie Palmestry or other like craftye Science, or ptendinge that they can tell Destinies Fortunes or such other like fantasticall Imaginations; all psons that be, or utter themselves to be Proctors Procurors Patent Gatherers or Collectors for Gaoles Prisons or Hospitals; all Fencers Bearwardf cSmon Players of Enterludes, and Minstrels wandringe abroad, (other then Players of Enterludes belonginge to any Baron of this Realme, or any other honourable Psonage of greater Degree, to be authorized to play under the Hande and Seale of Armes of such Baron or Psonage,) shalbe taken adjudged and deemed as Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdie Beggers, and shall suffer such Paine and Punishment as in the saide Acte is in that behalfe appointed, as by the same Acte more at large is declared ; Sithence the makinge of which Acte divers Doubts and Questions have bene moved and growen by diversitie of Opinions taken in and upon the letter of the saide Acte : For a plaine Declaration whereof be it declared and enacted, That from henceforthe no Authoritie to be given or made by any Baron of this Realme or any other honourable Personage of greater Degree, unto any other person or psons, shall be availeable to free and discharge the saide psons, or any of them, from the Paines and Punishmentf in the saide Statute mentioned, but that they shall be taken within the Offence and Punishment of the same Statute.

And Whereas in the saide Statute there is a Proviso conteyned, That the saide Statute nor any thinge therein conteined shall extend to any such Glassemen as shall be of good Behavioure, and shall travell in or through any Countie without begginge, havinge license for theire travellinge, under the Handes and Seales of three Justices of the Peace of the same Countie where they travel, whereof one to be of the Quop, as by the Statute more at large appeareth; by reason of which Libertie many notorious Rogues and Vagabonds and evill disposed psons have undertaken and do pfesse the Trade of Glassemen, and by colour thereof do travell up and downe divers Counties of this Realme, and doe c5mitt many Pickeries pettie Felonies and other Misdemeanors: For the avoiding of which Inconvenience, be it established and enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That from and after two Moneths nexte after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, all such pson and psons as shall wander up and downe the Countrie to sell Glasses, shall be adjudged deemed and taken as Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall suffer the like Paine and Punishment in everie Degree as is appointed to be inflicted upon Rogues Vagabonds and Sturdie Beggers by the intent and true meaninge of the saide Statute made in the xxxix. yeere of the Raigne of the saide late Queene Elizabeth, and shall be set downe limitted and appointed by this psent Acte ; Any thinge in the saide Statute of the nine and thirtieth yere of her saide Reigne to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

And Whereas by the saide Statute made in the nine and thirtieth yere of the Raigne of the saide late Queene

Elizabeth, it was further enacted, That if any of the saide Rogus shall appeare to be dangerous to the inferiour sorte of the people where they shall be taken, or otherwise be such as will not be reformed of theire roguishe kinde of life, that in everie such case it shall be lawfull to the Justices of the Peace of the same limit where any such Rogue shall be taken, to comit that Rogue to the House of Correction or to the Gaole of the Countie, there to remaine untill the nexte Quarter Sessions to be holden in that Countie, and then such of the Rogues

soe comitted, as by the Justices of the Peace then and there psent, or the moste parte of them, shall be thought

fitt not to be delivered, shall or may lawfollie by the same Justices, or the moste parte of them, be banished out of the Realme and all other the Dominions thereof, and at the charges of that Countie shall be conveyed into such parts beyonde the Seas as shall be at any tyme hereafter for that purpose assigned by the Privie Counsell unto the

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 7

1025

S

S


[<V


*!k

k*

Vu

'■ik

Cat

fr» iPs k« 1 * ■k u ik

fa

fa

Sk-

it

«k?

f«

f*

IB

k«

•fa

S*



fa

ii

t

saide Queene Elizabeth, her Heires and Successors, or by any size or more of them, whereof the Lorde Chauncellor or Lorde Keeper of the Greate Seale or Lorde Treasorer for the tyme beinge to be one, or otherwise be adjudged ppetuallie to the Gallies of this Realme, as by the saide Justices or the more parte of them shall be thought fit or expedient; And if any such Rogue shall returne (beinge banished as aforesaide) againe into any parte of this Realme or Dominions of Wales, without Iawfull Licence or Warrant so to doe, that in everie such case such offence shall be Felonie, and the partie offendinge therein suffer deathe as in case of Felonie, the same Felonie to be hearde and determined in that Countie of this Realme of Wales, in which the Offender shall be apprehended, as by the saide Statute more at large appeareth; which branch of the saide Statute is taken to be somewhat defective, for that the saide Rogues havinge no marke upon them to be knowne by, notwithstandinge such Judgment of Banishment may returne or retire themselves into some other parts of this Realme where they are not knowne, and soe escape the due punishmente which the saide Statute did intende to inflicte upon them : For remedie whereof be it ordained and enacted, That such Rogues as shall after the end of two monethes next after the end of this

Session of Parliament be adjudged as aforesaide incorrigible or dangerous, shall also by the Judgemente of the

same Justices, or the more parte of them then psente in their open Sessions of the Peace, be branded in the

lefte Shoulder withe an hot buminge Iron of the breadth of an Englishe Shilling, with a greate Rotnane R upon

the Iron, and the brandinge upon the Shoulder to be so thoroughlie burned and set on upon the skinne and fleshe, that the letter R be seene and remaine for a ppetuall marke upon such Rogue duringe his or her life, and thereupon be sent by the same Justices to the place of his dwelling, if he have any j if not, then to the place where he laste dwelt by the space of a yere, if that can be knowne by his confession or otherwise; and if that cannot be knowne, then to the place of his birthe, there to be placed in laboure as a true subjecte oughte to doe; and after suche punishemente of any suche Rogue as aforesaide, if any Rogue soe punished shall offende againe in begginge or wandring contrarie to the saide Statute, or this psent Acte, that then in everie suche case the partie soe offendinge shalbe judged a Felon, and shall suffer as in cases of Felonie, without benefit of Clergie, the same Felonie to be tried in the Countie where any suche Offender shall be taken.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That after two moneths nexte after the end of this psent Session of Parliamente, everie pson or persons shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended such Rogues Vagabond^ and Sturdie Beggers, as he or they shall see or knowe to resorte to theire houses to beg gather or receive any Aimes, and him her or them shall carrie or cause to be caried to the nexte Constable or Tythingman, upon paine to forfeite for everie defaulte ten shillingf, to be leavied and imployed in manner and forme, and upon such like proofe and conviction as penalties and forfeitures are to be levied and imployed by the saide Statute of the nine and thirtieth yere of the saide late Queene; "And in defaulte of any such levie then to be levied and

imployed by the Lorde of the Leete or his Officer where such Offence shall be comitted, in suche manner as the

persons authorized by the saide Statute mighte or shoulde have levied and imployed the same.

And be it further enacted, That if such Constable or Tithingman doe not cause the saide Rogues Vagabond^ and Sturdie Beggers to be punished accordinge to the forme set downe in the saide Acte made in the nine and

thirtieth yeere of the Raigne of the saide late Queene Elizabeth, and to be conveyed accordinge to the p'porte of

the saide Acte, that then the saide Constable or Tithingman shall forfeite and loose the some of twentie shillingf for everie defaulte, to be levied and imployed in manner and forme as in the saide Statute is set for the and declared.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That the saide Stature made in the nine and thirtieth yere of the Raigne of the saide late Queene Elizabeth, with the Alterations Explanac&ns and {Visions herein metioned and conteyned, shall contynue and stande in force so longe as this psent Acte shall be and remaine in force and strength.

Provided also, That this psent Acte shall contynue but untill the end of the nexte Parliament.

(*) Provided further, That this Acte or anie Thinge therein contained, or any Authoritie therebie given, shall not in any wise extende to disinherit pjudice or hinder John Dutton of Dutton in the Countie of Chester Esquire, his heires or assignes, for touchinge or concerninge any Libertie Priviledge phemynence and Authoritie, Jurisdiction and Inheritance which the saide John Dutton now lawfullie useth or hathe or lawfullie maye or ought to use, within the Countie Palantine of Chester and the Countie of the Citie of Chester, or either of them, by reason of anie ancient Charters of any Kings of this Lande, or by reason of any pscription or Iawfull Usage or Title whatsoever.

How evaded j

Incorrigible Roguei, Sic. shall be branded with an R. and sentenced to Labour; and on Second Offence, declared Felons without Clergy.

IV.

All Persons shall apprehend Rogues, See.

Penalty) to*.

V.

Penalty on Constables, See. for Neglect, aoi.

VI.

St. 39 EUx. c. 4. confirmed, as amended.

VII.

Continuance of Act.

VIII. Proviso for John Dutton.

' This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


12 E


1026

1° Jac. I. c. 8, 9.

A.D. 1603-4.

Slabbing any one, not having a Weapon drawn, nor having (truck the Offender, declared Felony without Clergy, although no Malice be proved.

II.

Proviso for Self-Defence, Misfortune, Preservation of the Peace, Correction of Servants, &c.

Continuance of this Act.

The true Use of Inns and Alehouses.

Penalty on Alchmisekeeper permitting unlawful Drinking in his House, I os. on View of Justice, &c.

II.

Prices of Ale and Uccr sold in AWt.ov.Sei.

CHAPTER Vm.

An Acte to take awaye the Benefite of Clergie from some kinde of Manslaughter.

TO the ende that stabbinge and killinge men on the suddaine, done and comitted by manie inhumaine and wicked psons in the tyme of theire rage drunkennesse hidden dislpeasure, or other passion of minde, contrarie to the comandement of Almightie God and the comon Peace and Tranquilitie of this Realme, may from henceforthe be restrained, through feare of due punishment to be inflicted on suche cruell and bloodie Malefactors, whoe heretofore have bene thereunto imboldened by presuming on the benefit of Cleargie ; Be it therefore enacted by the Kings moste excellent Majesde, the Lords Spirituall and Temporal), and the Comons in this p'sente Parliament assembled, That everie pson and psons which after one moneth nexte ensuinge the end of this p'sent Session of Parliament, shall stabbe or thruste any pson or persons that hathe not then any weapon drawne, or that hathe not then firste striken the partie which shall soe stabbe or thruste, soe as the person or persons soe stabbed or thruste shall thereof die within the space of sixe moneths then next followinge, although it cannot be proved that the same was done of malice forethoughte, yet the partie soe offendinge, and beinge thereof convicted by verdictc of twelve men, confession or otherwise, accordinge to the Lawes of this Realme, shall be excluded from the benefit of his or theire Cleargie, and suffer Deathe as in case of Wilfull Murder.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned, shall not extende to any person or psons which shall kill any person or persons se defendendo, or by misfortune, or in any other manner then as aforesaide; nor shall extende to any person or persons which in keepinge and preservinge the Peace, shall chaunce to comitt Manslaughter, soe as the saide Manslsughter be not comitted wittingly willinglie and of purpose, under pkexte and colour of keepinge the Peace ; nor shall extende to any person or psons which in chastisinge or correcting his Childe or Servant, shall besides his or theire intent and purpose, chaunce to comit Manslaughter; This Acte to contynue untill the end of the firste Session of the next Parliament.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte to restrainc the inordinate hauntinge and tiplinge in Innes Alehouses and other Victuallinge Houses.

WHEREAS the ancient true and principall use of Innes Alehouses and Victuallinge Houses, was for the Receipte Reliefc and Lodginge of wayfaring people travellinge from place to place, and for such Supplie of the wants of such people as are not able by greater Quantities to make theire pvision of Victuals, and not meant for entertainment and harbouringc of lewde and idle people to spende and consume theire money and theire tyme in lewde and drunken manner; Be it therefore enacted by the Kings moste excellent Majestie, the Lordes Spirituall and Temporal!, and Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, That if after sortie dayes next ensuinge after the end of this p'sent Session of Parliament any Inne keeper Victualler or Alehouse keeper within this Realme of England or the Dominion of Wales, doe pmitt or suffer any pson or psons inhabitinge and dwellinge in any Citie Towne Corporate Market Towne Village or Hamlett within this Realme of England or Dominion of Wales, where any such Inne Alehouse or Tiplinge house is or shall be, to remaine and contynue drinkinge or tiplinge in the saide Inne Victuallinge House Tiplinge house or Alehouse, other then such as shalbe invited by any Travailer, and shall accompanie hym onelie duringe his necessarie abode there, and other then labouringe and handicraftsmen in Cities and Townes Corporate and Markett Townes, upon the usual! workinge daies, for one houre at dynner tyme, to take their Diet in an Alehouse; and other then Labourers and Workmen, which for the followinge of theire worke by the day or by the greate in any Cittie Towne Corporate Market Towne or Village, shall for the tyme of theire saide contynuynge in worke there, sojourne lodge or victuall in any Inne Alehouse or other Victuallinge house, other then for urgent and necessarie occasions to be allowed by two Justices of Peace, that then everie such Inne keeper Victualler or Alehouse keeper shall for everie such offence forfeit and lose the some of tenne shillingf of currant Money of England, to the use of the Poore of the Parishe where such offence shall be comitted; the same offence being viewed and seene by any Mayor Bayliffe or Justice of Peace within their se9all limits, or proved by the Oathe of Two Witnesses, to be taken before any Mayor Bayliffe or any other Head Officer, or any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, who by vertue of this Acte shalbe authorised to minister the saide Oathe to any pson or psons that can or will juscifie the same, beinge within the limits of theire saide Comission.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any Inneekeep Alehouse keeper or Victualler shall at any tyme utter or sell lesse then one full Ale quart of the best Beere or Ale for a penie, and of the Small two quartes for one pennie, that then everie suche Inne keeper Alehouse keeper or Victualler shall forfeite for everie such offence beinge duelie proved in manner above limitted, the some of Twentie Shillingf of lawfull Money of England, to the use abovesaide ; All and everie the saide Penalties to be levied by the Constables or Churchwardens of the Parish or Parishes where the offence or offences shall be comitted, by waye of distresse to be taken and deteined

for the saide forfeitures, and for default of satisfaction within sixe dayes nexte ensuinge, the same then to be p’sentlie

apprised and solde, and thjj surplusage or remainder over and above to be delivered to the partie of whome the

distresse was taken, and for want of sufficient distresse the partie or parties offendinge to be by the Mayor Bayliffe

or other Head Officer or Justice or Justices aforesaide, comitted to the comon Gaole, there to reniaine untill the said Penaltie or Penalties be truelie paidc.

LOO

A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 9, 10.

1027

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if the Constables or Churchwardens doe neglecte theire due tie in levyinge, or do not levie the saide severall Penalties, or in default of Distresse or Distresses, from tyme to tytne doe neglecte to certifie the same Default of Distresse, by the space of twentie dayes then nexte ensuinge to the Maior Bailiffe and other Head Officer or Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiccfo the Offence is cdmitted, then everie pson and psons so offiendinge shall forfeit for everie such Default the s5me of Fortie shillingf of currant Mony of England to the use of the Poore of the Parishe where suche Offence shalbe comitted, to be levied by waie of Distresse of the Offendors Goods, by Warrant from any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace Mayor Baylifie or other Head Officer within the limits of their Jurisdice&ns respectivelie, under his or theire Hande and Seal, to be taken and detained for the saide Forfeitures, for the space of sixe dayes then next ensuinge; within whiche tyme if payment be not made, the same Goods to be presentlie apprised and sold, and the surplusage and remainder over and above (if any be) to be delivered to the partie of whome the Distresse was taken; and for wante of such sufficient Distresse, the Constables Churchwarden or Churchwardens so offendinge to be by the Mayor Bayliffe or other Head Officer Justice or Justices of Peace cdmitted to the common Goale, there to remaine until the saide Penaltie or Penalties be truelie paide, for all which Penalties which so shall be levied by the saide Constables or Churchwardens, they the said Constables and Churchwardens shall be accomptable to theire Successors and other the Parishioners, in suche sorte as they usuallie be in other Churche reckoningf or Accomptf; and for all Forfeitures to be levied by reason of any neglect of the Constables or Churchwardens, those shall be accomptable, who by force of any Warrant or Precept doe levie the same, or upon the inlargement of persons comitted, doe receive the same.

And be it further enacted, That all other Lawes and Statutes touchinge Innekeepers Victualers and Alehousekeepers shall still remaine in theire former force and be put in due execucfin: This Acte to continue to the end of the firste Session of the next Parliament.

III. Penalty on Constable! and Churchwardens neglecting to levy Penalties on Offenders, 40s.

IV. Former Laws

confirmed. Continuance of this Act.

(') Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That the Correccon and Punishment Pro^w , to of such as shall offend againste this Acte, or any parte thereof, within either of the two Univ'sities of this Real me, or Offences in the the pkinctf or Liberties of the same, shall be done upon the Offenders, and Justice shall be ministred in this behalfe accordinge to the intent and true meaninge of this Lawe, by the Govemours Magistrates Justices of the Peace or other principall Officers of either of the same Univ'sities, to whome in other cases the Administration of Justice and Correccon and Punishment of Offenders by the Lawes of this Realme and theire severall Charters doth belonge or appertaine, and that no other within theire Liberties for any Matter conceminge this Lawe contrarie to theire severall Charters doe intermeddle, and that all Penalties and Summes of Money to be forfeited or lost by force of this Acte within either of the Univ'sities, or the Liberties or pcinctf of the same, shall be levied by the Officers or Ministers of either of the saide Univ'sities to be from tyme to tyme in that behalfe appointed by the Vicechauncellours thereof for the tyme beinge respectivelie, and that all Powers and Authorities either of Imprisonment or otherwise before given or appointed by this Acte, shall by the Governors Magistrates and principall Officers abovesaide of either of the saide Univ'sities, be duelie executed and done within either of the saide Univ'sities, and the Liberties and pcinctf of the same, accordinge to the true intent and meaninge of this Acte.

CHAPTER X.

Oi td/wrrn ■> -’JQu JWjiWim a*. iFri i &nj incrn 9u nnt T J

An Acte for the better execution of Justice.

FORASMUCH as all Exactions Extortions and Corruptions are odious, and phibited in all well governed Comon No Mmwylnll be Weales; Be it enacted, That no pson to whome any Order or Cause shall be comitted or referred by any of the fam" Courts for' Kings Judges or Courts at Westm, or any other Court, shall directlie or indirectlie, or by any Arte Shifte Colour or Device, have take or receive any Money Fee Rewarde Covenant Obligation Promise Agreement or any other thinge for his Reporte or Certificate, by writinge or otherwise, upon paine of the forfeiture of One hundred poundes for everie suche Reporte or Stificate, and to be deprived of his Office and Place in the same Court: the one moytic of the saide Forfeitures to be to our Sov'aigne I.orde the Kinge, his Heires and Successors, the other moytie to the partie greived which will sue for the same at any tyme during the saide Suite, or within one yeere after the same cause discontinued or decreed ; and in his default of such Suite, to hym or them that will sue for the same, by Originall Writt Bill Plainte or Information in his Majesties High Courte of Star Chamber, or in any his Majesties Courtes of Recorde at Westminster, in which Suite, by Writt Bill Plainte or Information, no Wager of Lawe Essoigne Priviledge Supsedeas Protection or any other Delay shalbe suffered or admitted : Provided neverthelessc, That it shall be lawfull for the Ctcrlc

Clearkc to take for his Paines for writinge of everie such Reporte or Certificate twelve pence for the firste side, and two pence for everie side after, and no more, upon paine to forfeite Tenne shillingf for everie pennie taken over and above the saide summe, to be had and recovered as aforesaide.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


1028

1° Jac. I. c. 11,12.

A.D. 160S-4.

CHAPTER XI.

living, declared Felony.

An Acte to restrayne all psons from Marriage until their former Wyves and former Husbandes be deade.

Marrying a Second T^ORASMUCH as divers evil disposed psons beinge maried, runne out of one Countie into another, or into the former being ’ -L places where they are not knowen, and there become to be maried, havingc another husband or wife livingc, ’ to the greate dishonour of God and utter undoinge of divers honest mens children and others; Be it therefore

enacted by the Kings Majestie, with the consent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporal), and of the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled. That if any pson or psons within his Majesties Domynions of England and Wales, beinge maried, or which hereafter shall marie, doe at any tyme after the ende of the Session of this pfeent Parliament, marrye any pson or psons, the former husband or wife beinge alive, that then everie such offence shalbe Felonie, and the pson and psons so offendinge shall suffer death as in cases of Felonie; And the partie and parties so offendinge shall receive such and the like pceedinge triall and execution in such Countie where suche pson or psons shalbe apprehended, as if the offence had bene comitted in such Countie where such pson or psons shall be taken or apprehended.

Proviao for Provided alwaies, That this Acte nor any thinge therein conteyned, shall extende to any pson or psons whose

beyondSea Husband or Wife shalbe continuallie remayninge beyond the Seas by the space of seven yeeres together, or whose

or for Seven Years. Husband or Wife shall absent hym or her selfe the one from the other by the space of seaven yeares together, in any parts within his Majesties Dominions, the one of them not knowinge the other to be livinge within that tyme.

Proviso for’ Provided also and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That this Acte nor any thinge herein contayned

Divorces, &c. shall extend to any pson or psons that are or shalbe at the tyme of such mariage divorced by any sentence had

or hereafter to be had in the Eccliastical! Courte, or to any person or psons where the former Mariage hathe bene or hereafter shall be by sentence in the Ecctiastical Courte declared to be voide and of no effect; nor to any pson or psons for or by reason of anye former Mariage had or made, or hereafter to be had or made within age of consent.

N Corruption Provided also, That no Attainder for this Offence made Felonie by this Acte, shall make or worke any corruption

of Blood, 8cc. of Blood Losse of Dower or disinherison of Heire or Heires.

5 Eliz. c. 16. repealed.

II.

Invoking or consulting with Evil Spirits, taking up Dead Bodies, See. for Purposes of Witchcraft, See. or practising Witchcraft, &c. to the Harm of others, declared Felony without Clergy.

III.

Penalty on declaring by Witchcraft where Treasure, Sec. is hidden ; procuring unlawful Dove ; or attempting to hurt Cattle or Persons;

I st Offence, Imprisonment i ad, Felony without Clergy.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte against Conjuration Witchcrafte and dealinge with evill and wicked Spirits.

BE it enacted by the King our Sov*aigne Lorde the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same. That the Statute made in the fifte yeere of the Raigne of our late Sov'aigne Ladie of moste famous and happie memorie Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte againste Conjurations Inchantmentf and Witchcraftf, be from the Feaste of St. Michaell the Archangell nexte cominge, for and conceminge all Offences to be comitted after the same Feaste, utterlie repealed.

And for the better restrayninge the saide Offenses, and more severe punishinge the .same, be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any pson or persons, after the saide Feaste of Saint Michaell the Archangell next cominge, shall use practise or exercise any Invocation or Cpnjuration of any evill and wicked Spirit, or shall consult covenant with entertaine employ feede or rewarde any evill and wicked Spirit to or for any intent or purpose; or take up any dead man woman or child out of his her or theire grave, or any other place where the dead bodie resteth, or the skin bone or any other parte of any dead person, to be imployed or used in any manner of Witchcrafte Soreerie Charme or Inchautment; or shall use practise or exercise any Witchcrafte Inchantment Charme or Sorcerie, wherebie any pson shalbe killed destroyed wasted consumed pined or lamed in his or her bodie, or any parte thereof; that then everie such Offendor or Offendors, theire Ayders Abettors and Counsellors, being of any the saide Offences dulie and lawfullie convicted and attainted, shall suffer pains of deathe as a Felon or Felons, and shall loose the priviledge and benefit of Cleargie and Sanctuarie.

And further, to the intent that all manner of practise use or exercise of Witchcrafte Inchantment Charme or Sorcerie should be from henceforth utterlie avoyded abolished and taken away. Be it enacted by the authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That if any pson or psons shall from and after the saide Feaste of Saint Michaell the Archangell next cominge, take upon him or them by Witchcrafte Inchantment Charme or Sorcerie to tell or declare in what place any treasure of Golde or Silver should or might be founde or had in the earth or other secret places, or where Goods or Things loste or stollen should be founde or become; or to the intent to pvoke any person to unlawfull love, or wherebie any Cattell or Goods of any pson shall be destroyed wasted or impaired, or to hurte or destroy any pson in his or her bodie, although the same be not effected and done; that then all and everie such pson & psons so offendinge, and beinge thereof lawfullie convicted, shall for the said Offence suffer Imprisonment by the space of one whole yeere, without baile or maineprise, and once in everie quarter of the saide yere, shall in


A.D. 1603-4.

1" Jac.I. c.12—14.

1029

some Markett Towne, upon the Markett Day, or at such tyme as any Faire shalbe kepte there, stande openlie upon the Pillorie by the space of sixe houres, and there shall openlie confesse his or her error and offence; And if any pson or psons beinge once convicted of the same offences as is aforesaide, doe eftsoones ppetrate and comit the like offence, that then everie such Offender, beinge of any the saide offences the second tyme lawfullie and duelie convicted and attainted as is aforesaide, shall suffer paines of death as a Felon or Felons, and shall loose the benefitt and priviledge of Clergie and Sanctuarie: Savinge to the wife of such person as shall offend in any thinge contrarie to this Acte, her title of dower; and also to the heire and successour of everie such person his or theire titles of Inheritance Succession and other Rights, as though no such Attaindor of the Ancestor or Predecessor had bene made : Provided alwaies. That if the Offendor in any the Cases aforesaide shall happen to be a Peere of this Realme, then his Triall therein to be had by his Peeres, as it is used in cases of Felonie or Treason, and not otherwise.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for new Executions to be sued againste any which shall hereafter be delivered out of Execution by Priviledge of Parliament, and for discharge of them out of whose custody such psons shall be delivered.

FORASMUCH as heretofore Doubt hath ben made, if any pson being arrested in Execution, and by priviledge of either of the Houses of Parliament set at libertie, whether the partie at whose Suite such Execution was pursued be for ever after barred and disabled to sue for the a new Writt of Execution in that case: For the avoydinge of all further Doubte and Trouble which in like cases may hereafter ensue. Be it enacted by the Kings moste excellent Majestie, by the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and by the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, That from henceforthe the partie at or by whose Suite such Writt of Execution was pursued, his Executors or Administrators, after such tyme as the priviledge of that Session of Parliament in which such priviledge shall be so graunted shall cease, may sue for the and execute a newe Writt or Writtf of Execution, in such manner and forme as by the Lawe of this Realme hee or they might have done if no suche former Execution had bene taken for the or served : And that from henceforth noe Shiriffe Bayliffe or other Officer from whose Arreste or Custodie any such pson so arrested in Execution shalbe delivered by any such Priviledge, shall be charged or chargeable with or by any Ac£6n whatsoever for deliveringe out of Execution any such priviledged pson so as is aforesaide, by suche Priviledge of Parliament set at Libertie; Any Lawe Custome or Priviledge heretofore to the contrarie notwithstandinge. Provided alwaies. That this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend to the diminishinge of any Punishment to be hereafter by censure in Parliament inflicted upon any pson which hereafter shall make or pcure to be made any such Arrest as is aforesaide.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for Recoverie of Small Debtes, and releevinge of poore Debtors in London.

WHEREAS for Reliefe of poore Debtors beinge Citizens and Freemen of London, all Citizens and Freemen of v ▼ the Citie of London tyme out of mynde have been subject to the Rule Ordinaunce and lawful! Govemement of the Lorde Maior and Aldermen of the same Citie, and to such lawfull and reasonable Acts and Ordinaunces as by the saide Lorde Mayor Aldermen and Comon Counsell of the same Citie for the good Government of the same Citizens and Freemen should from tyme to tyme be made ordeyned andpvided; the same not being contrarie repugnant or derogatorie to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme: And whereas it was amongst other thing f enacted by Acte of Comon Counsell within the Citie of London, the firste day of Februarie in the ninth yeere of the Raigne of our late Sov^aigne Lorde of famous memorie King Henrie the Eight, That the Lorde Mayor and Aldermen of the same Citie for the tyme beinge should monethlie assigne and appointe two Aldermen and foure ancient discreete Commoners, to be Comissioners, and sit in the Court of Requestf, comonlie called The Courte of Conscience, in the Guild Hall of the same Citie, there to heare end and determine all matters brought before them betweene Partie and Partie, beinge Citizens and Freemen of London, in all cases where the due Debte did not exceede the s5me of fourtie shilling^: And this Acte was to contynue for twoo yeeres then next ensuinge; in which two yeeres the saide Acte was found to be charitable and pfitable for the Reliefe of such poore Debtors Citizens and Freemen of London, as were not able to make p>sent payment of theire Debts and restrainte of many malicious psons beinge also Citizens and Freemen of London from pceedinge in their wilfull Sutes, as also for the ease and healpe of such poore persons Citizens and Freemen of London as have Debts owinge them of small summes, and are not able to psecute Suites for the same elsewhere, as the same hath byn by divers Actes contynued, and the number of Comoners Comissioners on this behalfe increased to twelve: Now of late divers people, beinge Citizens and Freemen of London, and bounde to observe the lawfull and reasonable Ordinaunces of the same, repininge at the authoritie of the same Courte, not regardinge the expences of any charges how greate soever, so they may have their desires upon theire poore Debtors, and animated thereto by divers Attorneys and Solicitors of Suytes at the Comon Lawe, for theire owne private Gaine,

Vou IV.

ta F

Saving of Dower, Inheritance, See.

Peeri shall be tried by Peers.

Execution may be renewed against Persons discharged by Privilege of Parliament, when they cease to be privileged.

Sheriff not liable on Discharge of privileged Persons.

Proviso for Censure by Parliament.

Court of Requests established in London, for Recovery of Debts under 40s. by Act ofCommonCouncil, 1 Feb. 9 H.VIII.

Evasion of Jurisdiction of that Court.

1 by

1030

1° Jac. I. c. 14.

.Z>.1603-4.

Process of Appearance and Proceedings of Commissioners regulated.

n.

Defendants refusing to obey Process, &c. may be imprisoned.

III. Persons suing Citizens of London in Superior Courts for Debts under 40s. shall not have Costs there, &c.

IV.

Proviso for Causes respecting Rent, See.

who to avoide the jurisdiction of the saide Courte in London, doe daylie commence Suites for such Pettie Causes, againste his Majesties saide poore Subjects Citizens and Freemen of the Citie of London, in his Highnes Courts at Westminster, or in some other Courts neere adoyninge to the saide Citie of London, to avoide the authoritie of the saide Comissioners, that they shall not staye such Suites, nor examine the saide Causes, and so cause the poore Defendants, beinge Citizens and Freemen of the Citie of London, many tymes to pay sixe tymes as muche Charges as their principal 1 Debte or Dammages doth amount unto, to the utter undoing of such poore Debtors, theire Wives and Children, and also the flllinge of the Prisons with Poore so sued, where in the saide Court the Plaintiffe may have his Debte with eight pence or twelve pence charges at the moste: For remedie whereof, be it enacted by authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That everie pson and psons whatsoever, being free of London, which now hathe or hereafter shall have any Debte or Debts owinge unto hym or them, not amountinge to sortie shillingf, by any Debtor or Debtors inhabiting in London or within the Liberties thereof, shall or may cause suche Debtor or Debtors to be warned or sumoned by the Bedle or Officer of the saide Courte of Requestf for the tyme being, to appeare before the Comissioners of the saide Courte holden in the Guildhall of the saide Citie; And that the Comissioners, or the greater parte of them, shall from tyme to tyme set downe such Order or Orders betwene such Partie or Parties Plaintiffe, and his or their such Debtor or Debtors Defendants, touchinge such Debts, not exceedinge the value of Fourtie Shillingf, in question before them, as they shall finde to stande with equitie and good Conscience; All such their Order or Orders to be registred in a Booke as they have bene accustomed, and aswell the Partie Plaintiffe as the Debtor or Defendant to observe pforme and keepe the same in all points.

And be it further enacted by authoritie aforesaide. That if any such Defendants or Debtor shall after warninge given hym her or them by the saide Officer of the saide Courte for the tyme beinge, refuse or neglecte to make his appearance in the saide Court of Requestf before the Comissioners for the tyme being, at the tyme appointed; or if any Partie Plaintife or Defendant shall not pforme suche Order as the said Comissioners shall set downe, that then it shall be lawfull for the saide Officer of the saide Courte, or any of the Sergeantf at Mace within the saide Citie, by Order of the Comissioners of the said Courte for the tyme beinge, or of the greater part of them, to conut such Partie or Parties to Prison into one of the Counters of the saide Citie, there to remaine untill he or they shall pforme the Order of the same Comissioners, or of the more parte of them in that behalfe made.

And be it further enacted by authoritie aforesaid, That if any pson or psons whatsoever, beinge free of London, and there inhabitinge, shall hereafter for any Debte not amountinge to Fortie Shillingf sue any person or psons whatsoever, beinge Citizens or Freemen of London dwellinge within the saide Citie of London or the Liberties thereof, in any of the Kings Courts at Westminster or elswhere out of the saide Citie, everie such Defendant shall be free

from payinge to the Plaintife the Costs and Charges due to hym for the same Sute; And the same Plaintife shall pay

so muche ordinarie Costs to the Partie Defendant as such Defendant shall justlie prove before the Comissioners in the saide Courte or the greater parte of them it hath truelie coste hym in defence of the saide Sute ; And if suche pson or persons Plaintife shall after warninge given hym or them or to his or theire Attoumey or Attorneyes in the saide Sute,

by the saide Officer of the saide Courte of Requests refuse to appeare in the saide Courte before the saide

Comissioners beinge thereunto warned by the Officer of the saide Conrt, or to satisfie to the Defendant so much for his or their Charges as shalbe proved before the saide Comissioners and by them assessed as abovesaide; or if the saide Plaintife or Defendant shall not pforme such Order as the saide Comissioners or the more parte of them, shall set downe for his or theire Debts or other controv’sies not exceedinge Fortie Shillingf, That then it shall be lawfull for the saide Officer of the saide Courte or any other of the Sergeantf at Mace of the saide Citie, by order of the saide Comissioners or (') the greater parte of them to comit such partie or parties to Prison into one of the Counters of the saide Citie, there to remaine untill he or they shall pforme the order of the saide Commissioners in that behalfe.

(*) Provided That this Acte, nor any thinge therein conteyned, shall extend to any Debt for any Rent upon any Lease of Landes or Tenementf or other Reall Contracte, nor to any other Debte that shall arise by reason of any Cause con&iinge Testamentf or Matrimonie, or any Thinge conceminge or pplie belonginge to the Eccliasticall Courte; albeit the same shalbe under Fortie Shillingf; Any Thinge before contained to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

• This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Go

A Z).1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 15.

1031

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte for the better Reliefe of the Creditors againste suche as shall become Bankruptf.

FOR that Fraudes and Deceiptf as new Diseases daylie increase amongst such as live by buyinge and sellinge, to the hinderance of Traffique and mutuall Commerce, and to the general Hurte of the Realme, by such as wickedly and wilfullie become Banckruptf; and for that the Description of a Bankrupt in former Statutes is not so fullie expressed, nor the power given therebie to the Cdmissioners for Banckruptf soe large as is meete, in suche cases of Deceipte, to prevent the deceiptfull Actions of Bankruptf: For Remedie whereof be it therefore enacted by our SoPaigne Lorde the Kinge and by the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and Comons at this p>sent Parliament assembled and by the authorise of the same, That all and everie suche person and p6ons usinge or that shall use the Trade of Merchandize, by way of Bargayninge Exchange Bartrie Chevisance or otherwise, in grosse or by retaile, or seekinge his her or their Trade of livinge, by buyinge and sellinge, and beinge a Subjecte borne of this Realme or any the Kings Dominions, or Denizen, who at any tyme sithence the firste day of this present Parliament, or at any tyme hereafter shall departe this Realme ; or beginne to keepe his or her House or Houses, or otherwise to absent hym or her selfe, or take Sanctuarie; or suffer hym or her selfe willinglie to be arrested for any Debte or other Thinge not growen or due for Money delivered Wares solde or any other juste or lawfull cause, or good Consideration or Purposes; or hath or will suffer hym or her selfe to be outlawed, or yeelde hym or her selfe to prison; or willinglie or fraudulentlie hath or shall pcure hym or her selfe to be arrested, or his or her Goods Money or Chattels to be attached or sequestred ; or departe from his or her Dwellinge Howse; or make or cause to be made any fraudulent Graunte or Conveyance of his her or theire Landes Tenementf Goodes or Chattels, to the interne or wherebie his her or theire Creditors, beinge Subjects borne as aforesaide, shall or may be defeated or delayed for the Recoverie of theire juste and true Debts or beinge arrested for Debte, shall after his or her Arreste lie in prison Sixe moneths or more upon that Arreste, or upon any other Arreste or Detention in prison for Debte, and lie in prison Sixe Moneths upon such Arrest or Detention, shall be accounted and adjudged a Bankrupte to all intentf and purposes.

Former Description* of Bankrupte

iptcy

uncertain;

ActiofBankruptcy by Trader*defined;

tearing the Realm; keeping at Home,

Ac.;

being unduly arretted, outlawed,

Ac.;

departing from Home;

making fraudulent Conveyances, See.; lying in Pri*on.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie of this p>sente Parliament, That the like Comissions Orders Benefittes and gt j c Remedies which are and be provided and limitted by the saide former Acte of Parliament made in xiij nup Elizabeth extended to such Regine againste any Bankruptf therein described, or for or conceminge his her or theire Landes Tenementf BankruPu* Hereditamentf Fees Annuities Offices Goodes Chattels Wares Merchandizes and Debts or any of them shalbe had pursued taken and expounded againste suche person and persons that are herein expressed to be Bankruptf, his her and their Landes Tenementf Hereditamentf Fees Annuities Offices Goodes Chattels Wares Merchandizes and Debts, in suche like manner and forme as the same oughte or mighte have bene if the psons herein described to be Bankruptf, had bene described to be Bankruptf accordinge to the intente of the saide former Statute: And that it Creditor* m«y shall be lawfull for any of the Creditors of the saide Bankrupt within sower moneths after any such Comission shalbe Month* kc

sued for the, and untill Distribution shall be made by the saide Comissioners for the payment of the Bankruptf Debte, as in suche case hath bene used, to partake and joyne with the other Creditors that shall sue for the any such C5mission for satisfaction and payment of his her or theire Debts to hym or them owinge, without any Hinderance Let or Disturbance of any of the same Commissioners, or of any of the other Creditors of any such Bankruptf, the same Creditors soe cominge in to contribute to the charges of the saide C5n}ission; and that if the Creditors come not in within sower monethes, then the Comissioners to have power to distribute.

III.

Assignment by Commissioners of Lands, Good*, Src. fraudulently conveyed by Bankrupts, declared valid.

Be it further enacted, That if any pson which hereafter is or shall be a Bankrupt by intent of this Statute, shall

convey or peure, or cause to be conveyed to any of his Children, or other person or persons, any Mannours Landes

Tenementf Hereditamentf Offices Fees Annuities Leases Goodes Chattels, or transferre his Debts into other Mens Names, excepte the same shall be purchased conveyed or transferred for or upon mariage of any of his or her Children, bothe the parties marled beinge of the yeeres of consent, or some valuable Consideration, shalbe in the power and authoritie of the Comissioners in this behalfe to be appointed, or the more parte of them, to bargaine sell grante convey demise or otherwise to dispose thereof, in as ample manner as if the saide Banckerupte had bene actuallie seised or possessed thereof, or the Debts were in his owne name of the like Estate or Interest to his or theire owne use, at such tyme as hee or shee became Banckerupt; And that everie such Graunte Bargaine Sale Conveyance and Disposition of the saide Comissioners or of the greater parte of them shall be good and availeable to all Intents Constructions and Purposes in the Lawe againste the Offender or Offenders his Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes, and such Children and psons as shall be subjecte to this Statute, and againste all other pson and psons clayminge by from or under suche Offendor or Offendors, or such saide other psons, to whome suche Conveyance shall be made by the saide Banckerupte, or by his meanes or peurement.

And for that the practices of Banckruptf of late are soe secret and soe subdie as that they can verie hardelie be ^ ^ prices

founde out or brought to lighte, and for that the former Statute givinge power to the Comissioners to examine others of Bankrupt*;

then the Bankeruptf, hath not fullie or sufficientlie authorized them to examine the saide Banckerupt upon Oathe:

For Remedie whereof be it further enacted by the authoride of this p>sente Parliament, That the saide Comissioners on Refusal of maye call before them, or the greater parte of them, the saide Banckerupte; and if upon lawfull waminge lefte or made fp^Cfore in wridnge at three se^all tymes at the Dwellinge place or House where the saide Banckerupt his Wife or Famylie for Commissioner*,

1032

1° Jac. I. c. 15.

A.D. 1603-4.

Proclamation shall be made, and he may be arrested by their Warrant j

and examined M to Disclosure of his Estate, kc.

Upon Refusal to answer, he may be committed till he submits;

and in case of Perjury be punished by Pillory, &c.

V.

Inefficacy of i J. of 13 Elia. c. 7. as to Persons having in their Hands Effects of Bankrupts 5

Such Persons, refusing to attend or give Evidence, may be arrested by Warrants of Commissioners, and committed until they submit.

the moste parte of his Abode, did lodge or remaine within one yeere nexte before he shee or they became Banckrupt the said Bankerupt shall not appeare before the saide Comissioners or the greater parte of them, That then and from

thenceforthe it shall be lawfull for the greater number of the saide Comissioners to appointe to pclaime the saide

Partie a Banckerupt at such publike place or places where the saide Comissioners or the greater parte of them shall thinke meete, warninge him her or them to appeare before them upon the saide Comission at some tyme appoynted ; And that if upon five severall Pclamations made in some publike place the partie offendinge appeare not before the saide Comissioners and yelde his her or theire Bodies to them or some of them, the saide Comissioners or the greater parte of them shall or may awarde a Warrant to such fit pson or psons as they thinke meete to apprehend the Bodie and Bodies of the saide Offendor and Offendors and to bringe hym her or them so offendinge before the saide Comissioners wheresoever the saide Partie or Parties offendinge may be founde, in place priviledged or not, to be

examined by the saide Comissioners or the greater parte of them: And that it shall be lawfull for the saide

Comissioners or the greater parte of them to examine the saide Offendor or Offendors upon such Interrogatories touchinge the Landes Tenementf Goodes Chattels Debts Bils Bonds Bookes of Account and such other things as may tende to disclose his her or theire Estate, or the secret Grauntf Conveyances and eloyninge of his her or theire Landes Tenementf Goods Money and Debts as they shall thinke meete. And that if therein the Offendor or Offendors shall refuse to be examined or to answer fullie to everie Interrogatorie to hym to be ministred by the said Comissioners or the greater parte of them, it shall be lawfull for the saide Comissioners or the greater parte of them to comit the saide Offendor or Offendors to some straite or close Imprisonment, there to remaine untill hee shee or they shall better conforme hym or herselfe: And that if upon his her or theire Examination, it shall appeare that he shee or they have comitted any wilfull or corrupte Pjurie tendinge to the hurte or damage of the Creditors of the saide Bankerupte to the value of Tenne Poundes of lawfull money of England or above, the Partie so offendinge shall or may thereof bee indicted in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde, and beinge lawfullie convicted thereof, shall stande upon the Pillorye in some publike place by the space of Two Houres, and have one of his Eares nailed to the Pillorie and cut off.

And whereas by the former Statute made in the saide thirtenth yeere of the Raigne of the late Quene Elizabeth, the Comissioners for Bankeruptf have power given to them to sende for such pson or psons as the Creditors shall knowe suppose or suspecte to have deteine or keepe any parte of the Money Goods Chattels or Debts of the saide Offendor or Offendors, or to be indebted to the saide Offendor or Offendors, to be examined by the saide Comissioners, as by the same Statute appeareth, but have not good meanes or remedie by Imprisonment or other Penaltie to peure the person so sente for by them to appeare before them, nor havinge appeared before them to make answere upon his Othe to suche Interrogatories as shall be ministred unto hym by the saide Comissioners, for and upon the specialtie certaintie true declaration and knowledge of such Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Goods Debts or other Things of any suche Offendor or Offendors as be or shalbe, or which shalbe suspected to be in his Custodie Use or Possession, or in the Custodie Use or Possession of any other to his Knowledge, and of all Debts owingc to or for the benefite of such Offendor or Offendors, by hymselfe or by any other to his Knowledge, so as many tymes a great parte of the Offendor or Offendors Landes Tenementf Hereditamentf Goods Chattels or Debts, which by the true intent of the saide Statute should be imployed to the Satisfaction of the Creditors of the Offendor or Offendors, are concealed or deteined in the handes of such pson and psons as refuse to come, or beinge come refuse to be sworne before the saide Comissioners, to bee examined in that behalfe, to the greate encouragement of all Banckruptf and theire wicked confederates and accessaries, and to the greate hinderance of the juste remedies of the Creditors of the saide Banckeruptf, for theire true and juste Debts to them owinge : For remedie whereof be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That if any pson or psons beinge knowen, supposed or suspected to have or detaine any parte of the Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf Goods Chattels or Debts of the saide Banckrupt, or to be indebted to or for the benefit of the saide Bankrupte, shall after lawfull warninge to the saide pson or psons given, to come before the saide Comissioners, or the greater parte of them, to be examined accordinge to the intent of the saide Statute, refuse to come, or shall not come before the saide Comissioners at the tyme appointed, havinge no lawfull impediment such as shall be admitted and allowed of by the saide Comissioners, or the more parte of them, and which shalbe then signified or made knowne to the saide Comissioners at the tyme of theire assemblie, or that any suche person or psons havinge knowledge or warninge of any other assemblie or meetinge of the saide Comissioners, againe shall not come and appeare before them at such tyme as hee or shee lawfullie may come, having no suche lawfull impediment as shall be then made knowne to the saide Comissioners, and by them admitted and allowed of as aforesaide, or beinge come before them, shall refuse to be sworne, and to make answere to suche Interrogatories as shall be ministred unto hym or them accordinge to the true intent and meaninge of the saide Statute made in the saide thirteenth yeere of the Raigne of our saide late Sov’aigne Ladie Queene Elizabeth or of this psent Acte, That then it shall be lawfull for the saide Comissioners, or for the greater parte of them, to comit to such Warde and Prison as to them or to the greater parte of them shall be thought meete, all such pson and psons as shall so refuse to be sworne, and make answere to suche Interrogatories as shalbe so ministred as aforesaide, and also to directe theire Warrantf to such pson or persons as to them or the greater parte of them shall be thought meete, to apprehend and arrest such pson or persons as shall refuse to come & appeare before them as aforesaide, and to bringe hym her or them before the saide Comissioners, or the greater parte of them, to be examined as abovesaide, and upon his her or theire refusall to come, or to be examined before the saide Comissioners as aforesaid, to comit the saide partie so refusinge to such Prison as the saide Comissioners or the greater parte of them shall thinke meete, theire to remaine without Baile or Mainprise untill such tyme as the saide

GO glC

A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 15.

1033

pson so refusinge to come, or to be sworne to answere before the saide Comissioners, shall submyt hym or her selfe to the saide CSmissioners, and to be by them examined accordinge to the true intent of the saide Statute and of this Psent Acte.

Provided alwaies, That such Witnesses as shall be so sent for shall have such Costes and Charges as the Comissioners in theire discretion shall thinke fit, the same Charges to be ratablie borne by the Creditors of the saide Bankrupt, according to the ^portion of each of theire severall Debts; And if any pson or psons other then the Bankrupt, either by Subornation Unlawfull Pcurement Sinister pswation or Meanes of any others, or by his owne Acte Consent or Agreement shall wilfullie and corruptlie comit any manner of wilfull Perjurie by his Deposition to be taken before the saide Comissioners, or the greater parte of them, as aforesaide, that then the partie or parties so offendinge, and all and everie pson and psons that shall unlawfullie and corruptlie pcure any such unlawfull wilfull and corrupt Perjurie, shall or may therefore be indicted in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde, and after his or theire Conviction thereof shall incurre such Forfeiture, and receive and suffer such Paynes and Punishment as are limited by the Statute made conceminge Perjurie, in the fifte yeere of the Reigne of oure late SoPaigne Ladie Queene Elizabeth.

And be it further enacted, That all and everie some and sumes of Money which shall be forfeited by force of this psent Acte, shall be sued for and recovered by the saide Creditors onelie, or any of them that will sue for the same by Action of Debte Bill Plainte or Information in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde, and the sume or summes of Money so recovered, the Charges of Suite beinge deducted, shall be distributed and divided toward f the payment of the saide Creditors of the Banckrupt.

And for that the power and authoritie given to the Comissioners of Bankruptf touchinge the Debts due to the saide [ Banckruptf' ] is not so full and pfecte as that the full benefitt thereof in due course mighte be imployed to the use of the saide Creditors as was intended: For Remedye thereof be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That the Comissioners of Banckruptes, or the greater parte of them, shall have power to graunt and assigne, or othexwise to order or dispose all or any of the Debts due or to be due to or for the benefitt of the saide Bankerupt, by what pson or psons soever, or in what manner & forme soever, to the use of the Creditors of the saide Bankerupte accordinge to the true intente of the saide former recited Statute of Banckruptf; and that the same Graunte Assignement or Disposition of the saide Debts in forme aforesaide, to be made by the saide Comissioners, or to the greater parte of them, shall so vest the Ppertie Right and Interest of the saide Debte and Debts in the pson or psons of hym her or them to whome it shall be granted assigned or ordered by the saide Comissioners, or the greater parte of them, as fullie to all intentf and purposes as if the saide Bill Band Bands Statutf Recognizances Judgment or Contracte whereupon the saide Debte or Debts Deede or Deedes shall arise or growe, had bene made to or with or for the saide person or psons to whome the same shalbe so granted assigned or disposed by the saide Comissioners; and that after suche Graunte Assignement or Disposition made of the saide Debts, that neither the Bankrupt nor any other to whome any suche Debte shall be due, shall have power to recover the same, nor to make any Release or Discharge thereof, neither shall the same be attached as the Debte of the Banckrupte, or suche saide other person or psons to whome the same shall be due by any other pson or psons, accordinge to the Custome of the Citie of London or otherwise, but that the partie or parties to whome the same Debts shalbe soe assigned, shall have like remedie to recover the same, as fullie and lawfullie in the name or names of the pson or persons to whome the same shall be so granted assigned or ordered by the saide Comissioners in all respects and purposes as the partie himselfe might have had; Any Lawe Statute Use or Custome to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided alwaies, That no Debtor of the Bankrupte be herebie indangered for the payment of his or her Debte, truelie and bona fide to any such Bankrupte, before such tyme as he shall understande or knowe that he is become a Bankrupte.

Provided also, and be it further enacted, That such of the saide Comissioners as shall put the saide Comission in execution, shall upon lawfull requeste to them made by the saide Banckrupte, not onelie make a true declaration to the saide Banckruptf, of the employinge and bestowinge of his her or theire saide Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf Offices Fees Goods Wares Money Cattels and Debts which shalbe paide and satisfied to theire saide Creditors, as is in like case limitted or appointed by the saide former Statute made in the saide thirteenth yeere of the saide late Queenes Majesties Raigne, but also make payment of the overplus of the same, if any such shalbe, to the saide Banckruptf theire Executors Administrators and Assignes; and that the saide Banckruptf after the full satisfaction of the saide Creditors, shall have full power and authoritie to recover and receive the Residue and Remainder of the Debts to them owinge; Any thinge in this Acte conteined to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

Be it further enacted, That if any Action of Trespasse or other Suite shall happen hereafter to be brought againste any Comissioner authorised by the Statute made in Decimo 9cio of our late Sov^aigne Ladie Queene Elizabeth for Bankruptf or any other person or psons havinge authoritie by vertue or under the Comission authorizinge the saide Comissioner for the doinge or executinge of any matter by force of the saide Statute or this psent Statute, that the Defendant or De mdantf in any such Action or Suite may pleade Not guiltie or otherwise justifie, that the Acte or Thinge whereof the Plaintiffe or Plaintifes complained was done by the authoritie of the saide Acte made in the thirteenth of Elizabeth or in this psent Acte respectivelie, without expressinge or rehearsall of any other matter of circumstance conteyned in either of the saide Acts, and without inforcinge hym or them to shew for the their Comission authorisinge the saide Acte or Thinge, whereunto the Plaintife shalbe admitted to replie, that the Defendant

VI.

Witnesses, allowed their Charges;

Guilty of Perjury shall be punished as under Stat.

5 Eli?., c. 9.

VII. Forfeitures recoverable. See. only by Creditors.

VIII.

For increasing Power of Commissioners as to Debts due to Bankrupts,

Such Debts shall be assigned by Commissioners, and recoverable only by their Assignee.

IX.

Debtor not liable without Notice of Bankruptcy.

X.

Commissioners shall declare to the Bankrupt how they have bestowed his Lands and Goods, &c.

XI.

In Actions against Commissioners they may plead the General Issue.


12 G

A.D. 1603-4.

1034

xii.

Commissioners shall proceed to execute the Commission, though the Bankrupt die.

No Waterman on the Thames shall take any Apprentice, unless he has served Five Years.

Apprentices shall be 18 Years of Age, and bound for Seven Years:

Penalty j£io.

II.

Proviso for Sons of Watermen being 16 Years old.

III.

Orders of the Company of Watermen shall be read at their Hall Twice a Year.

1° Jac. I. c. 15, 16.

did the saide Facte supposed in the Declaration of his owne wronge, without any such cause alledged by the saide Defendant, whereupon the Yssue in suche Action shalbe joyned to be tried by the verdict of twelve Men, and upon the Trail of that Issue, the whole Matter to be given on bothe parties in Evidence accordinge to the verie trueth of the same ; And if Verdicte upon such Yssue shall passe for the Defendant, the Defendant to have his Costs.

Pkovided alwaie? and be it further enacted, That after any Comission of Banckruptf hereafter sued for the and dealt in by the Comissioners, the Offendour hapned to die before the Comissioners shall distribute the Goods Lands and Debts of the Offendours or any of them by force of the foresaide Statute of the thirteenth yeere of the Raigne of our late Sov'aigne Ladie Queene Elizabeth and this Statute or either of them, that then neverthelesse the saide Comissioners shall and may in that case pceede in Execution in and upon the said Comission for and conceminge the Offendors Goods Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and Debts, in such sorte as they might have done if the Partie Offendor were livinge.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte concerninge Wherrymen and Watermen.

FORASMUCH as it hathe often happened that divers and sundrie people passinge by Water upon the River of Thames betweene Windsore and Gravesend, have byn put in greate hazarde and danger of the losse of theire Lives and Goods, and many tymes have perished and bin drowned in the saide River through the unskilfulnese and wante of knowledge or experience in the Wherrymen or Watermen that did transporte or carrie them and theire saide Goods from place to place upon the saide River in Wheriies Tiltboatf and Barges; And for that hetherto there hathe not bene any sufficient ^vision had and made for Remedie herein, Be it now enacted and established by the Kings moste excellent Majestie the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoride of the same, That from henceforth no Wherriman or Waterman that now is or that hereafter shalbe, and shall rowe upon the saide River of Thames, and shall transporte or carrie any Passengers or Goods in any Wherries Tiltboatf or Barges (other then Westerne Barges Milboatf and all other Vessells ordinarilie servinge for other uses then the carryinge of Passengers) shall retaine or take any Servaunt or Apprendse to serve hym as a Waterman upon the saide River, unlesse the saide Wherryman or Waterman that so shall retaine take or have any such Servant shall have bene an Apprendse to a Wherryman or Waterman by the space of Five Yeeres before such retayninge: And further, That no Wherriman or Waterman that now is or that hereafter shall be upon the saide River of Thames, shall retaine have keepe or take any person or psons to serve hym to row upon the saide River as his Apprendse unlesse the saide pson so to be retained or to become an Apprendse shall then be of the Age of eighteene yeeres at the leaste, and shalbe retained and bound to his Maister to serve upon the saide River for and during the tearme of seaven yeeres at the least, upon paine that everie person or persons doinge the contrarie shall from tyme to tyme for everie such Offence forfeite the some of tenne pounds of lawfull Englishe Money, the one halfe whereof shalbe unto our saide Sov’aigne Lorde the Kinge his Heires and Successors, and the other halfe unto any pson or psons that will sue for the same in any of the Courts of Recorde of our saide Sov'aigne Lorde the King his Heires or Successors by Action of Debte Bill Plainte or Information, in which no Wager of Lawe Essoigne Protecdon or other Delay shall be admitted or allowed.

Provided alwaies. That this Acte nor any thinge therein conteyned shall extend to the sonne or sonnes which now are, or hereafter shalbe, of any Wherriman or Waterman abovesaide, (beinge of the age of Sixeteene yeres at the leaste and of convenient growth and strength,) that formerlie hathe byn, or that hereafter shalbe trayned and brought up in rowinge, or have or hathe accustomed to rowe upon the saide River, and there have used or shall use to transporte or carrie Passingers from place to place; but that all and everie suche sonne or sonnes shall and may from tyme to tyme from henceforth be admitted and allowed to serve, and may serve upon the saide Ryver, and there transporte or carrie Passingers from place to place as an Apprendse, as heretofore they have donne; Any thinge in this Acte conteyned to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted and established by the authoride aforesaide, That the Eight Overseers or Rulers or the Societie or Company of Wherrymen or Watermen that now are, and that from tyme to tyme hereafter shalbe, from henceforth twise in everie yere, that is to say, upon the firste day of September, and upon the firste day of Marche, shall openlie reade and publishe, or cause openlie to be read and published in the Hall or Place of their comon Assemblie, where they usuallie either have or hereafter shall appointe to assemble and meete together, all and everie the Consdtudons and Orders alreadie made by them, or that at any tyme hereafter shall be made by the Overseers and Rulers for the good or better orderinge or government of the saide Wherrymen or Watermen, upon paine that everie of them shall from tyme to tyme for everie such offence forfeite to our saide Sov'aigne Lorde the Kinge, his Heires and Successors, the sume of Sixe poundes thirteene shillingf and foure pence of lawfull Englishe monye, the one halfe whereof shall be to our SoPeigne Lorde the Kinge, his Heires and Successours, and the other halfe thereof unto any pson or psons that will sue for the same in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde, by Action of Debte Suite Bill Plainte or Information, wherein no Wager of Lawe Essoine or other Delaye shalbe admitted or allowed.


A.D. 160S-4.

rjAc.i. c. 17

1035

CHAPTER XVII.

An Actb for the better execution of the former Lawes touchinge the makinge of Hats and Felts, and for the more restrainte of unskilful! and deceivable Workmanshippe therein used, to the Wronge of all Sortes of the People of this Realme.

WHEREAS in the Parliament by Progation holden at Westminster the laste day of September in the eight yeere of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth Queene of England, there was made one Statute, intituled An Acte for the true makinge of Hats and Caps, by one Branche whereof it was enacted, That no person or psons by him or her selfe or any other shoulde after the Feaste of the Nadvitie of St. John Baptist then nexte cominge make or worke any Felt or Hat of or with any forraine Wooll or Stuffe, unlesse such pson should first have bene Apprentice or Covenant Servant to such Misterie of Hatte and Felte makinge, by the space of Seaven yeeres at the leaste, upon paine to forfeite all such Hattf or Feltf as he should make or cause to be made, while he

worketh contrarie to the forme of the saide Acte, and Five poundes in money for everie moneth that he should so

contynue, as by the saide Acte (amongst divers other things therein contayned) more plainlie may appeare: Forasmuch as by the saide Acte no parte of the Forfeitures or Penalties for such as set up and doe exercise the saide Arte of Hat and Felt makinge, and have not been Apprentise or Covenant Servant thereunto by the Space of Seaven yeres, nor no Penaltie nor Forfeiture at all for takinge of Apprentises or Covenant Servantf contrarie to the tenor of the saide Acte is given or appointed to any cdmon person that would sue for the same; the execution of the s&ide Acte hath bene whollie neglected, and the same in theis Two Branches [ havel ] bene likewise transgressed, and divers psons that never were Apprentises to the saide Arte, and some that have served but onelie some fewe yeeres therein, have taken upon them to set up and excise the same Arte, and retaine greate numbers of Apprentises, who daylie goe awaye from theire Masters, and before theire tearmes be ended, and being unskilfull, doe make and put to sale greate Quantities of Hats and Feltf verie falslie and deceitfullie made and wrought, to the greate damage of his Majesties moste lovinge Subjects : For Reformation whereof be it enacted by the Kings moste excellent Majestie the

Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall, and the Cdmons in this fPsent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of

the same, That from and after sortie dayes next ensuinge the end of this {Psent Session of Parliament, the moytie or one halfe parte of all and everie the Forfeitures and Penalties conteyned in the same former Acte, that shall arise or growe due after the end of the saide Fortie dayes next ensuinge the end of this Session of Parliament, and also the moytie or one halfe parte of all and everie the Forfeitures and Penalties hereafter limitted and appointed in and by this jPsent Acte, shall be to our Sov«rigne Lorde the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors, and thother moytie or halfe parte thereof to such person or psons as will sue for the same, by Action of Debte Bill Plainte or Information to be commenced or brought or psecuted in any Courte of Recorde, wherein no Essoine Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed for the Defendant.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That no person or psons from and after the saide sortie dayes, shall make or cause to be made any Felt or Hatt of or with any Wooll or Stuffe whatsoev1, unlesse he or they shall have firste served as Apprentises in the foresaide Trade or Arte of Felt makinge duringe the space of seaven yeeres at the leaste, neither shall they retaine and set to worke in the saide Arte any other person or psons then Journeymen that have lawfullie served in that Arte, and Apprentises lawfullie bounde in the said Trade or Arte, nor above the number of two Apprentises at one tyme, nor those for any lesse terme then seven yeeres, upon paine to forfeite Five poundes for everie moneth that he shall contynue offendinge contrarie to the true meaninge of this Acte, to be recovered to the uses and in manner aforesaide.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no person or psons from and after the saide sortie dayes shall retaine or set on worke in the said Arte of Hat or Feltmakinge, any pson or psons borne out of his Majesties Realmes and Domynions of England Scotland and Ireland, upon paine to forfeite Five poundes for everie moneth wherein such pson or persons shall so offend contrarie to the meaninge of this Acte, and to be recovered to the uses, and in manner and forme aforesaide.

Provided alwaies, That nothinge in this Acte or in the saide former Acte conteyned shall extend to charge any person or psons lawfullie exercisinge the said Arte, with any paine or forfeiture for settinge or usinge his or theire owne naturall sonne or sonnes to the makinge or workinge of Hats or Felts in his or theire owne House or Houses, so as everie such sonne or sonnes be bounde by Indenture or Apprentisehood for the tearme of seven yeeres at the leaste, which tearme shall not be to expire before he shalbe of the full age of two and twentie yeeres; Any thinge abovesaide to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided alwaies, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That everie Felt-maker that now is, and by the space of one yeere laste paste before the beginninge of this p>sent Parliament, was a Maker or Worker of Feltf, and beinge an Housholder, and all such as now are Apprentises Covenant Servant or Journeyman in the same Arte or Misterie of Felt-makinge, so as the same Apprentise serve the residue of seaven yeeres at the leaste, shall or may duringe such persons naturall Life continue makinge of Hats and Felts, albeit the same pson were not bound Apprentise to the same Arte for the space of seaven yeeres ; Any thinge in this Acte or elswhere to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

' hath O.

Recital of Sut.

8 Eliz. c. ii. m to Hatter*, See.

Half the Penalties, under that Act and this, given to the Informer.

II.

None shall make Hat* who have not served an Apprenticeship:

Penalty £$ per Month.

III. Aliens shall not be employed in Hat-making.

iv.

Proviso for Sons of Hat-makers.

V.

Proviso for existing Felt-maker*, ice.

qi t>

1036

1° Jac. I. c. 18, 19

A.D. 1603‘4.

CHAPTER XVm.

An Acte for avoydinge of deceiptfull sellinge buyinge or spendinge corrupte and unwholesome Hoppes.

Frauds in the Importation of Foreign Hops j

Foreign Hops, not being clean, &c. forfeited.

FORSOMUCH as of late greate Fraudes and Deceits are generallie practised and used by Foreigners Merchantf Straungers and others in foreine parts beyonde the Seas, in the false packinge of all forreine Hoppes brought into this Realtne of England from forreine parts, by way of Merchandize here to be uttered and soulde, with Leaves Stalkes Powder Sande Strawe, and with Loggettf of Wood Drosse and other Soile in verie many Sackf of Hoppes, for encrease of the Waight thereof, sellinge the same together for so muche Money as the Hoppes are solde for, to the inritchinge of themselves by Deceipte; by meanes of which fals packinge of forraine Hoppes the Subjects of this Realme have bene of late yeeres abused and deceived unto the value of Twentie thousande poundes yeerlie at the leaste, besides the danger of the Subjects Healthes, for that in many Sackf of forreine Hoppes there is not founde scarce one Thirde Parte to be good and cleane Hoppes, the reste beinge Drosse and Soile: For reformation whereof be it therefore enacted by our Sov'aigne Lorde the Kinge, and by the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall and Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, That if any Forreiner Stranger native Englishmen Denizen Merchant or any other pson or psons whosoever, do at any tyme or tymes from or after the Feaste of St. Michaell the Archangell next cominge after the end of this p>sem Session of Parliament, bringe or canse to be brought into this Realme of England, out from any other forraine Realme or Dominions from beyond the Seas, any Hoppes beinge deceitfullie or corruptlie uncleane corrupte or mixte with any Powder Duste Drosse Sand or any other Soile whatsoever, that everie pson so offendinge therein contrarie to this Acte, shall forfeite the same Hoppes so brought into this Realme.

II.

Brewers using such Hops shall forfeit the Value thereof.

And for the better avoidinge of the danger of Sicknesse by usinge of the false packed uncleane and corrupt Hoppes: Be it therefore further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That if any Brewer of Beere or Ale, or any other pson which shall buy the same Hoppes so brought from beyond the Seas, or growinge within this Realme, and shall imploy and spende the same about the makinge or brewinge of Beere or Ale to be solde, beinge uncleane corrupt or mixte with any Powder Duste Drosse Sande or any other Soile whatsoever, everie person so offendinge therein contrarie to the intent of this Acte, shall in like sorte forfeite for the same Offence the value of those Hoppes soe bought imployed or spent in brewinge; the one moietie of all which Forfeitures shall be to our Sov'aigne Lorde the Kinge his Heires and Successors, the other moytie thereof to hym or them that will seize the same, or sue for the same by Bill Plainte Information or Action of Debte in any of the Kings Courts of Recorde, in which no Essoigne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed &c.

Continuance This Acte to contynue to the ende of the firste Session of the next Parliament,

of this Act.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte for the well garblinge of Spices.

Abuiei by not garbling Spices.

All Spices garbleable in London, shall be garbled before Sale, on Pain of Forfeiture.

WHEREAS heretofore greate Deceiptf and Abuses have bene comitted in utteringe sellinge and puttinge to sale of sundrie sortes of uncleane corrupt and mingled Spices Druggf Wares and other Merchandizes garbleable, to the jeopardie of his Majesties person, and of his Subjects usinge the same in theire Meates Drinkes and other needfull Occasions, and to the greate Deceipte Losse and Hinderance of such of his Majesties Subjects as shall buy the same: For Remedie whereof be it ordeined and enacted by the Kings moste excellent Majestie the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the C5mons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same, That from and after the laste day of September nexte ensuinge the end of this Session of Parliament, all Spices Wares Druggf and other Merchandizes garbleable ; that is to say, Pepper Cloves Mace Nutmegs Cynamon Ginger Longpepper Worme-seedes Cominseedes Annyseedes Colianderseedes Bynnypepper Almondf Dates Galles Gummes of all sortes and kindes garbleable. Spikenard Galingall Turmericke Setwell Cassia Fistula Ginniepepper Senie Barbieries Rise Erius Stavisaker Calamus Fennycricke Cassia Lignum Graines Carrowayseedes, and all other Spices Druggf Wares and other Merchandizes that have bene usuallie garbled, or ought to be garbled cleansed severed sorted or divided in the Citie of London and the Liberties thereof, shall for the Fees usuallie allowed in that behalfe, be sufficientlie clensed severed garbled and devided, and afterwards sealed by the Garbler thereunto appointed for the tyme beinge, or by his sufficient Deputie or Deputies, Servant or Servantf, before that the same or any parte thereof shalbe soulde, upon paine of forfeiture of all and everie such Spices Druggf Wares and other Merchandizes, or the value thereof which shall be so sould.

II.

Spices mixed after being garbled, may be seized.

And be it furthermore enacted by authoritie aforesaide. That if any the saide Spices Druggf Wares and other Merchandizes shall be mixed with any Garbles Matter or Thinge whatsoev1, after such tyme as the same shalbe firste garbled sepated or divided by the Garbler thereunto appointed, or by his sufficient Deputie or Deputies Servant or Servantf, and sealed as aforesaide, that then the saide Spices Druggf Wares and other Merchandizes, or the value thereof, shalbe wholie forfeited.

.Z).1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 19, 20.

1037

k

N

S

k

IN


N


S»

N

h

k

N


i.

P

ii

i

s

i

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, that for the better and more true executinge of this IIT.

Acte it shall and may be lawfull to and for the saide Garbler of Spices Druggf and Merchandizes, within the S»re^r>»nd,n*y saide Citie of London and Liberties thereof for the tyme beinge, and to and for his Deputie or Deputies Assigne f»rble Spices, or Assignes, by vertue of this Acte at all and everie tyme and tymes in the day tyme, to enter into any Shoppes Warehouses or Sellers within the saide Citie or Liberties thereof, wherein any such Drugges Spices Wares or Merchandizes bought or sould or mixed contrarie to the true meaninge hereof, which have bene accustomed to be garbled, shall be or shall be suspected to be, and there to view see and search the same; and if he or they shall finde any such Spices Druggf Wares or Merchandizes there ungarbled, which have bene accustomed to be garbled, then and so often it shalbe lawfull to and for the saide Garbler, and his Deputie or Deputies, Assigne or Assignes, to garble, or to cause his or theire Servantf to garble and make cleane the same \ the one moitie Application of all forfeitures in this Acte mentioned, to be to our saide So9aigne Lorde the Kings Majestie, his Heires and ur*'

Successors, and the other moytie to him or them that will sue for the same by Action of Debte Bill Plainte or Information to be psecuted in any Courte or Courts of Recorde within the Realme of England, in which Suite no Essoine Protection Wager of Lawe Writt of Priviledge or Injunction shalbe allowed.

(1) Provided alwaies, and be it enacted by authoritie of this pWnt Parliament, That if any Merchant, or any p6on proviio for or peons (other then Merchantf Alien, or made or to be made Denizen) shall bringe any Spices Druggf or other Spice* re-exported. Merchandizes that be garbleable within this Realme, and shall not offer the same to sale or sell the same within this Realme, but shall bona fide, and without Fraude or Covine reserve or retaine the same unsolde to be transported againe out of the Realme, and shall transpose the same within eight moneths, to be accompted from his firste landing or arrival, with suche Spices Drugges or other Merchandizes garbleable by the pvision and intention of this Acte, that for such Spices Drugges and Merchandizes soe to be transported ungarbled, and not solde within this Realme, no Penaltie mentioned in this Statute shall be forfeited or incurred by any person or psons (other then Merchantf Alien or Denison as aforesaide); Any thinge herein before contained to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XX.

An Act for redresse of certaine Abuses and Deceiptf used in Paintinge.

XT THE RE AS the Arte or Misterie of Painters is an ancient Arte and Misterie, and hath tyme oute of mynde T V bene an ancient Companie and Felowshipp within the Citie of London, and of late upon due considerations, the Freemen of the saide Citie of that Facultie Arte or Misterie (by Letters Patentf under the greate Seale of England, dated at Westminster the nyneteenth day of Julye in the three & twentieth yeere of the Raigne of Queene Elizabeth) were incorporate by the name of Maister Wardens and Cdmunalde of the Freemen of the Are or Misterie of Painters, comonlie called Painters Steinors, within the Citie of London and the Suburbes and Liberties of the same Citie: And furthermore by the saide Letters Patentf it is phibited enjoyned and edmaunded, that no pson or persons, of whatsoever Estate Degree or Condition they were, should use exercise or occupie the sayd Arte or Misterie of Painters comonlie called Paynters Steynors, or any Worke or Workes Colour or Colours Paintinge or Paintinges in the saide Arte or Misterie occupied, unlesse such person or persons before that tyme had bene brought up and instructed or should from that tyme forwardes be brought up and instructed by or with some one person of the saide Arte or Misterie as an Apprentice, by the space of Seven yeeres at the leaste: And whereas for the avoydinge of Deceipte to be used in the saide Arte or Misterie of Paintinge, the saide late Queene by the foresaide Letters Patentes, did graunte unto the saide Master and Wardens, and to their Successors, that they should have full power and authoritie for ever to make or cause to be made due searche of all and singuler the Workes Colours Paintingf and other thinges whatsoever to the saide Arte or Misterie of Paintinge in any wise appertayninge or touchinge or conceminge the same, as well upon the Freemen of the saide Mysterie, as upon any person or psons whatsoever, sellinge makinge or workinge the same within the Citie of London, or the Liberties or Suburbes of the same; And the saide Workes Colours and Paintingf whatsoever, soe deceitfullie made to seize and take awaye, and the offendors therein to punishe and correcte as by the same Letters Patentf more at large it dothe and may appeare: And whereas the Plaisterers within the Citie of London, of olde tyme usinge nothinge but lathinge dawbinge plaisteringe and lyminge did and yet doe procure therebie for themselves and theire saide Families a convenient livinge and mainetenance ; yet not satisfied with that reasonable livinge that they doe make of theire saide pper Faculties and Trades, wherewith and wherein they have byn brought uppe as Apprentises, have now of late used and practised the Arte and Misterie of Painters Steynors, as well with Oyle Colours as Size Colours, and that since the makinge of the said Letters Patentf more usuallie then in former tymes they have used or did : Wherebie not onlie many of the said Arte and Misterie of Painters, who have well and honestlie as Apprentises to the same, served for the space of seven yeeres and upwardes, and by their Labours and Industries have attained to the full and pfecte skill and knowledge thereof are not only disabled to get any competent Livinge thereby, for the reliefe of themselves, theire poore Wives and Children, but alsoe for that the saide Plaisterers not having byn trained up in the saide Arte or Misterie of Paintinge, neither can or doe make any such good Worke, or suche sure and pfecte Colours as others havinge

' This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

The Company of Painters, or Painters-Suiners, of London incorporated 19 July, 23 Eliz (

by Charter, prohibiting Painting by Persona not apprenticed;

with Power ui the Maater and Warden* for Search of Colour*, ire.

Intrusion of Plaisterers into the Business of Painting

1

1038 1° Jac. 1. c. 20, 21. 1603-4.

No PUUterer, or Perron employed by a Plaisterer, shall use the Art of Painting in London, unless he be the Servant or Apprentice of a Painter:

Penalty j£y.

beene trained uppe in the same Trade, and Apprentises thereunto, and yet utter the same for good and pfecte Colours, and beinge no Freemen of the saide Companie of Painters Steinors, escape therefore unpunished, to the greate abuse and deceipte of qis Majesties moste lovinge Subjects, and wherebie the saide Arte or Misterie of Painting is likely in such sorte in shorte tyme to decaye, as that there will not be sufficient Workemen of Skill in and aboute the saide Citie to serve in the said Arte his Majestie or any other his Majesties Subjects: For remedie whereof be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That from and after the xxix. day of September,

which shall be in the yeere of our Lorde God one thousand sixe hundreth and sixe nexte cominge after the end

of this psent Session of Parliament, no manner of person or persons, beinge or ptendinge to be a Plaisterer, or hereafter to become or to be a Plaisterer, or beinge or which shalbe a Servant or set on worke by any Plaisterer,

shall use exercise or set uppe the Arte Misterie or manuell Occupation of a Painter, comonlie called a Painter

Steyner, or any pte thereof, in the Citie of London or the Libties or Suburbs of y* the same, or shall within the places aforesaide make any manner of Worke or Workes, or lay anie manner of Colour or Colours Paindnge or Paintingf whatsoev’, in the saide Arte or Misterie of Painters Steiners aforesaide at any tyme heretofore occupied or used, unlesse he or they be or shalbe the Servant or Servantf Apprentise or Apprentices of a Painter, otherwise called a Painter Steiner, or have served or shall serve as an Apprentise or as Apprentises by the space of Seaven yeeres at the leaste to a Painter, otherwise called a Painter Steiner; upon paine that everie such pson or psons as shall hereafter doe or offend contrarie to the true intent and meaninge of this psent Acte, shall forfeit for every tyme that he or they shall so doe or offend the s5me of five poundes of lawfull money of England; the one moytie of all which Forfeitures shalbe to the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to hym or them that will sue for the same in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Record by Action of Debt Bill Plainte or Information ; in which saide Suite no Essoine Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed for the saide Defeudant ; Any Law Usage or Custome heeretofore had or used to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provi.0 for Provided neverthelesse, That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any of the Companie of Plaisterers, or

WhitePUister, &c. theire Servantf or Apprentises, to lay and use Whitinge Blacking Red Leade Red Okar Yellow Okar and Russet with Size. mingled with Size onelie, and not with Oyle; This psent Acte or any thinge therein contained to the contrarie

notwithstandinge.

III.

Wages of Painters.

Provided also. That no Painter, or Painters Servant or Apprentise, shall have or take above sixteene pence by the day for layinge of any flat Colour whatsoever, mingled or mixed with Oyle or Size, upon any Tymber Stone Iron or Leade.

CHAPTER XXI. An Acte againste Brokers.

Ancient Mode of Allowance and Business of Brokers in London)

Origin of Pawnbrokers or Dealers in Apparel, fcc.

FORASMUCH as of longe and ancient tyme by divers hundred yeeres there have ben used within the Citie of London and Liberties thereof, certaine Freemen of the Citie to be selected out of the Companies and Mysteries whereof they are free and Members, and the same persons, to be psented at leaste by sixe approved and knowen honest persons of the same Misterie to the Lorde Mayor of London for the tyme beinge, and to the Aldermen his Brethren, and to be recommended by such Presenters to bee persons for theire knowen approved Honestie Integritie and Faithfulnesse, psons meete for to be Broker or Brokers, and upon such relation made to the Mayor and Aldermen and partlie by their owne Knowledge and diligent Inquiries made of the saide persons, and of their honest Fame Reporte Fidelitie and Skill, have byn thereupon admitted allowed and approved by the Lorde Mayor of the Citie and Aldermen in the Courte of Aldermen, to be Brokers within the saide Citie and Libties of the same, and have taken theire Corporall Oathes before the saide Mayor and Aldermen from tyme to tyme, as they were so Psented and admitted, to use and demeane themselves uprightlie and faithfullie betweene Merchant Englishe and Merchant Strangers and Tradesmen, in the contrivinge makinge and concluding Bargaines and Contractf to be made betweene them concerning their Wares and Merchandizes to be bought and solde and contracted for within the Citie of London, and Moneys to be taken up by Exchange betweene such Merchant and Merchants and Tradesmen, and these kinde of psons so psented allowed and sworne to be Brokers as aforesaide have had and borne the Name of Brokers, and bene knowen called and taken for Brokers, and dealinge in Brokerage or Brokerie, who never of any ancient tyme used to buy and sell Garmentf Houshold stuffe, or to take Pawnes and Billes of Sale of Garmentf and Apparell, and all things that come to hand for Money, laide out and lent upon Usurie, or to keepe open Shoppes, and to make open Shewes, and open Trade, as now of late yeeres hathe and is used by a number of Citizens assuminge unto themselves the name of Brokers and Brokerage, as though the same were an honeste and a lawfull Trade Misterie or Occupation, tearminge and naminge themselves Brokers, whereas in trueth they are not, abusinge the true and honeste ancient name and trade of Broker or Brokerage: And forasmuch as many Citizens Freemen of the Citie, beinge Men of Manu'all Occupation, and Handicraftesmen and others inhabiting and remayninge neere the Citie and Suburbes of the same, have lefte and given over, and daylie doe leave and give over theire handie and manuall Occupations, and have and daylie doe set up a Trade of buyinge and selling and taking to pawne of all kinde of wome Apparell, whether it be olde or little the worse for wearinge, Houshold Stuffe and Goods of what kind soever the same be of, findinge therebie that the same is a more idle and easier kinde of Trade of livinge, and that there riseth and groweth

Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 21, 22

1039

to them a more readie more greate more profitable and speedier Advantage and Gaine then by theire former manuall Labours and Trades did or coulde bringe them: And Forasmuch as the said kinde of counterfeit Brokers, and Pawnetakers upon Usurie, or otherwise for readie Money, are growen of late to many Hundreds within the Citie of London, and other places next adjoyninge to the Citie and Liberties of the same, and are like to increase to farre greater multitudes, being Friperers, and no Brokers, nor exercisinge of any honest and lawfull Trade, and within the memorie of many yet livinge such kinde of persons Tradesmen were verie fewe and of small number : And forasmuch as there are not any Garment? Apparell Housholde Stuffe or other Goods of any kinde whatsoever the same be of, either beinge stollen or robbed from any, or badlie or unlawfullie purloyned or come by, but these kinde of upstarte Brokers, under colour and ptence they be Freemen of the saide Citie of London, or inhabitinge in Westminster, where they pretende to have the like overt Market, as the Citie of I.ondon, and therebie psuminge to be lawfull for them to use and set up the same idle and needlesse Trades, being the verie meanes to uphold maintaine and embolden all kind of lewde and bad psons to robbe and steale, and unlawfullie to get and come by true Mens Goods, knowinge and findinge that no sooner the same Goods can be stollen or unlawfullie come by, but that they shall and may p>sentlie utter vent sell and pawne the same to such kinde of new upstart Brokers for readie Money: For Remedie whereof, and for the avoidinge of the saide Mischiefes and Inconveniences, and for repressinge and abolishinge of the sayd idle and needlesse Trades, and upstart Brokers, and for the avoidinge of Theftes Robberies and Felonies and bad People, and for the repressinge of such kinde of Nourishers and Ayders of Theeves and bad People, and for the defence of honest and true Mens ppties and Interests in theire Goods: Be it enacted and declared by our Sov’aigne Lorde the Kinge, with the assent of the Lordes Spiritual 1 and Temporall and Comons in this psente Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same. That no Sale Exchange Pawne or Morgage of any Jewell Plate Apparell Houshold Stuffe, or other Goods of what kinde nature or qualide soever the same shall be of, and that shall be wrongfullie or unjustlie purloyned taken robbed or stollen from any pson or psons or Bodies Politicke, and which at any tyme hereafter shall be sold uttered delivered exchanged pawned or done awaye within the Citie of London or Liberties thereof, or within the Citie of Westminster in the Countie of Middlesex, or within Southwarke in the Countie of Surrey, or within two miles of the saide Citie of London, to any Broker or Brokers, or Pawne takers, by any way or meanes whatsoever, directlie or indirectlie, shall worke or make any change or alteration of the ppertie or interest, of and from any pson or psons or Bodie Politicke from whome the same Jewels Plate Apparell Houshold Stuffe or Goods were or shalbe wrongfullie purloined taken robbed or stollen; Any Lawe Usage or Custome to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And for the better maintayninge of true and honest dealinge, and for the eschewinge and avoydinge of Falshood Fraude and Deceipte in suche kinde of Brokers and Pawnetakers, Be it furthermore enacted and established by the like authoritie. That if any person or psons or Bodies Politicke, from whome any Jewell? Plate Apparell Houshold Stuffe or any kinde of Goods whatsoev' shall be wrongfullie purloyned taken stollen or robbed, shall require and demaunde of any such Broker or Pawntaker to declare whether any such Goods bee come to his or their Possessions, and to declare shewe and manifeste the same, and howe and by what meanes he had them or came by the same, and howe when and to whome he hath delivered conveyed or bestowed and imployed the same; And that such Broker, upon any such Requeste and Demaund to be made, shall denye and refuse to disclose tell or manifest the same truelie and justlie, shall forfeite unto the true Owner or Owners of such Jewels Plate Apparell Houshold Stuffe and other Goods, from whome the same were wrongfullie purloyned taken stollen or robbed. Double the value thereof that shall be denyed and refused to be disclosed tolde and manifested as aforesaide; The same double value to be recovered by the true Owner or Owners of such Goods from whome the same were wrongfullie purloyned taken robbed or stollen, to be recovered by Action of Debte Bill or Plainte in any of the King? Majesties Courts of Recorde at Westminster, or within the Citie of London; in which no Essoine Wager of Lawe or Protection shalbe allowed.

PnoviDED alwaies, That this Acte nor any thinge therein contayned, shall not be p'judiciall or hurtfull to the ancient Trade of Brokers within the Citie of London, using and exercising the ancient Trade of Brokers, betweene Merchant and Merchant, or other Traders or Occupiers within the saide Citie and the Liberties of the same, beinge selected as aforesaide.

EtU« resulting from their Traffic j

No Sale or Pawn of any stolen Jewels, Plate, or other Goods, to any Pawnbroker in London, Westminster, or Southwark, shall alter the Property therein.

II.

Pawnbrokers refusing to produce Goods to the Owner from whom stolen, shall forfeit Double the Value.

III.

Not to affect Brokers between Merchants, &c.

CHAPTER XXII.

An Acte concerninge Tanners Curriers Shoomakers and other Artificers occupyinge the cuttinge of Leather.

T7 WHEREAS the Lawes and Statutes formerlie established and made for the true and juste taninge curryinge and Former Statutes ▼ V workinge of Leather have not taken that good effecte which was expected, aswell for that divers of the saide L^her"*®. Statutes did not sufficientlie provide for the redresse of those Deceit? and Abuses which have bene and are comonlie insufficient, practised by the Tanners Curriers and Workers of Leather, as for that other of the same Statutes have bene to sharpe and rigorous, tyinge and bindinge the psons occupyinge the severall Misteries or Trades aforesaide, to divers Inconveniences and sundrie Matters and Thing? impossible for them to pforme; by reason of which to muche Stricktnesse and Rigour the same Statutes have not bene put in execution, but have bene in effecte whollie dispensed vrithall: To the intent therefore, that a reasonable and indifferent course, for the true and well tanninge currying and working of Leather may be from henceforthe established and appointed, and yet the psons usinge and occupyinge the


Original from PENN STATE

1040

1° Jac. I. c. 22.

A.D. 1603-4-

Butcher shall not gash Hides; nor water them, except in Summer: nor sell rotten Hides;

II.

Calves shall not be killed under Five Weeks old.

III. Butchers shall not be Tanners.

IV. None shall be Tanners unless duly apprenticed, &c.

V.

Tanners shall not be Shoemakers, he.

VI.

None shall buy raw Hides, except Tanners

Tanners shall not forestall Hides.

VII. None shall buy Leather except Artificers.

VIII. Artificers shall buy at Leadenhall.

Proviso for Sadlers' Waste.

IX.

Regulations for liming and tanning Skint and Hides.

several Crafts and Misteries aforesaide may not be further or more strictlie bounde restrained or limitted then the necessarie regarde of the Comon Wealth and generall Comoditie of all sortes of Subjects within this Realme requireth: Be it enacted by the Kings moste excellent Majestie the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and Comons of this fPsent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, That from and after the Feaste of S' Bartholomewe the Apostle nexte cominge, no Butcher by hymselfe, or by any other pson, shall gash slaughter or cut any Hide of any Oxe Bull Steere or Cowe in flayinge thereof, or otherwise, wherebie the same shall be impaired or hurte, upon paine of forfeiture for everie Hide so gashed slaughtered or cut, twentie pence: And that no Butcher shall water any Hide excepte onelie in the moneths of June Julie and Auguste, nor shall offer or put to sale any Hide being putrified or rotten, upon paine of forfeiture for everie Hide so watered, and for every Hide so putrified or rotten, and offered or put to sale, Three shillings and foure pence.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That no Butcher or other pson or persons after the Feaste of Sainte Bartholomewe nexte coming, shall kill any Calfe to sell beinge under five weekes olde, upon paine to forfeit for everie Calfe so to be killed and solde, Sixe shillingf and eighte pence.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no pson or psons occupyinge the Craft or Misterie of a Butcher, shall after the Feaste of S' Bartholomew the Apostle next cominge, occupie or use by himselfe, or any other person or psons, the Feate Crafte or Misterie of a Tanner, duringe the tyme that he shall use the Crafte or Occupation of a Butcher, upon paine of forfeiture of Sixe shillingf eight pence for every day that he shall so use the Feate Crafte or Misterie of a Tanner.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That no pson or psons shall, from and after the Feaste of Saint Bartholomewe nexte coming, tanne any Leather, or shall use take or have any Profit Gaine or Comoditie of or by the saide Crafte or Misterie of tanninge of Leather, except suche pson or psons as had a Tanhouse at the beginninge of this psent Session of Parliament, and did then occupie the Misterie of taninge of Leather; and except such as have beene or hereafter shall be brought up instructed or taught as Apprentises, or covenant or hired Servantf for that purpose by the space of seven yeeres, in the Misterie of Tanninge of Leather; and except the Wife and such Sonne or Sonnes of a Tanner as hath beene brought up, and hath used the Misterie of tanninge of Leather by the space of foure yeeres, or the Sonne or Daughter of a Tanner, or such person who shall marrie such Wife or Daughter, to whome he hath or shall leave a Tannehouse and Fats, upon paine of forfeiture of all such Leather by hym or them so tanned, or whereof hee or they shall receive any <Pfit or Comoditie by Tanninge, or the juste value thereof.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That no person or psons usinge the Misterie of tanninge of Leather by himselfe or by any other pson or psons, from and after the saide Feast of Saint Bartholomew, shall, duringe that time that he shall use the saide Misterie, occupie or use the Craft or Misterie of a Shoomaker Currier Butcher, or of any other Artificer usinge or exercisinge cuttinge or workinge of Leather, upon paine to forfeite and loose all and everie suche Hide and Hides Skinne and Skinnes so by them or any of them wrought or tanned duringe the tyme that he shall use the Misterie or Crafte of tanninge aforesaide or the juste value thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no person or psons after the Feaste of Saint Bartholomew next cominge shall bargaine buy make any contracte for or bespeake any rough Hide or Calves Skinne in the Haire, but onelie suche pson or persons as by vertue of this Acte may lawfullie use the Crafte or Misterie of tanninge of Leather, and shall tanne the same, or such pson or persons which shall taw the same, (except salt Hides for the necessary use of Ships,) upon paine to forfeite and loose all and everie such Hides and Skinnes so bought or the juste value thereof: And that no Tanner or other person or persons shall forestall any Hides cominge towardes any Faire or Markett, nor shall buy any Hyde any other where then in open Faire or Markett, unlesse it be of such person or psons as shall kill the same Beaste whereof the saide Hide shalbe, for the Provision of his or theire owne House or Houses, upon paine of forfeiture for everie Hide so forestalled or bought contrarie to the true meaninge of this p*sente Acte, Six shillingf Eight pence.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no person or psons shall or may, after the Feaste of the Nativitie of our Lorde God nexte cominge, buy sell bargaine bespeake or take promise to have exchange or put away any tanned Leather, not wrought and converted into made Wares, but onlie suche person and psons as will and shall worke and convert the same Leather into made Wares; upon paine of forfeiture of the Leather so boughte solde exchanged or put away or the value thereof.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That all and everie Artificer and other pson and psons usinge to convert tanned Leather into made Wares, aswell Strangers borne as other, may lawfullie buy all kinde of tanned Leather, to make or convert the same into made Wares, at Leaden Hall in London upon everie Munday, the same being first duelie searched sealed and registered as is heereafter limitted. Provided also, That the Sadlers and Girdlers may sell theire Neckes Shreedes of tanned Leather redde, without incurringe any Paine or Forfeiture for the same.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That after the saide Feaste of S' Bartholomew nexte cominge, no pson or psons whatsoever which shall after the saide Feaste occupie or use by hym or themselves or by any other person or persons the Crafte or Misterie of Tanninge of Leather shall suffer any Hide or Skinne to lye


A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 22.

1041

I

i

i

i

i

i

i

I

i

I

i

I

i

I

I


in the Lymes tyll the same be overlymed j Nor shall put any Hides or Skinnes into any Tanne Fats before the Lyme be well and pfectlie sokened and wrought out of them and everie of them, nor shall use imploy occupie or put by themselves or by any other pson or psons any thinge or Stuffe in or about the workemanshippe or tanning of Leather but onlie Ashe Barke Oake Barke Tapwort Make Meale Lyme Culver Dounge or Hendounge, nor shall willinglie suffer his or theire Leather to be layed or to hange or to lie wett in any Froste untill the same be frozen; Nor shall drie or parche the saide Leather with the heate of the Fyer or the Sommer Sunne; Nor shall tanne or cause to be tanned any Hide or Skynne being putrified or rotten by longe lyinge, either before the puttinge of it into the Lymes or after in the Water or Liquor or by any other meanes; Nor shall suffer the Hides for utter Sole Leather to lye in the Woozes any lesse tyme then Twelve Moneths at the leaste, nor the Hides for upper Leathers in the like Woozes any lesse time then Nyne Monethes at the leaste; Nor shall negligentlie worke the Hides in the Woozes, but shall renewe and make stronge ther Woozes as often as shall be requisite; Nor shall after the saide Feaste of Saint Bartholomew put to sale any tanned Hide or Skynne which shall be after the saide Feaste wrought and tanned in any other sorte then by this Statute is limitted and appointed ; upon paine of forfeiture of every Oxe Hide Bull Hide Steare Hide Cowe Hide or Skinne tanned or wrought and offered to be put to sale contrarie to the true meaning of this fPsent Acte, or the juste value thereof.

And for as much as much dammage hath redounded to the Comon Wealthe by reason that divers Tanners for theire private lucre have used to convert to Sole Leather suche Hides as are altogether insufficient for that use, which Hides they doe raise in the workemanshippe by divers Mixtures, therebie makinge the same to seeme verie stronge and substantiall Leather, whereas the same doeth in the wearinge proove hollowe deceitfull and altogether unprofitable for the Comon wealth: Be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no person or psons usinge or which hereafter shall use the Crafte or Misterie of tanninge of Leather, shall after the saide Feaste of S' Bartholomewe next cominge, raise with any Mixtures any Hide to be imployed and converted to Backes Bend Leather Clowtinge Leather or any other Sole Leather, Excepte the same Hide be for largenesse state and growthe fit and sufficient for that use and purpose; The same to be tried by the Triers hereafter in this p*sent Acte to be appointed, upon paine of forfeiture of all such Hides which shalbe raised and converted to Sole Leather contrarie to the true meaninge of this psent Pvision.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That from the saide Feaste of Saint Bartholomew next cominge no person or psons whatsoever shall put or cause to be put to sale, exchange, or otherwise departe with, any kinde of tanned Leather redde and unwrought, but in open Faire or Markett in the Places therefore comonlie accustomed and therefore prepared, unlesse the same Leather have bene before lawfullie searched and sealed in some open Faire or Markett or other Place lawfullie appointed to and for the searchingc and sealinge of Leather, nor shall after the saide Feaste offer or put to sale any tanned Leather red and unwrought before the same be searched and sealed accordinge to the Lawes and Order of this Statute hereafter mentioned^ upon paine of forfeiture for every Hide or Peece of Leather, so solde exchanged or otherwise departed with contrarie to the true meaninge of this Acte, Sixe Shillingf Eight pence, and for everie Dozen of Calve Skinnes or Sheep Skinnes, Three Shillings Foure Pence, and the Hide or Hides Skinne or Skinnes and Leather in any other wise solde exchanged or bought, or the valew thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any pson or psons usinge or which shall use the Misterie or Facultie of Tanninge, shall at any tyme or tymes hereafter offer or put to sale any kinde of Leather which shalbe insufficientlie or not throughlie tanned, or which shall not then have bene after the tanninge thereof well and thorowlie dried, so that the same by the Triers of Leather lawfullie appointed accordinge to this psent Acte for the tyme beinge shalbe founde to be insufficientlie or not throughlie tanned or not throughlie dried as aforesaide, that then all and everie suche person and psons soe offendinge shall forfeite and loose so much of his or theire saide Leather as shalbe soe founde insufficientlie and not throughlie tanned or not throughlie dryed as aforesaide, That is to say; The whole Hide Backe or Skinne or other Piece of Leather, if the whole be insufficientlie or not throughlie tanned or not throughlie dried; And if the whole Hide Backe Skinne or other Peece of Leather be not sufficientlie or not thoroughlie tanned, or not thoroughlie dried, then onely so much of the Hide Backe Skinne or other Peece of Leather as shall be insufficientlie or not thoroughlie tanned or not thoroughlie dried, the same to be cut out by the ov'sight discretion and direction of the Triers hereafter in this Acte to be appointed upon the Oathe of the saide Triers.

And whereas divers Tanners for greedines of gaine doe overmuch hasten the tanninge of their Leather, and for that purpose doe use divers craftic and subtile Practises, sometimes layinge their Leather in theire Fattes set in theire old Tanhils, where it may be tanned in the hott Woozes, takinge unkinde heate in the same Hill, and sometimes by putting of hot Woozes into their Tanne Fats where the same Hides or Leather lie, by which and other like fraudulent Practises they make theire Leather to seeme bothe faire and well, and sufficientlie tanned within a very shorte space: For Reformation whereof, be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That after the saide Feaste of S’ Bartholomew next cominge, no person or persons shall sett theire Fattf in Tanhils or other Places where the Woozes or Leather that shall be put to tanne in the same shall or may take any unkinde heates or shall put any Leather into any hotte or warme Woozes, or shall tanne any Hide Calve Skinne or Sheepe Skinne with any hote or warme Woozes whatsoev1, upon paine that everie pson so offendinge shall forfeite for every such Offence Tenne Poundes; And shall also for everie such Offence stand upon the Pillorie three Severn 11 Markett Daves in the Marker Towne next to the Place where the saide Offence shall be cumitted.

X.

Insufficient Hide* shall not be applied to Sole-Leather.

XI.

None shall tell Tanned Leather red and unwrought, except in open Market, or after being searched and sealed.

XII. Hides sold by Tanners, being insufficiently tanned, Stc. shall be forfeited.

XIII. Hides shall not be tanned in hot Oozes, &c.

b

1042

1° Jac. I. c. 22.

A.D. 1605-4.

XIV. Bark shall not be regrated or in grossed.

XV.

Oaks shall be felled only in April, May, and June.

XVI. Purveyors shall fell Oaks only in Barking-time, and shall not take Lops, Tops, or Bark thereof.

XVII. Regulations for currying Leather.

XVIII. Leather shall be curried in London, &c. only by Persons free of the Curriers Company.

XIX.

Leather curried in London shall be searched and sealed.

XX. Curriers shall not be Tanners.

And for as much as Barke is of late become verie deare and skarce, whiche happeneth partlie by reason that divers persons do ingrosse and buy greate quantities thereof, and then doe sell the same againe at excessive and unreasonable prises, and partlie by the unseasonable felling of Oake out of the barkinge tyme: Be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no pson or psons shall regrate ingrosse or get into his or their Handes by buyinge contractinge or pmise taken, any Oaken Barke before it be stripped, or after, to the intent to sell the same againe, upon paine of forfeiture of all such Barke so by hym or them regrated ingrossed or bought contrarie to the true meaninge of this psent Branch, or the full value thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no pson or persons shall, from and after the saide Feaste of S‘ Bartholomew nexte cominge, fell or cause to be felled any Oaken Trees meete to be barked, where

Barke is worthe Two shillingf a Carte loade over and above the charges of barkinge and pillinge, (Timber to be

imployed to & for the necessarie and needfull buildinge or reparation of Houses Shippes or Milles only excepted,) but betweene the firste day of Aprill and the laste day of June, upon paine of forfeiture of everie such Oaken Tree so felled, or y* double the value thereof.

And for the better preservation of Tymber, which by the takers of Tymber is spoiled, through the greedie desire of Gaine of the Lops Tops or Barke of Timber Trees, Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no

Taker or Takers Purveyor or Purveyors of Tymber, or his or theire Deputie or Deputies, shall fell or cause to be

felled for the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors, any Oaken Timber Tree or Trees meete to be barked but in barkinge tyme, (Trees to be felled for the needfull and necessarie buildinge or repairinge of any his Majesties Houses or Shippes onelie excepted), or shall in any wise take or receave any manner of Profit Game or Comoditie by any Loppes Toppes or Barke of any Trees, to be taken by them or any of them, or shall in any wise take carrie away give sell or dispose from the Owner any more of any Tree to be taken as is aforesaide, then onlie the Timber of the same Tree or Trees to be used and bestowed or imployed onelie in upon or about the Kings Majesties Buildings or Ships, upon paine of forfeiture to the partie grieved for every Tree, and for the Loppes Toppes or Barke of everie Tree taken contrarie to the meaninge of this Article, sortie shillingf ; and that it be lawfull to the partie of whome such Tree or Trees shall be taken, or to any other for and in his name to take retaine withhold and keepe to himselfe all the Barke Loppe and Toppe of such Tree or Trees j Any Comission or other Matter whatsoever notwithstandinge.

And forasmuch as no Leather can be so well tanned but it may be marred in the curryinge: Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That from and after the Feaste of S' Michaell the Archangell nexte cominge, no pson or psons shall currie any kinde of Leather in the House of any Shoomaker or other person, but onelie in his owne House, situate in a Corporate or Market Towne, nor shall currie any kinde of Leather excepte it be well and pfectlie tanned, nor shall after the saide Feaste of Saint Bartholomew, currie any Hide or Skinne, beinge not thorowlie drie after his wet season, in which wette season he shall not use any Stale Urine or any other deceiptfull or subtill Mixture Thinge Way or Meanes, to corrupt or hurte the same, nor shall currie any Leather meete for utter Sole Leather with any other stuffe then with harde Tallowe, nor of any lesse of that then the Leather will receave, nor shall currye any kinde of Leather meete for over Leather and inner Soles, but with good and sufficient Stuffe, beinge fresh and not salte, and thorowlie liquored till it can receive no more, nor shall burne nor skalde any Hide or Leather in the curryinge, nor shall have any Leather too thinne, nor shall gashe or hurte any Leather in the shavinge, or by any other meanes, but shall worke the same sufficientlie in all points and respects, upon paine of forfeiture for everie such Offence or Acts done contrarie to the true meaninge of this Article, (other then in gashinge or hurtinge in shavinge) sixe shillingf eight pence, and the value of every such Skinne or Hide marred by his evill Workmanshippe, and for everie Offence to be done againste this Article, in gashinge or hurtinge by shavinge, double so much to the partie grieved as the Leather shalbe impaired therebie, by the Judgement of the Wardens of the Curriers, and the Wardens of the Company whereof the partie grieved shall be.

And be it further enacted, That no Cordwainer Shoemaker or other pson or psons, dwellinge or inhabitinge within the Citie of London or the Liberties of the same, or dwellinge within three miles of the saide Citie, and occupyinge wet curried Leather in his Arte or Occupation, shall put or cause to be put any Leather to be curried, but to such pson or psons as be or shall be free of the Companie of the Curriers of the Citie of London, upon paine of forfeiture of all such curried Leather, or the value thereof.

And be it further enacted, That no pson or psons shall by any meanes occupie or put in any made Wares within the Citie of London or three miles of the same Citie, any Curried Leather before the same shall be searched and allowed by the Wardens of the Curriers of London for the tyme beinge, or such psons as they shall thereto assigne, and be sealed with a Seale therefore to bee prepared, upon paine that everie Shoemaker and other Artificer, Cutter of Leather, offendinge againste this Article, shall forfeite for every Hide or Skinne otherwise curried or employed as is aforesaide, sixe shillinges eight pence, and the value of everie such Hide or Skinne.

And be it further enacted, That no pson occupieinge the Feate or Misterie of a Currier shall use or exercise the Feate or Misterie of a Tanner Cordwainer Shoemaker Butcher, or other Artificer usinge cutting of Leather, duringe the tyme that he shall so use or occupie the Misterie of a Currier; upon paine of forfeiture of sixe shillings and eight pence for everie Hide or Skinne that he shall currie duringe the tyme that he shall occupie or use any of the Misteries aforesaid, contrarie to the meaninge of this Article.


i

A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 22.

1043

i

I


i

I

4

H

II

ii

ik

fe

ft


<5

i *

ii

R

k

;>

ii

i

i

ii

i ft

ii

E

Ii

e

fa

ft


c

ii

ft

i

■-

r»


if

ii

ft

AnD further be it enacted, That no Currier or Curriers shall after the saide Feaste of Saint Bartholomew refuse to currie any Leather, to hym or them for that purpose brought by any such Artificer as is or shall be a Cutter of Leather, the same Artificer or his Servant bringinge with him or them good and sufficient Stuffe as is before mentioned for the perfect liquoringe of the same Leather, and that the said Leather in the psence of the saide Artificers Cutters of Leather, his Servant or Servants, (if he or they will be pksent,) shall be liquored and curried in all Things and Degrees pfectlie; and if he or they will not be f?sent, it shall neverthelesse be likewise liquored and curried in his or theire Absence pfectlie, with as convenient Speede as may be, not exceedinge eight dayes in the Sommer, and sixeteene dayes in the Winter, after he shall or may take it in hande, upon paine to forfeite to the partie grieved, for everie Hide and peece of Leather not in this manner curried and well and speedilie dressed, Ten shillingf.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That the Wardens of the Curriers for the tyme beinge, or such persons as they shall assigne and appointe, shall from tyme to tyme search and trie all such curried Leather as shall be brought to any of theire Companie to be curried, and shall with a Seale therefore to be p>pared, with convenient Speede, not exceeding one day after the curryinge and request made, seale such Leather as they shall finde sufficientlie curryed; takinge for everie Hide so sealed, after the rate of a penny for the Dicker, and for everie sixe dozen of Calves Skinnes, one pennie and not above, to be paide by the Curryer, upon paine of forfeiture for every Hide, which shall not be searched and sealed as is aforesaide, sixe shillingf and eight pence.

And forasmuch as Leather well tanned and curried may, by the Negligence Deceite or evill Workmanshippe of the Cordwainer or Shoemaker, be used deceitfullie, to the hurte of the Occupier or Wearer thereof: Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no pson or psons which, after the saide Feast of S' Bartholomew next cominge, shall occupie the Misterie or Occupation of a Cordwainer or Shoemaker, shall make or cause to be made any Bootes Shooes Buskins Startups Slippers or [ Pantofles,1 ] or any parte of them, of Englishe Leather, wet curried, (other then Deere Skinnes Calve Skinnes or Goate Skinnes made or dressed, or to be made or dressed like unto Spanishe Leather) but of Leather well and truelie tanned and curried, in manner and forme aforesaid, or of Leather well and truelie tanned onelie, and well and substantiallie sewed with good Threed well twisted and made, and sufficientlie waxed with waxe well rosoned, and the stitches harde drawen with Hand Leathers, as hathe bene accustomed, without mixinge or minglinge Overleathers, that is to say, parte of the Overleathers beinge of Neates Leather, & parte of Calves Leather, nor shall put into anie pte of anie Shooes Bootes Buskins Startups Slippers or Pantofles any Leather made of a Sheepe Skinne Bull Hide or Horse Hide, nor into the upper Leather of any Shooes Startups Slippers or Pantofles, or into the [neither1 ] parte of any Bootes (the inner parte of the Shooe onelie excepted) any parte of any Hide from which the Sole Leather is cutte, called the Wombes Neckes Shancke Flancke Powle or Cheeke, nor shall put into the utter Sole any other Leather then the beste of the Oxe or Steere Hide, nor into the inner Sole any other Leather then the Wombes Necke Poll or Cheeke, nor in the Treswels of the double soled Shooes, other then the Flancks of any the Hides aforesaide j nor shall make or put to sale in any yeere, betweene the laste of September and the twentieth of Aprill, any Shooes Bootes Buskins Startups Slippers or Pantofles, meete for any person to weare exceedinge the age of foure yeeres, wherein shall be any drie Englishe Leather ; (other then Calve Skinnes or Goate Skins made or dressed, or to be made or dressed like unto Spanishe Leather, or any parte thereof;) nor shall shew to the intent to put to sale any Shooes Bootes Buskins Startups Slippers or Pantofles upon the Sunday; upon paine of forfeiture for everie paire of Shooes Bootes Buskins Startups Slippers & Pantofles made solde shewed or put to sale contrary to the true meaninge of this Acte, three shillingf and foure pence, and the juste and full value of the same.

And be it further enacted for the true execution of this Statute, That the Masters and Wardens of the severall Misteries of Cordweynors Curriours Girdlers and Sadlers of the Citie of London for the tyme beinge, by what name or names soever they be incorporated or intituled, or the more parte of the saide Master and Wardens of everie of the saide severall Misteries, upon paine to forfeite sortie pounde for everie yeere that they may make default, the one halfe thereof to be to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, and the other halfe to hym or them that will sue for the same, shall by vertue of this Acte, foure tymes in the yeere at the leaste, that is to saie, once every quarter of the yeere, or oftener if neede require, as they shall thinke good, make true search and view of and for all Bootes Shooes Buskins and other Wares and Things whatsoever made of tanned Leather, in all and everie House and Houses Place and Places priviledged or not priviledged, as well within the Citie of London and Suburbs thereof as in everie other place within three miles of the same Citie, where any Shoomaker Sadler Girdler Currior or other Artificer, usinge cuttinge workinge or dressinge of Leather, doth or shall dwell or occupie any of the Occupations of cuttinge werkinge or dressinge of Leather, whether the same Bootes Shooes Wares Stuffe and other Things be made of tanned Leather, and be wrought accordinge to the purporte effect and true meaning of this Statute or not, and that it shall and may be lawfiill to and for the saide severall Masters and Wardens of the saide severall Misteries which shalbe for the tyme beinge, to take seize and carie away to theire severall Comon Halles all such Bootes Shooes Wares Stuffe or other Things which the said severall Masters and Wardens shall finde in their severall Searches insufficientlie made curried or wroughte: Provided alwaies. That none of the saide severall Masters and Wardens of the saide severall Companies of Cordweynors Curriers Girdlers or Sadlers shall search any pson or persons but such as use and exercise the Misterie or Occupation of the saide Master and Wardens j and that the Coachmakers dwellinge within the saide Citie of London or three miles from the same, shall bee under the survey and search of the Master and Wardens of the Companie of the Sadlers of London.

1 Pantables 0. e nether 0.


XXI. Curriers shall not refute to curry Leather, he.

XXII. Wardens of the Curriers shall search and seal all Leather curried in London.

Fees thereon.

XXIII. Regulations for making Shoes, he. by Shoemakers.

Shoemakers shall not sell Shoes on Sundays.

XXIV.

Masters and Wardens of Cordwainers, Curriers, Girdlers, and Sadlers of London, shall search all Shoes and other Wares of Leather.

1044

1° Jac. 1. c. 22.

A.D. 1603-4.

XXV. Mayor, &c. of London shall appoint Eight Searchers and Sealers of Leather at Leadenhall.

And be it further enacted, That the saide Mayor of the Citie of London, and the Aldermen for the tyme beinge, upon like payne of sortie poundes likewise to be levied and imployed, shall likewise yeerelie appointe eighte of the moste substanriall honest and expert psons, beinge free men of some of the Companies of Cordweynore Curryore Sadlers or Girdlers within the Citie of London, whereof one shall be a Sealer, and keepe a Seale for the sealinge of Leather, to be prepared, who shall also be swome before the said Mayor and Aldermen for the tyme beinge, to do their office trulie; which saide Searchers and Sealers shall viewe and search all and everie tanned Hide Skinne or Leather which shall be brought as well to the Markett at Leadenhall as to any other lawfiill Faire or Markett therefore usuallie appointed within three miles of the saide Citie, whether the same be sufficientlie and throughlie tanned, and throughlie dried, accordinge to the purporte and true meaninge of this Statute, or no ; and finding it sufficientlie and throughlie tanned and throughlie dried, in such manner and forme as by this Statute is appointed, shall seale the same with the saide Seale.

XXVI. How Searcher:, and Sealers shall be appointed in other Places than London.

And be it further enacted by the authorise aforesaide, That all Mayors Bayliffes and other Head Officers for the tyme beinge in all other Cities Boroughs and Market Townes of this Realme, and all Lordes of Liberties Faires and Markets out of the circuite or compasse of the saide three miles, shall, upon like paine of sortie poundes likewise to be levied and imployed, everie yeere that they make default therein, appointe and sweare yeerelie two three or more persons of the moste honest and skilfull men within theire severall Offices or Liberties by theire discretion, to searche and view within the Precincte of theire said Offices Liberties and Authorities, which shall as often as they shall thinke good or neede shalbe, make like searche within theire Limits, and shall have a Marke or Seale prepared for that purpose; and that the saide Searchers or one of them shall keepe the same Seale or Marke, and with the same shall seale and marke such Leather as they shall finde sufficient, and no other; And if the saide Searchers or any of them doe finde any Leather solde or offered to be solde or brought to be searched or sealed, which shall be tanned wrought converted or used contrarie to the true intent and meaninge of this Statute, or any Leather insufficientlie curried, or any Bootes Shooes Bridles or any other thinge made of tanned or curried Leather, insufficientlie tanned curried or wrought contrarie to any Provision in this jPsent Acte, it shall be lawfull to the saide Searchers, or any of them, to seize all such Leather Shooes or other Wares made of Leather, and to retaine the same in theire Custodie untill such tyme as the same be tried by such Triers, and in suche manner and forme as is hereafter in this Statute appointed.

Mayor of London And to the end there may be an indifferent and equall course established for the tryinge of all such Leather T^lTjT ®°°te8 Shooes and other Wares made of Leather as shall bee seized by vertue of this Acte; be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That the Mayor of the Citie of London for the tyme beinge, within Sixe Dayes after Notice to hym given of any Seisure made of any Leather redde and unwrought, within the Jurisdiction of the saide Citie or Three Miles distant from the same, either by the Owner or Owners or by the Seizers of the saide Leather, shall electe and appointe sixe honest and expert Men, whereof there shall be of the better sorte of the Company of Cordweynors of London Two, of the better sorte of the Curriers of London Two, and other Two of the better sorte of Tanners usinge Leadenhall Markett, who shall bee no Kinne or of Affinitie to the saide Owner or Owners, who upon theire corporall Oathes to bee taken before the saide Mayor, shall on the seconde or thirde Markett Day at the furthest, to be holden upon the Munday for Leather next after the saide Seizure in the Aftemoone of the same Day, (to the intent the Owner or Owners may convenience be present), esquire straightlie examine and trie whether the saide Leather so seized shall be sufficient and serviceable or not, accordinge to the intent and true meaninge of this jpsent Acte.

Mayor^Mifft And be it further enacted, That everie other Mayor Bayliffe or other head Officer or Lorde of Libertie

&c. in other places or his sufficient Deputie out of the saide Compasse of the saide Three Miles within whose Precinctf or Liberties such Tnen'1 any such Seizure of any kinde of tanned Leather red or curried or of any Shooes Bootes or other Wares made of tanned Leather shall happen to . be, shall with all convenient speede after Notice unto hym given of any such Seizure, appoint sixe honest and expert men to trie whether the same Leather Bootes Shooes or other Wares so seized, be sufficient and accordinge to the true intent of this Statute or not, the same Triall to be made openlie upon some Market day and within Fifteene Dayes at the furthest next after such Seizure made upon the Oathes of the saide Triers.

Penalty on Mtyors, And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if the saide Mayor of the Citie of London for the tyme 8tc. for Neglca of beinge or any other Mayor Bayliffe or other head Officer of any other Citie Borough Corporate or Market Towne or any Lorde of any Libertie Faire or Market shall make default in the Nomination or Appointment of any of the aforesaide Triers to be nominated and appointed in such manner and forme as is before ordeined, That then everie such Mayor Bayliffe or other head Officer or Lorde of Libertie Fture or Markett makinge such default shall forfeite and lose for everie such default Five Pounds; The one Moitie thereof shalbe to the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors, and the other Halfe to hym or them that will sue for the same in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde by Bill Plainte Information or otherwise ; And that the saide persons so elected and appointed for Triall of the said Leather Shooes Bootes or other Wares made of tanned Leather so to be seized as aforesaide, shall pcede and doe theire Dueties therein without Delay, according to the true intent and meaninge of this p>sent Acte; upon paine that everie of them makinge defalt therein shall for everie such severall default forfeit and pay Five Poundes.


Af.IM 603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 22.

1045

And be it further enacted, That Foure of the saide Eight Searchers and Sealers so to be appointed within the saide XXX. Citie of London as aforesaide, shalbe at the end of everie yeere changed and remooved, and so many new chosen in Searcher* at their Roomes and Places; And that noe pson or persons shall remaine continue or be in the saide Office of searchinge LeidenhaH»hall or sealinge of Leather within the saide Citie of London above the space of two yeeres together; And he or they mnually. See. which shall serve or be employed in the saide Office of searchinge and sealinge of Leather Two yeeres, shall not in the saide Office be chosen serve or imployed againe untill the end of Three yeeres at the leaste then next followinge, upon paine that everie person offendinge or doinge the contrarie shall forfeite and loose for everie moneth that he shall soe contrarilie use and exercise the said Office, Tenne Poundes.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any Searcher or Sealer of Leather shall refuse with Peniltie^*1 convenient Speede to seale any Leather sufficientlie tanned wrought and used accordinge to the true meaninge of this on Neglect, p'sent Acte, or doe allowe that which shalbe insufficient, That then everie Searcher and Sealer shall forfeite for everie of Searcher*, suche Offence Fortie Shillingf: And further. That if any Searcher of Leather shall receive any Bribe or exacte any other Fee for the execution of his saide Office then is by this p>sente Statute limitted for the searchinge sealinge and registringe of Leather, That then everie such Searcher or Sealer so offendinge shall forfeite for everie such Offence Twentie Poundes; And that if any pson or persons duelie elected accordinge to the true meaninge of this (Psente Acte to and for the execution of the saide Office of searching or sealinge of Leather refuse to execute the said Office, That then the saide pson or psons soe refusinge shall forfeite and pay Ten Poundes.

XXXII.

All red tanned Leather brought to London, shall be tearched and •ealedatLeadenhall.

Proriio for Bartholomew Fair.

XXXIII. Such Leather told before being aealed, forfeited.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That all redde tanned Leather which shall be brought into the Citie of London or within Three Miles compasse from the same, whether it be to be solde or be bought before hande or noe, shall be brought to Leadenhall before it be housed in his or their owne Houses, and there viewed whether it hath bene searched or sealed or no, and shall also bee registered by the Searchers to be appointed as is aforesaide, with halfe such Fees to be paide for such of the saide tanned Leather as shall be boughte out of the saide Citie of London or Three Miles compasse from the same, and shall be duelie searched and sealed before it be brought within the saide Citie as is hereafter expressed for Leather to be solde in Leaden-hall, upon paine that everie pson housinge or not bringinge his Leather to Leaden-hall as is aforesaide shall forfeite for everie Hide or Skinne Sixe Shillingf Eight Pence: Provided That this Article shall not extende to any Leather to bee boughte in Bartholomew Faire or Southwarke Markett beinge searched sealed and registred accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte.

And be it also further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no tanned Leather shall be solde within the Citie of London or Three Miles distant from the same before the same have bene searched and sealed by the Searchers and Sealers by virtue of this Acte to be appointed to and for the searchinge and sealinge of Leather within the saide Citie and Three Miles distant from the same, upon paine of forfeiture of all such tanned Leather otherwise solde, or the full valewe thereof.

XXXIV

And alsoe be it further enacted, That if any pson will after the saide Feaste of Sainte Bartholomew next cominge Penalty on wilfullie withstande or deme any suche Searche to be made accordinge to the tenor of this Acte as is aforesaide, or ^t™cti£8 will not suffer the saide severall Masters and Wardens of the severall Companies of Cordwainers Curriers Girdlers or Sadlers or other Searchers so appointed to enter into his or their House or Houses or other Place to viewe and searche at theire will and pleasure all manner of tanned Leather and all manner of Shooes Bootes Males Sadies Coachcoveringf and Hamesse and all manner of Wares wrought and made or to be wrought and made of Leather, and to seize and carrie awaye all such Leather Shooes and Wares as they shall finde insufficientlie tanned curried or wrought or made of ill stuffe. That then all and everie such person and psons so denyinge and withstandinge and not sufferinge the saide Masters and Wardens and Searchers or any of them so appointed for the tyme beinge to enter and make searche and seize as aforesaide shall loose and forfeite for everie tyme so denyinge and withstandinge. Five Poundes.

And be it further enacted, That such pson and persons as hereafter shall be assigned and appointed Searchers and Srarcheri^ihiil Sealers of tanned Leather by vertue of this Acte, shall within the limits and fPcinctf of everie of theire Searches r^£t"hS*,es keepe one Booke or Register wherein they shall enter all such Bargaines as shalbe made for Leather Hides or r

Skinnes by any pson or psons duringe and by all the tyme of the Faire or Market beinge thereunto required by the buyer or the seller, and also the Prizes of such Leather bought and sould, with the Names and Dwellinge Places of the buyer and seller: takinge for the searchinge sealinge and registringe of everie Tenne Hides Backes or Their Fee*. Buts of Leather, with the Neckes Wombes and Dibbins or other Peeces of Offall cut of from the saide Backes or Buts of Leather of the seller of everie such Ten Hides Backs or Buts of Leather soe entred, Two Pence, and so after the Rate; and for every Sixe Dozen of Calves Skinnes or Sheepe Skins, Two Pence; and of the buier after the same Rate; and noe more greater or other sume or sumes of Money to be paide for searchinge sealing or entringe of any tanned Leather.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no pson or psons shall after the saide Feast of Saint XXXVI. Bartholomew next cominge sell exchange or put away or cause to be sold exchanged or put away any maner of u°"ed Lelthrr, tanned Leather red and unwrought, except he or they register or cause to be registered the saide tanned Leather *> regi*tered. and everie parte and parcell thereof and the Price thereof, upon paine of forfeiture of the value of the Leather so solde exchanged or put away and not registered.


12 K


1046

r Jac. I. c.22.

A.D. 16Q3A.

XXXVII. None shall buy Leather until searched, sealed, and registered.

XXXVIII. Leather insufficiently curried, or Wares made thereof, forfeited.

XXXIX.

All Leather Wares in London shall be sold in open Market, &c.

XL.

Artificers of Leather in London shall be under Survey of their Companies.

XLI. Application of Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That it shall not be lawfull to or for any person or p6ons to buy any tanned Leather before the same shall be searched and sealed, nor to carrie or cause to be carried out of the Faire or Markett any Leather till it be registred as aforesaide, upon paine to forfaite the saide Leather or the value thereof so bought and not searched and sealed or carried awaye and not registred.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any Curryer within the saide Citie of London or Three Miles compasse of the same, after the Feast of Saint Bartholomew next coming, doe currie any Leather insufficientlie tanned, or after the saide Feaste doe not currie such Leather as he doeth or shall currie, substantial lie and well accordinge to the meaninge and purporte of this Acte; Or if any Shoomaker Cordwainer or Cobler within the Citie of London or Three Miles compasse of the same, after the saide Feaste of Saint Bartholomew next, put any tanned Leather into any Shooes Bootes Buskins Startups Slippers Pantofles or other things made of tanned Leather which shall not be well and perfectlie tanned accordinge to the purport and true meaning of this Acte, Or after the saide Feaste doe put any curried Leather into any Bootes Buskins Startups Shooes Slippers Pantofles or other things made of Leather, which shall not be well and sufEcientlie tanned and curried and also sealed as is aforesaide, Or doe make Bootes Buskins Startups Slippers Pantofles or other things made of Englishe tanned Leather in any other manner then is above specified and ordained; Or if any Shoomaker Sadler or other Artificers usinge cutting or workinge of Leather doe make any Wares of any tanned Leather insuflicientlie tanned, or of tanned or curried Leather beinge not sufhcientlie tanned and curried as is aforesaid, or doe not make theire Wares belonginge to their severall Occupations sufEcientlie and substantiate, That then everie person so offending shall forfeite for everie such severall Offence or Default the said Wares and the juste value thereof.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That no manner of person or psons shall, after the saide Feaste of Saint Bartholomew, utter or sell or cause to be uttered or solde, within the saide Citie of London or within Three Miles compasse of the same, any manner of Wares appertayninge to the Crafte or Misterie of an Artificer usinge cutting of Leather, but onlie in open Shop comon Faire or Market, wherebie the saide Wardens may have the true search of the same ; upon paine of forfeiture of all such Wares so sould and Tenne Shillingf for every tyme.

Provided alway and be it enacted, That all and everie person and persons whatsoever now beinge or that hereafter shall be free of the saide Citie of London, of what Companie soever, and all Forreiners English or Aliens and Strangers borne, dwelling or inhabiting or which hereafter shall dwell or inhabit within the Citie of London or Three Miles compasse of the same, as well within Places priviledged as not priviledged, usinge or exercising any manuall Occupation of cutting or working of Leather into made Wares, shall be under the survey and search of the Masters and Wardens of suche Companies of the saide Citie of London as the Artificers comonlie usinge the same Misterie or Occupation beinge Freemen of the Citie of London and of the same Companie be, touchinge and concerning onelie theire Wares and Stuffe made of or with Leather, in like manner and forme as other Freemen of the same Companie be or shall be; And shall contribute and pay to the severall Masters and Wardens of the saide severall Companies for the tyme beinge within the saide Citie as the Artificers usinge the same Misterie, beinge Freemen of the saide Citie and of the same -severall Companies, shall contribute and pay; The same to be recovered by Distresse or Action of Debt in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde, in which no Wager of Lawe for the Defendant to be allowed.

All which Paines Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaide of summes of Money aforesaide, (except such Paines Penalties and Forfeitures as are before or hereafter by this Acte shall otherwise be disposed,) shall bee divided into three equall parts; One part whereof shall bee to our Soveraigne Lord the Kinge his Heires and Successors, and an other parte to hym or them that shall firste sue for the same in any of the Courts of Recorde of the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, by Action of Debte Bill Plainte Information or otherwise; In which Suit no Wager of Lawe or Essoyne shalbe admitted or allowed; And the thirde parte thereof shall goe to the Citie Borough Towne or Lorde or Lordes of Liberties where the Offence shall be comitted or done; And all such Leather Shoes Bootes Buskins Startups Slippers Pantofles Wares Stuffe & other Things whatsoever made of tanned Leather or curried Leather which shall be seized by vertue of this Acte, and shall be founde by the Triers to be appointed as is aforesaide, or by the Masters and Wardens of the severall Companies aforesaide to be insufficient, shall be forfeited and distributed as hereafter followeth; that is to say, such Leather or Stuffe so seized within the Citie of London, or within three miles compasse of the same, to be brought to the Guild Hall in London, there to be prised by indifferent persons, and the valew thereof to be divided into three parts, whereof one parte to be to the firste Seizor and Seizors of the said unlawfull Stuffe, and another parte to the use of the Chamber of London, and the other parte to be distributed to the poore Folkes, as well beinge within the New Hospitall of Saint Bartholomewes in London as to such poore Housholders as shall be inhabiting within the Citie of London, or the Circuit aforesaide, at the discretions of such persons as the Mayor of the saide Citie and foure Aldermen of the same for the tyme beinge shall appoint for the same; And that all such Leather Bootes Saddles Wares Stuffe and Things made of or with Leather as is aforesaide which shall be founde within any other Citie Boroughe Towne or Place within this Realme, out of the saide Citie of London and three miles compasse, unsufficientlie wrought tanned or curried as is aforesaide, and shall be seized and tried to be forfeited in manner and forme aforesaide, shall be brought to the Cdmon Hall of every such Citie Borough and Towne, or to some convenient and open Place to be appointed by the Lorde of the Libertie or his Deputie, where no Comon Hall is, there to be prized as is aforesaide; one parte of the saide valew thereof to be disposed uuto the Poore and in

By .

PENN STATE;

A.D. 1603-4.

1047

1° Jac. 1. c. 22.


S

s

* • H» % M

5«*

'«s

Hk

k.1

■*

355

ihf

hi

Ow

bi

Ktt:

fas

itK

?f=

IBS'

:Ia;

ste

h*

hi

Bei

>’

tl*

!*

ilfi

it

if


ft

ti*

k*

ft


tit

»8»

other Deedes of Charitie in those Parts, after the discretion of the Mayors Baylifff Headboroughes and Lordes of Liberties; an other parte to be delivered to the Mayors Baylifff and other Head Officers of any Citie Borough or Towne Corporate to the use of the Comunaltie of such City Borough or Towne Corporate, and where no such Officers bee, then to the Lorde or Lordes of the Libertie where any such Forfeiture shall be comitted, or Seizure had j and the thirde parte to the Seizor or Seizors of such Leather Stuffe or Wares insufficientlie tanned curried or wrought as is aforesaide, for his and theire Paines: Provided alwaies, That no person to whorae any suche unlawfull Leather or Stuffe shall be given by this Acte, shall give or sell any such Leather or Stuffe to any person or persons that shall sell the same, upon paine that the Buyer shall forfeite for everie parcell of such unlawfull Leather or Stuffe to be sold contrarie to the true meaning of this laste Clause, Three shillingf foure pence.

YT.1T.

Provided alwaies. That this Acte nor any thinge therein contained, shall not in any wise be prejudiciall or hurtfull pro»i»o for the to the Chancellors Vicechancellors Proctors Taxors and Scollors, their Officers Ministers Assignes or Farmours of the UmvenitiM. Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or any of them, of for or concerning the authorise of Searche of tanned Leather, or any of the Forfeitures of the same, which they lawfullie had or might have had before the making of this psent Acte, so as they doe in all things observe such order in about or for searching sealing and registring of Leather, as by this Acte is prescribed and appointed, upon the paine therein contayned; Any thinge herein contained to the contrarie notwithstanding.

XLIII.

And for the avoiding of all Ambiguities and Doubts which may and doe growe upon the Definition and Interpretation Definition of this worde Leather, It is enacted and declared by theise presents, That the Hides and Skinnes of Oxe Steere ofLei,her-Bull Cow Calfe Deere, red and fallow, Goates and Sheepe, beinge tanned or tawed, and everie salte Hide, is shalbe and ever hath bene reputed and taken for Leather.

XLIV.

And for the better execution of this Acte, Be it further enacted, That all Justices of Assise Justices of Gaole Justices of Pence, Deliverie Justices of Peace and Stewardes of Franchises Leetes and Lawdaies, within theire severall Precinctf Jurisdictions and Liberties, and Mayor of London for the tyme beinge within the saide Citie, and within three miles compasse of the same Citie, and all other Mayors Baylifff and other Head Officers of Cities Boroughes and Townes within theire severall Jurisdictions Liberties Precincts Offices and Authorities, shall esquire of all the Premisses in theire Sessions Leete or Lawday, and heare or determine the same, and also by theire discretions examine all persons suspected to offend this Acte, or any parcell thereof.

And be it further enacted, That where any Mannor Libertie or Franchise ifnediatlie appertained to the Kings

Majestie his Heires or Successors, the Stewarde for the tyme beinge of everie such Mannor Libertie and Franchise,

shall have the like Authorities Powers Jurisdictions and Advantages, and also shall beare and pay all the like Paines Penalties and Forfeitures as are given appointed limitted or layde by this Statute to or upon the Lordes of Liberties and Franchises, as in this Statute is expressed.

And be it further enacted, That all curryinge and dressing of Leather, comonlie called Drye curryinge and Frising, shalbe construed to be dressing and currying of the maner of Spanish Leather, of what colour soe9 it be; and that to all Artificers, (other then Shoemakers, yeerelie betwene the laste of September and the twentieth of Aprill), it shall be lawfull to use all kindes of Leather dressed and curried in that maner of drie currying and frizing, as they lawfullie might before the making of this Acte, so that the same Leather so to be used bee well and sufficientlie tanned

according to the forme inscribed in this Acte, and also well and substantiallie dressed curried and frized, in the

maimer of drie currying and fryzing abovesaide.

And be it enacted by the authoride aforesaide, That this Acte and every parte thereof shalbe construed and adjudged to extend to Wales as amplie as it doeth to this Realme, to all Intent f Constructions and Purposes.

And forasmuch as (notwithstanding the good Lawes and great Penaldes in that behalfe provided) greate quantities Penalty on Officer* of Leather are dailie transported out of this Realme, and especiallie by the Negligence and Corruption of Comptrollers Customers Searchers and all theire Deputies : Be it therefore enacted by the authoride aforesaide, That if any Leather of Leather: wrought cut or unwrought, to the intent to be solde or bartered, shall hereafter unlawfullie be transported, or id, LowofOffice,

purposed to be transported into the Parts beyond the Sea, from and out of any Porte Haven or Creeke of this

Realme or Wales; everie Comptroller Customer Surveyor Collectour of Tonnage and Pondage and the Searchers, and the Depude of any of them, or any other psons hearing or knowing by any wayes of any Leather meant to be transported from any Place within his Office, and do not his beste Endevour to seize the same, or being transported doe not disclose or cause to be disclosed the same within sortie daies next after such knowledge or hearing of the same in some Court of Recorde, so as the Offendor may be punished according to the Lawes in that case provided, shall for everie the firste Offence comitted againste this Article, forfeite an Hundred poundes, and for the second Offence shall forfeite his Office.

And be it further enacted, That everie Customer Officer or Officers Depude that shall make any false Certificate pena]ty on false

of the Arrivall of any Leather in any Porte Creeke or Place of this Realme, shall also forfeite for everie such Offence Certificate, .*ioo

an Hundred Pounds.

&c. may determine Offences.

XLV.

Power of Stewards of Royal Manors as to Penalties, kc.

XLVI. Using of Leather dry-curried.

XLVII. Act extended to Wales.


1048

1° Jac. I. c. 22, 23.

A.D. 1603-4.

Not to extend to Phovided alwas, That neither this Acte nor any Article Exposition or Thinge therein contained, shall extend to any Scotch Hide. Scottishe Hides to bee brought into the Towne of Berwicke out of the Realme of Scotland, beinge registred in a

to be kepte by such pson or psons as the Mayor of the saide Towne for the tyme beinge shall

there registered. thereunto name and appoint, with the name and surname of the Buyer and Seller, to the intent the Englishe Hides

might be knowne from the Scottishe; but that the Inhabitant of the saide Towne of Berwicke may send carrie and

transporte such Scottishe Hides as they lawfullie might transport before the makinge of this Acte.

LI.

Proviso for Letters Patents dispensing with Regulations of this Act.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any person or psons shall at any tyme hereafter pcure or obtaine any Graunt or Letters Patentf, purporting to give licence or authoritie to any pson or psons to dispense with or tollerate any Offence againste any Clause Provision or Article in this psent Acte, That then and imediatlie from and after such Letters Patentf or Graunt obtained, all and everie such Clauses Articles and Provisions so by the saide Letters Patentf or Graunt authorized or licensed to be dispensed with, or tolerated as aforesaide, shalbe utterlie repealed voide and of no effect; Any thinge in this p'sent Acte conteined to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding. This Acte to endure untill the end of the next Session of the next Parliament.

rail.

Stat. 5 Eliz. c. 8. And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That as well one Statute made in the fifth yeere of the Raigne

&c. repelled. our iate Sov'aigne Ladie Queene Elizabeth, entituled An Act concerning Tanners Curriers and other Artificers

occupying cutting of Leather, as all former Statutes, and everie part or parts of any former Statute or Statutes therbie repealed, shall from henceforthe be utterlie repealed for ever.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for the better pservation of Fishinge in the Counties of Sofisett Devon and Cornewall, and for the Reliefe of Balkers Conders and Fishermen againste malicious Suites.

Herring Fishery, &c. in Devon and Cornwall;

Attendance of Guiders, &c. on Lands adjoining to the Sea Coant, &c. to direct Fishermen 5

Actions ofT respass by Owners of Lands, See. against such Guiders, See.

Guiders, See. and Fishermen may enter Lands near Fishing Places, to watch and draw Fish on Shore, &c.

WHEREAS the Trade of Fishing for Herringf Pilchardf and Seane Fishe within the Counties of Sommerset Devon and Comewal is and of late tyme hath bene verie greate and profitable as well to divers of the Fishermen and Inhabitantf which dwell neere the Sea Costes within the saide Counties as in the Cities of London and Exceter and elsewhere within the Realme of England and the Dominions thereof: And whereas also for the necessarie use of the takinge of the said Herringf Pilchardf and other Seane Fishe, divers psons within the saide Counties called Balcors Huors Condors Directors or Guidors at the fishing tymes for the saide Herringf Pilchardf and other Seane Fishe within the saide Counties tyme out of mynde have used to watch and attend upon the high Hilles and Grounds neere adjoyning to the Sea Coastf within the saide Counties for the discoverie and givinge Notice to the Fishermen and Inhabiters neere adjoyning when the saide Herringf Pilchardf and Seane Fish come towards or neere the Sea Coastf there, and for the guiding and directing of the Fishermen in their Boats upon the Sea Coastes for the takinge of the saide Herringf Pilchardf and other Seane Fishe: And whereas also now of late divers persons havinge Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf neere or adjoyning to the Sea Coastf within the saide Counties where the fishing places for the takinge of the saide Herringf Pilchardf and other Seane Fishe are, have brought theire Actions of Trespasse at the C5mon Lawe as well in the High Courts of Recorde at Westminster as in inferiour Courts within the saide Counties, not onelie againste such Balkors Huors Condors Directors and Guidors, but also againste such Fishermen and other persons for breakinge of their Close as have attended theire Seanes or Nettf for the drawinge and carrying of the saide Fishe on Lande or Shore, and have recovered against them Costs and Damages, to theire greate Losse and Expences; by reason whereof such Watchmen Balcors Huors Condors Directors and Guidors and such other psons as heretofore have attended the saide Seanes and fishinge have forborne to enter into or goe upon the Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf neere adjoyninge to suche fishinge Places within the saide Counties, for the watchinge or discoverie of the said Heringf Pilchardf and other Seane Fishe or to balke hue conde or direct, or to attend the Seanes or Nettes as heretofore they have done and will likewise forbeare the same hereafter if Pvision be not had and made that they may lawfullie enter into and upon suche Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf as doe lye neere or adjoyninge to the saide Sea Coastf and Places of fishinge as aforesaide for their watchinge balkinge directinge and attendinge of the Seanes as is aforesaide: For Remedie whereof, and for the maintenance of the said Trade of Fishinge, which doeth so greatlie tende to the Pfitt of manye of the Inhabitantf within the saide Counties and others. Be it therefore enacted by our Sov’aigne Lorde the Kinge, the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this £*sente Parliament assembled, That it shall and may be lawfull at all tyme and tymes hereafter to and for everie suche Watchmen Balcors Huors Condors Directors and Guidors, and all suche Fishermen and other persons as shall necessarilie attend the saide Seanes or Nettf as aforesaide, at the tymes of fishinge for Herringe Pilchardf and other Seane Fishe within the saide Counties where such Fishe shall hereafter be taken, to enter and goe into and upon any Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf which doe lye or adjoine neere unto any suche Fishinge Places, and fit convenient and necessarie to watche and balke in or to drawe or carie the saide Fishe on Shoare, and there to wache for the saide Fishe, and to balke hue conde direct and guide the Fishermen which shalbe upon the saide Sea and Sea Coastf for the takinge of the saide Fishe, and to drawe and carrie the saide Fishe on Lande or Shoare; any Lawe Usage or Custome to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 23, 24.

1049

t

bi

k

H

i

i

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any Acfbn of Trespasse or other Suite shall at any tyme hereafter happen to be attempted and brought againste any pson or psons for entringe and goinge on the Lande for watchinge of the saide Fishe, or for balkinge huinge condinge direcdnge or guidinge of the wide Fishermen in their Boat? upon the Sea or Sea Coste for takinge of the saide Fishe, or for the landinge of the saide Fishe as aforesaide, by authoride of this psente Acte, the Defendant or Defendant? in any suche Action or Suite shall and may pleade Not guiltie for any thinge doing by vertue of this Acte; and upon the trial! of that Issue the whole Matter to be given on both parties in Evidence, accordinge to the verie trueth of the same: And after such Issue tried for the Defendant or Defendant?, or Nonsuite of the Plaindfe or Plaintifes after Appearance, the same Defendant or Defendant? to recover his or theire Damages by reason of his or theire wrongfull vexacon in that behalfe, with Costs alsoe in that behalfe sustained, and that to be assessed by the same June that shall trie the saide Issue, or els by Writ to enquier of the Dammages as the case shall requier; for which Cost? and Dammages suche Defendant shall and may by vertue of this Acte take and sue for the such Execu&n as the Defendant in a Repleven may doe.

IL

Defendant i may plead General Issue

Damages and Costa on Verdict for Defendants, See.

t?

a

it


ib

4


ft

n

li

ib

9

it

i

a

is

i


ib

n

il


a

4

l>

a

4

4

i

li

ib

Ik

if

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte againste the deceiptfull and false makinge of Mildemix, and Powle Davies, whereof Saile Clothes for the

Navie and other Shippinge are made.

WHEREAS the Clothes called Mildemix and Powle Davies, whereof Saile Clothes and other Furniture for the Cloth called Navie and Shippinge are made, were heretofore altogether brought out of Fraunce and other part? beyond the Seas, and the Skill and Arte of makinge and weavinge of the saide Clothes never knowne or used in England wed for Sail* of

untill aboute the two and thirtieth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene of famous Memorie Queene Elizabeth, about until what tyme and not before, the pfecte Arte and Skill of makinge an4 weavinge of the saide Clothes was attained unto, and sithence practised and continued in this Realme, to the great Benefitt and C5moditie thereof: And whereas of late UnAilfulneas many of the King? Majesties Subject?, not trained nor brought up in the said Art, nor any waies skilfull therein, an(j b»dJ«of have notwithstanding upon desire of Gaine, made and weaved, or cause to be made and weaved, manie Clothes in jj^Qoth, lately likenes and shew of Mildemix and Powle Davies, but in trueth neither made of such Sluffe as the said Mildemix and ml ' In ng '

Powle Davies are and ought to be made of, nor so well driven or weaved, nor yet of that Length nor Breadth as the true Clothes called Mildemix and Powle Davies are and ought to be, insomuch that the saide Clothes do yearlie and daylie growe worse and worse, and are made more thinner sleighter and meaner then heretofore they have bene, to the great Deceit and Hurte of all his Highnes lovinge Subject? that are to use & employ the same about the Sailes and other Furniture of their Ships and Sailinge Vessels, and to the greate damage of his Highnes Navie, the chicfest Strength of this Realme (next unto God and his Highnes), and within shorte tyme like utterlie to overthrow the Arte and Trade of makinge Clothe of that kinde within this Realme; whereupon his Highnes saide Subject?, aswell the Makers as Users of the saide Clothes are much hurte and impoverished through the deceitfulnes unskilfulnesse and ignorance of the Weavers and Makers of the saide Clothes: For Remedie and Redresse whereof, Be it enacted by the None thill mike King? most excellent Majestie, with the assent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the C5mons in this present Parliament assembled and by the authoride of the same. That no person or persons resiant inhabitant or dwellinge within bccn apprenticed this Realme, shall at any time after the firste day of Auguste next edminge, make weave or cause to be made and weaved, °he Trade* &?.l° any such Clothe or Clothes for Sailes or Furniture of Shippes or other sailinge Vessels, called termed or knowne by the name or names of Mildemix and Powle Davies, or any of them, but such as now doe use the same or any of theire Servant?, or such as shall hereafter be Apprentices, and trained and brought up in the Trade and Arte of making of the said Clothes, by the space of seaven yeares together at the leaste; nor shall set any man to worke in the makinge or weavinge of any such Clothes, being not a Workeman trained up before the firste day of Auguste nexte comin'ge, in the saide Arte and Misterie, upon paine that everie such person offendinge or doingc the contrarie shall forfeite and lose for everie Defaulte, Twentie shilling? for everie Moneth.

And further, That no person or psons from k after the said firste day of August shall make or weave the saide Clothes of any other Stuffe then of good and sufficient Hempe, nor of any lesse length then three and thirtie yardes, nor of any lesse Bredth then three quarters of a yarde, nor that the Weaver or other person or psons shall sell or offer to sell any of the saide Clothes before the Stuffe be well beaten scoured bleached, and the Clothe well driven with a brasen or iron Shuttle, upon paine that everie person offending or doinge the contrary herein shall forfeite and lose for everie such peece of Clothe woven made or solde contrarie to the forme of this Acte, Five shilling?.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That the one moitie of the Benefite of all the Forfeitures and Penalties in this Acte conteined shall come and be unto the King? most excellent Majestie his Heires and Successors, and the other moytie thereof unto such as will sue for the same in any of the King? Majesties Court? by Bill Plaint Action of Debt Information or otherwise, in which Actions Suites Plaintes or Informations no Wager of Lawe Essoigne or Protection shalbe allowed.

II.

Such Cloth •halt be made only of Hemp ; Length and Breadth thereof:

Penalty 51. per Piece.

A pplication of Penalties.

(jOO

1050

1° Jac. I. c. 25.

A.D. 1603~4t.

at H.VIII. c.u. Cables, See.;

24 H.VIII. c.9. killing Weanlings ; 3 & 4 E. VI. c. 19. Rother Beasts;

c. a 1. Butter, &c.; 1 Eliz. c. 17.

Fry of Fish

Stat. 5 Eliz. c. 7. Importation of foreign Wares; c-5- N^y i as amended.

8 Eliz. c. 10. Bowyers

Stat. 13 Eliz. c. 21. Purveyors; c. 10. Dilapidations 1

c. 20. Benefices: as amended.

18 Eliz. c. 20. Oxford Highways

18 Elis. c. 3.

$ t. Bastards

27 Eliz. c.31. Westminster

27 Eliz. c. 14.

39 Eliz. c. 16. making Malt

27 Eliz. c. 24. Sea-banks

Stat. 31 Eliz. c. 8. Beer Vessels ; Lincoln City;

[«o( inrolled, nor printed.]

Stat. 35 Eliz. c. 1. Allegiance; c. 10. Cloths ; c. 11. Clap-board

Stat. 39 Eliz. c.i,2. Husbandry ; as amended.

c.io. Mariners;

c. 12. Labourers; c. 14. Wool Cards;

cc. 17, 4. Beggars;

Explanation of Proviso in 39 Eliz. c. 4. § 10. for John Dutton.

Stat. 43 Eliz. c. 3. Soldiers, &c. c. 6. Actions;

c. 2. Poor, with Amendment;

c. 10. Cloths;

CHAPTER XXV.

An Actb for continuynge and revivinge of divers Statutes, and for repealinge of some others.

BE it enacted by authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That one Acte made in the one and twentieth yeere of the Reigne of the late King Henrie the Eight, intituled An Acte for the true makinge of Cables Halsers and Ropes; And that an Acte made in the foure and twentieth yeere of the Reigne of the saide King Henrie the Eight, intituled An Acte againste killinge of yonge Beastf called Weanlingf ; And that two Acts, made in the Parliament holden at Westminster by Prorogation the fourth day of November, and continued untill the firste day of Februarie next after, in the thirde and fourthe yecres of the Raigne of the late King Edwarde the Sixte, the one concerning the buyinge and sellinge of Rother Beastf and Cattell, the other intituled An Acte for the buyinge and sellinge of Butter and Cheese ; And that one Acte made in the firste yeere of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for preservation of Spawne and Fry of Fishe; And that an Acte made in the fifte yeere of the Reigne of the saide late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for avoyding divers forraine Wares made by Handicraftesmen beyond the Seas ; And so much of [an1 ] other Acte made the same yeere, intituled An Acte touchinge certaine Pollitique Constitutions made for the maintenance of the Navie, as is not repealed by any later Statute, nor doeth concerne the transportation of Herring or other Sea Fishe, nor freedome of Custome Subsidie or Tonnage for the same, nor transportation of Come, together with all and everie other Additions Explanations and Alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any parte thereof, by any Statute or Statutes made sithence the makinge of the saide laste mentioned Acte, and now standinge in force; And that an Acte made in the Eight yeere of the Raigne of the saide late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for Bowyers and the Prices of Bowes; And that three Acts made in the thirteenth [yeeres * ] of her (3) late Majesties Raigne, one intituled An Acte that Purveyors may take Graine Come and Victuals within five miles of Cambridge and Oxforde in certaine Cases, another, An Acte against Fraudes defeatinge Remedies for Dilapidations, the thirde, An Acte touchinge Leases of Benefices and other Ecchasticall Livingf with Cure, together with all and everie Explanations Additions and Alterations thereof, or of any of them, or to any of them made by several Statutes of the fourteenth eighteenth and three and fortieth yeeres of her saide late Majesties Reigne: And that an Acte made in the eighteenth yeere of her saide Majesties Raigne, intituled An Acte for the repairing and amendinge of Bridges and Highwaies nerc unto the Citie of Oxeforde; And so much of another Acte made the same eighteenth yeere, intituled An Acte for settinge the Poore on worke, and avoiding Idlenesse, as concemeth Bastard f begotten out of lawfull Matrimonie; And that two Acts made in the seven and twentieth yeere of her saide Majesties Reigne, the one, intituled An Acte for the good Governement of the Citie or Burroughe of Westminster, thother, An Acte for revivinge a former Statute for the true makinge of Maulte, together alsoe with an Acte made in the nine and thirtieth yeere of her saide Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte to restraine the excessive makinge of Maulte; And a thirde Acte made in the saide seven and twentieth yeere of her saide Majesties Reigne, intituled An Acte for keepinge the Seabankes and Seaworkes in the Countie of Norfolke; And two Actes made in the one and thirtieth yeere of her saide Majesties Raigne, the one, intituled An Acte for the true gaginge of Vessels brought from beyonde the Seas converted by Brewers for the utterance and sale of Ale and Beere, the other, An Acte for revivinge and inlarginge of a Statute made in the three and twentieth yeere of her saide Majesties Reigne, for the reliefe of the Citie of Lincolne; And that three Acts made in the five and thirtieth yeere of her saide Majesties Raigne, one intituled An Acte to retaine the Queenes Majesties Subjects in their due obedience, another, for Reformation of sundrie Abuses in Clothes called Devonshire Kerseis or Dozens, accordinge to a Proclamation of the foure and thirtieth yeere of her saide Majesties Raigne, the thirde, An Acte for the bringinge in of Clapbourdf from the parts of beyond the Seas, and the restrayninge of transportinge of Wyne Caske for the sparinge and p'servinge of Tymber within the Realme; And the several Acts hereafter mentioned made in the nine and thirtieth yeere of her saide Majesties Raigne, that is to saye, An Acte intituled An Acte againste the decaying of Townes and Houses of Husbandrie, An Acte intituled An Acte for the mayntenance of Husbandrie and Tillage, together with such Explanations and Pvisions as thereunto are added by the Statute made in the three and fortieth yeere of her saide Majesties Reigne; An Acte intituled An Acte for the increase of Marriners and for maintenance of the Navigation, repealinge a former Acte made in the three and twentieth yeere of her saide Majesties Raigne, bearinge the same Title ; An Acte intituled An Acte for explanation of the Statute made in the fifth yeere of her saide Majesties Raigne, concerning Labourers j An Acte intituled An Acte phibitinge the bringinge into this Realme of forraine Cardes for Wooll j An Acte intituled An Acte against lewde and wandringe persons p>tendinge to be Souldiers or Marriners; An Acte intituled An Acte for the [punishment4 ] of Rogues Vagabondes and Sturdie Beggers, with this Provision to be annexed thereunto, by authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That the saide laste mentioned Acte, nor any thing therein contained, shall impeach avoide prejudice or restraine such Libertie and Inheritance as John Dutton of Dutton in the Countie of Chester Esquire, and his Ancestors (whose Heire he is) have lawfullie used and exercised, in allowinge Minstrels in the Countie Palantine and Countie of the Citie of Chester, and for governement of Minstrels there, and keepinge a Court yeerelie for that purpose: And that the severall Acts heereafter mentioned made in the three and fortieth yeere of the Reigne of the saide late Queene Elizabeth, that is to say, An Acte intituled An Acte for the necessarie Reliefe of Souldiers and Mariners ; An Acte intituled An Acte to avoide triflinge and frivolous Suits in Lawe in her Majesties Courtes at Westminster ; An Acte intituled An Acte for the Reliefe of the Poore, with this addition, videit, Be it enacted, that all psons to whome the Overseers of the Poore shall, accordinge to this Acte, bynde any Children Apprentices, may take and receave and keepe them as Apprentices, Any former Statute to the contrarie notwithstandinge; An Acte intituled An Acte for the true makeinge and workinge of Wollen Clothes;

1 one 0.

8 year 0.

> said 0.

• punishing 0.


A.D. 160SA.

1° Jac. I. c. 25.

1051

S

I.

V

fci



Ut

Hi

it

it



Ift

U

it

Sb

i*








Bl

la

fa



be

ii

(■



a:

fa

h

la

it

ii

Bl

ii


s'

ii

nk


«>

>,d

fa

if

a



An Acte intituled An Acte to prevent Perjurie and Subornation of Perjurie, and unnecessarie Expences in Suite* in Recited Act*

Lawe, shalbe continued and remaine in force untill the end of the firste Session of the nexte Pirliamente: Provided En^cTensuing

neverthelesse. That so much of everie of the saide Actes as by any new Acte made in this Session of Parliament shall Sr,i,;n' u"leM

repealed, &c.

be altered or repelled, shall stande discontinued.

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted by the Authoritie of this presente Parliament, That when the Prices of

Comes or Graines exceede not the Rates hereafter followinge, at the Tymes Havens and Places where and when the Com permitted, same Come or Graine shalbe shipped or loaden, viz. The Quarter of Wheate at Sixe and twentie Shilling? Eight *‘CMdinK

Pence; The Quarter of Rye Pease and Beanes at Fifteene Shilling?; The Quarter of Barley or Maulte at Fourteene Wheat, i6r. 8d. Shilling? of currant Englishe Money ; That then it shall be lawfull for all and everie pson and persons beinge Subject? BarUy^&c!5^ of the King? Majestie his Heires or Successours, to transporte of his owne, and to buy and transporte, any of the saide Comes and Graines unto any part? beyonde the Seas in Amitie withe his Majestie to sell as Merchandize in Shippes Crayers or other Vessels, whereof any English borne Subjecte or Subjects then shall be the Owner or Owners;

Any Law Usage or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstandinge. And that the King? Majestie his Heires and Duties of Cuitomi,

Successours shall have and receave by the Customers and Officers of his Portes for the Custome or Poundage *c’

of everie Quarter of Wheate to be transported by force of this Statute, Two Shilling?, Of everie Quarter of

other Graine, Sixteene Pence; whiche saide severall summes soe to be had and taken as Custome or Poundage

to be in full Satisfaction of all Manner of Custome or Poundage for the saide Corne or Graine by any

Constitution Order Statute Law or Custome heretofore made used or taken for transportinge of any such manner

of Come or Graine.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That the King? Majestie his Exportation of Heires and Successors may at all tymes by his and their Writte of Proclamation to be published, generallie in the Cor* may be whole Realme, or in any of the Counties of the Realme where any Porte Townes are, comand that no person shall by PwUinatioQ. vertue of this Acte transport or convey any manner of Graine out of his Highnes Dominions generallie or out of any speciall Portes to be in the same Proclamation particularlie named for such tyme as shalbe therein limitted and appointed;

And it shall not be lawfull for any person to carie out any such Graine contrarie to the tenor of the same Proclamation, upon such Paines and Forfeitures as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme are and have bene provided and ordained in that Behalfe: This Acte or any thinge therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proviped also and be it enacted, That no person or psons shall incurre any Penaltie for want of length bredth Lmpl/si* of or weight of Walsh Cottons under the Price of Fifteene Pence the Yarde or Two Shilling? the Goade, so as they be Welch Cottons, not mixte with Hare or other deceitfull Stuffie, nor for any others above that Price, except they be mixte as aforesaide or shall shrinke above the Rate of Halfe a Yard in twelve Yards of length or weigh lesse then foureteene Ounces the Yarde or hold not full three quarters of a Yarde broade.

And also be it enacted, That an Acte made in the fifte yeere of the Reigne of the saide late Queene Elizabeth, for punishment of Perjurie shalbe revived and continued untill the End of the firste Session of the nexte Parliament; And that one Acte made in the fouretenth yeere of the Reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte againste the deceit of Undercollectours of the Tenthes and Subsidies of the Cleargie, And one other Act made in the seven and twentieth yeere of the Reigne of the saide late Queene, intituled An Acte for the explanation of the Statute made in the [thirtieth ’] yeere of the Reigne of the saide late Queene, intituled An Acte to make the Landes Tenement? Goods and Chattels of Tellors Receivers, &c. liable to the payment of theire Debt?, shall from the end of this psent Session of Parliament, be revived and stand in force; Any Repeale heretofore made thereof or of any of them to the contrarie notwithstanding: And that so much of one Acte made in the foureteenth yeere of the Reigne of the saide late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for the punishment of Vagabond?, and for the Releife of the Poore and Impotent, as concemeth the taxinge ratinge levyinge receivinge and imployinge of Gaole Money, shalbe revived from henceforth and stande and contynue untill the end of the firste [ Session1 ] of the nexte Parliament.

And be it also further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That the Statute made in the seven and twentieth yeere of the saide Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for the maintenance of the Peere and Cob of Lyme Regis in the Countie of Dorset, shalbe contynued and stande in force and strength for and duringe the space of ten yeeres next ensuinge the firste day of this Parliament, and from thence to the end of the nexte Session of Parliament.

And be it also enacted by the Authoritie of this present Parliament, That so much of all Statut? as concerneth abjured Persons and Sanctuaries, or ordering or governing of Persons abjured or in Sanctuaries, made before the five and thirtieth yeere of the late Queene Elizabeths Reigne, shall also stand repealed and be voide; And also that an Acte made in the two and twentieth yere of the Reigne of King Edwarde the Fourthe, againste fullinge of Hatt? Bonnets and Caps in fulling Milles; And an Acte made in the thirde yeere of Kinge Henrie the Eighr, intituled An Acte concerning the makinge of Caps and Hats; And an Acte made in the one and twentieth yeere of Kinge Henrie the Eight, intituled An Acte limitting the Price of Hats and Cappes brought from beyond Seas; And an Acte made in the seventh yeere of Kinge Edwarde the Suite, intituled An Acte for the true fulling and thicking of Caps; And an Acte made in the firste yeere of Queene Marie, intituled An Acte for the sale of Hats and Caps made beyond

V.

Certain Acts revived and continued, viz. j Eli/., c.9. Perjury;

14 Eliz. c. 7. Sub-Collectort of Tenths, &c. »7 Eli*, c. 3. Receiver!, &c.

14 Elis. c. j. S 38. Gaol Money.

VI.

27 Eliz. nu. I. pr. Lyme Regia Pier, continued.

VII.

Certain Acts repealed, viz. all relating to Sanctuaries, previous to An. 3J Eliz

Acts relating to Hatt and Caps;

22 Edw. IV. c. c.

3 H. VIII. c. iS. 21 H.VIII. c.9.

7 Edw. VI. c.8.

1 Mary, at. 2. c. 11.

1 thirteenth 0. and St. 27 Eliz. c. 3.

- Sessions 0.

Gck >ole

1052

1° Jac.I. c.25, 26.

4 H.V. st.a. c.j 4 Edw. IV. c.9. Patten-makers.

15 Ric. II. c. n.

Girdlers; y & 6 E. VI. c.ai Pedlars, &c.; 7E.VI. C.J. 4 1,2 Wines j 4 E IV. c. 8. Englisli Horns

24 H. VIII. c. 13 1 & 2 P. & M. c. 2 and all Acts as to Apparel;

4& J P.&M. c.a, Armour {

LEliz. c. 8. allier.

VIII.

1 Mary, st. 2. c. 2. as to Religious Service, Ike. repealed : a, 3 Edw.VI. c.2l J, 6 Edw.VI. c.12 as to Marriage of Priests, &c. revived and made perpetual.

Their Children declared to be legitimate.

Orders made under Privy Seal An. 13 Eliz. for regulating Process, Fees, fcc. in the Office of Cord Treasurer’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer

Issues lost and forfeited shall be remitted, according to such Orders.

II.

Penalty on Remembrancer, or his Clerks, acting contrary to the said Orders.

J^20.

A.D. 160S-

the [Sea']; an Acte made in the fourth yeere of Kinge Henrie the [Fourth,1] That Paten Makers should make no Pattens nor Clogs of Tymber called Aspe, together with an Acte made in the fourth yeere of Kinge Edwarde the Fourth, That Patten Makers might make Pattens or Clogs of such Peices of Tymber called Aspe as was not convenient or sufficient for Shaftf; And an Acte made in the fifteenth yeere of Kinge Richarde the Seconde, touching Girdlers garnishing theire Girdles with white Mettall; And an Acte made in the fifte yeere of King Edwarde the Sixte, intituled An Acte againste Pedlars and Tinkers ; And so muche of an Acte made in the seventh yeere of the Raigne of the saide Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, intituled An Acte made to avoide the greate and excessive Prices of Wines, as doth conceme the selling of Wine at certaine Prices, or forbidding or restrayning the havinge of Wines in Mens Houses; And an Acte made in the fourth yeere of Kinge Edwarde the Fourth, That no Stranger or Alien should buy any Englishe Homes unwrought, and that the Wardens of the Horners should have power to searche all manner of Wares pertayninge to theire Misterie in London, and foure and twentie Miles on every side of it; And that an Acte made in the foure and twentieth yeere of the late Kinge Henrie the Eight, For Reformation in excesse of Apparell, together with another Acte bearinge the same Title, made in the firste and seconde yeeres of the Raignes of the late Kinge Philip and Queene Marie, and all other Acts heretofore made concerning Apparell; And an Acte made in the fourth and fifthe yeeres yeeres of the late Kinge Philip and Queene Marie, For the havinge and keepinge of Horse Armour and Weapon ; And a Statute made in the fifte yeere of the Raigne of our late So9aigne Ladie Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte touchinge Tanners Curriers Shomakers and other Artificers occupying the cuttinge of Leather, shall likewise from henceforth be repealed and voide.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That an Acte made in the firste yeere of the Raigne of Queene Marie, intituled An Acte for the repeale of certain Statutes made in the tyme of Kinge Edward the Sixte, shall stande repealed and voide. And that an Acte made in the Session of Parliament holden upon Progation at Westminster the fourthe day of November in the second yeere of the Reigne of the late Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, and there contynued and kepte to the fourteenth day of Marche in the thirde yeere of the saide late Kings Raigne, intituled An Acte to take away all positive Lawes made againste the Marriage of Priests ; And an Acte made in the Session of Parliament holden upon Progation at Westminster the three and twentieth day of Januarie in the fifte yeere of the Reigne of the saide Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, and there continued and kepte until the fifteenth day of Aprill in the sixte yeere of his Raigne, intituled An Acte made for declaration of a Statute made for the Mariage of Preistf, and for the Legitimation of theire Children, shall stande revived and be in force for ever ; The saide Acte of Repeale notwithstandinge: And the Children of Ecctiasticall persons in the saide Acte mentioned, shalbe and continue legitimate and inheritable to all Intentf and Purposes in such sorte as Children of Lay Psons doe enjoy and may inherite; Any Canon or Constitution to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XXVI.

An Acte for the continuance and due observation of certaine Orders for the Exchequer, first set downe and established by vertue of a Privie Seale from the late Queene Elizabeth.

MOSTE humblie pray your Excellent Majestie your moste lovinge and faithfull Subjects the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled. That whereas the late Queene Elizabeth in the thirteenth yeere of her happie Raigne, out of her princelie grace and meere motion, by her gracious Privie Seale to the then Lorde Treasurer Chauncellor and Barons of her Majesties Exchequer directed, did authorize and comand them to set downe and stablishe certaine Orders touchinge the awardinge of Processe, Discharge without pleadinge. Discharge of Issues, and the Rates of Fees, within the Office of the Lorde Treasurers Remembrancer in the Exchequer; by vertue of which her Royall Chmaundement, upon grave deliberation and with the Privitie and Consent of her Majesties then learned Counsell thereunto called, divers Orders, beinge moste honourable and agreeable to Justice, were conceived and established; which Orders be to this Bill annexed: May it please your moste Excellent Majestie, for the establishment continuance and furtherance of her saide Majesties then moste gracious intention, and of your Majesties most aboundant grace and favourable inclination to the good and ease of your Highnes Subjects, that it may be enacted and by the Authoritie of this fPsent Parliament be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the Assent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this pPsent Parliament assembled. That all manner of Issues loste and forfeited, or hereafter to be loste and forfeited, which by the true intent of the same late Queenes most gracious Privie Seale, and the said Orders hereunto annexed, ought to be remitted and discharged againste her saide Majestie, be and at all tymes for ever hereafter shall be accordinglie by vertue of this psent Acte cleerelie discharged and acquited againste your Majesty your your Heires and Successors.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That if the Lorde Treasurers Remembrancer for the tyme beinge or any of his Clerkes shall, from and after the laste day of this present Session of Parliament, awarde any Processe, exacte any Pleadinge, or take any Fees, or otherwise in any pointe demeane hym or themselves, contrarie to the true meaninge of any the saide Orders, That then for every such Offence, which the saide Lorde Treasurers Remembrancer or his Deputie or any of his or their Clearkes shall comit, the person so offending, or in case any such

1 Seas 0. * So also in Original Act, but the Act is Hen. V. st. 2. c. 3.


.Z). 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 26.

1053

person so offendinge be unable to satisfie, the saide Lorde Treasurers Remembrancer hymselfe, shall forfeite and lose the summe of Twentie Poundes ; whereof the one moytie to be to your Majestie your Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to the partie grieved, to be sued for within two yeeres of the Offence comitted, by Action of Debte Bill Plainte or Information in any your Majesties Courts of Recorde at Westminster, wherein no Essoigne Protection Wager of Lawe or Priviledge shalbe allowed.

The Ordebs set downe, for respecte of Homage, by the Right Honourable Sir William Cedll, of the Honourable Order of the Garter Knight, Baron of Burghley, Lorde Treasurer of England and Master of the Courte of Wardes and Liveries, Sir Walter Mildmay Knight, Chauncellor and Vicetreasurer of her Highnes Courte of the Exchequer, Sir Edwarde Saunders Knighte, Lorde Cheife Baron of the saide Courte, and other the Barons of the same, callinge unto them Gilbert Gerrarde Esquire, her Majesties Atturney General), and Thomas Bromley Esquire, her Highnes Sollicitor Generali, and made the fifteenth day of June in the yeere of our Lorde God One thousand five hundred threescore and thirteene, and in the fifteenth yeere of the Raigne of our Sov’aigne Lady Elizabeth by the Grace of God Queene of England France and Ireland, Defender of the Faithe, &c. Accordinge to her Majesties Privie Seale to the saide Treasurer and Barons in that behalfe directed and witnessed under theire Handes as followeth

Firste, That no Processe Ad faciend homagiu & fidelitatem, or Ad faciend fidelitat, nor any Writ of Scire Facias Capias or Distresse from the Fines streated out of the Courte of Comon Pleas, shall goe out of the Treasurers Remembrancers Office, upon any supposall, upon paine by former Lawes and Statutes limited, and by the Orders of the saide Courte in that case provided, but upon a good and juste grounde, and the same shalbe vouched in everie of the saide Processes accordinge to the Booke Terme Yeere Roll and Record thereof that it may be certainelie founde ; And yet if by any knowen Recorde remayninge in that Office it may appeare the same Tenure hath been traversed, then the saide Processes to be discharged by the saide Travers without pleadinge.

2. Upon the streate of the origitiall of the Chauncerie of the first grauntf of any Landes or Tenements holden in Chiefe, or by Knightf Service or Socage in Chiefe, or of any Lycense of Alienation Pardon of Alienation Ouster le maine, generall or speciall Lyverie, or Inrolment of any of them, processe shalbe made onelie for the service due thereupon, and the parties upon the same shalbe admitted, without pleadinge as it hath bene accustomed, to make theire Fine for respecte of Homage or to doe their Fealtie forthwith, whensoever they will appeare, and pray to be received for the same, paying the Charges of theire saide Fine as hereafter is appointed.

3. Where the firste Tenant in any such Writ from the saide Originall or suclie Inrolement is returned by the Sheriff Mort or Nihil fiet, then shall goe out according to the auncient course of the saide Courte, a Distring tenent againste the Tenantf of the same Lande to the Sheriff to doe theire service due to the Kinge, and to shewe theire entrie into the same; who retuminge the Name of the Tenant of the Landes in the Writ there shall goe Processe then everie Terme againste the said new Tenantf to doe theire said service, and also to shewe their entrie, and they to loose Issues thereupon untill they come in and make their Fine for respecte of Homage or Fealtie, or doe theire Fealtie upon the same accordinge to the auncient course of the Exchequer.

4. To avoide the Charges of pleadinge, upon shewinge of any Mans Entrie, it shall be lawfull for everie person that by force of any Lycense of Alienation doeth come to any Landes or Tenementf holden in Chiefe, assured to hym in Fee Simple Fee Taile generall or special! or for tearme of Life by any manner of Conveyance in Lawe, from the partie in the firste Originall or the Inrolement of the same, to bringe the same Lycence and Conveyance to the saide Treasurers Remembrancer, and thereupon the saide Barons of the Exchequer or the saide Treasurers Remembrancer findinge the saide Lycense of Alienation to be good and agreable to the Assurance thereupon made, and likewise agreable to and from the saide Originall and from and with all the Vowchers of the same, the partie to whome such Lycense of Alienation is made shalbe received to inroll the saide Lycense onelie, and to make his Fine thereupon for respecte of Homage without any further pleadinge or other shewinge of his Title for the same; And likewise whosoever shall enter into any Lands by Liverie generall speciall or Ouster le Maine bringinge the same and the Schedule of his Liverie with hym he shall be received to like Inrolment and makinge of his Fyne without any pleadinge.

5. Likewise whoso that hath a Lycense of Alienation of Landes and Tenementf holden in Chiefe, which therebie are assured unto hym by Fync, the same person may also bringe in his said Lycence and Assurance thereupon to be examined as before in the Fourthe Article is mentioned ; And the same agreeinge together, and also agreeinge from and with the Originall, and from and with the Vowchers of the same, then the Partie to be discharged without pleadinge.

6. Where any Writ of Reversion shalbe made upon any Recorde for Landes or Tenementf wherein the Prince is in Reversion, if it doe appeare by any sufficient Matter of Recorde within the Courte that the Graunte or Recorde whereupon the saide Writ of Reversion is made is cleerelie avoided or determined, in such case the partie upon shewing for the of such Recorde shalbe discharged without pleadinge.

7. Where there be two Manners or moe, or other Landes and Tenementf of one Name, in one Countie, and the one holden of the Prince in Cheife or by Knightf Service, and the other not, in such cases where the Matter shall so appeare of Recorde, the partie that hath the Mannor or Landes so not holden shalbe discharged of the Processe, without pleadinge, and the Yssues thereupon loste to be saved.

Recovery and

Application of Penalty.

Tenor of the Orders made 15 June 1573 An. 15 Elia, by Treaturer and Barons of the Exchequer:

No Process upon Supposal.

Fines for Respite of Homage on Appearance without Plea.

Process of Distringas, Jrc. on Death, See. of Tenants.

Inrolling Licences of Alienation, Sec. and Respite of Homage, &c. thereon, without pleading.

Inrollment of Livery, Sec.

Licences of Alienation on Assurances by Fine.

Discharges on Writs of Reversion without pleading.

Issues saved on Manors not holden in Chief, &c

1054

1° Jac.I. c. 26.

A.D.\603-4,

The several Cases in which Issues lost, or to be lost, shall be discharged.

Rates of Fines and Fees on Respite of Homage.

8. The Issues loste by her Majesties Subjects, which her Highnes of her gracious favoure and goodnesse hath appointed by her Majesties Privie Seale to be discharged, be as followeth, videit. All Issues loste and to be loste upon any that are or shalbe returned Tenauntf of Lands which they have not, shalbe now discharged though they have other Lands within the Shire that could not so have bene before the saide Privie Seale was granted. All Issues loste or to be loste upon any Heire or Warde being within Age or in Custodie or cdmitted to any, shalbe now as before discharged that were wont to remaine while the Heire come to full Age. All Issues loste or to be loste upon the Comitties of any Wardes Landes by Lease as returned Tenant thereof, shall be now discharged that otherwise should have bene paide by the saide Committies if they had any Landes or Tenementf Goods or Chattels within the saide Countie. All Issues loste or to be loste upon any Lands in the Queenes Majesties Hands by extent or otherwise, shalbe now discharged, that otherwise could not have beene by the course of the Courte. All Issues loste or to be loste upon the Fannours and Tenantf of any Landes for Life Teeres or at Will, shalbe now discharged that were wonte to pay them, being returned Tenantf thereof by the Sherifff if they had any Lands or Goods within the Shire. All Issues loste or to be loste upon Tenantf of Lands in chiefe by extent, shalbe now as afore discharged, and could not so have bene before, but were alwaies leviable upon the Landes. All Issues loste or to be loste by sundrie other vexations as well by untrue Returnes and Misretumes of Sherifff and Undereheriffif shall or may be discharged moderated or otherwise ordered, as the Courte shall thinke meete that were infinite before and coulde not be discharged, but the partie was driven to take his Remedie againste the Sheriffe. All Issues loste or to be loste upon any former graunte of Landes and Tenementf in Chiefe that are afterwarde given not to be holden in Chiefe, shall be now discharged by this Privie Seale, and could no way have been remitted untill the second graunte had bene laide and pleaded. All Issues loste or to be loste by any person returned in anie Jurie in the Exchequer or in any Attaint or Jurie in the Kings Bench or C5mon Place at Westminster or in any Jurie before the Justice of Assise in any Courte within the Realms, which at the tyme of their Appearance appointed were byonde Sea in her Majesties Service or by speciall Lycence in Wridnge, or were or shalbe in prison or in Ordinarie of her Majesties Chamber or Houshold, and bound to their personall attendance there, shalbe now discharged deere that before could by no meanes be holpen.

RATA finiu p homag tenent Dne Regine p unu annu integrum respectuand, cum feod Rememorat Thesaur & p intrac finiu cum Record inde foci ac p feod Attorn p eodem anno integro exhibit Parliament.

Valor tVaj. Fines Regine. Feod Rem Thes. Pro intraf. Pro feod attomu.

Li. Li. s. d. d.

A C. ad lx. X. XX. iiii.

Li. Li. mar. d. d. By some xl d.

A lx. ad xxx. dim. XX. iiii.

Li. Li. s. d. d. i By some xx d.

A xxx. ad xx. V. XX. iiii. By some

Li. Li. d. d. d.

A xx. ad xv. xl. XX. iiii.

Li. Li. s. d. d.

A xv. ad x. ii. XX. iiii.

Li. marc. d. d. d. xl s.

A x. ad x. XX. xx. iiii. By some voluntarie ) Annuities for all < xx s. xiii s. iiii d.

Marc. s. d. d. d. 1 Matters. i xs. vi s. viii d.

Ax. ad C. X'j. Xlj. Ml. vs.

s. s. d. d. d. These never loose Issues, but have

A C. ad lx. viij. viij. iiii. theire Fines paide, whether they come or come not.

s. d. d. d.

A lx. & infra iiii. iiii. iiii.

Item, That the saide Fines shalbe paide after the saide Rate exhibited to the Parliament House and not otherwise.

.2).1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 26, 27.

1055

M


j*

ht

fc


»li


»*

St

bt

m

i

Accordinge to the saide Treasurers Remembrancers owne offer for himselfe and the Clerkes of his Office, It is Payment ofdurw ordered, That he himselfe shall pay everie Subjects Charges, as by the Courte of Exchequer shalbe set and ordered, by writ" upon that shalbe vexed by any Writ upon a supposall and not upon a good and juste grounde vouched and set downe in Suppoial, kc. everie Writ, as before is declared. The Clerkes of the saide Treasurers Remembrancers Office shall pay all Issues that any of her Majesties Subjects shall lose, after he hathe paide his ordinarie Fine for respecte of Homage to any of them for any Landes or Tenementf and so may be prooved by any of their Acquittances. W. Burhley, Wa. Mildemay,

Edwarde Saunders, George Frevile, John Birche. Ex p G. Gerrard, Thomas Bromeley. Ex p John Osborne, xvij Novembr 1601.

Provided alwaies neverthelesse and be it enacted by the Authoricie aforesaide. If in case it shall be thought fit Process for for the true knowledge and preservation of the Tenures apperteyninge to the Crowne, and so ordered in the open Courte of Exchequer, that Processe should issue out of the saide Courte againste any, that in everie such case the OrdcrsoftheCourt. saide Treasurers Remembrancer or any his Clerkes may send out the saide processe without incurringe any the Penalties of this Acte; in which case, no such Tenure appearinge to the Courte, the partie shalbe clearely dismissed without any manner of pleadinge or payinge any Fees at all.

CHAPTER XXVII.

An Acte for the better execution of the intent and meaninge of former Statutes made againste shootinge in Gunnes, and for the [Pservation of the Game of Phesantes and Partridges, and againste the destroyinge of Hares with Harepipes, and tracinge Hares in the Snowe.

FORASMUCH as there be divers good and necessarie Lawes and Statutes which do inflict and impose divers greate and heavie Penalties Punishmentf and Forfeitures, upon such as should with any Gunnes Nets Crossebowes or other Instrumentf or Engins spoile or distroy the Game of Phesantf Partridges Heame Mallarde and such like, and upon such as kill or destroy Hares with Harepipes Cordes or other Engins, or should kill any Hare by tracinge and coursinge them with Dogges in the Snow ; And neverthelesse of late yeeres the severall Games above mentioned have bene more excessivelie and outragiouslie sailed and destroyed then hath bene in former ages, especiallie by the vulgar sorte and men of small worthe, making a Trade and a Livinge of the spoylinge and destroyinge of the saide Games, who are not of sufficiencie to pay the saide Penalties in the saide Statutes mentioned, nor to answere the coste and charges of any that shoulde informe and psecute againste them in any of his saide Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, upon any of the saide penal] Lawes and Statutes, by reason whereof few Sutes have bene attempted upon the saide Lawes, and for the saide Forfeitures, wherebie the good therebie meant and hoped hath not succeeded, and therebie great scarcitie of the saide Games in all or in the rnoste parte of this Realme hath followed, and presentlie is, and so is like to be, if some remedie be not in that behalfe provided: Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That all and everie person and persons which from and after the firste day of Auguste next following, shall shoote at kill or destroy with any Gunne Crossebow Stonebow or Longbow, any Phesant Partridge House Dove or Pigeon Hearne Mallarde Ducke Teale Wigeon Grouse Heathcocke Moregame, or any such Foule, or any Hare; or after the saide firste day of Auguste shall take kill or destroy any Phesant Partridge House Dove or Pigeon, with settinge Dogges or Nets, or with any manner of Nettf Snares Engines or Instrumentf whatsoever; or shall take the Egges of any Phesant Partridge or Swannes out of the Neastf, or willinglie breake spoile or destroy the same in the Neaste; or after the saide firste day of Auguste shall trace or course any Hares in the Snow, or at any tyme take or destroy any Hares with any Harepipes Cordes or with any such Instrumentf or other Engines; And the same Offence or Offences beinge proved by the Confession of the partie, or by the testimony of two sufficient Witnesses upon Oathe, before two or more Justices of Peace of the same Countie Citie or Towne Corporate wherein the offence shalbe comitted, or the partie offendinge apprehended, shall be by the saide Justices of Peace for everie such Offence comitted to the Comon Goale of the saide Countie Citie or Towne Corporate where the Offence shalbe comitted, or the parties apprehended, there to remaine for Three Moneths without Bayle or Maineprise, unlesse that the saide Offendour doe or shall forthwith upon the saide Conviction paie or cause to be paide to the Churchwardens of the saide Parishe where the saide Offence shalbe comitted, or the partie apprehended, to the use of the Poore of the saide Parish the summe of Twentie shillingf for everie Phesant Partridge House Dove Pigeon Hearne Mallarde Ducke Teale Wigeon Grouse Heathcocke Moregame or any such Foule, and for everie Egge of Phesant Partridge or Swannes, and for everie Hare which any and everie such person and persons so offendinge, and convicted as aforesaide, shall take kill or willinglie destroy, contrarie to the true purport and true meaninge of this Statute; or after one Moneth after his Comitment, together with two sufficient Sureties become bounde by Recognizance in the summe of Twentie pounds a piece to the Kings Majesties use, his Heires and Successors, with condition that he the saide partie so offendinge shall not at any time hereafter shoote at kill take or destroy any of the saide Games before mentioned, by any of the meanes aforesaide; which saide Recognizances shall be taken by any two or more Justices of Peace of the saide Counde Citie or Towne Corporate where the Offendour shalbe so imprisoned as aforesaide, and shalbe retoumed to the then next Quarter Sessions, and there to remaine of Recorde as other Recognizances taken for the Peace.

Transgression of Acts for Protection of Game, by Persons not able to pay the Penalties;

Penalty on Persons shooting, &c. any Pheasant, Partridge, Sec. or Hare; or taking such Birds with Nets.fcc.; or taking Eggs ; or tracing Hares in Snow, iec. or taking them with Hare-pipes; Imprisonment for Three Months, unless they pay aos. per Head, &c. or, after one Month's Imprisonment, give Security for good Behaviour.

Gck >ole

Original from PENN STATE

1056

i° Jac.i. c.zr.

A.D. 1603-4,

ij.

Penalty on unqualified Peraom, (viz. not having jfio per Annum Freehold, 4c. or sSiOO Peraonalty) keeping any Greyhound, 4c. 40«.

And for the better preservation of Deare Hares and other the Games aforesaide, Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That all and everie person and psons which from or after the saide firste day of Auguste shall have or keepe any Greyhound for coursinge of Deare or Hare, or Setting Dogge or Dogges, or Nette or Nettf, to take Phesants or Partridges, (except such person or persons which shalbe seized in their owne Right or in the Right of their Wives, of Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf of the clears yearelie value of Tenne poundes by the yeare or more, over and above all Charges and Reprises, of some Estate of Inheritance, or of Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf in his owne Right or in the Right of his Wife, for tearme of Life or Lives, of the yeerelie value of thirtie poundes, over and above all Charges and Reprises, or be posseste of Goods or Chattels to the full value of Two hundred pounds to his owne use, or be the sonne or sonnes of any Knight, or of any Baron of Parliament, or of some pson of higher Degree, or the Sonne and Heire Apparent of any Esquire,) and beinge thereof convicted as aforesaide, shall by the saide Justices of Peace be comitted and imprisoned in manner and forme as in and by this (Psent Acte before is expressed specified and declared ; excepte such person and persons so offendinge, and thereof convicted as aforesaide, doe foorthwith pay or cause to be paide to the Churchwardens of the saide Parishe where the said Offence shalbe comitted, or the partie apprehended, to the use of the Poore of the saide Parishe the sume of fourde shillingf of good and lawfull Money of England.

HI.

Penalties on selling, or buying to sell. Deer, Hare, Partridge, or Pheasant,

40$. jos. and 20s. per Head.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That everie person and persons which at any tyme after the saide firste day of Auguste shall sell, or buy to sell againe, any Deere Hare Partridge or Phesanr, (except Partridge and Phesantf reared and brought up in House or Houses, or brought from beyond the Seas) shall forfeite for every Deere so bought and sold Fortie shillingf, for everie Hare Tenne shillingf, and for everie Partridge Tenne shillingf, and for everie Phesant so to be bought and solde, Twentie Shillingf; of all which forfeitures the one moytie shall be to hym or them that will sue for the same by Bill Indictment or Information; And the other moytie to the Poore of the Parishe where the said Offence or Offences shall be comitted.

IV.

None shall be punished for such Offences under former Laws, 4c. Justices may determine Offences.

V.

Pheasants and Partridges may be taken in the Day-time with Nets, by qualified Persons, from Michaelmas to Christmas.

VI.

Licences to shoot ...mall Birds for Hawk’s Meat.

VII.

Continuance of Act.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no person or psons shall or may after the saide firste day of Auguste be punished by force of any former Statute or Law for any of the saide Offences for which by force of this I.awe any Punishment shalbe inflicted; and that all Justices of Assise in theire scverall Circuitf, and all Justices of the Peace in theire Generali Quarter Sessions, and any two Justices of Peace or more together out of any Sessions, shall and may by force of this p>sent Acte have full power and authoritie to examine heare punish and determine all Offences to be comitted againste this psent Statute, and to administer Othes as aforesaide, and pforme and execute all and everie Acte and Thinge fit or requisite for the due execution of this psent Acte.

Provided alwaies. That it shall and may be lawfull for everie person or psons which have or shall have free Warren, and to and for every Lorde of a Mannour, and to everie Freeholder which is or shalbe seised in his owne Right or in the Right of his Wife, of Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf to the deare yeerelie value of Tenne pounds or more by the yecre, over and above all Charges or Reprises of some Estate of Inheritance, or of Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf in his owne Right or in the Right of his Wife, for terme of Life or Lives, of the yeerelie value of Thirtie poundes, over and above all Charges and Reprises, or be or which shalbe worthe in Goods or Chattels Two hundreth poundes by hym or themselves, or by his or theire Meniall Servantf, (sufficientlie authorized from his or theire Master for that purpose) to take Phesantf and Partridges in the Day tyme onelie with Nets, in and upon his and their owne, or his and theire Masters Free-Warren Mannor and Freehold, or on any parte of them, betwixte the Feaste of Saint Michael the Archangell and the Feaste of the Birthe of our Lorde God, yeerelie; any thinge in this Lawe to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And be it also further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That it shall and may be lawfull to and for everie person and psons keepinge any Hawke or Hawkes, which at the General Quarter Sessions of the Countie (where hee and they shall dwell) shalbe licensed to shoote Haile Shot in Hand Guns or Birding Peece, at Crowe Chough Pie Rooke Ringdove Jey or smaller Birdes, for Hawkes meate onelie, to shoote and kill Hawkes meate, accordinge to the said License onelie; so that such parue so to be licensed doe at the same Quarter Sessions wherein he shalbe licensed become bounde to the Kings Majestie by Recognizance in Twende pounds not to shoote at any the Foule or Game, at which shoounge is prohibited by this Lawe ; and so that hee or they shall not shoote in any Hand Gunne or other Gunne within sixe hundreth paces of any Hernerie, nor within one hundreth paces of any Pigeon House, or in any Parke Forrest or Chace, whereof the partie so licensed, or his Master, is or shall not be the Owner Keeper or Governour; for which Hycense and Recognizance the Clearke of the Peace is to take onelie Twelve pence, and no more.

This Law to condnue to the ende of the firste Session of the nexte Parliament.

A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 28.

1057

s!

I’v

u

V

S

S


it*

'*i

H

•h*

ik

fSa,

®Bi

«*l

hi

lit

’em

Kill

■it

ill

kit

hi

lie

hi

oi

km

rC*

i«

ill

0>

I*

CHAPTER XXVIH.

An Acte for Confirmation of the Kinges Majesties Charter and Letters Patentes graunted to the Mayor Bayliffes and Burgesses of the Burroughe of Berwicke upon Twede, and theire Successors, and of the Franchises Liberties Priviledges Jurisdictions and Customes of the saide Burroughe.

IN all humblenes beseeche your moste excellent Majestie your moste bounden and moste faithfull Subjects the Mayor Baylifff and Burgesses of your Majesties Boroughe of Berwicke upon Twede, That Whereas since such tyme as the saide Burroughe of Berwicke firste became Englishe, your Majesties moste noble Progenitors Kings and Queenes of this Lande, have successivelie by their Charters and Letters Patent under the Greate Seale of England, graunted and confirmed to the saide Burrough sundrie Franchises Priviledges Jurisdictions Liberties Freedoms and Immunities; which, together with other the Rights Customes and Usages to the saide Burroughe apperteyninge, have bene confirmed and saved to the saide Burrough by divers Acts and Statutf in sundrie Parliamentf of this Realme, and are allowed and approved by sundrie Orders Judgementf and Decrees in your Majesties Courts at Westminster and elswhere within this your Highnes Realme of England: And Whereas your Majestie, since the beginninge of this present Parliament, by your Highnes Charter and Letters Patent under the Greate Seale of England, bearinge date at Westminster the thirtieth day of Aprill, in the yeere of your Reigne of England France and Ireland the Seconde, and of Scotland the seven and thirtieth, have given granted and confirmed to the saide Mayor Baylifff and Burgesses of the saide Borough of Berwicke upon Twede, and their Successors for ever, divers Franchises Priviledges Jurisdictions Liberties Freedomes Immunities Exemptions Quietances Rights Usages and Customes: And Whereas also your Majestie by your Highnes saide Charter and Letters Patent, bearinge date as aforesaide, hath given and granted to the saide Mayor Baylifff and Burgesses of the saide Burrough of Berwicke upon Twede, and their Successors for ever, all that the Seignorie Mannor Burrough Towne and Soke of Berwicke upon Twede aforesaide, with all and singuler the Rights Members and Appurtenances thereunto belonginge, and also all those Landes and Fieldes neere unto the saide Burrough adjoyninge, comonlie called the Feildes and Boundf of Berwicke; and also all those Messuages Houses Edifices Buildings Cottages Landes Tenementf Meadowes Pastures Feedingf Wastf Comons Grounde and Soile, and all other Hereditamentf whatsoever, with the Appurtenances scituate lyinge and beinge within the saide Seignorie Mannor Burrough Towne and Soke, and in and within the saide Feildf and Boundf of Berwicke aforesaide, and the Suburbs Limits Liberties and Precinctf thereof, (exceptinge and reservinge as in your Majesties saide Charter and Letters Patent is excepted and reserved), to have hold use and enjoy the saide Franchises Priviledges Jurisdictions Liberties Freedomes Immunities Exemptions Quietances Rights Usages and Customes, and the said Seignory Mannor Burrough Towne and Soke, and the said Feildf and Boundf of Berwicke aforesaide, and the saide Messuages Houses Edifices Buildings Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf, with all theire Rights Members and Appurtenances whatsoever, in your Majesties saide Charter and Letters Pattern conteined mentioned or expressed, (except before excepted,) to the said Mayor Baylifff and Burgesses of the saide Burrough of Berwicke upon Twede, and their Successors for ever, by and under suche Tenures Rents Reservacttns and Services as in your Majesties saide Charter and Letters Pattern are expressed, as in and by your Majesties saide Charter and Letters Patent more at large appeareth: May it therefore please your moste excellent Majestie, of your aboundant Grace and Bountie, and of your Majesties especiall favoure and gracious Disposition and Inclination towards the Advancement and Establishment of the estate and publique good of the saide Burroughe of Berwicke, That it may be ordeined enacted adjudged and established by your Majestie, with the Assent and Consent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Cdmons of this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, and be it enacted and adjudged by the authoritie of the same, That the saide The said Charter Charter and Letters Patent so to the saide Mayor Baylifff and Burgesses, and theire Successors, by your Majestie made ^nfimeTby*1'"1 and graunted as aforesaide, and all Grauntf and Things therein conteined mentioned or expressed, from and after the Parliament f end of this p>sent Session of Parliament shall stand remaine continue and be, and from thencefoorth for ever be taken reputed deemed and adjudged good sure perfecte effectuall and availeable in the Lawe to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes againste your Majestie your Heires and Successors, accordinge to the purporte true intent and meaninge of the same: And that the saide Mayor Baylifff and Burgesses of the saide Burrough of Berwicke upon Twede, and And ill Franchises, theire Successors, shall and may from thenceforth for ever after, have holde use and enjoy the saide Franchises ^he"Miyo™Biiliff» Priviledges Jurisdictions Liberties Freedomes Immunities Exemptions Quietances Rights Usages and Customes, and »ad Burgesses, also the saide Seignory Mannour Burrough Towne and Soke, and the saide Feildf and Boundf of Berwicke aforesaide, and the saide Mesuages Houses Edifices Buildings Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf, and all other things whatsoever in your Majesties saide Charter and Letters Patent graunted conteined mentioned or expressed, with all and everie of their Rights Members and Appurtenances, and everie parte and parcell thereof, (excepte as in the saide Charter and Letters Patent is excepted,) under the Tenures Rents Reservations and Services in your Majesties saide Charter and Letters Patentf conteined mentioned and expressed, againste your Majestie your Heires and Successors, accordinge to the purporte true intent and meaninge of the same; And also that the saide Mayor Baylifff and Burgenses of the saide Burrough of Berwicke upon Twede, and their Successors, shall and may from thenceforth for ever after have holde use and enjoy all Franchises Liberties Freedome Priviledges Jurisdictions and Customes which now are, or at any tyme heretofore were to the saide Burrough belonginge or appertayninge, and which are graunted or confirmed, or meant or mentioned to be granted or confirmed in and by the saide Charter and Letters Patent, accordinge to the purporte true intent and meaning of the same.

Franchises, Sic. granted to the Borough of Berwick, lince iti becoming Englith

Charter and Letters Patent 30 April, An. 2 Jac. I. to the said Borough;

Tenor of such Charter and LeUera Patent;


12 N

1058

1° Jac. I. c. 28,29.

II.

General Saving for Title* of Strangeri.

For Increaic of Seamen by the Fisheries;

No Licence under 5 Elia. c. j.

§ 13, 14. shall authorize Persons to eat Meat in Lent.

II.

Butchers shall not kill Beasts in Lent, except for victualling the Navy, &c.

in.

Justices may enter Victuallers'Houses, and search for and seize Meat in Lent.

IV.

Penalties on Innkeepers dressing Flesh in Lent.

V.

Continuance of Act.

A.D. 1603-4.

Savings to everie person and persons Bodies Politicke and Corporate, theire Heires and Successors, (other then your Majestie your Heires and Successors,) all such Estate Right Tide Action Lease Interest Condition Service Rente Profit Charge Emolumentf Hereditament? and other Demand whatsoever, as they or any of them lawfullie have or hereafter lawfullie may have or clayme of in to or out of the saide Seignorie Mannor Burrough Towne and Soke, and the saide Feildes and Bound? of Berwicke aforesaide, and the saide Messuages Houses Land? Tenement? and Hereditament? and other Thing? in your Majesties saide Charter and Letters Patent graunted conteined mentioned and expressed, or any part thereof, in as ample and beneficiall manner to all intent? and purposes as if this Acte had never bene made: And your saide Subject? shall daylie pray to God for your Majestie in all Honor Prosperide and Safede longe to reigne over us.

CHAPTER XXIX.

An Acte to encourage the Seamen of England to take Fishe, wherebie they may encrease to fumishe the Navie

of England.

FOR the better increase of Seamen, to be readie at all tymes to serve in the King? Majesues Navie and the Navie of England, of which the Fishermen of England have ever bene the chiefest Seminarie and Nurserie, which in this latter Age have greatlie decayed j Bee it enacted by the King? moste excellent Majestie the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by the authoride of the same, That no Lycence or Lycences heretofore made or graunted, or hereafter to be made or graunted, to any sicke or infirme person or .psons to eate Fleshe, during the tyme of his her or theire Sicknesse or Infirmitie, by force of the Statute of Anno quinto Regine Elizabeth, shall from the Feaste of Saint Michael next cominge be any sufficient Warrant to any such person or persons to eate any Beefe Veale Porke Mutton or Bacon in the tyme of Lent, or upon any day now observed as a Fishe day; but that the saide sicke or infirme person or persons shall, for dressinge or eatinge of such Beefe Veale Porke Mutton or Bacon, incurre the danger and penalde comprised therefore in the saide Statute, notwithstandinge any suche Licence heretofore granted, or hereafter to be granted to the contrarie.

And be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaide, That no Butcher or other person, whether he be licenced or not licenced to kill Fleshe, shall from henceforth at any tyme in the tyme of Lent kill or dresse to the intent to put to sale any Oxe or Oxen Beeves Beevets Hogges Calves Rammes Ewes or Weathers, except Oxen or Beeves for victualling of Shippes into forreine part?, and except all Fleshe to be killed three dayes next before Easter yeerelie, upon paine to forfeit and loose the same Oxen Beeves Beevets Hogges Calves Rammes Ewes and Weathers so killed and dressed contrarie to this Statute, or the value of them.

And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace, Mayors Bailiff? Head Officers and Constables, aswell of Gties and Townes Corporate as in everie Counde of this Realme, shall have power and authoride by force of this Acte, yeerelie in the tyme of Lent, to enter into all Howses of Victuallers and common victuallinge Houses within theire Jurisdictions, where such Offences shall be suspected to be comitted, and findinge any such Oxen Beeves Beevets Hogges Calves Rammes Ewes or Weathers killed or dressed, or any parte or parcell of the same, contrary to this Statute, shall take and seize the same as forfeited, and shall give and distribute the same to Prisoners and other poore Folkes by theire discretion.

And because the greatest Disorder and Libertie in eating of Fleshe upon Fish daies and Dayes prohibited by the Lawe, is comonlie founde to be in Tavemes comon Innes Tabling Houses Cookes Houses Ale Houses and Tipling Houses: Be it therefore enacted, That everie Taverner Innekeeper Keeper of everie c5mon Tabling House comon Cooke comon Typler or Alehouse Keeper, offendinge at any tyme hereafter in the dressinge of any Fleshe Victuall contrarie to the saide Statute of Anno quinto Elizabeth, or contrarie to this Statute, shall not onelie forfeit all the saide Fleshe so dressed, but also the penaltie imposed by the same Statute of Anno quinto Elizabeth, for everie Offence to be comitted after the Feaste of Saint Michael the Archangell next cominge ; the one halfe of all which Forfeitures, (except such Forfeitures as shalbe founde and taken by the Justices of Peace Mayors Bailiff? Head Officers and Constables, accordinge to the tenor of this Acte), shall be to our Sov'aigne Lorde the Kinge; and the other halfe to such person or psons as shall sue or informe for the same in any Court of Recorde, by Action of Debte Bill Plainte or Information, wherein no Essoyne Protection or Wager of Lawe shall be allowed to the Defendant.

This Acte to contynue to the ende of the firste Session of the nexte Parliament.


A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 30.

1059

CHAPTER XXX.

An Acte for the erectinge and buildinge of a Churche in Melcombe Regis, to be the Parishe Churche of Radipoll; and for makinge the oulde Churche of Radipoll a Chappell belonginge to the same.

THERE AS there is in the Countie of Dorset within the Diocesse of Bristoll, one Parishe Church called by the ?T Name of the Parishe Churche of Radipol, whereunto the Inhabitantf of that parte of the late united Towne of Waymouth and Melcombe Regis in the saide Countie of Dorset, before the saide Union comonlie called and knowne by the Name of Melcombe Regis, are Parishoners, which Parishe Church of Radipoll is foil distante from any parte of Melcombe Regis aforesaide one mile and a halfe at the leaste and is so little of itselfe that the sixte parte of the Parishoners of that Parishe cannot at one tyme be convenientlie therein received: And Whereas also there is in the same Melcomb Regis one little Chappell of Ease which is not able for the smalnesse thereof convenientlie to receave above the one halfe of the saide Inhabitantf, by the meanes whereof the saide Inhabitantf of Melcombe Regis being in number tenne for one unto all the Residue of the saide Parishe have bene greatlie annoyed and much hindred for theire cominge to Gods Divine Service, as unto the duetie of all good Christians appertaineth ; the saide Inhabitantf bordering upon the maine Sea, well consideringe the Damages and Dangers which they are subjecte unto, and may happen unto them in theire Houses and Shippes either by Fire Tempestf Incursion of forreine Enemie or of Rovers and Pirates who in the tyme of Divine Service with small force may surprise robbe spoile and set on (ire all theire Houses and Shippes, and without danger departe before such tyme as the same Inhabitantf can repaire home from the saide Parishe Church to make resistance: For Reformation and preventinge of the saide griefes and daungers the saide Inhabitantf there moste humblie beseech that it would please the Kings Highnes by the Assent and Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall with the Comons assembled in this p*sent Parliament, and by the Authoritie of the same to enacte, and be it enacted, That the Inhabitantf of that parte of the saide Towne which was knowne by the Name of Melcomb Regis, may at theire owne proper Costs and Charges, upon the Ground where the saide now Chappell standeth, and upon the Grounds next adjoyninge, to erecte builde and make a Church fit and convenient to receive all the Inhitantf of the Parishe of Radipoll to heare Divine Service and to inclose the waste Grounds which abutte upon the North and South sides of the same Chappell, beinge Parcell of the Possessions of the saide Towne of Waymouth & Melcomb Regis to make a fitt and convenient Churchyarde and Place to burie the dead Bodies of the same Parish; And if there be not sufficient of the Grounds of the said Towne adjoyninge to the same Place where the same Church shall be erected made and built, to make a Churchyarde and Place of Buriall, That then it shall be lawful for the Inhabitantf of that Parte which was called Melcomb Regis as aforesaide to procure and purchase so much of the Grounds neere adjoyninge to the saide waste Grounds as may be fit for the intent and purpose aforesaide, which Grounde so purchased it shalbe lawfull for them also to enclose to make a fit Place for a Churchyarde and Place of Buriall; And from and after that such Church shalbe so erected builded and made, and such Churchyarde and Place of Buriall shalbe inclosed, then and from thenceforth the saide Churche so erected made and builte, with a Churchyarde or Buriall Place as aforesaide, shall bee and shall bee called and knowne by the Name of the Parochiall Church of Radipoll, and that such Divine Service Buriall of Dead and all other Parochiall Rights, which of Duetie formerlie were and of Right ought to be saide done or celebrated by the Parson or Incumbent of the saide olde Church of Radipoll and his Successors, at and within the saide old Church and Churchyarde for the Inhabitantf of Melcombe Regis, shall from and after such tyme as such new Church shalbe so erected made and builded, and such Churchyarde and Place of Buriall shall be so inclosed, be celebrated done and administered at and within the saide new Parishe Church and Churchyarde by the saide Parson and Incumbent and his Successors for ever heereafter; And that the now Parson and Incumbent of Radipoll aforesaide and his Successors, from and after such tyme as the saide new Church shall be so erected made and built with a Churchyarde and Place of Buriall, shall bee Parsons and Incumbent successivelie of the same new Church and Churchyarde : And that that from henceforth the saide olde Parochiall Church of Radipoll shall be and shalbe reputed to be but a Chappell of Ease for the Inhabitauntf of the Village or Hamlett of Radipoll, and shall bee from thence called and knowne by the Name of the Chappell of Radipoll; And yet neverthelesse the same Chaypell shall reteine and have for the Inhitantf of the saide Village or Hamlett of Radipoll onelie all and everie such Parochiall Rights to be done and celebrated by the Parson and Incumbent of the saide new Church and by his Successors for ever or by his or theire sufficient Curate as were done and celebrated before the makinge of this Acte in the saide olde Church or Churchyarde.

And the saide Inhabitantf of Melcombe Regis aforesaide humblie pray that it may be further enacted by the Authoritie of this present Parliament, and be it enacted by the Authoritie of the same, That the now Patron and Patrons, which have any Estate or Estates in Possession Reversion or Remainder of or in the Patronage of the saide olde Parishe Church of Radipoll, shall have such and the like Estate and Estates Right Title and Titles of and in the Patronage of the saide new Church so to be erected made and builte as he and they now have of in and to the Patronage of the saide old Church; And that it shalbe lawfoll for hym and them accordinge to theire Rights and Estates respectively from tyme to tyme for ever hereafter from and after the Death of such Parson as shalbe the first Incumbent of the same new Church, by the intente of this Acte to psent upon everie vacation a fit Parson to be Incumbent of the saide new erected Church; which Parson and Parsons and his and theire Successours so successivelie to be presented after Institution and Induction, shall be Incumbent and Incumbents successivelie of the saide new

Parish Church of Radipoll, and a Chapel at Melcombe Regia, insufficient for the United Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regia i

Inhabitants of Melcomb may erect and make a Church and Churchyard, on the Scite of the Chapel and Land adjoining i

Such Church, Stc. shall be the Parochial Church of Radipoll;

And the present Parson of Radipoll shall be Incumbent thereof s

The Old Church shall become a Chapel of Ease for the Hamlet of Radipoll; but with Parochial Rights.

II.

Patron of the Old Church shall become Patron of the New.

1060

1° Jac. I. c. 30, 31.

A.D. 1603-4.

Church and of the saide intended Chappell, and shall have and enjoy such Houses Gleebes Tithes Profittf and Cdmodides as the now Incumbent of Radipoll by the true meaninge of this Acte ought to have or any of his predecessors Parsons of Radipoll aforesaide ought of right to have had and enjoyed.

III.

A Rectory House, &c. provided for the Incumbent of the New Church.

And for the better performance of the pmisses, and to the intent the Incumbent of the saide new Church and his Successors may have a convenient Place of Habitation at that parte of the saide Towne which was knowne by the Name or Names of Melcombe Regis aforesaide, The saide Inhabitantf of Melcombe Regis aforesaide humblie pray that it may be enacted by the Authoride of this p>sent Parliament, and be it enacted by the Authoride of the same, That from and after the erection of the saide new Church one Mansion House with a Backside and Garden thereto adjoyning, now the Inheritance of one Thomas Barfoote Mayor of Waymouth and Melcombe Regis aforesaid, scituate and beinge in the Easte Street of that parte of the saide Towne which before the said Union was called Melcombe Regis, boundinge in the North side upon one Messuage now in the Possession of one Andrew Keyche, and on the Southside upon a Messuage now in the Possession of one William Hiet, and on the Easte parte on the maine Sea, and on the Weste parte on the saide Streete, shall be to the saide Parson and Incumbent of the saide new Church and his Successors Parsons and Incumbentf there for ever; And that the saide Parson and Incumbent and his Successors shall by the Authoride of this present Parliament bee and adjudged to be from the new erecting makinge and buildinge of the saide Church seised in his Demesne as of Fee as in the Right of the saide Church of and in the saide House Backeside and Garden, and the saide House Backside and Garden shall be thenceforth for ever Parcel! of the saide Rectorie of Radipoll.

IV. , General Saving.

Savinoe to all and everie other Person and Persons Bodies Politique and Corporate their Heires and Successors, other then to the saide Thomas Barefoote and other then to the Mayor Aldermen Baylifff Burgesses and Cominalde of Waymouth aforesaide, all such Right Tide and Interest of in and to the saide House Garden and Backside and to everie of them as they and everie or any of them had at the tyme of the makinge of this psent Acte.

For preventing Infection, Sic. by the Hague,

Mayors, &c. of Cities and Towns Corporate empowered to assess the Inhabitants for Relief of infected Persons;

Rates shall be leviable by Distress, &c.

Counties may be assessed by Justices, in aid of Cities, &c. if requisite.

CHAPTER XXXI.

An Acte for the charitable Reliefe and orderinge of psons infected with the Plague.

FlRASMUCH as the Inhabitant of divers Cities Boroughes Townes Corporate and of other Parishes and Places beinge visited with the Plague are founde to be unable to relieve the poorer sorte of such People so infected, who of necesside muste be by some charitable course provided for, Ieste they should wander abroad and thereby infecte others; And Forasmuch as divers persons infected with that Disease, and other inhitinge in Houses and Places infected, as well poore People and unable to relieve themselves that are carefullie provided for, as others which of themselves are of Abilitie, beinge comanded by the Magistrate or Officer, of or within the Place where the Infection shal be, to keepe theire Houses or otherwise to seperate themselves from Companie for the avoidinge of further infection, doe notwithstandinge very dangerouslie and disorderlie misdemeane themselves: Be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie of this present Parliament, That the Mayor Baylifff Head Officers and Justices of Peace of everie Citie Borough Towne Corporate and Places priviledged, where any Mayor and Baylifff Head Officers or Justices of Peace are or shall bee, or any two of them, shall have Power and Authoritie from tyme to tyme to taxe and assesse all and everie Inhabitant, and all Houses of Habitation Lands Tenementf and Hereditam'f, within the saide Citie Borough Towne Corporate and Places priviledged, or the Liberties or Precinctf thereof, at such reasonable Taxes and Paymentf as they shall thinke fit for the reasonable Reliefe of such persons infected, or inhabitinge in Houses and Places infected, in the same Cities Boroughes and Townes Corporate and Places priviledged, and from tyme to tyme to levie the same Taxes of the Goods of everie person refusinge or neglectinge to pay the saide Taxes, by Warrant under the Hand and Seale of the Mayor and Baylifff and Head Officers aforesaide, or two suche Justices of Peace, to be directed to any pson or psons for the Execution thereof; And if the Partie to whome such Warrant is or shalbe directed shall not finde any Goods to levie the same, and the Partie taxed shall refuse to pay the same Taxe, That then upon Returne thereof, the saide Mayor Baylifff Head Officers or Justices of Peace or any two of them shall by like Warrant under theire Hands and Seales cause the same person so taxed to be arrested and comitted to the Gaole without Bade or Maineprise untill he shall satisfie the same TaxacSn and the Arrerages thereof: And if the Inhabitantf of any such Citie Burrough Towne Corporate or Place priviledged, shall finde themselves unable to relieve theire saide poore infected persons and others as aforesaide, that then upon Certificate thereof by the Mayor Bayliffe Head Officers and other the saide Justices of Peace, or any two of them, to the Justices of Peace of the Countie of or neere to the saide Citie Borough Towne Corporate or priviledged place so infected, or any two of them, to be made, the saide Justices of or neere the saide Countie, or any two of them, shall or may taxe and assesse the Inhabitantf of the Countie within five miles of the saide place infected, at such reasonable weekelie Taxes and Rates as they shall thinke fit to be levied by Warrant from any such two Justices of Peace of or neere the Countie by sale of Goods, and in Default thereof, by Imprisonment of the Bodie of the Partie taxed as aforesaide:

A.D. 1603-4.

1° Jac. I. c. 31

1061

H

'V.

S



*k»

Ml

*S»

«*

B5:

»SS

ih

is

fib

is

k;

M

it

N

HI

K

h

i#

it

b

b

is

b

4*



0


b

0

And if any such Infection shalbe in any Borough Towne Corporate or priviledged Place where there are or shalbe no Justices of Peace, or in any Village or Hamlett within any Countie, that then it shall and may be lawfull for any two Justices of Peace of the saide Countie wherein the saide Place infected is or shalbe, to taxe and assesse the Inhabitantf of the saide Countie, within five miles of the saide Place infected, at such reasonable weekelie Taxes and Rates as they shall thinke fit for the reasonable Reliefs of the saide places infected, to be levied by warrant from the saide Justices of Peace of the same Countie by sale of Goods, and in default thereof by Imprisonment of the bodie of every parde so taxed as aforesaide: The same Taxes made by the saide Jusdces of Peace of the Counde for the reliefs of such Cides Boroughes Townes Corporate and Places priviledged where there are no Jusdces of Peace, to be disposed as they shall thinke ft. And where there are Jusdces of Peace, then in such sorte as to the Mayor Bailiff Head Officers and Jusdces of Peace there, or any two of them, shall seeme fitt and convenient: All which Taxes and Rates made within any such Cide Borough Towne Corporate or Place priviledged, shall be cerdfed at the next Quarter Sessions to be holden within the same Cide Borough Towne Corporate or Place priviledged; And the saide Taxes and Rates made within any parte of the saide Counde, shall in like sorte be cerdfed at the next Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the saide Counde: And that if the Jusdces of Peace at such Quarter Sessions respecdvelie, or the more part of them, shall thinke it fit the saide Taxe or Rate should contynue, or be inlarged or extended to any other parts of the Counde, or otherwise determined, then the same to be so enlarged extended or determined increased or taxed and levied in manner and forme aforesaid, as to the said Jusdces at the Quarter Sessions respectively shalbe thought fit and convenient; and everie Constable and other Officer that shall wiifullie make default in levyinge such Money as they shall be comanded by the saide Warrant or Warrantf, shall forfeite for everie such Offence Ten shillingf, to be imployed on the charitable uses aforesaide.

And be it further enacted, That if any person or psons infected, or beinge or dwellinge in any House infected, shall be by the Mayor Baylifff Constable or other Head Officer of any Cide Borough Towne Corporate priviledged Place or Market Towne, or by any Jusdce of Peace Constable Headboroughe or other Officer of the Counde, (if any such Infecdon be out of any Cide Borough Towne Corporate priviledged Place or Market Towne,) comanded or appointed as aforesaide, to keepe his or theire House for avoidinge of farther Infecdon, and shall notwithstandinge wiifullie and contemptuouslie disobey such Direcdon and Appointment, offeringe and attemptinge to breake and goe Abroade and to resiste, or goinge Abroade and resistinge, such Keepers or Watchmen as shall be appointed as aforesaide, to see them kepte in, that then it shall be lawfull for such Watchmen, with violence to enforce them to keepe theire Houses; And if any hurte come by such enforcement to such disobedient persons, that then the saide Keepers Watchmen and any other their Assistantf shall not be impeached therefore; And if any infected person as aforesaide so comanded to keepe House, shall contrarie to such Comandement wiifullie and contemptuously goe abroade, and shall converse in companie, havinge any infectious sore upon hym uncured, that then such person and persons shalbe taken deemed and adjudged as a Felon, and to suffer Paines of Death as in case of Felonie; but if such person shall not have any such sore found about hym, then for his saide Offence to be punished as a Vagabond in all respects should or ought to be by the Statute made in the nyne and thirtieth yeere of the Reigne of our late So^aing I adlp Queene Elizabeth for the punishment of Rogues and Vagabondf, and further to be bounde to his or theire good behaviour for one whole yeere. Provided, That no Attainder of Felonie by vertue of this Acte shall extend to any Attainder or Corruption of Blood, or forfeiture of any Goods Chattels Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf.

And be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaide, That it shall be lawfull for Jusdces of Peace Mayors Baylifff and other Head Officers aforesaide to appointe, within the severall Limittf, Searchers Watchmen Examiners Keepers and Buriers, for the persons and places respecdvelie infected as aforesaide; and to minister unto them Othes for the pfonnance of their Offices of Searchers Examiners Watchmen Keepers and Buriers, and give them other directions, as unto them for the present necesside shall seeme good in theire discretions. And this Acte to continue no longer then untill the ende of the firste Session of the next Parliament.

(•) Provided alwaies and be it enacted by authoride of this psent Parliament, That no Mayor Baylifff Head Officers or any Jusdces of Peace shall, by force or p*text of any thinge in this Acte conteined, doe or execute any thinge before mentioned, within either the Universities of Cambridge or Oxforde, or within any Cathedrall Church, or the Liberties or Precinctf thereof, in this Realme of England, or within the Colledges of Eaton or Winchester; But that the Vicechauncellor of either of the Universities for the tyme beinge, within either of the same respecdvelie, and the Bishop and Deane of everie such Cathedrall Church, or one of them, within such Cathedrall Church, and the Provost or Warden of either of the saide Colledges within the same, shall have all such power and authoride, and shall doe and execute all and everie such Acte and Acts Thinge and Things in this Acte before mentioned, within theire severall Precinctf and Jurisdictions abovesaide, as whollie absolutelie and fullie to all Intentf and Purposes as any Mayor Bailifff Head Officers or Justices of Peace within theire severall Precinctf and Jurisdictions may elswhere by force of this Acte doe and execute.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


xa O

/•*

Certificate of Assessment to Quarter Sessions, who may increase the Rate, See.

II.

Infected Persons compellable by force to keep within their Houte:

Penalty on infected Pertoni going out. Felony, See.

III. Appointment of Searchers, Watchmen, See.

Continuance of this Act.

IV.

Prorito for Execution of thii Act within the Universities, Eton, and Winchester.

1062

1° Jac. I. c. 32, 33.

.4. D. 1603-4.

Certain Tonnage Dutiet granted on Ships, to be applied to the Repair of Dorer Haven:

Penalty on Officers of the Customs neglecting to collect and account for the same.

CHAPTER XXXII.

An Act for repaire of Dover Haven.

BE it enacted by authoritie of this f>>sent Parliament, That from and after the end of this Session of Parliament, duringe the space of seaven yeeres next ensuinge, and no longer, there shall bee paide by the Maister or Owner of everie Ship Vessell or Crayer, (other then the Shippes Vessels or Crayers of Lyme Regis in the Countie of Dorset,) whereof any of his Majesties Subjects of England shalbe Owners or Part Owners, of the Burthen of Twentie Tunnes or upward, for everie Voyage loadinge or discharginge within this Realme, to or from any forraine Countrie beyond the Seas, and passinge to or from London, or for from to or by Dover, or edminge into the Harboure there, not havinge a Coquet, testifyinge his payment before for that Voyage, towards the repaire of Dover Haven, the summe of three pence for everie Tunne of the Burthen of everie such Vessell or Crayer; except Vessels loaden with Sea coales or Grindstones, and for everie Chaldron of Sea coales or Grindstones, pennie halfe pennie; the same to be paide to the Customer or Collectour of Customes or Subsidies, or theire Deputies within this Realme, from whence such Ships Vessell or Crayer shall come, or where such Shippe Vessell or Crayer shall arrive, before they loade or unloade the Goods therein; the accompt of the number of the saide Tunnes to bee made accordinge to the entrie of Goods in everie such Shippe Vessell or Crayer in the Custom House, and no entrie thereof to be allowed in any Office of Customes or Subsidies, without true information before made by Oathe of the Master Owner or Shipper of such Shippe Vessell or Crayer, concerninge the burthen thereof, and payment by hym made of the summes aforesaide; of which payment the Master Owner and Shipper payinge the same shall have allowance of the Marchantf accordinge to the rate of the Goods in the same Shippe Vessell or Crayer, by way of Average: And the Customer or Collector, or his Deputie receivinge the summes aforesaide, or any of them, shall disburse and pay the same from tyme to tyme to such person and persons as shall be assigned to receive and expend them in and about the repaire of the saide Haven, by warrant of the Lorde Warden of the Cinque Ports for the tyme beinge, and two other of the Comissioners at the leaste, assigned for seeinge the reparations done of the said Haven; And everie Customer or Comptroller and theire Deputies that shall make any entries of Customes or Subsidies of any Goods in the saide Shipps Vessels or Crayers, before such information as aforesaide concerninge the burthen thereof shall be made, or before payment made of the summes before limitted to be paide by this Acte, or shall make any wilfull default in not collectinge the saide summes, or not payinge the same over from tyme to tyme to such person or persons as shalbe assigned to receive the same or any parte thereof, by Warrant of the saide Lorde Warden of the Cinque Ports for the tyme beinge and two at the leaste of the saide Comissioners, shall forfeite to the use of the Reparations of the saide Haven, Tenne pounds for everie such default, to be recovered by Action of Debte in any Court of Recorde, by the Mayor and Jurates of the Towne of Dover; in which Sute no Essoyne Protection or Wager of Lawe shall be allowed.

CHAPTER XXXin.

Ax Acte of a Subsiedie of Tonnage and Poundage.

Subtidiea immemorially granted to the Crown, by Parliament, for the Safeguard of the Seat;

IN theire moste humble wise shewe unto your moste excellent Majestie, your loyall and obedient Subjects and C5mons in this your present Parliament assembled, That Where as well your noble greate greate Grandfather of worthie memorie King Henrie the Seventh, the noble King of famous memorie King Henrie the Eight, the late King of worthie memorie Kinge Edwarde the Sixte, the late Queene Marie, and the late renowned Sov'aigne Ladie Queene Elizabeth, as other your right noble and famous Progenitors Kings of this your Realme of England tyme out of mynde have had and enjoyed unto them by Authoritie of Parliament for the Defence of this your Realme and the keepinge and safegarde of the Seas for the intercourse of Merchandise safelie to come into and passe out of the same, certaine summes of Money named Subsidies of all manner of Goods and Merchandize cominge in or goinge out of the same your Realme: And Forasmuch as wee your saide poore Comons undoubtedly and moste assuredlie doe truste and have sure confidence in your Majesties good favoure and will towards us your saide C5mons, in and for the keepinge and sure defendinge of the Seas againste all persons intendinge or that shall intend the disturbance of us your saide Comons in the intercourse and the invadinge of this your Realme, to our molestation unquiednge and losse which at any tyme cannot be borne without the greate Excesse and intollerable Costs Charges and Expences of your Majestie, which is not when neede shall require in such cases to be lacked at any tyme; but rather we your saide Comons wishinge that such Furniture of all things may be had in readinesse from tyme to tyme when necessitie shall require, for the speedie indelayed provision and helpe for the suppressinge of such Inconveniences Disturbances and Invasions, humblie desire your moste excellent Majesde benignlie and favourablie to take accept and receive these our poore Grauntf hereafter


A.D. 1603-4.

1°Jac. I. c. 33.

1063

S

s

«*».

u


«*s

•ii

til

ki

Ri

hi



it

la


itij

m

hi

hi

G»

a

m

to

to

Hr

Btf

it

st

I*

iR

i#

ensuinge, as graunted of true heartes and good willes which wee beare unto your Highnes towards your taide great Costs Charges and Expences which may be expended and laide out by your Majestie for the Causes aforesaide when neede shall require, as the Firste Fruites of our good wils and heartes towardes your Highnesse, although the same doe or hereafter shall nothinge in effecte countervail the same your greate Charges, nor yet Wee your saide poore Comons able fullie to gradfie your Highnesse by any meanes ; yet neverthelesse Wee your said Comons, by the Advise and Consent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall in this your present Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, to the intent aforesaide, doe give and graunte to you our Supreme Liege Lorde and Soveraigne, one Subsidie called Tonnage; That is to say, Of everie Tonne of Wine that is or shall come into this Realme or any your Majesties Dominions by way of Merchandise, the summe of Three Shillingf, and so after that Rate; And of everie Tonne of sweete Wines, as well Malmesey as other, that is or shall come into this Realme by any Merchant Alien, Three Shillingf, and so after that Rate, over and above the Three Shillingf above mentioned; And of everie Awme of Rhenishe Wine that is or shall so come in, Twelve Pence: And alsoe one other Subsidie called Poundage, That is to say. Of all manner of Goods and Merchandize of everie Merchant Denizen and Alien caried or to be caried out of this Realme or any your Majesties Dominyons, or to be brought into the same, by way of Merchandize, of the Value of everie Twentie Shillingf of the same Goods and Merchandize, Twelve Pence, and so after the Rate; And of everie Twentie Shillingf Value of Tinne and Pewter Vessell caried out of this Realme by everie or any Merchant Alien Twelve Pence over and above the Twelve Pence aforesaide.

For providing •uch Safeguard when necessary. Grant to the King a Subsidy of Tonnage, via.

31. per Ton on all Wines imported; 31. additional on Sweet Wines imported by Aliens; and 1 ad. per Awme on Rhenish Wine:

Poundage, via.

I id. per Pound on all Goods exported and imported ; and I id. additional on Tin, ire. exported by Aliens.

Except and foreprised out of this Graunt of Subsidie of Poundage, All maner of Woollen Cloth made or wrought or which shalbe made or wrought within this Realme of England, and by everie or any Merchant Denizen and not borne Alien, caried or to be caried out of this your saide Realme; And all manner of Wooles Woollfelles Hides and Backes of Leather that is or shall be caried out of this your saide Realme; And all Wines, not before limitted to pay Subsidie or Tonnage, And all manner of Freshe Fishe and Besriall, cominge or that shall come into the same your Realme.

II.

Exceptions from Poundage, vil. Cloths r* sorted

by Su .cts; Wool,&c. exported Wine, Fish, lee. imported.

And Further Wee your said poore Comons by the Advice Assent and Authoritie aforesaide, doe give and graunte unto you our said Liege Lorde and Soveraigne, for the Causes aforesaide, one other Subsidie, That is to saie. Of everie Merchant borne Denizen of & for every Sacke of Wool, Thirtie three Shillingf Foure Pence, And of and for everie Two hundreth and sortie Wollfels, Thirtie three Shillings Foure Pence; And of and for everie Laste of Hides and Backs, Thre Pounde Sixe Shillingf Eight Pence, and so after the same Rate for everie lesse or greater quandtie for any the same Merchandise more or lesse; And of everie Merchant Stranger not borne Denizen, of and for everie Sacke of Wooll, Three Pounde Sixe Shillingf Eight Pence, And of and for everie Two hundreth sortie Woollfelles, Three Pounde Sixe Shillingf Eight Pence; And for everie Laste of Hides and Backes, Three Pounde Thirteene Shillingf Foure Pence; And so of all the saide Wools Woollfels Hides and Backes and of everie of them, after the Rate: To have take enjoy and perceive the Subsidies aforesaide, and everie of them, and everie parte and parcell of them, to your Highnes from the eighteenth day of March laste paste duringe your Life naturall.

And that it may be further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That if any Wines Goods or other Merchandise whereof any the Subsidies aforesaide are or shall be due, shall at anie tyme hereafter be shipped put into any Boate or other Vessell to the intent to be carried into the parts beyond the Seas, or els be brought from the parts beyond the Seas into any Porte of this Realme or other your Majesties Dominions, by way of Marchandize, and unshipped to be laide on Land, the Subsidie Custome and other Dueties due or to bee due for the same not paide or lawfullie tendred, or the Collector thereof or his Deputie with the Consent and Agreement of the Comptroller and Surveyor there, or one of them at the leaste, not agreed with for the same in the Custome House accordinge to the true meaninge of this Acte, That then from the saide eighteenth Day of Marche laste paste, all the same Wine Goodes and Marchandise whatsoever shalbe forfeite to your Highnes during the tyme aforesaide; The one moytie of the Rate thereof to your Highnes and the other moytie to hym or them that shall seize the same or sue for the same.

HI. Subsidies on Wool, Scc. vix. from Subject!,

33«. 4<J. per Sack of Wool, See. and £3. 6. 8. per Last of Hide*, Ac.: from Alien>,

£3. 6. 8. on Wools, &c. and £%. ij. 4. on Hides, &c.

The Subsidies

IV.

Goods exported or imported without Payment of Duty shall be forfeited.

V.

And that it may please your Highnes that all Merchantf, aswell Denizens as Straungers cominge into this your Merchants shall Realme be well and honestlie intreated and demeaned for such things as Subsidie by this Acte is graunted for, * Pro,cctrd-as they were in the tyme of your saide noble Progenitors and Predecessors, without oppression to them to be done payinge the Subsidies aforesaide.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That if any Goodes or Merchandise as aforesaid of any Proviio'for Merchant beinge borne Denizen, after the saide eighteenth day of Marche duringe the terme of this Graunte hath Goods lost at Sea. ben or shalbe taken by any Enemyes or Pirates upon the Sea, or perished in any Shippe or Shippes that shall happen to be taken or perished within the tyme of the saide Graunt, whereof the Subsidies and other Dueties aforesaid are or shalbe duelie paide or agreed for as aforesaide, and that duelie proved before the Treasurer of England or Chiefe Baron of the Exchequer for the tyme beinge by the examinac6n of the same Merchantf, if they be alive, or of theire Executors or Admynistrators if they be deade, or by two credible Witnesses at the leaste swome, or other reasonable Witnesse and Proofe swome, then the same Merchant or Merchantf his or theire Executors or Admynistrators shall or may newlie shippe in the same Porte where the Goodes or Merchandize aforesaide were or shalbe

1064

1° Jac. I. c. 33

A.D. 1603-4.

customed soe much other Merchandize or Goodes as the same Goods and Merchandize that are or shalbe loste as aforesaide shall amount unto in Custome, without payinge any thinge for the same, soe as the same Proofe be recorded and allowed of in the Courte of Exchequer, and certified unto the Collectors of the Custome of the Porte where the same Wares and Merchandizes are to be newlie shipped without Custome as aforesaide.

Goodi shipped in And further that everie Merchant Denizen that shall hereafter shippe any Wooll Woollfelles Hide* or any other Cirridu, &c. shall Goodes and Merchandize in any Carricke or Galley, shall paie to your Majesde all manner of Customes and all the pay Alien Duty. Subsidies aforesaide as any Alien borne out of this Realme.

VIII. Fish caught by Subjects may be exported Duty-free.

Pbovided alwaies, That it shall and may be lawfull to all and everie of the Subjects of our SoPaigne Lorde the Kinge, at his and their will and pleasure, to carrie and transporte out of this Realme in the Shippes or other Vessels of any the Subjects aforesaide, all and everie kinde of Herringf or other Sea Fishe, to be taken upon the Seas by any the Subjects aforesaide, from or out of any Porte or Harborough of this Realme, to any Place out of the Kings Domynions, without payinge of any Custome Subsidie or Poundage Money, for the same Herringf and Fishe so caried or transported, duringe this p>sente Graunt of Subsidie of Tonnage and Poundage; Any thinge before contained to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

( 1065 )

Anno 3° [& 4°] JACOBI, I. A.D. 1605. [& 1606.]

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN BY PROROGATION AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE FlFTH Day OF NOVEMBER,

In the THIRD Year, and there continued UNTIL AND UPON THE TwENTY-SEVENTH Day OF MaY NEXT FOLLOWING,

In the FOURTH Year, of the Reign of K. JAMES, I. (')

<£$ &otulo iBarliamenti De anno regnt 3Jacobt ftegte anglte, &cocte, JFrancte,

et iNfcernte, tertto.

In PAR[ - - 2]MENTO inchoato et tento per Prorogation[e- - *] apud Westmonasterium quinto die Novembris An[- -*]

[ - - - "Jenissimi atqs Excellentissimi Domi[-*]ri Jacobi, Dei gracia Anglie Scocie Frande et Hibemie Regis

Fidei Defensoris, et2. videlt, Anglie Francie et Hibernie Tercio, et Scode Tricesimo nono; atq, ibidem continuato usq ad et in vicessimum septimum diem Maii tunc proxime sequentis, et prorogato usq ad et in dedmum octavum diem Novembris proxime sequentis; Comuni omnium Dominorum tarn Spiritualium quam Temporalium et Communitatis consensu, et Regie Majestatis tunc presentis Assensu, inter alia Sancita Inactitata Ordinata et Stabilita fuerunt sequencia hec Statuta ad verbum ut sequitur.

PUBLICKE ACTES.

i. An Acte for a publique Thanckesgiving to Almighty God everie Yeere on the fifte day of November.

Chap, i.

a. An Acte for the Attaindors of divers Offendors in the late moste barbarous monstrous detestable and

damnable Treasons. Chap. 3.

3. An Acte declaratorie explayning a Branche of an Acte made in the firste Session of this Parliament,

intituled An Acte authorizing certaine Comissioners of the Realme of Englande to treat with Comissioners of Scotlande for the Weale of both Kingdoms. Chap. 3.

4. An Acte for the better discovering and repressing of Popish Recusantf. Chap. 4.

5. An Acte to pVent & avoid dangers which may grow by Popish Recusantf Chap. 5.

б. An Acte to enable all his Majesties loving Subjects of Englande and Wales to trade freely into the

Dominions of Spaine Portugale and France. Chap. 6.

7. An Acte to reforme the Multitudes and Misdemeanors of Attomeyes & Solicitors at Lawe, and to avoide

sundrie unnecessarie Sujtf and Charges in Lawe. Chap. 7.

8. An Acte for the avoiding of unnecessarie delayes of Execucbn. Chap. 8.

9. An Acte for the reliefe of suche as lawfully use the Trade and- Handicrafte of Skynners. Chap. 9.

10. An Act for the rating and levying of the charges for conveying Malefactors and Offendors to the Gaole.

Chap. 10.

* This Statute has in all Printed Copies been entitled as of the Third Year of the King’s Reign. All the Acts in the List of * Publicise Actes ’ at the Head of the Inrollment have always been printed in the Statutes as Chapters I. to XXVII. Chapters XXV. XXVI. and XXVII. although noticed in the above List, are not inrolled; These are therefore printed from the Original Acts in the Parliament Office. No Titles are entered on the Margin of the several Acts on the Roll; but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter. None of the Acts in the List of 1 Private Actes ’ are entered on the Inrollment.

- The Roll is tom in these Places.


1066

3° Jac. I.

A.D. 1605-6\

ii. An Acte for Transportacftn of Beere over the Seas. Chap. n.

is. An Acte for the better pservacfin of Sea Fishe. Chap. is.

13. An Acte againste unlawfull hunting and stealing of Deere & Connies. Chap. 13.

14. An Acte for the [exp--atiJn'] of the Statute of Sewers. Chap. 14.

15. An Acte for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of Poore Debtors in Tendon. Chap. 15.

16. An Acte for the repeale of *] made in the fourtenth yeere of Queene Elizabethes Raigne,

concerning the length of Kersies. Chap. 16.

17. An Acte concerning Walsh Cottons. Chap. 17.

18. An Acte for the bringing in of a freshe streame of running Water to the Northe parts of the City

of London. Chap. 18.

19. An Acte for repairing of the Highway from Nonsuch to Taleworthe in the Parishes of Ewell and Longditton

in the County of Surrey, leading to Kingston upon Thames in the County aforesaide. Chap. 19.

30. An Acte for clearing the Passage by Water from London to and beyond the Citye of Oxeforde. Chap. 20.

31. An Acte to restraine Abuses of Players. Chap. ai.

as. An Acte for paving of Drury Lane and the Towne of S' Giles in the Fieldes within the County of

Middlesex. r.hap 32.

33. An Acte for the newe making up & keeping in Reparac6n of Chepstow Bridge. Chap. 33.

34. An Acte for the reedifying of a Bridge over the River of Seaveme neere the Towne of

Upton upon Seaveme. Chap. 34.

35. An Acte for ConfirmatiSn of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergie. Chap. 35.

36. An Acte for the Grant of Three entire Subsidies and Sixe Fifteenes and Tenthes granted by the

Temporalty. Chap. 26.

37. An Acte for the Kings most gracious ge8all and free Pardon. Chap. 2j.

Private Actes.

1. An Acte for the assuringe of certaine small parcells of Ground to Robert Earle of Salisburie and his Heires, for the inlargement and comodious use of his Mansion Howse in the Strond, now called Salisbury Howse, and for recompence to be given for the same.

3. An Acte for the assurance of the Joincture of the Right Honorable Fraunds Countesse of Essex Wife of the Right Honorable Robert Earle of Essex.

3. An Acte for the President and Schollers of Corpus Christi Colledge in the Univ’sity of Oxeforde.

4. An Acte for the better Sale of certaine Landes of Henry late Lorde Windsor deceased, for payment of his

Debts and better pformance of his last Will and Testamente.

5. An Acte for the establishing of the Possessions and Inheritance of Edmond late Lorde Chandos of

Sudeley deceased.

6. An Acte to establishe in the Crowne the Landes and Possessions of Henry late Lorde Cobham and

George Brooke Esquier attainted of High Treason, with a Confirmacon of Grants made by his Majestie.

7. An Acte for the Confirmation of certaine Leases and Estates made by the Right Honorable Robert Lorde

Spencer and by his late Father deceased and his Mother nowe livinge.

8. An Acte for the restoring and enabling of Henry Lorde Danvers as sonne and heire to Sir John Danvers

Knight deceased, notwithstanding the Attaindor and Corruption of Blood of Sir Charles Danvers Knight deceased, elder Brother of the saide Lorde Danvers.

9. An Acte for the Confirmation of the Kings Majesties Letters Patentf made to the Provost and Schollers

of Oriell Colledge in Oxforde.

10. An Acte for Confirmation of Letters Patentf made to the Governors of the Free Grammer Schole at

S' Bees in the County of Cumberland.

11. An Acte to enable Sir Christopher Hatton Knighte to dispose of certaine Landes Tenementf and

Hereditamentf, notwithstanding a Limitation or Clause of Perpetuitie annexed to his Estate.

13. An Acte to assure and confirme the Sale of certaine Landes lying within the County of Middlesex to Thomas Lake Knighte and Dame Marie his Wife.

13. An Acte for Sale of certaine Landes of Sir Jonathan Trelowny Knight deceased for payment of his Debts.

14. An Acte for the assuring of the Joincture of Dame Elionor Cave Wife of Sir Thomas Cave of Stanforde in the County of Northampton Knighte.

j The Roll is torn in these Places.

1 Explanation Calendar 8c O. * An Act Calendar & O.


— -

y.Twi'nn * ~ ~ * ~ >■*

£s»>tivt *r ) ^3 • rj^ig^fgft *, ?>*'/ £*& ofc*^'

' I'•*.•:. ; <--,• •* Vi-h '!.o.^ '}<" .^fv' V>?J3Wt '• ■»-: . N. • ■• >’'*ntyr. ■*<*' *•* *f •.

Cfxiu ftMutenm T"

A

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 1.

1067

15. An Acte for enablinge of John Hotham Esquier the Father and John Hotham his Sonne to convey certaine

Landes for a Joincture of such Wife as John the Sonne shall marrie.

16. An Acte for the selling of the Manour of Rye in the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester upon William

Throckmorton Esquier and his Heirs, according to a Feoffment thereof made by Charles late Earle of Devonshire.

17. An Acte for the more speedie Sale of certaine Landes of Sir Thomas Rowse Knight for payment of his

Debts.

18. An Acte for Assurance of certaine Landes late Sir John Skinners Knight to Sir William Smith and Sir

Michael Hickes Knightf.

19. An Acte for the reliefe of John Roger Gentleman against Robert Taylor Paul Taylor and William Taylor

for defrauding of a Truste reposed in Thomas Taylor theire Father, and decreed againste them in the High Courte of Chancery.

20. An Acte for the Assurance of the Landes of Walter Walshe Esquier.

a 1. An Acte for Sale of certaine Landes of Edward Downes Esquier for payment of his Debts. aa. An Acte for the naturalizing of Sir David Foulis Knight and for Confirma£6n of Letters Patentf by his moste Excellent Majesde to hym made.

33. An Acte for the naturalizing of the Children of Sir Edward Conway Knighte Lieutenant Governor of the Kings Majesties cautionary Towne of the Brill.

24. An Acte for the naturalizing of Sir James Areskyn Knight his Wife and Children.

35. An Acte for the naturalizing of David Murray Knight Gentleman of the Prince his Bedchamber, and Thomas Murray Esquier Schoolemaster to the Duke of Yorke.

26. An Acte for the naturalizing of Daniel Godfrey of the Parishe of S' Buttolphes without Aldgate Gentleman.

27. An Acte for the restitucon in bloud of John Holland sonne of Brian Holland, and Thomas Holland sonne

of the saide John Holland.

28. An Acte for restitution of Rowland Mericke sonne of Sir Gelley Mericke Knight, and Dame Margaret

Wife of Sir John Vaughan Knighte Daughter of the saide Sir Gelley in Blood.

29. An Acte for the performance and execution of a Decree in the Chancerie made between William le Gris

Plaintiffe and Robert Cottrell Defendant.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte for a publique Thanckesgiving to Almighty God everie Yeere on the fifte day of November.

FORASMUCH as Almightie God hath in all ages shewed his power and mercy in the miraculous and gracious deliveraunce of his Church, and in the ptecc&n of religious Kings and States, And that no Nacion of the Earth hath bene blessed with greater benefittf then this Kingdome now enjoyeth, having the true and free pfession of the Gospell under our moste gracious SoPaigne Lorde Kinge James, the moste Great learned and Religious Kinge that ever Raigned therein, enriched with a most hopefoll and plentifull pgenie pceeding out of his Royall loynes pmysmg continuance of this happines and pfession to all Posteritie: the which many malignant and devilishe Papistf Jesuites and Semynarie Priests muche envying and fearing Conspired most horriblie, when the Kings most excellent Majesde, the Queene the Prince, and all the Lordes spuall and temporall and C5mons should have bene assembled in the upper Howse of Parliamente uppon the fifte day of November in the yeere of our Lorde 1605 suddenly to have blowen up the saide whole Howse with Gunpowder ; An invenc&n soe inhumane, barbarous and cruel], as the like was never before heard of, and was (as some of the principall Conspirators thereof confesse) purposely devised and concluded to be done in the saide Howse, that where sundrie necessarie and Religious lawes for pservacbn of the Church and State were made, which they falsly and slaunderously terme cruell lawes enacted against them and theire Religion, both place and psons should be all destroyed and blowen upp at once, which would have turned to the utter ruine of this whole Kingdome-had it not pleased Almighty God, by inspiring the Kings most Excellent Majesty with a divine Spiritt to interpret some darke phrases of a letter shewed to his Majesty above and beyond all ordinary Coustruccftn, thereby miraculously discovering this hidden Treason not many howres before the appointed tyme for the execucbn thereof: Therefore the Kings most Excellent Majesde the lordes spuall and Temporall, and all his Majesties faithfull and lovinge Subjects doe most justly acknowledge this greate and infinite Blessing to have pceeded merely from God his great Mercy, and to his most Holy name doe ascribe all the Honour Glory and Praise. And to the end this unfained thankfullnes may never be forgotten, but be had in a ppetual Remembrance that All ages to come may yeeld Praises to his Divine Majesde for the same and have in memory this joyful Day of deliverance;

Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie the lordes Spuall and temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That all and singuler Ministers in every Cathedrall and Parishe Church or other usuall Place for C5mon Prayer within this Realme of England and the Dominions of the same shall alwaies uppon the fifte day of November say Mominge Prayer and give unto Allmightie God thankes for this most happy deliverance, And that all and everie pson and psons inhabiting within this Realme of England and the

The Gunpowder Treason, conspired to hare been effected 5th Nor. A.D. 1605.

How the Treason was discovered

Prayers, Sec. shall be said in every Church yearly upon the 5th Day of November;


Original from PENN STATE

1058 3°Jac. I. c. 1,2. //.D. 1605-6.

Dominions of the same, shall alwaies uppon that day diligently and faithfully resort to the Parishe Church or Chappell accustomed, or to some usuall Church or Chappell where the said Morning Prayer Preaching or other Service of God shall be used, and then and there abide orderly and soberly during the tyme of the saide Prayers Preaching or other Service of God there to be used and ministred.

The Minister And because all and everie Person may be put in mynde of this duety and be the better ppared to the saide Holy

shall give Warning Service, Be it enacted by Authority aforesaide. That‘everie Minister shall give warning to his Parishioners publikely Sunday before. th' *n the Churche at Morning Prayer the Sunday before everie suche fist day of November, for the due observaf&n of the saide day. And that after Morning Prayer or Preaching upon the saide fist day of November they read publikely distinctly and playnlie this pWit Acte.

Traiterous Conspiracy of certain Jesuits and others, in Spain, An. 44 Ehs. for Invasion of England;

The King of Spain's Assent thereto

Subsequent

Conspiracy,

and Employment of Guy Fawkes to blow up the House of Parliament;

CHAPTER II.

An Acte for the Attaindors of divers Offendors in the late moste barbarous monstrous detestable and

damnable Treasons.

IN moste humble manner beseechen your most Excellent Majesty your most loyall faithfull and true hearted Subjects the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled. That whereas Arthur Creswell Jesuite, who at the tyme of his pfession to be a Jesuite tooke upon hym the Name of Joseph Creswell, Oswald Tesmond Jesuite, and Thomas Winter late of Huddington in the County of Worcester Gentleman, the last day of June in the sower and fortieth yeere of the late Queene Elizabeth of famous memorie, at Valedolide within the Kingdome of Spaine, and at divers other dayes within the same sower and fortieth yeere of the saide late Queene, at Valedolide aforesaide, and elsewhere within the same Kingdome of Spaine, by the meanes pcurement and privitye of Robert Catesby late of Ashby in the County of Northampton Esquire, Frauncis Tresham late of Rushton in the sayd County of Northampton Esquire, and Henry Garnett Jesuite (assuming upon hym to be Superior of the Jesuites within this Realme of England), and others being naturall borne Subjects of this Realme, did traiterouly and against the duety of their Allegeaunce move and incite Philip then and yet King of Spaine, then being at open Enmitie and Hostilitie with the saide late Queene, with force to invade this Kingdome of England, and to joyne with the Papistf and discontented psons within this Realme of England, to depose and ov’throwe the same late Queene of and from her Crowne, and of and from all her Royall Estate Title and Dignide, and to suppresse and abolishe the true Religion of Almighty God truelie and sincerely pfessed within this Kingdome, and to restore the supsddous Romish Religion within the same, and to bring this ancient famous and most renowned Kingdome to utter ruine and miserable Caprivirie under Forraigne Power; And for that the greatest impediment unto the same Invasion would be the want of help of good Horses, the saide Thomas Winter the rather to encourage the same King thereunto, was to offer [unto ‘3 the same King, on the behalfe of the Papistf of England, to give hym assistance p'sently upon the landing of his Forces, with one thowsand five hundred or two thousand Horses; And that for theire better accompli..ing thereof he should moove the same King to furnish the Papistf of England with a good summe of Money, partly to be imployed to pvide and furnish the Horses and partly in Pensions to be employed upon some such as were to be prepared for that service: All which the said Thomas Winter did relate to the sayd King of Spaine, who (the said Kingdomes of England and Spaine then standing in Hostilitie) tooke that offer in verie good part, saying, That he would respect and account of the Catholiques of England (meaning the Papistf) as of his owne Castilians, and thereupon agreed that he would make Invasion and sett foote in England aboute the Spring then nexte following, and would by way of exchange send over unto the Papistf of England one hundred thousand Crownes, to be paied at twoe severall Dayes agreed upon; All which Particulars are extant in the Confession of some of the chiefe Offendors: At which tyme sundrie Papistf of England did extraordinarily furnish themselves by the traiterous and wicked pswasion and meanes of sundry Jesuites, both with Horse and Armour; But before these things could be effected, Almighty God called the said late Queene to his Mercy; Immediately after whose Decease, that is to say, in the same moneth of March wherein shee departed out of this World, Christopher Wrighte late of London Gentleman, was imployed by the sayd Robert Catesby Francis Tresham Henry Garnett and others into Spaine, to negociate with the said King of Spaine by the meanes of the saide Creswell the Jesuite and others, to pceede in that Invasion which the said Thomas Winter had before negociated with hym; And afterward on the two and twentieth day of June in the firste yeere of your Majesties Reigne over this Realme of England, Sir William Staneley Knight, Hugh Owen Esquier, William Baldwine Jesuite and others, did by and with the traiterous pcurement and the consent of the Offendors aforesaide from and out of Flaunders in the partes beyond the Seas, under the Govemement of the Archduke, traiterously employ and send Gwy Fawkes late of London Gentleman unto the saide King of Spaine, to negociat with hym on the behalfe of the saide Papistf of England for Invasion to be had againste this Realme of England, to the same effect as was comitted to the saide Christopher Wright as is aforesaide; And the saide Guy Fawkes and Christopher Wright, though they had all the Furtherance of the saide Creswell the Jesuite that he could give, yet finding no such entertainement with the saide King, who (as by the sequele appeareth) grew into detestacon with the saide pposicons and negotiacbns as they expected or desired, but being wholly disappointed of all theire hopes concerning that matter, the sayd Robert Catesby and divers other psons within this Realme did send over the saide Thomas Winter into the said Country of Flaunders to pcure the said Gwy Fawkes a naturall borne Subjecte of this Realme, and yet a moste traiterous desperate and bloody mynded pson, then serving as a Souldier in the

1 to O.

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 2.

1069

i

I







i


n

i

I.

i

u

ii l: ft

i

ii

ii

ki

N

V

k

ii

ii

0

k>

ii

0

il

«'

ill

ii

»*

it

i>

i*

ii

Low Countries, to come over into this Realme, and by and with the traiterous Conspiracie and Consent of the saide Henry Garnett Oswald Tesmond John Garrard and other Jesuites, and Thomas Percy late of London Esquier, John Wright late of London Gentleman, the said Christopher Wright Francis Tresham Robert Winter late of Huddington aforesaid Esquire, John Graunt late of Norbrook in the County of Warwicke Esquire, Ambrose Rookewood late of Stanningfild in the County of Suffolke Esquire, Everard Digby late of Gotehurst in the County of Buckingham Knight, Robert Keyes late of London Gentleman, and Thomas Bates late of London Yoman, to undertake the Execu£6n of the most wicked barbarous execrable and abhominable Treason that ever could enter into the heart of the most wicked man, by blowing upp with Gunpowder the Howsc of Parliament at such tyme as your moste excellent Majestie and your dearest Consorte the Queene and the most noble Prince Henry, together with the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, the Judges of the Realme, and the Knightf Citizens and Burgesses of Parliament should be in the saide Parliament Howse assembled (for which most traiterous and barberous purpose there were secreatly layed in a Vault or Cellar under the Parliament House Thirty sixe Barrells of Gunpowder or thereaboutf), to the utter overthrowe and subvsion of the whole State of this flourishing and renowned Kingdome, if God of his infinite Mercy had not most miraculously by your Majesties blessed Direcfftn discovered the same, in finding out the saide Barrells of Gunpowder in the saide Vaulte or Celler but fewe Houres before the tyme appointed for the Execuc&n thereof; All which most heynous horrible and damnable Treasons are most manifest and apparant, by the voluntarie confessions and acknowledgm'f of the Offendors themselves: Of which most barbarous bloody and detestable Treason, for conspiring and pparing to blowe up the saide Parliament Howse with Gunpowder, the saide Robert Winter Thomas Winter Guy Fawkes Robert Keyes Ambrose Rookewood John Graunt and Thomas Bates have beene lately indicted and during this psent Session of Parliament arraigned convicted by Verdict and thereupon attainted ; And the said Sir Everard Digby Knight hathe likewise beene indicted and during this psent Session of Parliament convicted and attainted by his owne confession of Record upon his Arraignment according to the Lawes of this your Majesties Realme, as by the Recordes of their severall Indictmentf and Attaindors it doth and may more playnlie appeare ; And for the which Offences the said Sir Everard Digby Robert Winter Thomas Winter Guy Fawkes Ambrose Rookewood John Graunt Robert Keyes and Thomas Bates have suffered paines of Death according to theire demeritf; And the saide Robert Catesby Thomas Pearcy John Wright and Christopher Wright were lately slaine in open Rebellion by them and others the said most wicked Traitors moved and stirred within divers Partes and Countyes of this Realme shortly after the saide discovery of their saide most detestable and damnable Treason, in conspiring and pparing to blowe up the saide Parliament Howse as aforesaide: And the said Hugh Owen doeth (of purpose and for feare of condigne Punishment according to his demeritf) reside and keepe himselfe beyond the Seas, by meanes whereof he cannot in respect of such his voluntarie Absence be arraigned and publiquely by due Triall of Lawe upon apparant testimony and proofe against hym be pceeded withall for his said most heynous and abhomynable Treasons: And the said Francis Tresham being likewise one of the saide most detestable Traitors, and being apphended and imprisoned in the Tower of London, having by sundry his examinations confessed hymselfe a principall Traytor in all the saide most wicked and abomynable Treasons died in the saide Tower during the tyme of his said Imprisonment, and before he coulde be indicted of the said Treasons: It may therefore please your Majestie of your blessed care and disposition to and for the continuance of Gods true Religion and Service, and for the pservacon and Safetie of your most excellent Majestie and the gracious Queene, the most noble Prince and the rest of your Royall Progenie, and for the entire Love Favour and hearty Affecc&n that your Majestie hath alwaies heretofore borne and yet beareth to the Comon Wealth and Safety of this your Realme of England (to the end that all others may heereafter feare to enter in any cogitac&n to attempte the like barbarous and detestable Treasons), That all and every the Convictions and Attaindors of the saide Robert Winter Thomas Winter Guy Fawkes Ambrose Rookewood John Graunte Robert Keyes Thomas Bates and Sir Everard Digby, may be approved and confirmed, and be the same approved and confirmed by the Authority of this psente Parliament. And that it may be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the saide Robert Winter Guy Fawkes Ambroose Rookewood John Graunte Robert Keyes Thomas Bates and Sir Everard Digby, as also the saide Roberte Catesby Thomas Pearcye John Wright Christopher Wright Hugh Owen and Frauncis Tresham and everie of them, for their said most abhominable and detastable Treason in conspiring and Pparing the blowing up of the said Parliament Howse, stand and be adjudged and by Authority of this psent Act convicted and attainted of High Treason; And that such and soe many of the said Offendors and psons as are attainted by the course of the Comon Lawes of this Realme as is aforesaide, shall loose and forfeite to your Majestie and to your Heires and Successors all and every such theire Manors Messuages Landes Tenementf Rents Rev’sions Remainders Possessions Rights Condic&ns Interest f Offices Fees Annuities and all other theire Hereditamentf Goodes Chattels Debts and other things, of whatsoever Names Natures or Qualities they be which they the saide Offendors and p6ons already attainted by the course of the C5mon Lawes of this Realme as is aforesaide or any of them had, or any other pson or psons to theire or any of their use or uses had the Day of the saide severall Treasons specified in the sev^all Indictmentf whereupon they have bene attainted, by them or any of them cdmitted ppetrated or done as is aforesaide, or at any tyme sithence; And that the saide Robert Catesby Thomas Pearcy John Wrighte Christopher Wright Hugh Owen and Fraunces Tresham shall forfeit and loose to your Majestie your Heires and Successors all and every such theire Manours Messuages Landes Tents Rents RevWns Remainders Possessions Rights Conditions Interests Offices Fees Annuities and all other their Hereditamentf Goodes Chattellf Debts and other things, of whatsoever Names Natures or Qualities they be which they the saide Robert Catesby Thomas Pearcy John Wright Christofer Wright Hugh Owen and Frauncis Tresham or any of them had, or any other pson or psons to theire or any of theire use or uses had the dayes and tymes of theire saide sePall Treasons by them and every of them comitted ppetrated and done as is aforesaide, that is to say, the saide Robert

Discovery thereof j

Conviction, Attainder, Execution of Guy Fawkes and other Traiton;

Other Traiton slain in open Rebellion;

Absconding of Hugh Owen

Confession and Death of F. Tresham;

Convictions and Attainders confirmed.

All the Traitors named, declared attainted;

and their Lands and Goods forfeited


12 Q

1

1070 3" Jac. I. c. 2,3. 1605-6.

Catesbye Thomas Pearcie John Wright and Christofer Wright the twentieth day of May in the second yeere of your Majesties Raigne of England Fraunce and Ireland, and of Scotland the seaven and thirtieth, or at any time sithence; the said Hugh Owen the twentith day of May last past, or at any tyme after; and the saide Frauncis Tresham the and declared in fourteenth day of October last paste, or any tyme sithince: And that all and singuler such Mannors Messuages th^Crown^rithout Landes Tenementf Rents Rev*sions Remainders Possessions Rights Condicons Offices Fees Annuities and all other Office found- Hereditamentf Goods Chattels Debts and other the jPmysses of all and singuler the saide Offendors as by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, or by force of this Acte of Parliament are or shalbe forfeited to your Majestie, shalbe deemed vested and judged to be in the actuall and reall Possession of your Majestie without any Office or Inquisic&n thereof hereafter to be taken or found.

General Saying for Savino to all and everie pson and psons Bodies Politique and Corporate, and to their Heires Successors and Assignes Titles of Strangera. of everie of them, other then the saide psons attainted, and other then the saide Ofiendors, before by this Act attainted, and their Heires and the Heires of everie of them clayming any thing in the said Mannors Messuages Landes Tenementf and other the fPmisses or any parte thereof, onely as Heire or Heires, and all and every other pson and psons clayming or having any thing in the p>misses or any parte thereof to theire uses or to the use of any of them; All suche Estate Right Title Use Possession Interest RePsion Remainder Entrie Condicon Fees Offices Rents Annuities Leases Comons Accon Suite Petic&n Execuc&n and all other Hereditamentf, and all Acc&ns and Meanes to recover or obtaine the same whatsoever, which they or any of them had or ought to have in the {Pmisses, or any parte thereof, at or before the saide severall Treasons by the saide sepal 1 Ofiendors respectively comitted or done, in as large and ample manner to all intentf and purposes as if this Acte had never bene had nor made; Any thing therein conteined to the contrarie thereof notwithstanding; [1 And also all such Estate Righte Title Use Possession Interest RePsion Remainder Entrie Condicons Fees Offices Rents Annuities Comons and all other Comodities and Hereditamenjf whatsoever, which they or any of them (except the persons before excepted) nowe have, or at any tyme hereafter shall or may have, only by vertue of any lawfull Conveyance or Limitacon made before the same severall Treasons comitted or done, for which the said Offendors have beene attainted, or are by this Act attainted, in as large and ample maner to all Intentf and Purposes as if this Acte had never bene had or made: This Acte or any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

HI.

Proviso for Goods

¥'ven, See. by such raitors before J Not. i6oj.

Provided alwaies. That this Acte or anie thing therein conteined, shall not extend to give the Kings Highnes his Heires or Successors any Benefitt or Comoditie of or to any Goods Chattels or Debts that were any of the saide psons at the Comon Law, or by this Acte attainted, at the tyme of the sePall Treasons by them done and comitted, and by them or any of them lawfully and justly without Fraude or Covine given graunted bargained released or discharged before the fifte day of November laste past, but that all and everie such pson and psons to whome any lawfull Bargaine Guifte Grante Release or Discharge hath beene made as is aforesaide, shall and may have holde and enjoy the same, and be acquited and discharged thereof in such and like maner and forme to all intentf and purposes, as though this Acte had never beene had or made.1

CHAPTER m.

An Act dedaratorie, explayning a brancht of an Acte made in the firste Session of this Parliament, intituled An Acte authorizing certaine Comissioners of the Realme of Englande to treat with Comissioners of Scotlande, for the Weale of both Kingdomes.

WHEREAS in the Session of Parliament holden at Westminster the nyneteenth day of Marche in the firste

yeere of the Raigne of our most dread Soveraigne Lorde James by the grace of God, of England, France,

Scotland, under the Ireland. King Defendor of the Faithe, 8cc. and of Scotland the Seven and thirtieth, for the Honor of His

Act i Jac. I. c 2 7 o

shall be continued’ Majestie, and the weale and comon good of both the saide Realmes; there was amongest other Things made and tSf*" . one good and pfitable Acte of Parliament, intituled An Acte authorizing §tein Comissioners of the Realme of England to treat with the Comissioners of Scotland for the weale of both Kingdomes: And albeit by the long & worthy labours of the Comissioners authorised by bothe Parliamentf of the saide Realmes, all Things have in all Pticulers beene fully and effectually pursued and accomplished, which by vertue of the saide Acte were and ought to have beene done either before or at this fPsent Session of Parliament, about the Execuc&n of the saide Comission, or the fPsenting of the Instrumentf concerning the same: And that of Matters of greatest Importance there ought to be had tymely and due considerac&n, yet for that it is knowen to all what tyme hath been justly and necessarily bestowed upon divers other important Businesse, pressing fPsent resoluc&n and dispatch, principally depending upon the pceedingf incident to the late most barbarous and pnicious Conspiracie: And in respecte of the lengthe of this Session, and of the growing Charges of all that attend these Services, togeather with the coming on of the yere, the doubt of sicknes, the approching of the next Tearme for the publicke Administrac&n of Justice, the tyme that the bringing of the saide worthie Labors of the saide Comissioners to theire due Effecte and Consumac&n will require; and the fPsent Necessitie that the Residue of this Session should be spent in the viewe

1 Annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

Proceedings for the Union of England and


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 3,4.

1071

and confirmaf&n of those Billes, many of them of great Importance, which have beene with good Deliba£6n begunne and pceeded withall in this Session of Parliament, and shall utterly perishe if the same receave not life and pfeccfin at this psent Session: And for that it is manifest by the saide Acte that that which is yet to be done and pformed by force of the saide Acte, may as well be done and pformed in the next Session of this psent Parliament, with all convenient Expedic&n, and without any unnecessarie Delay or unseasonable Deliberacbn ; Be it declared and enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lorde, by and with the Assent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same. That all and everye Pceeding and Pceedings, Matter and Matters, Thing and Things whatsoever, which are yet to be had made done or pformed of or concerning the saide Acte, or in or about the full and Snail Execucon of the same, shall and may in every respecte be as effectually and hilly had made pformed and done in any other Session of this Parliament, as if the same had bene had made done and pformed in this Psent Session.

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for the better discovering and repressing of Popish Recusantf.

FORASMUCH as it is found by daylie Experience, that many his Majesties Subjects that adhere in theire Hearts to the Popish Religion, by the infeccbn drawne from thence, and by the wicked and devilishe councell of Jesuitf Seminaries and other like psons dangerous to the Church and State, are soe farre pverted in the pointe of theire Loyalties and due Allegiance [unto 1 ] the Kings Majestie and the Crowne of England, as they are readie to entertaine and execute any treasonable Conspiracies and Practises as evidently appeares by that more than barbarous and horrible attempt to have blownen up with Gunpowder the Kinge Queene Prince Lordes and Comons in the Howse of Parliament assembled, tending to the utter Subversion of the whole State, latelie undertaken by the instigacbn of Jesuites and Seminaries, and in advauncement of their Religion by theire Schollers taught and instructed by them to that Purpose, which Attempt by the only goodnesse of Almighty God was discovered and defeated : And where divers psons Popishly affected doe neverthelesse, the better to cover and hide their false Hearts, and with the more safety to attend the oportunity to execute theire mischievous Desseignes, repaire sometimes to Church to escape the Penaltie of the Lawes in that behalfe provided; For the better discoverie therefore of such psons and theire evell Affeccons to the Kings Majestie and the State of this his Realme, to the end that being knowen theire evill Purposes may be the better Pvented; Be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall, and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoride of the same. That everie Popishe Recusant convicted, or hereafter to be convicted which heretofore hath conformed him or her selfe, or which shall hereafter conforme hym or her selfe, and repaire to the Church and continue there during the tyme of Divine Service, according to the Lawes and Statutes in that behalfe made and pvided, shall within the first yeere next after the End of this Session of Parliament, (if he or shee be conformed as aforesaide, before the End of this Session of Parliament) or within the first yeere next after that he or shee shall after this Session of Parliament soe conforme him or her selfe and repaire to Church as aforesaide, and after the saide first yeere shall once in everie yeere following at the least, receive the blessed Sacrament of the Lordes Supper, in the Church of that Parish e where he or shee shall most usually abide, or be within the saide yeere, wherein by the true meaning of this Statute he or shee ought soe to receive: And if there be noe such Parishe Church, then in the Church next adjoyning to the Place of his or her such most usual 1 abode: And if any Recusant soe conformed shall not receive the said Sacrament of the Lordes Supper accordingly, he or shee shall for such not receiving loose and forfeite for the firste yeere Twenty Poundes, and for the second yeere for such not receiving Forty Poundes, and for everie yeere after for such not receiving Threescore Pounds, unrill he or shee shall have received the saide Sacrament as is aforesaide: And if after hee or shee shall have received the saide Sacrament as is aforesaide, and after shal eft soones at any tyme offend in not receiving the saide Sacrament as is aforesaide, by the Space of one whole yeere, that in every such case such pson so offending shall for everie such Offence loose and forfeite Threescore Poundes of lawfull English Money; the one Moytie to be to our SoPaigne Lorde the Kings Majestie his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moitie to him that will sue for the same, and to be recovered in any the Kings Courtes of Record at Westminster, or before Justices of Assize or geniall Gaole Deliverie, or before Justices of the Peace at theire gei^all Quarter Sessions, by Ace6n of Debte Bill Plaint or Informa&n, wherein no Essoyne Protecc&n or Wager of Law shalbc allowed.

And be it further enacted by the authoririe of this psent Parliament, that the Churchwardens and Constables of everie Towne Parishe or Chappell for the tyme beinge, or some one of them, or if there be none suche then the cheife Constables of the Hundred where such Towne Parishe or Chappell is or shalbe, or one of them, aswell in Places exempt as not exempt, shall once in everie yeere psent the monethly absence from Church of all and all manner Popishe Recusantf within such Townes and Parishes; and shall psent the Names of everie of the Children of the saide Recusantf, being of the Age of nyne yeeres and upwards, abiding with theire saide Parents, and as neere as they can the Age of everie of the saide Children, as also the Names of the Servantf of such Recusantf, at the GeSall or Quarter Sessions of that Shire Limit Division or Liberrie.

' to 0.

Dangers from Papists:

Occasional Conformity of tome by attending Church, &c.

Popith Recusantf, conforming and repairing toChurch, shall receive the Sacrament there once a Year:

Penalties,

1st Year, £10; ad Year, j jd Year, g£6o.

Application and Recovery of Penalties.

II.

Churchwardens, See. shall yearly present to Sessions Absence of Popish Recusantf from Church, and the Names of their Children and Servants.


1072

3° Jac. I. c.4.

A.D. 1605-6.

hi.

Preientmenti shall be recorded:

Penalty for Neglect; Reward on Conviction*.

IV.

Proceeding! against Offenders at Assizes or Sessions.

V.

Recusants once convicted shall pay a£ao a Month until they conform.

All Convictions shall be certified into the Exchequer.

In Default of Payment, the Goods and Two-thirds of the Lands of Offenders may be seized, &c.

VI.

*3 Eliz. c. i. $ 4. imposing £*o per Month for Neglect of Divine Service;

29 Eliz. e. 6. $ 4. for Recovery of such Penalties, by Seizure of Lands, Stc. of the Offender {

And be it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaide, That all suche psentmentf shall be accepted entred and recorded in the saide Sessions by the Clerke of the Peace or Towne Clerke for the tyme being, or his Depude, without any fee to be had asked or taken for the same: And in defaulte of such pfeentment to be made, the said Churchwardens Constables or High Constables respectively, shall for everie such default forfeit Twenty Shillingf. And in default of such accepting entring and recording without Fee as aforesaide, the saide Clerke of the Peace or Towne Clerke shall for every such Offence forfeit and loose Forty Shillingf: And that upon every fPsentment of such monethly Absence as aforesaide, whereupon such Party so fretted shall after happen to be indicted and convicted (not being for the same Absence before psented) then the said Churchwardens Constables or High Constables respectively, soe making such pfeentmentf shall have a Reward of Forty Shillingf, to be levied out of the Recusantf Goods and Estate, in such manner and forme as by the more Parte of the said Justices shall be by Warrant under their Handes and Seales then and there ordered and appointed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That the Justices of Assize and Gaole Deliverie at their Assizes, and the saide Justices of Peace at any theire said Sessions, shall have Power and Authority by vertue of this Acte, to enquire heare and determyne of all Recusantf and Offences as well for not receiving the Sacrament aforesaide according to the meaninge of this Lawe, as for not repairing to Church according to the meaning of former Lawes, in such manner and forme as the said Justices of Assize and Gaole Delivery doe or may nowe doe by former Lawes in the case of Recusancy for not repairing to Church: And also shall have Power at theire saide Assizes and Gaole Delivery, and at the Sessions (in which any Indictment against any pson either for not repairing to Church according to former Lawes, or not receiving the saide Sacrament, according to this Lawe shalbe taken) to make pclamac&n, by which it shall be comaunded that the Body of every such Offendor shalbe rendered to the Sheriffe of the same County, or Bayliffe or other Keeper of the Gaole of the Libertye before the nexte Assizes and geiJall Gaole Deliverie, or before the nexte Genial 1 or Quarter Sessions respectively to be holden for the saide Shire Lymit Division or Liberty: And if at the saide next Assizes and Genall Gaole Delivery or Sessions, the same Offendor soe pclaymed shall not make Appearance of Recorde, that then upon everie such Defaulte recorded, the same shalbe as sufficient a convice&n in Lawe of the said Offence, whereof the Party shall stand indicted as aforesaide, as if upon the same Indictment a Triall by verdict thereupon had pceeded and beene founde againste hym or her and recorded.

And be it further enacted, That every Offendour in not repairing to Divine Service, but forbearing the same contrary to the Statutf in that behalfe made and pvided, that hereafter shall fortune to be thereof once convicted, shall in such of the Tearmes of Easter and Michaelmas as shall be next after such Convice&n, pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer after the rate of Twenty poundes for every moneth, which shalbe contained in the Indictment whereupon such Convice&n shall be, and shall alsoe for every moneth after such Convice&n, without any other Indictment or Convice&n, forfeit Twenty poundes, and pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer aforesaid, at two tymes in the yeere, that is to say, in every Easter and Michaelmas Terme, at much as then shall remaine unpaide after the rate of Twenty poundes for every moneth after such Convice&n, except in such cases where the King shall and may by force of this Acte refuse the same, and take two parts of the Landes Tenementf Hereditamentf Leases and Farmes of such Offendour, till the saide partye being indicted for not cSming to Churche contrary to former Lawes, shall conforme himselfe and come to Churche according to the meaning of the Statute in that behalfe made and pvided. And that everie Convicd&n recorded for any Offence before mencioned, shall from the Justices before whome the Record of such Convic£&n shall be remayning, be certified into the Kings Majesties Courte of Exchequer before the end of the Tearme following such Convicf&n, in such convenient certainty for the tyme and other circumstances as the Courte of Exchequer may thereupon award out Processe for the seizure of the Landes and Goodes of everie such Offendor, as the case shall require j and if defaulte shall be made in any parte of any payment aforesaide, contrary to the forme herein before limitted, that then and soe often the Kings Majestic his Heires and Successors shall and may by Processe out of the saide Exchequer take seize and enjoy all the Goodes, and two parts as well of all the Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf Leases and Farmes of such Offendor as of all other the Landes Tenementf Hereditamentf lyable to such Seizure, or to the Penalties aforesaide by the true meaning of this Acte, leaving the thirde part only of the same Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf Leases and Farmes to and for the maintenance and reliefe of the same Offender his Wiefe Children and Famylie.

And Whereas by an Acte made in the Session of Parliament holden by Prorogac&n at Westminster in the three and twentieth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte to retaine the Subjects of the saide late Queene in theire due obedience, it was amongest other things enacted by authority of the same Parliament, That every pson above the age of sixteene yeeres which should not repaire to some Churche Chappell or usual Place of C5mon Praier, but forbeare the same contrarie to the tenour of a Statute made in the first yeere of the Raigne of the said late Queene, for Uniformity of Comon Prayer, and being thereof lawfully convicted, should forfeite unto the saide Queene for everie moneth after the ende of the saide Session of Parliament which hee or shee should soe forbeare. Twenty poundes of lawfull Englishe money, as in and by the saide Acte of Parliament more at large appeareth: And whereas afterwardes by an other Acte of Parliament of the saide Queene, it was further enacted by the authority of the said Parliament (amongest other Things) how and when the saide paymentf of the saide Twenty pounds should be made, and that if Defaulte should be made in any parte of any payment of the saide Twenty poundes contrarie to the forme in the said last specified Statute limitted, that then and so often the saide Queene should and might, by Pcesse out of her Highnes Exchequer, take seize and enjoye all the Goodes, and two parts as well of all the Landes

Go

3° Jac. I. c. 4.

1073

A.D. 1605-6.

i

i

Tenementf and Hereditamentf Leases and Farmes of such Offendor, as of all other the Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf liable to such Seizure, or to the Penalties aforesaid, by the true meaning of the saide Acte of Parliament, leaving the third parte only of the same Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf Leases and Farmes to and for the maintenance and reliefe of the same Offendor his Wife Children and Family, as in and by the last specified Statute more at large also may appeare: Nowe forasmuch as the saide Penalty of Twenty powndes monethly is a greater burden unto Men of small Living then unto such as are of better Abilitie, and doe refuse to come unto Divine Service as aforesaid, who rather then they will have two partes of their Landes to be seized, wilbe readie alwaies to pay the saide Twenty pounds according to the limittacbn of the saide Statutf, and yet retaine the residue of theire Livingf and Inheritance in theire owne Handes, being of great yeerly value which they doe for the most part imploy (as Experience hath taught) to the maintenance of Supstition and Popish Religion, and to the reliefe of Jesuites Seminaries Popishe Preistes and other dangerous psons to the State: Therfore to the intent that hereafter the Penalty for not repairing to Divine Service might be inflicted in better pporc&n uppon Men of great Ability, Be it enacted by the authority of this fPsent Parliament, That the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors shall from and after the Feaste of S' Michael the Archangell nexte coming after the end of this Session of Parliament, have full power and libertie to refuse the penaltye of Twenty poundes a Month, though it be tendered readie to be paied according to the Lawe, and thereupon to seaze and take to his owne use, and the uses intentf and purposes hereafter limited, two partes in three partes to be divided as well of all the Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf Leases and Farmes that at the tyme of such seisure shalbe, or afterward shall come to any the saide Offendors, in not coming to Church, or any other to his or her use, or in truste for hym or her, or at his or her Disposition, or whereby or wherewith, or in consideracbn whereof such Offendor or his Family or any of them shalbe relieved mainteyned or kept, as of all other Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf in any wi$e, or at any tyme liable to such Seizure or to the Penalties aforesaide, and the same to retaine to his owne and other uses intentf and purposes hereafter in this Acte appointed, till every such Offendor shall conforme him or herselfe respectively as aforesaide, in lieu & full recompence of the Twenty poundes monethly that during his such Seizure and Retainer shall incurre; Any Thing in the saide Statutes or in any of them, or any other Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Saving to our Sov’aigne Lorde the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, and all and everie pson and psons Bodies Politique and Corporate, theire Heires and Successors, other then the saide Offendor, his or her Heires, and all dayming to his or theire use, or in truste for him or them, or at his or theire Will or Disposition, all and all manner Leases Rents Conditions and other Rights and Titles whatsoever had made and done (bona fide) and without Fraude and Covine before suche Seisure.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authority aforesaide. That the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors shall not take into his two parts, but leave to such Offendor his chiefe Mansion Howse as part of his third part, and shall not demise lease nor put over the said two parts nor any part thereof to any Recusant, nor to or for the use of any Recusant; and that whosoever shall take the same in Lease or otherwise of his Majestie his Heires and Successors, shall give such Securitie not to comitt nor suffer Waste to be comitted in or uppon any the saide pmisses as by the Courte of Exchequer shall be allowed sufficient.

And for the better tryall howe his Majesties Subjects stand affected in point of theire Loyalty and due Obedience, Be it also enacted by the authority aforesaide, That from and after the end of this p*sent Session of Parliament, it shall be lawfull to and for any Bishop in his Diocesse, or any two Justices of the Peace, whereof one of them to be of the Quop, within the limits of their Jurisdiccbn out of the Sessions, to require any pson of the age of eighteene yeares or above, being or which shalbe convict or indicted of or for any Recusancy, other then Noble men or Noble weomen, for not repairing to Divine Service according to the Lawes of this Realme, or which shall not have received the saide Sacrament twice within the yeere then next past. Noble men and Noble women excepted, or any p6on passing in or throughe the Countye Shire or Libertie, and unknowen, except as is last before excepted, that being examined by them upon Oathe, shall confesse or not deny himselfe or herselfe to be a Recusant, or shall confesse or not denie that he or shee had not received the saide Sacrament twice within the yeere then last past, to take the Othe hereafter following, upon the Holy Evangelist; which said Bishop or two Justices of the Peace shall certifie in writing subscribed with his or theire Handes at the next Gefiall or Quarter Sessions for that Shire Limit Division or Liberty within which the saide Othe shalbe so taken, the Christen Name Surname and Place of Abode of everie pson which shall so take the said Othe, which Certificate shall be there recorded by the Clerke of the Peace or Towne Clerke, and kept amongest the Recordes of the said Sessions.

And be it further enacted, That if any such pson or psons, other then Noble men or Noble weomen, shall refuse to answere upon Othe to such Bishop or Justices of Peace examining hym or her as aforesaide, or to take the saide Othe soe duly tendred unto hym or her by such Bishop or two such Justices of Peace out of Sessions, That then the saide Bishop or Justices of Peace shall and may comitt the same pson to the Comon Gaole, there to remaine without Bayle or Mayneprise untill the next Assizes or Geroall or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the saide Shire Division Limit or Libertie where the saide Othe shalbe againe in the saide open Assizes or Sessions required of such pson by the saide Justices of Assize or Justices of Peace then and there psent or the greater number of them; And if the saide pson or psons or any other pson whatsoever, other then Noble men or Noble women, of the Age of eighteene yeeres or above shall refuse to take the saide Othe, being tendred unto hym or her by the Justices of Assize and Gaole Deliverie in theire open Assizes, or the Justices of Peace or the greater part of them in theire saide Generali or Quarter Sessions, every pson so refusing shall incurre the Danger and Penalty of Premunire mencioned in the Statute

Disproportionate Effect of such Penalties, Stc.

The Crown may refuse the jfso per Month, and in all Cates seize Two-thirds of the Lands of Recusants, until their Conformity.

General String of Leases, See.

VII. Prorito for Mansion House of Recusant, and Leases by the Crown of the Two-thirds.

VIII. Bishops and Justicet may examine Recusants on Oath, and require them to take Oath of Allegiance.

IX

Recusants refusing to answer on Oatn, or to take Oath of Allegiance, may be imprisoned until Assizes or Sessions i and refuting there, shall incur Premunire.

Vor.. IV.

13 R


1074

8° Jac. I. c. 4.

I

A.D. 1605-6.

Tenor of the Oath of Allegiance, See. to be taken and subscribed by Recusants.

X.

Indictments for Rccusaiicy shall not be avoided for Want of Form.

XI.

On Conformity Recusants may reverse Indictments.

XII.

Penalty of Felony on Persons, not having taken the said Oath, serving any foreign Prince j

and on Gentlemen and Officers of the Army, so serving, before entering into Bond, not to be reconciled to the Pope, &c.

of Premunire, made in the sixteenth yeere of the Raigne of King Richard the Second, except Women coovert, who upon refusail of the saide Othe shall be by the saide Justices of Assize in theire open Assize or Justices of Peace in theire Geffall or Quarter Sessions for the said Offence comitted onely to the Comon Gaole, there to remaine without Bayle or Mayneprise till they will take the saide Othe ; The tenor of which saide Othe hereafter followeth

I A.B. doe truely and sincerely acknowledge pfesse testiffe and declare in my Conscience before God and the Worlde, That our Soveraigne Lorde Kinge James is lawfull and rightfull King of this Realme and of all other his Majesties Dominions and Countries; And that the Pope, neither of himselfe nor by any Authority of the Churche or Sea of Rome, or by any other meanes with any other, hath any Power or Authoritye to depose the King or to dispose any of his Majesties Kingdomes or Dominions, or to authorize any Forraigne Prince to invade or annoy hym or his Countries, or to discharge any of his Subjects of their Allegiaunce and Obedience to his Majestie, or to give Licence or Leave to any of them to beare Armes raise Tumult or to offer any violence or hurte to his Majesties Royall Pson State or Government or to any of his Majesties Subjects within his Majesties Dominions. Also I doe sweare from my heart, that notwithstanding any Declaracbn or Sentence of Excommunicac6n or Deprivac&n made or graunted or to be made or graunted by the Pope or his Successors, or by any Authoritie derived or ptended to be derived from hym or his Sea against the saide King his Heires or Successors, or any Absolution of the saide Subjects from theire Obedience; I will beare Faithe and true Allegiaunce to his Majestie his Heires and Successors, and hym or them will defend to the uttermost of my power against all Conspiracies and Attemptf whatsoever which shalbe made against his or theire persons theire Crowne and Dignitie by reason or colour of any such Sentence or Declarac&n or otherwise, and will doe my best endevour to disclose and make knowen unto his Majestie his Heires and Successors all Treasons and traiterous

Conspiracies which I shall knowe or heare of to be against hym or any of them. And I doe further sweare. That I

doe from my heart abhor detest and abjure as impious and hereticall this damnable Doctrine and Position, that Princes which be excomunicated or deprived by the Pope may be deposed or murthered by theire Subjects or any other whosoever. And I doe beleeve and in my Conscience am resolved, that neither the Pope nor any pson whatsoever hath power to absolve me of this Oath or any parte thereof, which I acknowledge by good and full Authoritye to be lawfully ministred unto mee, and doe renounce all Pardons and Dispensac&ns to the contrarie; And all these things 1 do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and sweare, according to these expresse wordes by me spoken, and according to the playne and comon sense and understanding of the same wordes, without any equivocac&n or mentall evasion or secret reservac&n whatsoever ; And I doe make this recognic&n and acknowledgment heartily willingly and truly upon

the true Faithe of a Christian: So help me God. Unto which Oath so taken, the saide pson shall subscribe

his or her Name or Marke.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That no Indictmente or Indictmentf had or found or hereafter to be had or found against any pson or psons for not repairing to some Church or Chappell or usuall Place of Comon Prayer, but absenting him or her selfe by the space of one moneth, contrarie to the Lawes and Statutf in that behalfe pvided, or for not receiving the saide Sacrament contrarie to this p*sent Lawe, nor any Pclamacon Utlawry or other Pceeding thereupon, shall at any tyme hereafter be avoided discharged or reversed by reason of any defaulte in forme or lacke of forme or other defecte whatsoev* (other then by direct traverse to the poynt of not coming to Church or not receiving the saide Sacrament) whereof such pson or psons hath byn or shalbe indicted, but the same Indictment shall stand in force & be pceeded upon; Any such defaulte or forme or other defecte whatsoever notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies, That if any person or persons soe indicted or to be indicted shall at any tyme hereafter submitt and conforme hym or her selfe, and become obedient to the Lawes of the Church of England, and repaire to the Parishe Church of his or her most abiding, and if there be none such then to the Church next adjoyning to his or her such Dwelling, and there heare Divine Service according to the true meaning of the Statute in that behalfe made and pvided, and there publikely receive the saide Sacrament according to the Lawes of this Realme of England now established. That then every such pson and psons so indicted shall and may from thenceforth be admitted and allowed to avoide discharge reverse and undoe the saide Indictment and Indictments and all Pceedingf thereupon, in such manner and forme as if this pfeente Acte had not beene had nor made; Any thing herein contained to the contrarie in any wise notwithstandinge.

And for as much as it is found by late Experience that such as goe voluntarily out of this Realme of England to serve Forraigne Princes States or Potentates, are for the most part pverted in their Religion and Loyalty by Jesuites and Fugitives, with whome they doe there converse; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That everie Subjecte of this Realme that after the Tenth day of June next edming shall goe or passe out of this Realme to serve any Forraigne Prince State or Potentate, or shall after the saide Tenth day of June passe over the Seas, and there shall voluntarily serve any such Forraine Prince State or Potentate, not having before his or theire going or passing as aforesaide, taken the Oathe aforesaide before the Officer hereafter appointed, shalbe a Felon: And that if any Gentleman or p6on of higher Degree, or any pson or psons which hath borne or shall beare any Office or Place of Captaine Lieutenant or any other Place Charge or Office in Campe Armie or Company of Souldiers or Conductur of Souldiers, shall after goe or passe voluntarily out of this Realme, to serve any such Forraine Prince State or Potentate or shall voluntarily serve any such Prince State or Potentate before that hee and they shall become bound by Obligacbn, with Two such Sureties as shall be allowed of by the Officers, which are hereafter by this Acte limited, to take the same Bond unto our Soveraigne Lorde the Kings Majestie, his Heires or Successors, in the Sume of Twentie Poundes of currant Englishe Money at the least, with condi&n to the Effecte following shall be a Felon ; The Tenor of which


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 4.

1075

condi&n followeth, videft. That if the within bounden &c. shall not at any tyme then after be reconciled to the Form of Bond to

Pope or Sea of Rome, nor shall enter into or consent unto any Practise Plot or Conspiracie whatsoever against the ^ the'cuu^*""

Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, or any his and their Estate and Estates Realmes or Dominions, but shall cmifi«U>y

within convenient tyme after knowledge thereof had, reveile and disclose to the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Exchequer.

Successors, or some of the Lordes of his or theire honourable Privie Counsell, all such Practises Plots and Conspiracies

that then the saide Obligac&n to be voide: And that for the due Execuc&n of this Branch of this psent Lawe, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the Customer and Comptroller of everie Porte Haven or Creeke, or one of them,

and theire or either of their Deputye or Deputies, and none other, to receive and accepte all and every such Bond

and Obligac&n to and for the Uses aforesaide, and to minister and give the Oath aforesaide according to the true

intent of this Statute (taking for such Bond Sixe pence and no more, and for the saide Oath no Fee at all) which saide

Customer and Comptroller shall register and certifie all and everie such Bond and Oath so taken into the Court of

Exchequer at Westminster once everie yeare, upon paine of Five Poundes for everie Bond not so certified, and Twenty

Shillingf for everie Oath not so certified.

Provided alwaies, That this last mencioned Braunch shall not extend to any pson or psons which are alreadie to^etteiid gone or shall goe beyond the Seas to serve any Forraine Prince State or Potentate, before the Tenth day of June next to Pmoni now coming, for his said going or passing before the saide Tenth day of June. Abroxd.

And further be it enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That if any pson or psons at any tyme after the saide Tenth XIV. day of June, shall either upon the Seas or beyond the Seas, or in any other Place within the Dominions of the to*iS»ofretor Kings Majestie, his Heires or Successors, put in practise to absolve pswade or withdraw any of the Subjects of the Kings Majestie, or of his Heires or Successors of this Realme of England, from their naturall Obedience to his Majestie or to reconcile his Heires or Successors, or to reconcile them to the Pope or Sea of Rome, or to move them or any of them to pmyse

obedience to any ptended Authority of the Sea of Rome, or to any other Prince State or Potentate, that then everie be. or reconciled,

such Person, theire Tourers Councellors Ayders and Maintainers, knowing the same, shall be to all Intentf adjudged <*ecl*re<* ^'rca,on'

Traytors, and being thereof lawfully convicted shall have Judgment suffer and forfeite as in cases of High Treason:

And if any such pson as aforesaide at any tyme after the saide Tenth day of June shalbe either upon the Seas, or beyond the Seas, or in any other place within the Dominions of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors, willingly absolved or withdrawen as aforesaide, or willingly reconciled, or shall pmyse Obedience to any such ptended Authority Prince State or Potentate as aforesaide, that every such pson and psons, theire Tourers and Councellors Ayders and Maintainers, knowing the same shall be to all Intentf adjudged Traytors, and being therof lawfully convicted shall have Judgment suffer and forfeite as in cases of High Treason.

Provided neverthelesse, That the last mencioned Clause of this Branch, or any thing therein conteyned, shall not proTi|o^-extend or be taken to extend to any pson or psons whatsoever, which shall hereafter be reconciled to the Pope or Sea of Penon« reconciled, Rome as aforesaide (for and touching the point of so being reconciled onely) that shall retome into this Realme, ^"g1^ o«th and thereupon within sixe dayes next after such Returne before the Bishop of the Dioces, or Two Justices of Peace <>( Supremacy (joyntly or severally) of the County where he shall arrive, submitt hymselfe to his Majestie and his Lawes, and take the TtSis^e^i. § 9. Oath set forth by Act, in the firste yeere of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth (comonly called the Oath of Supremacie) as also the Oath before set downe in this psent Acte, which saide Oathes the said Bishop and Justices under thi« Act. respectivelie shall have Power and Authority by this psent Acte to minister to such psons as aforesaide; And the said Oathes soe taken, the saide Bishoppe and Justices before whome such Oathes shall be soe taken respectively shall certefie at the next GeSall or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden within the saide Shire Limitt Division or Liberty wherein such pson as aforesaide shall submitt himselfe and take the saide Oathes as aforesaide, uppon paine of every one neglecting to certefie the same as aforesaide the some of Forty Poundes.

Anizea, be.

And be it farther enacted, That all and everie pson and psons that shall offend contrarie to this psent Braunch of Xreuont^hill this Statute shalbe indicted tryed and pceeded against by and before the Justices of Assise and Gaole Delivery of be tried at that County for the tyme being, or before the Justices of the Court of Kings Bench, and be there pceeded against according to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme against Traytors, as if the saide Offence had beene comitted in the same County where such pson or p6ons shall be soe taken; Any Law Custome or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Providbd alwaies, That if any Peere of this Realme shall happen to be indicted of any Offence made Treason by this Acte, he shall have hisTryall by his Peeres as in other like cases of Treason is accustomed.

XVII.

Peers shall be tried by Peer*.

And be it further enacted, That if any Subject of this Realme at any tyme after one Moneth next after the end of r this Psent Session of Parliament, shall not resort or repaire every Sunday to some Church Chappell or some other on all Subjects usual 1 Place appointed for Comon Prayer, and there heare Divine Service, according to the Statute made in that church weekly* bebalfe, in the firste yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for any one Justice of Peace of that Limit Division or Liberty wherein the saide Partie shall dwell, upon proofe unto hym made of such Default by Confession of the Party or Oath of Witnesse, to call the saide Partye before hym, and if he or shee shall not make a sufficient Excuse, and due Proofe thereof to the Satisfacc&n of the saide Justice of Peace; that it shall be lawfull for the saide Justice of Peace to give Warrant to the Churchwarden of the saide Parish wherein the saide Partie shall dwell, under his Hand and Seale, to levy Twelve Pence for everie such Default by


Original from PENN STATE

1076

3° Jac. I. c. 4

A.D. 1605-6.

Limitation of Proiecutiom, One Month, See.

XIX.

Stat. 35EU1.C.1. tt 5,6. repealed.

Penalty on Persons harbouring Recusants, or keeping Servants who do not attend Church, j&to per Month.

XX.

Proviso for Parents.

XXI. House may be broken to take Recusants excommunicate.

XXII. Offences may be determined by Justices of Asaixe.

XXIII. Felonies shall not work Corruption of Blood.

XXIV. General Issue may be pleaded.

Distresse and Sale of the Goodes of everie such Offendor, rendering to the saide Offendor the Overplus of the Money raised of the saide Goodes soe to be sold; and that in default of such Distresse it shall and may be lawfull for the saide Justice of Peace to cornyt every such Offendor to some Prison within the saide Shire Division Limit or Liberde wherein such Offendor shall be inhabiting, undll payment be made of the saide summe or sumes soe to be forfeited, which forfeiture shall be imployed to and for the use of the Poore of that Parishe wherein the Offendor shall be resident or abiding at the tyme of such Offence comitted: Provided that no Man be impeached upon this Clause, except he be called in question for his saide Defaulte within one moneth next after the saide defaulte made; And that no Man being punished according to this Branch, shall for the same Offence be punished by the forfeiture of twelve pence, upon the Lawe made in the firste yeere of the late Queene Elizabeth.

And because in one Acte of Parliament begun and holden at Westminster in the five and thirtieth yeare of the late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte to retaine the Queenes Majesties Subjects in their due obedience, there are two Branches conteyned, the firste beginnyng thus: (And for that every pson having Howse and Famyly is in duty bounden to have especiall regard of the good Government and ordering of the same;) and soe forth to the nexte Clause, begynning thus: Provided neverthelesse that this Acte shall not in any wise extend to punishe or impeach any psons for relieving, &c. ending with these Wordes, Any thing in this Acte contayned to the contrary notwithstanding; Which saide two Branches or Clauses ar found defective: Be it therefore enacted, That the said twoe Branches or Clauses of the saide Acte, and no more, shall be by authority of this psent Parliament utterly repealed and made voide and in iiewe thereof bee it enacted, that everie pron and psons which after one moneth next after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, shall willingly maynetaine retaine releeve keepe or harboure in his or theire House any Servant Sojourner or Strainger who shall not goe to or repaire to some Church or Chappell or usuall Place of Comon Prayer to heare Divine Service, but shall forbeare the same by the space of one moneth togeather, not having a reasonable excuse, contrary to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, shall forfeite tenne poundes for every Moneth that he shee or they shall soe relieve mainetaine retaine keepe or harbour any such Servant Sojourner or Estraunger in his or their Howse soe forbearing as aforesaide; and that every pson which shall within the tyme aforesaide retaine or keep in his her or theire Service Fee or Liverie any pson or psons which shal not goe to or repaire to some Church Chappell or usuall Place of Comon Prayer to heare Divine Service, but shall forbeare the same by the space of one moneth together shall forfeite for everie moneth, he shee or they shall so retaine keepe or continue in his her or their Service Fee or Livery any such pson or psons soe forbearing as aforesaide, knowing the same, Tenne poundes, the same Penalties to be recovered and imployed in manner and forme hereafter following.

Provided neverthelesse. That this Acte shall not extend in any wise to punish or impeach any pson or psons for mainetayning retayning relieving keeping or harboring his her or theire Father or Mother wanting, without fraude or coven, other Habitac&n or sufficient Mainetenance, or the Ward of any such pson, or any pson that shalbe comitted by authority to the custody of any by whome they shall be soe relieved maintained or kepte; Any thing in this Acte contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by (') authority of this psent Parliament, That upon any lawfull Writt Warrant or Processe awarded to any Sheriffe or other Officer, for the taking or apphending of any Popishe Recusant standing excomunicated for such Recusancie, it shall be lawful for such Sheriffe or other Officer authorized in that behalfe, if neede be, to breake open any Howse wherein such pson excomunicate shalbe, or to raise the power of the County for the apPhending of such pson, and the better execucSn of such Warrant Writt or Processe.

And be it further enacted, That all and everie Offence to be comitted or done against this psent Acte shall and may be enquired of heard and detWned before the Justices of the Kings Bench Justices of Assize and Gaole Deliveiye in their severall Assizes and Gaole Deliveries ; and all Offences other then Treason shall be enquired heard and dermyned before the Justices of Peace in theire GeSall or Quarter Sessions to be holden within the Shire Division Limitt or Liberty wherein such [Offence ’ ] shall happen.

(l)

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That any Attaindor of Felony made Felony by this Acte as is aforesaide, shall not in any wise extend to take away the Dowry of the Wife of any such pson attainted, or be any barre for recovery of the same, nor shall make or work any Corrupc&n of Blood, or Disherison of any the Heire or Heires of any such pson or p6ons soe attainted : This Acte or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted, That if any Ac£&n or Accons shall at any tyme hereafter be comenced or brought against any pson or psons doing comitting or comaunding any Acte or Thing for or concerning the execucSn of this psent Statute, or any Article or Clause therein contained, that then everie Defendant in such AcfSn or AccSns may plead the GeSall Issue, and be received to mainteyne the same by any evidence that shall proove his Doyngf and Pceedingf warrantable by this Lawe.

1 the O. « Offences 0.

1 Several Clauses are here inserted in the Original Act, which do not appear on the Roll: These are net erased or struck through, but are marked in the Margin thus: « Vacat’. These Clauses appear to form the Materials of Part of the succeeding Chapter V.


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 4, 5.

1077

Provided alwaies, That neither this Acte nor any thing therein contained shall extend to take away or abridge the XXV. Authority or Jurisdiction of the Ecch'asticall Censures for any cause or matter; but that the Comissioners of his Frrllii»iUt»l Majesde his Heires and Successors in Causes Ecctiasticall for the tyme being, and the Archbishops Bishops and other Censure*. Ecctiasticall Judges may doe and pceede as before the making of this Acte they lawfullye did or mighte have done;

Any thing in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

(1) Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That no pson shal be charged or chargeable with any Penalde or Forfeiture XXVI. by force of this Acte which shall happen for his Wives Offence in not receiving the saide Sacrament during her offen«/of Manage, nor that any Woman shalbe charged or chargeable with any Penalty or Forfeiture by force of this Acte for wive*-any such Offence of not receiving which shall happen during her Marriage.

Provided also and be it enacted by the Authority of this Parliament, That in all cases where any Bishop or

Justices of the Peace may by force of this Acte require and take of any Subject the Othe above mentioned, that the require Peer*, &c.

Lordes of the Privie Counsell for the tyme being or any sixe of them, whereof the Lorde Chauncellor Lorde ,0,*k«,f>rO»ih*.

Treasurer or the principall Secretary for the tyme to be one, shall have full Power and Authority by force of this Acte, at any tyme or tymes to require and take the saide Oathes before mencioned of any Nobleman or Noble woman (then being above the age of eighteene yeeres); And if any such Noble man or Noble woman (other then women

maried) shall refuse to take such Oath or Othes, that in everie such case such Nobleman or Noble woman shall

incurre the payne and danger of a Premunire.

Provided also and be it enacted by Authority of this Parliament, That where any pson or psons shall goe or vv»rde?of the passe out of the Cinque Portes or any member thereof, to any parts beyond the Seas to serve any Forreine Prince Cinque Port* m»y State or Potentate, that m everie such case the Lorde Warden of the Cinque Portes for the tyme being, or any pson by him in that behalfe appointed or to be appointed, shall have full Power and Authority by vertue hereof to take deputing the the Bond and minister the Othe to such Passengers as is above mencioned.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte to fPvent & avoid dangers which may grow by Popish Recusant?.

WHEREAS divers Jesuites Seminaries and Popishe Priests daylie doe withdrawe many of his Majesties Subject? For preventing from the true Service of Almighty God and the Religion established within this Realme to the Romishe ^STrfiwu Religion, and from their loyall Obedience to his Majesde, and have of late secretly pswaded divers Recusantf and Jctuit*, Kc. Papist? and encouraged and imbouldened them to comit moste damnable Treasons, tending to the overthrough of Gods true Religion the destruction of his Majestye and his Royall Issue, and the overthrowe of the whole State and Cdmonwealth, if God of his Goodnesse and Mercye had not within fewe houres before the intended tyme of the execution thereof revealed and disclosed the same: Wherefore to discover and phrent such secret damnable Conspiracies and Treasons as hereafter may be put in Ure by such evill disposed psons if remedye be not therefore pvided, be it enacted by the King? most excellent Majesde the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same. That such pson as shall first discover to any Justice of Peace any Reward to Recusant or other pson which shall entertaine or releive any Jesuite Seminarie or Popishe Prieste, or shall discover any Masse to have beene saide, and the psons that were psent at such Masse, and the Prieste that saide harbour Prie«», the same, or any of them, within Three Dayes nexte after the Offence edmitted, and that by reason of such discoverie any of the saide Offendors be taken & convicted or attainted, that then the pson which hath made such discovery Indemnity, and shall not onely be freed from the danger and penalty of any Lawe for such Offence if he be an Offendor therein, ,he

but alsoe shall have the third parte of the Forfeiture of all such sumes of Money Goodes Chattels and Debt? which exceeding x$o. shall be forfeited by such Offence (soe as the same totall Forfeiture exceed not the some of One hundred and fiftie Poundes), and if it exceede the sume of One hundred and fiftie Poundes, the said pson so discovering the saide Offence shall have the some of Fiftie Poundes onely for every such discovery; And such pson so discovering the same, after conviccfin of the Offendor shall have a Certificate from the Judges or Justices of Peace before whome such convicttOn shall happen to be, directed to the Sheriffe or other Officer of the County Limitt or Place that shall seize the Goodes or levye the saide Forfeiture comaunding the saide Sheriffe or other Officer to pay the same accordingly to hym that soe discovered the same, out of the Monyes to bee leavied by vertue of the saide Forfeitures; which Warrant and Payment shall be effectuall in the Lawe for that purpose, and a sufficient Discharge in that behalfe for the Sheriffe or other Officer upon his Accompte.

And whereas the repaire of such evill affected psons to the Corte or to the Citye of London may be very dangerous to his Majesties person, and may give them more libertye to meete consult and plot theire Treasons and Practises againste the State, then if they should bee restrayned and confined unto their private Houses in the Country: For Remedy hereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That no Popishe Recusant, convicted or to be

II.

Penalty on Popi*h Recusant* convict appearing at Court, he. £ too.

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


1078

3° Jac. I. c.5.

A.D. 1605-6.

convicted shall come into the Courte or House where the Kings Majestie, or his Heire Apparant to the Crowne of England shall be, unlesse he be comaunded so to doe by the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors, or by Warrant in writing from the Lords and others of the most honourable Privy Counsell of the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, or any of them, upon paine to forfeite for every tyme so offendinge One hundred Poundes, the one Moytie to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, the other Moytie to hym that will discover and sue for the same by Accftn of Debte Bill Plaint or Informacfin, in any of his Majesties Courts of Recorde, wherein no Essoyne

Recusants, kc. Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shall be allowed: And that all Popishe Recusantf indicted or convicted, and all other

Dfvme Sertketfc^d psons which have not repaired to some usuall Church or Chappell, and there heard Divine Service, but have forborne

Three Months, the same by the space of Three Monthes last past, contrarie to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, dwelling

within Te'nhlile* of abiding or remayning within the City of London or the Libties thereof, or within Tenne Miles of the saide City, shall L°n<jon, wjtjjin Three Monthes next after the end of this Session of Parliament, departe from the saide City of London and Names*to the* Lord Tenne Miles compasse of the same, and alsoe shall deliver up theire Names to the Lord Maior of London in case suche Justice of Peace* ®ecusant doe dwell or remaine within the said City of London or the Libties thereof: And in case the said Recusant See. Penalty tfioo. shall dwell or remaine in any other County within Tenne Miles of the same Citie, then the said Recusant shall deliver up his or her name to the next Justice of Peace within suche County where the saide Recusant shall soe dwell or remaine, within Forty Dayes after the end of this Session of Parliament, upon paine that every pson offending herein shall forfeite to our Sov'aigne Lorde the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors, the some of One hundred Pounds, the one Moytie whereof shall be to the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors, the other Moytie to him or them that will sue for the same by Acc&n of Debte Bill Plaint or Informac&n in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde, wherein no Essoyne ProtecdSn or Wager of Lawe shall be admitted or allowed. And that all Popishe Recusantf which shall hereafter come dwell or remaine within the saide City of London or the Liberties thereof, or within Tenne Miles of the saide City, which now are or hereafter shall be indicted or convicted of such Recusancye, or which shall at any tyme hereafter not repaire unto some usuall Church or Chappell, and there heare Divine Service but shall forbeare the same by the Space of Three Monthes, contrary to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, shall within Ten Dayes after such Indictment or Convice&n depart from the saide City of London and Tenne Miles compasse of the same, and also shall deliver up theire Names to the Lorde Maior of London for the tyme being, in case such Recusant shall dwell or remaine within the saide City of London or the Libties thereof: And in case the said Recusant shall dwell or remaine in any other County within Tenne Miles of the said Citie, then the saide Recusant shall deliver up his or her Name to the next Justice of Peace within suche County where the saide Recusant shall soe dwell or remaine, within the saide Tenne Dayes next after such Indictment or ConviccSn, upon paine that every pson offending herein shall likewise forfeite to our saide SoPaigne Lorde the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors, the like some of One Hundred Poundes, the one Moytie whereof shall be to the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors, and the other to him or them that will sue for the same by Acc&n of Debte Bill Plaint or Information in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Record, wherein noe Essoyne Ptecc&n or Wager of Lawe shall be admitted or allowed.

m.

Proviso for Tradesmen, See. in London.

IV.

35 Elia. c.». f i,». requiring Recusants to repair to their Places of Abode,

Scc.j

Recited Act confirmed

f 7. of that Act, allowing Licences to Recusants, repealed.

V.

Licences maybe granted to Recusants by the King or Privy Council, without Cause assigned;

Provided allwaies, That such pson or psons as now use any Trade Misterie or manuall OccupacSn within the saide City of London, or within Tenne Miles of the same, and suche as have or shall have theire onely Dwelling within the saide Citye or Tenne Miles compasse of the same, not having any other Dwelling or Place of Abode elswhere, shall or may remaine and continue in such Place within the saide Citye or Tenne Miles of the same, as they have dwelled inhabited or remained in by the space of Three Monthes next before this p*sent Session of Parliamente ; Any Thing herein contained to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And Whereas by a Statute made at Westminster in the Five and thirtieth yeare of the raigne of Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for the restrayning of Popishe Recusantf to some certaine place of Abode, it was (amongest other Things) ordained and enacted, that everie Popishe Recusant then or after convicted for not repairing to Church Chappell or usuall place of Comon Prayer, having any certaine place of Dwelling and Abode within this Realm, should within the tyme lymitted by the said Statute repaire to theire place of usuall Dwelling and Abode, or not having any certaine place of Abode within this Realme should likewise within the tyme lymitted by the saide Statute repaire to the place where such pson was borne, or where the Father or Mother of suche person shoulde be dwelling, and not at any tyme remove or passe above Five Miles from thence, under the paines in the saide Statute limitted and pvided; Which Statute, by reason of sondry licences given unto suche Recusantf under colour of a Proviso in the saide Statute contained, hath not wrought that good Effecte in the Comonwealth as was hoped ; be it therefore enacted and ordeined by this p'sent Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That the saide Statute made in the saide Five and thirtieth yeare of the said Queene Elizabeth, for and concerning the confyning of the said Recusantf, under the Paines and Penalties therein contayned, shall by this Act & by the Authority of the same, be confirmed, and be hereafter put in due ExecuSJn according to the Tenor, true intent and meaning of the saide Statute in that Behalfe made : And that the saide Proviso in the saide Statute contained, giving power to graunt Licence or Licences unto the said Recusantf to go and travaile from or out of the compasse of the saide Five Miles, shall be from and after the End of this psent Session of Parliament, utterly repealed and voide ; Any Thing in the saide Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse, and be it further enacted by this psent Parliament, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawfull for the Kings moste Excellent Majestie, his Heires and Successors, or for Three or more of his Majesties moste honorable Privye Counsell, or for Three or more of the Privie Counsell of his Heires or Successors, in Writing under the Handes of the saide Privie Counsellors, to give Licence to every such Recusant to


I

ji D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c.5.

1079

goe and travaile out of the compasse of the saide Five Miles, for such tyme as in the saide Licence shall be contained, for theire travailing attending and returning and without any other cause to be expressed within the saide Licence; And if any of the persons which are soe confined by vertue of the saide Statute as is aforesaide shall have necessarie occasion or businesse to goe and travaile out of the compasse of the saide Five Miles, that then and in everie such case, uppon Licence in writing in that behalfe to be gotten under the Handes and Seales of foure of the Justices of Peace of the same County Limit Division or Place nexte adjoyning to the Place of Abode of such Recusant, with the privitie and assent in writing of the Bishop of the Diocesse or of the Lieutenant or of any Deputye Lieutenant of the same Countye residing within the saide County or Libertye under theire Handes and Seales ; in everie of which Licence or Licences in writing soe to be had and made shalbe specified and contained both the particular cause of the saide Licence and the tyme howe long the saide partye licenced shalbe absent in travailing attending and retouming, it shall and may thereupon be lawfull for everie such pson soe licenced to goe and travaile aboute such their necessarie businesse, and for such tyme only for theire travailing attending and retorning as shall be comprised in the saide Licence, the saide party soe licenced firste taking his corporall Oathe before the saide Foure Justices of the Peace or any of them (whoe shall have Authority by vertue of this Acte to minister the same) that he hath truly enformed them of the cause of this journey, and that hee shall not make any causeles stayes ; And that all and everye Licence hereafter to be made in this behalfe contrarie to the tenor effect and true meaning of this Statute shalbe utterlye voide frustrate and of none effecte ; Any thing in the saide former Acte or in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding: And everie pson soe confined which shall departe or goe above Five Miles from the place whereunto he is or shall bee confined, not having such Licence and not having taken such Oathe as aforesaide, shall incurre the paine and penalty and forfeite as a Recusant convicted, and passing or going above Five Myles from the saide place whereunto he is or shall bee confined by the saide Statute of tricesimo quinto Elizabethe should doe.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That no Recusant convict shall at any tyme after the end of this Session of Parliament practise the Comon Lawe of this Realme as a Councellor Clerke Attoumey or Sollicitor in the same, nor shall practise the Civill Lawe as Advocate or Proctor, nor practise Phisicke, nor exercise or use the Trade or Arte of an Apothecarie, nor shalbe Judge Minister Clerke or Steward of or in any Courte or keepe any Courte, nor shall be Register or Towne Clerke or other Minister or Officer in any Court, nor shall beare any Office or Charge as Captaine Lieutenant Corporall Serjieant Ancient bearer or other Office in Campe Troupe Bande or Company of Souldiers, nor shall be Captaine Maister Governor or beare any Office or Charge of or in any Shippe Castell or Fortresse of the Kings Majesties his Heires and Successors, but be utterly disabled for the same; And everie pson offending herein shall also forfeite for every such Offence One hundred Poundes, the one moytie whereof shall be to the Kinges Majestie his Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to him that will sue for the same by Acc6n of Debte Bill Plaint or InformacSn in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde, wherein no Essoyne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shall be admitted or allowed.

And be it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That no Popish Recusant convict, nor any having a Wife being a Popishe Recusant convict, shall at any tyme after the end of this Session of Parliament, nor any Popishe Recusant hereafter to be convict, or having a Wife which hereafter shall be a Popish Recusant convict, at any tyme after his or her Conviccbn, shall exercise anye publique Office or Charge in the Comon Wealth, but shall be utterly disabled to exercise the same by himselfe or by his Deputy, (Except such Husband himselfe, and his Children which shall be above the age of nyne yeeres abiding with hym, and his Servantf in Houshold, shall once every Moneth at the least, not having any reasonable excuse to the contrarie, repaire to some Church or Chappell usual! for Divine Service, and there heare Divine Service, and the said Husband and such his Children and Servantf as are of meete Age, receave the Sacrament of the Lordes Supper, at such tymes as are limited by the Lawes of this Realme, and doe bring up his saide Children in true Religion.)

And be it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That everie Married Woman being or that shall be a Popishe Recusant convicted, (her Husband not standing convicted of Popishe Recusancy) which shall not conforme herselfe, and remaine conformed, but shall forbeare to repaire to some Church or usuall Place of Comon Prayer, and there to heare Divine Service and Sermon, if any then be, and within the saide yeere receive the Sacrament of the Lordes Supper, according to the Lawes of this Realme, by the space of one whole yeere next before the death of her saide Husband, shall forfeite and loose to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, the issues and pfittf of two parts of her Joincture, and two partes of her Dower in three parts, to be devided during her Life of or out of any the Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf which are or were her saide Husbandes, and also be disabled to be Executrix or Administratrix of her saide Husband, and to have or demaund any part or porcon of her said late Husbands Goods or Chattels, by any Lawe Custome or Usage whatsoever.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaide, That every Popish Recusant which is or shall be convicted of Popish Recusancy, shall stand and be reputed to all intentf and purposes disabled, as a pson lawfully and duly excdmunicated, and as if hee or shee had beene soe denounced and excomunicated according to the Lawes of this Realme, untill hee or shee so disabled shall conforme him or herselfe and come to Church and heare Divine Service, and receive the Sacrament of the Lordes Supper, according to the Lawes of this Realme, and also take the Othe appointed and ^scribed in one other Acte made this p>sent Session of Parliament, intituled An Acte for the better discoveringe and repressing of Popishe Recusantf ; And that everie pson or psons sued or to bee sued by such pson soe disabled, shall and may pleade the same in disabling of such Plaintiffe, as if hee or shee were excomunicated by Sentence in the Ecctiasticall Courte: Provided neverthelesse, That it shall and may be lawfull for any such pson soe disabled, for and notwithstanding any thing in this Lawe conteined, to sue or psecute any Acc&n or Suite, for or

and by Four Justices of Peace, for Cause assigned upon Oath.

VI.

Recusants convict disabled from being Counsel, Attornies, Physicians, Apothecaries, Officers of Courts, or to hold Commissions, he. in Army or Navy : Penalty jCioo.

vir.

No Popish Recusant convict (nor Husband of any) shall bc;:r any public Office in the Commonwealth.

VIII. Widow being Popish Recusant convict, shall forfeit Two-thirds of her Dower, &c.

IX.

Popish Recusants convict declared excommunicate, until Conformity and taking Oath required by $ 9. of 3 Jac. I. c. 4.

Proviso for certain Actions by Recusant.

1080

3° Jac. I. c. 5

A.D. 1605-6.

x.

Popish Recusants convict, married otherwise than according to the Rites of the Church of England, shall not be Tenants by the Curtesy, nor in Dower, See.

Penalty on such Marriage, where the Wife hath not Lands, a£ioo.

Penalty on Popish Recusants not baptizing their Children in the Parish Church, 8tc. £100.

Penalty on Executors of Recusants not buried in the Churchyards, ire. aPzo.

XI.

Children of Subjects sent Abroad for Education, without Licence of the King in Council, shall not inherit Lands until they take the Oath of Allegiance, ire. required by 3 Jac. I. c. 4. § 9.

Penalty on Persons sending Children Abroad, j£ioo-

concerning onely such of his or her Landes Tenement? Leases Rent? Annuities and Hereditament?, or for the issues and pfitt? thereof, which are not to be seized or taken into the King? Handes his Heires or Successors, by force of any Lawe for or concerning '’is or her Recusancye, or any parte thereof.

And for that Popish Recusant? are not usually maried, nor theire Children christened, nor themselves buried according to the Lawe of the Church of England, but the same are done supstidously by Popish psons in secret, wherby the dayes of their Manages Birthes and Burialls cannot be certainly knowen: Be it further enacted by authority of this psent Parliament, That everie Man being, or which shall be a Popishe Recusant convicted, or who shall be hereafter married otherwise then in some open Church or Chappell, and otherwise then according to the Orders of the Church of England, by a Minister lawfully authorized, shalbe utterly disabled and excluded to have any Estate of Freehold into any the Landes Tenement? and Hereditament? of his Wife as Tenant by the curtesy of England; and that every Woman being, or which shalbe a Popishe Recusant convicted, and whoe shalbe hereafter married in other forme then as aforesaide, shalbe utterly excluded & disabled not onely to clayme any Dower of the Inheritance of her Husband, whereof shee may be indowable, or any Jointure of the Landes and Hereditament? of her Husband, or any of his Ancestors, but alsoe of her Widowes estate and francke bancke in any customary Landes, whereof her Husbande died seised, and likewise be disabled and excluded to have or enjoy any parte or porc&n of the Goodes of her saide Husbande by vertue of any custome of any County Citye or Place where the same shall ly or bee: And if any suche Man shall be maried with any Woman contrary to the intent and true meaninge of this Acte, which Woman hath or shall have no Landes Tenement? or Hereditament?, whereof he may be intituled to be Tenant by the curtesy, then such Man so marrying as aforesaide shall forfeite and loose One hundred poundes, the one halfe thereof to be to the King? Majestie his Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to such pson or psons as shall sue for the same by Acfftn of Debt Bill Plaint or Informac&n in any of the King? Majesties Court? of Record, wherein no Essoigne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shall be admitted or allowed: And that everie Popishe Recusant which shall hereafter have any Childe borne, shall within one moneth next after the birth thereof, cause the same Child to be baptized by a lawfull Minister, according to the Lawes of this Realme, in the open Church of the saide Parishe where the Childe shall be borne, or in some other Church neere adjoyning, or Chappell where Baptisme is usually administred ; or if by infirmity of the Childe it cannot be brought to such Place, then the same shall within the tyme aforesaide be baptised by the lawfull Minister of any of the saide Parishes or Places aforesaide, upon paine that the Father of such Childe, if he be living by the space of one moneth next after the birth of such Childe, or if he bee dead within the saide moneth, then the Mother of such Child shall for everie such Offence forfeite One hundred poundes of lawfull money of England, one thirde part whereof to be to the King? Majesty his Heirs and Successors, one other thirde parte to the Informer or him that will sue for the same, and the other third part to the Poore of the saide Parishe, to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informac&n in any of the King? Majesties Courtes of Recorde, wherein no Essoyne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed : And if any Popish Recusant Man or Woman not being excommunicate, shalbe buried in any place other then in the Church or Churchyard, or not according to the Ecciiasticall Lawes of this Realme, that the Executors or Administrators of ePy such pson soe buried, knowing the same, or the party that causeth him to be soe buried, shall forfeit the some of Twenty pound?, the one third part whereof shalbe to our Sov’aigne Lord the King, the other third part to the Informer or him or them that will sue for the same, the other third to the Poore of the Parish where such pson died, to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informac&n in any of the King? Majesties Court? of Record, wherein no Essoine Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed.

And be it further enacted by this ^>sent Parliament, That if the Children of any Subject within this Realme (the saide Children not being Souldiers Marriners Marchant? or their Apprentices or Factors) to pvent theire good educac&n in England, or for any other cause, shall hereafter be sent or goe beyond Seas, without Licence of the King? Majestie or sixe of his honorable Privye Counsell (whereof the principall Secretarie to be one) under theire Handes and Seales, that then all and every such Childe and Children soe sent, or which shall soe goe beyond the Seas, shall take no benefitt by any Guifte Conveyance Descent Devise or otherwise, of or for any Landes Tenement? Hereditament? Leases Goodes or Chattels, untill hee or they being of the age of eighteene yeeres or above, take the Oath mencioned in an Acte of Parliament made this psent Session, intituled An Acte for the better discovering and repressing of Popishe Recusant?, before some Justice of Peace of the County Liberty or Limitt where such Parent? of such Children as shall be soe sent, did or shall inhabit and dwell; And that in the meane tyme the next of his or her Kinne, which shall be no Popishe Recusant, shall have and enjoye the saide Landes Tenement? Hereditament? Leases Goodes and Chattels soe given conveyed descended or devised, untill such tyme as the pson so sent or gone beyond the Seas, shall conforme him or her selfe and take the aforesaide Oathe, and receive the Sacrament of the Lordes Supper ; And after such Oath taken, and conformeing of himselfe, and receiving the Sacrament of the Supper of the Lorde, he or they which have soe received the pfit? of the said Landes Tenement? Hereditament? Goodes and Chattels, or any of them, shall make accompt of the proffitt? soe received, and in reasonable tyme make payment thereof, and restore the value of the saide Goodes to such pson as shall so conforme him or her selfe as aforesaide: And that all such psons as shall send the saide Childe or Children over Seas without Licence as aforesaide, (unlesse the saide Childe or Children be Merchant?, or theire Apprentices or Factors Marriners or Souldiers) shall forfeite One hundred poundes, to be devided had and recovered in three equall part?, whereof the one thirde part shall be to the King his Heires and Successors, the other third part to such as shall sue for the same, and the other third part to the Poore of such Parishe where such Offendour doth inhabite or remaine, by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informac&n in any of the King? Majesties Court? of Record, wherein no Essoine Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed.


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 5.

1081

And for that many Subject? of this Realme, being neither Merchant? nor their Factors nor Apprentices Souldiers nor Marriners, are of late gone beyond the Seas without Licence, and are not as yett returned; Be it further enacted by the authority of this p*sent Parliament, That if any of the saide persons so gone beyond the Seas without Licence, which are not yet returned, shall not within sixe monethes next after their retume into this Realme, then being of the age of eighteene yeares or more, take the Oath above specified before some Justice of Peace of the County Libertie or Limitt where such pson shall inhabite or remaine, that then everie such Offender shall take no benefitt by any Guifte Conveiance Descent Devise or otherwise, of or to any Landes Tenement? Hereditament? Goodes or Chattels, untill he or they being of the saide age of eighteene yeeres or above, take the saide Oath; and that likewise in the meane tyme the next of Kin to the pson so offending, which shalbe no Popishe Recusant, shall have and enjoy the saide Landes Tenement? Hereditament? Goodes and Chattels soe given conveyed descended or devised, untill such tyme as the pson soe offending shall conforme himselfe and take the aforesaide Oath, and receive the saide Sacrament of the Lordes Supper; and after such conforming taking of the saide Oathe and receiving of the saide Sacrament, he or they that shall have soe received the Pfitt? of the saide Landes Tenement? Hereditament? Good? and Chattels, shall make accompt of the Pfitt? soe received, and in reasonable tyme make payment thereof, and of the value of such Goodes and Chattels, to such pson as shall so conforme hym or herselfe as aforesaide.

And be it further enacted by the authority of this p>sent Parliament, That everie pson or psons that is or shall be a Popishe Recusant convict, during the tyme that he shalbe or remaine a Recusant, shall from and after the end of this psent Session of Parliament be utterly disabled to psent to any Benefice, with Cure or without Cure, Prebend or any other Eccfiasticall Living, or to collate or nominate to any Freeschole Hospitall or Donative whatsoever, and from the beginning of this psent Session of Parliament shall likewise be disabled to graunt any avoydance to any Benefice Prebend or other Eccfiasticall Living ; and that the Chauncellour and Schollers of the UniPsity of Oxeforde, soe often as any of them shalbe voide, shall have the pfeentac&n Nominac&n Collation and Donac&n of and to everie such Benefice Prebend or Eccfiasticall Living, Schoole Hospitall and Donative, sett lying and being in the Counties of Oxford Kent Middlesex Sussex Surrey Hampshire Berkshire Buckinghamshire Gloucestershire Worcestershire Staffordshire Warwickshire Wiltshire SoiQsetshire Devonshire Comewall Dorsetshire Herefordshire Northamptonshire Pembrockshire Carnithenshire Brecknockshire Monmouthshire Cardiganshire Mountgomeryshire the Citye of London, and in every Citye and Towne being a Countye of it selfe, lying and being within any of the Limitt? or pcinct? of

any of the Counties aforesaide, or in or within any of them, as shall happen to be voide, during such tyme as the

Patron thereof shalbe and remaine a Recusant convict as aforesaide; And that the Chancellor and Schollers of the UniPsity of Cambridge shall have the psentacttn Nominacon Collac&n and Dona£6n of and to everie such Benefice Prebend or Eccfiasticall Living Schoole Hospitall and Donative, set lying and being in the Counties of Essex Hartfordshire Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire Hundngtonshire Suffolke Norffolke Lincolneshire Rutlandshire Leicestershire Derbishire Nottinghamshire Shropshire Cheshire Lancashire Yorkeshire the County of Durham Northumberland Cumberland Westinland Radnorshire Denbighshire Flintshire Carnarvonshire Angleseyshire Merionethshire Glamorganshire, and in everie City and Towne being a County of itselfe, lying within any of the Limits or peint? of any of the Counties last before mencioned, or in or within any of them, as shall happen to be voide, during such tyme as the

Patron thereof shall be and remaine a Recusant convict as aforesaide: Provided that neither of the saide Chauncellors

and Schollers of either the saide UniPsities shall psent or nominate to any Benefice with Cure Prebend or other Eccfiasticall Living, any such pson as shall then have any other Benefice with Cure of Soules; And if any such Presentac&n or Nominac&n shalbe had or made of any such pson soe beneficed, the said Presentac&n or Nominaftm shall be utterly voide ; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarye notwithstanding.

Moreover, Because Recusant? convict are not thought meete to be Executors or Administrators to any pson or psons whatsoever, nor to have the Educa£&n of their owne Children, much lesse of the Children of any other of the King? Subject?, nor to have the Mariage of them; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That such Recusant? convicted, or which shalbe convicted at the tyme of the Death of any Testator, or at the tyme of the granting of any Administracbn, shalbe disabled to be Executor or Administrator by force of any Testament hereafter to be made, or Letters of Administracftn hereafter to be granted, nor shall have the Custodie of any Childe as Gardian in Chivalry Gardian in Socage or Gardian in Nurture of any Landes Tenement? or Hereditament?, being Freehold or Copyhold, but shall be adjudged disabled to have any such Wardship or Custodie of any such Childe or of theire Landes Tenement? or Hereditament?, being Freehold or Copyhold as aforesaide: And that for the better Educac&n & pservac&n of the saide Children and of theire Estates, the next of the kynne to such Childe or Children to whome the saide Landes Tenement? or Hereditament? of such Childe or Children cannot lawfully descend, who shall usually resorte to some Church or Chappell and there heare Divine Service and receive the Holy Sacrament of the Lordes Supper thrice in the yeare next before, according to the Lawes of this Realme, shall have the Custodye and Educacbn of the same Childe and of his saide Landes and Tenement? being holden in Knight? Service untill the full Age of the saide Ward of one and twenty yeeres j And of his saide Landes Tenement? and Hereditament? being holden in Socage, as a Gardian in Socage; And of the saide Landes Tenement? and Hereditament? holden by Copye of Courte Rolle of any Mannour, soe long as the Custome of the saide Mannor shall pmitt and allowe the same, and in everie of the saide cases shall yeeld an Accompt of the Pfittf thereof to the saide Warde as the case shall require: And that if at any tyme hereafter any of the Ward? of the King? Majestie or of any other shalbe graunted or sold to any Popish Recusant convict, such grant or sale shall be utterly voide and of none cffecte.

XII. Persons Abroad without Licence shall not take Landi or Good* by Gift, Descent, fcc. until they take the Oath of Allegiance, See.

XIII. Popith Recusant* convict disabled from presenting to Benefices; which shall be supplied by the Two Universities.

Proviso against Pluralities.

XIV. Recusants convict shall not be Executors, Guardians, See.

Next of Kin, qualified and not interested, shall be Guardians.

The King's Wards shall not be granted to Popish Recusant,.



1082

3° Jac. I. c. 5.

.Z).1605-6.

XV.

Popish Missals, &c. shall not be imported or printed: Pen-dtp, 40s. each.

Justices of Peace may search for, and seiae and destroy. Popish Books, Relics, &c.

XVI.

Arms, &c. (except for necessary Defence) of Popish Recusants convict shall be seized by Justices of Peace.

XVII. Penalty on not disclosing or delireringArms^kc. Imprisonment, See.

XVIII.

Arms, Ac. shall be kept and mustered at Expence of Recusant.

XIX.

Proviso for

Ecclesiastical

Censures.

And be it further enacted by the Authority of this p>sent Parliament, That no pson or psons shall bring from beyond the Seas, nor shall print sell or buy any Popish Prymers Ladies Psalters Manuells Rosaries Popishe Catechismes Missals Breviaries Portals Legendes and Lives of Sainctf, conteyning supstitious matter, printed or written in any Language whatsoever, nor any other supsticious Bookes printed or written in the English Tongue, upon paine of Forfeiture of Forty Shillingf for every such Booke; One thirde part thereof to be to the Kings Majesty his Heires and Successors, one other thirde part to him that will sue for the same, and the other thirde part to the Poore of the Parish where such Booke or Bookes shalbe found, to be recovered by AccDn of Debte Bill Plaint or Informaffin in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde, wherein no Essoyne Protec£6n or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed, and the sa/de Bookes to be burned: And that it shall be lawfull for any two Justices of Peace within the Limittf of theire Jurisdiccftn or Authority, and to all Maiors Baylifff and Chiefe Officers of Cities and Townes Corporate in theire Liberties, from tyme to tyme to search the Howses and Lodgings of every Popishe Recusant convict or of every pson whose Wife is or shall be a Popish Recusant convict, for Popishe Bookes and Reliques of Popery ; And that if any Altar Pix Beades Pictures or suche like Popish Reliques or any Popishe Booke or Bookes shall be found in theire or any of theire Custodie, as in the opinion of the saide Justices Maior Bayliffe or Chiefe Officer as aforesaide shall be thought unmeete for such Recusant as aforesaid to have or use, the same shall be (Psently defaced and burnt, if it be meete to be burned ; And if it be a Crucifix or other Relique of any price, the same to be defaced at the GeSall Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the County where the same shall be found, and the same soe defaced to be restored to the Owner againe.

And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That all such Armour Gunpowder and Munition of whatsoever kindes as any Popishe Recusant convict within this Realme of England hath or shall have in his Howse or Houses or elswhere, or in the Hands or Possession of any other at his or their disposicbn, shalbe taken from such Popish Recusantf or others which have or shall have the same to the use of such Popish Recusant, by Warrant of Foure Justicf of Peace, at their GeSall or Quarter Sessions to be holden in the same County where such Popishe Recusant shalbe resident; (other then such necessary Weapons as shalbe thought fit by the saide Foure Justicf of Peace to remaine and be allowed for the Defence of the pson or psoas of such Recusantf, or for the Defence of his her or their House or Houses); And that the said Armour and Munition so taken shalbe kept and maintained at the Costs of such Recusantf in such Places as the saide Foure Justicf of Peace at their said Sessions of the Peace shall set downe and appointe.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Recusant having or which shall have any such Armor Gunpowder & Munid&n or any of them, or if any other pson or psons which shall have any such Armor Gunpowder and Munif&n or any of them to the use of any such Recusant, shall refuse to declare or manifest unto the said Justicf of Peace or any of them what Armor he shee or they have or shall have, or shall let hinder or disturbe the delivery thereof to any of the said Justicf or to any other pson or peons authorized by theire Warrant to take and seize the same, then every such pson so offending confry to this Statute in this behalfe shall forfeit & loose to the Kings Majestie his Heires & Successors his Sc their said Armor Gunpowder and Munif&n, and shall also be imprisoned by Warrant of or from any Justicf of the Peace of such County by the space of Three Moneths without Baile or Maineprise.

And yet nevertheles be it enacted by the Authoritye aforesaid, That notwithstanding the taking away of such Armour Gunpowder and Municbn, the said Popish Recusant shall and may be charged with the maintayning of the same, & with the buying pviding & mainteyning of Horse & other Armor and Municbn, in such sort as other his Majesties Subjects from tyme to tyme shalbe appointed and edmaunded, according to theire sePall Abilities and Qualities ; And that the saide Armor and Munition at the Charge of such Popish Recusant for them and as theire owne provision of Armour and Munition, shalbe shewed at everie Muster Shew or Use of Armour to be had or made within the saide Countie.

Provided alwaies, That neither this Acte nor any thing therein contained shall extend to take away or abridge the Authority or JurisdiccSn of the Ecdiasticall Censures, for any Cause or Matter; but that the Comissioners of his Majestie his Heires and Successors in causes Ecctiasticall for the tyme being Archbishops Bishops and other Ecdiasticall Judges may doe and pceede as before the making of this Acte they lawfully did or might have done; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c.6,7

1083

CHAPTER VI.

An Acts to enable all his Majesties loving Subjects of Englande and Wales to trade freely into the Dominions

of Spaine Portugale and France.

WHEREAS divers Merchantf have of late obtained from the Kings most excellent Majestye under the Create Seale of England a large Charter of Incorporation for them and theire Companie to trade into the Dominions of Spaine and Portugall, and are also moste earnest suitors to obtaine the like from his saide Majestie for Fraunce, wherebye none but themselves and such as they shall thincke fitt as being meere Merchantf shall take benefitt of the saide Charter, disabling therebie all others his Majesties loving Subjects of this Realme of England and Wales, who during all the tyme of her late Majesties Warres were in divers respectes greatly charged for the Defence of theire Prince and Country, and therefore ought indifferently to enjoy all the benefittf of this most happy Peace, and also debarring them from that free enlargement of comon Traffique into those Dominions which others his Majesties Subjects of his Realmes of Scotland and Ireland doe enjoy, to the manifest impoverishing of all Owners of Ships Masters Marriners Fishermen Clothiers Tuckers Spinsters and many thousands of all sortes of Handicraftesmen besides the decrease of his Majesties Customes Subsidies and other Impositions, and the ruine and decay of NavigaSJn, together with the abating of the prices of our Woolles Cloth Come and such like Comodities arising and growing within this his saide Majesties Realme of England, and the inhancing of all French and Spanish Comodities, by reason of the insufficiencie of the Merchantf they being fewe in nomber, and not of Abilitie to keepe the great number of our Ships and Seafaring men aworke, and to vent the great store of Comodities which this his Majesties Dominion of England doth yeelde; And by meanes that all Owners and Marriners with divers others (if these Incorporac6ns should continewe) shalbe cut of from theire ordinarie meanes of maintenance and fPserving their Estates; And Anally by reason that all French and Spanishe Comodities shall be in a few mens handes, in respect whereof, as also for many other manifold inconveniences growing thereby much hurt and pjudice must needes redound to all his Majesties loving Subjects of this his Highnes Realme of England, if reformac&n for the phrencbn of so great an evill be not had in due tyme: Fok Remedie whereof. Be it enacted by the Kings moste Excellent Majestie, the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and C5mons in this p>sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authorise of the same, That it shall and may be Jawfull to and for all his Majesties Subjects of this his [his'] Highnes Realme of England and Wales from henceforth at all tymes to have free libertye to trade into and from the Dominions of Spaine Portugall and France in such sort and in as free manner as was at any tyme accustomed sithence the beginning of this his Highnes most happy Reigne in this his Realme of England, and at any tyme before the saide Charter of Incorporac&n was graunted, paying to the Kings most excellent Majestie his Heires and Successors all such Customes and other Duties as by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme ought to be paide and done for the same; The saide Charter of IncorporacSn or any other Charter Grante Acte or any thinge else heretofore made or done or hereafter to be done to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte or any thing therein contained shall not be of force to enable or give libertye to any pson or psons to goe over Seas without Licence, who by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme, or by any Statute hereafter to be made, shalbe restrained from going beyond the Seas without Licence; Any thing to the contrarie notwithstanding.

CHAPTER Vn.

An Acte to reforme the Multitudes and Misdemeanors of Attomeyes and Sollicitors at Lawe, and to avoide sundrie unnecessarie Suits and Charges in Lawe.

FOR that through the Abuse of sundrie Attumeys and Sollicitors by chargeing their Clientf with excessive Fees and other unnecessarie Demandes, such as were not ne ought by them to have beene employed or demaunded, whereby the Subjects growe to be over much burthened, and the practise of the juste and honest Sergeant and Counsellor at Lawe greatly slaundered, and for that to worke the private Gaine of such Attoumeys and Sollicitors the Client is oftetymes extraordinarily delayed: Be it enacted by the authorise of this psent Parliament, That no Attoumey Sollicitor, or Servant to any, shalbe allowed from his Client or Maister of or for any Fee given to any Sergeant or Counsellor at Lawe, or of or for any somme or somes of Money given for Copies to any Clerke or Clerkes or Officers in any Court or Courts of Recorde at Westminster, unlesse hee have a Ticket subscribed with the Hand and Name of the same Sergeant or Counsellor Clerke or Clerkes or Officers aforesaide, testifying howe much hee hath

1 An erroneous Repetition on the Roll. O. omits.

Charter of Incorporation to certain Merchants, to trade with Spain, Portugal, and France

All Subjects may trade with those Nations^ aa freely as before such Incorporation.

u.

Proviso as to illegal Departure from the Realm.

Attornies shall not be allowed Fees, fee. to Counsel, or for Office Copies, without a Ticket from Counsel, See.

1084

3° Jac. I. c. 7—9.

A.D. 1605-6.

Attomie« shall received for his Fee, or given or paide for Copies, and at what tyme and howe often: And that all Attoumeys and tlftheirClient!: Sollidtore shall give a true Bill unto theire Masters or Clientf or theire Assignes of all other Charges concerning the

Suites which they have for them, subscribed with his owne Hand and Name, before such tyme as they or any of them Penalty onAttorney shall charge theire Clients with any the same Fees or Charges: And that if the Attumey or Solicitor doe or shall overcharging Feet, willingly delay his Clientf Suites to worke his owne Gaine, or demand by his Bill any other somes of Money or Treble Damages, Allowance upon his Accompt of any Money which he hath not layed out or disbursed, that in everie such case the party grieved shall have his Ac£6n against such Attumey or Sollicitor, and recover therein Costs and Treble Damages; And the saide Attumey and Sollicitor shalbe discharged from thenceforth from being an Attumey or Sollicitor any more.

ii.

Attornies shall be duly qualified, &c.

Attorney shall not allow hit Name to be used by another:

Penalty tSto.

And to avoide the infinite numbers of Sollidtors and Attorneys, Be it enacted by authoritie of this fPsent Parliament, That none shall from hencefoorth be admitted Atturaeyes in any the Kings Courts of Recorde aforesaide, but such as have beene brought up in the same Courts, or otherwise well practised in sollidting of Causes, and have beene found by their Dealingf to be skilfull, and of honest Disposition; and that none to be suffered to sollicite any Cause or Causes in any of the Courts aforesaide, but onely such as are knowen to be Men of sufficient and honeste Disposition; And that no Atturney shall admitt any other to followe any Suite in his Name, upon payne that both the Attumey and hee that followeth any such Suite in his Name, shall each of them forfdte for such Offence Twenty poundcs; the one moytie whereof to our Sov'aigne Lorde the King his Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to the parde graved, to be recovered in any the saide Courts of Record aforesaide, by originall Writt of Debte Bill Plaint or Informacbn, wherein no manner of Essoyne Wager of Lawe or Protecc6n shalbe allowed; And that the Atturney in such case shall be excluded from being an Attourney for ever thereafter.

CHAPTER VHt.

An Acte for the avoiding of unnecessarie delayes of Execuc&n.

Execution shall not be stayed by Writ of Error, in Actions on Bonds, Contracts, &c. unless on Recognizance in Double the Sum recovered.

FORASMUCH as his Highnes Subjects are now more comonly withholden from theire juste Debts, and often in danger to lose the same by meanes of Writtf of Error which are more comonly sued then heretofore they have been: Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this p'sent Parliament, That from or after the end of this {Psent Session of Parliament no Execution shalbe staide or delayed upon or by any Writt of Error or Supsedeas thereupon to be sued for the reversing of any Judgement given or to be given in any Accbn or Bill of Debt upon any single Bond for Debte or upon any Obligafftn with condic&n for the paymente of Money onely, or uppon any Acc&n or Bill of Debte for Rent, or uppon any Contracte sued in any of his Highnes Courts of Record at Westfii, or in the Counties Palantine of Chester Lancaster or Durham, or in his Highnes Courts of Great Sessions in any the Twelve Shires of Wales, unlesse such pson or psons in whose Name or Names such Writt of Error shall be brought, with two sufficient Sureties such as the Court wherein such Judgement is or shalbe given shall allowe of, shall firste before such Stay made or Supsedeas to be awarded, be bound unto the partie for whome any such Judgment is or shall be given by Recognizaunce to be acknowledged in the same Court in double the sdme adjudged to be recovered by the saide former Judgement, to psecute the saide Writt of Error with Effecte; and also to satisfie and pay (if the saide Judgment be affirmed) all and singuler the Debts Damages and Costs adjudged or to be adjudged upon the former Judgementf ; And all Costs and Damages to be also awarded for the same delaying of Execuc&n.

This Acte to have Continuance to the End of the firste Session of the next Parliament.

CHAPTER EX.

An Acte for the Reliefs of suche as lawfully use the Trade and Handicraft of Skynners.

Exportation of XT THERE AS the saide Artizan Skinners before the one and twentith yeere of the late Queene were at libertie VV and usually did transporte into the Eastlande Countries Conie Skinnes and Lambe Skinnes called Morkins, of »ntEl*i a 8rowt^ th*8 Kingdome, being in greate request in those Countries without contradic&n, in which one and Merchant*, &c. twentith yeere of her Majesties Raigne the Eastland Merchantf pcured a Charter from her Majestie, in which is conteyned a prohibic&n therein, that none but they the Merchantf of those Countreyes might transporte any Merchandizes thether, sithence which tyme the saide Artizan Skinners have by colour of those Letters Patentf byn restrayned from transportac&n, and thereuppon did for the mainetenance of them and theire poore Families apply themselves to theire handy Labours, and to pvide and buy within this Realme aswell of Petty Chapmen as others, the saide Skinnes within this Kingdome; and the surplusage over and above such as they wroughte into Manufactures they


ADA605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 9, 10.

1085

i

solde to the saide Merchantf that had gotten the saide Letters Patentf for transportac&n as aforesaide by reason whereof the saide Artizan Skinners with their "Wives and Families lived in good manner and maintained many thousandes both Tawers and other workmen, and verie many of them were Subsidie men, and men that payed many dueties in good sorte, untill of late tyme that divers Merchantf and others, for theire owne private gaine, doe by themselves theire Factors and Servantf in disorderly and unmerchantlike manner buy forestall ingrosse and pvide the saide Comodities, and soe drawe the whole Trade into theire owne handes and worke the same in their own Howses, and not contented therewith doe likewike sell and retaile the said Skinnes heere againe unto other Merchant Strangers, wherby they doe deprive the saide Artizan Skinners both from buying selling and transportac&n, and thereupon the whole Trade of Artizan Skinners are utterly impoverished generally throughout England: Be it therefore enacted by our Sov’aigne Lorde the Kings Majestie, by the Lords Spuall and Temporal! and Comons at this psent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no pson or psons after the end of Three Monthes next ensuing after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, using the Trade of Merchandize or any other, shall dresse or cause to be dressed in his or theire House or Houses or by any workman appointed by them for that purpose (those workmen not being Artizan Skinners, and using the Trade of the Artizan Skinners), any of the blacke Connie Skinnes of this Kingdome, nor shall transporte or carry beyond the Seas nor cause to bee transported or caried beyond the Seas, shall not packe ship or lade to the intent to transporte or carrye beyond the Seas any black Conie Skinnes of the breede of this Realme, unlesse the same Skinnes shall firste be tawed and duely and pfectly wroughte dressed and packed within this Realme by those that are Artizan Skinners or Tawers under the saide Artizan Skinners, according to the Science Arte and Facultie of the Artizan Skinners; upon paine of forfeiture of such Skinnes so packed shipped laden & transported contrarie to this Act or the juste and full value thereof.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That no pson or psons using or exercising the Trade of a Merchant shall after the end of the saide Three Monthes next ensuing after the end of this psent Session of Parliament buy bargaine or contracte, or cause to be bought bargained or contracted for any Cony Skinnes or Lambe Skinnes comonly called Morkins, of the breede of this Realme or being within this Realme under the number of one thousand black Cony Skinnes, or three thousand gray Cony Skinnes, or two thousand Lambe Skinnes called Morkins, at a tyme, and those not to be bought or contracted for in or by parcells, but to be contracted for bargained and delivered at one tyme entirely together and not by parcells (except it be of Artizan Skinners), nor shall utter or sell the same againe nor any part thereof to any pson or psons within this Realme in small parcells, that is to say; under the Number of one thousand blacke Conye Skinnes, and three thousand of gray Cony Skinnes, and two thousand of Morkins at a tyme, unlesse it be to the Artizan Skinner; upon paine of forfeiture of the saide Skinnes or the full value of the same.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That after the ende of the saide Three Monthes next ensuing after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, no pson or psons shall take retaine or keepe any Servant Journeyman or Apprentice to serve or worke with hym therein, except the saide pson soe using or setting upp the saide Trade Mistery or Occupac&n have served seven yeeres at the least as an Apprentice therein, and doe use the Trade and Handicrafte of a Skinner; upon paine of forfeiture of the double value of all such Skinnes or Furres as shall be dressed or wrought by such pson or psons his or theire Servantf Journeymen or Apprentices contrary to the intent of this Acte.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That all Forfeitures and Penalties which by force of this Acte shall arise or growe, shall be devided and distributed in manner and forme following, that is to say; the one moyty of the saide Penalties and Forfeitures aforemencioned shalbe to our Sov'aigne Lorde the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, and the other moytie thereof to such pson or psons as shall seize the saide Skinnes or Furres soe forfeited, or shall sue for the same Penalties and Forfeitures by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informac&n in any Courte of Recorde j in which Suits no Essoyne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shall be allowed.

(') This Acte to endure untill the end of the firste Session of the next Parliament.

Effect of that Charter, ttc.

No Merchant, 8>c. shall dress black Coney Skint; nor export them, unleu dressed by •uch Skinners.

II.

Merchants shall not buy any Skins, &c. by Retail, except from the Skinners.

III.

None shall employ Journeymen Skinners who have not served Apprenticeship.

IV. Recovery and Application of Penalties.

V.

Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for the rating and levying of the charges for conveying Malefactors and Offendors to the Gaole.

WHEREAS his Majesties honest and loving Subjects are muche charged and burdened in conveying Felons, and other Malefactors and Offendors against his Majesties Lawes and Statutf, unto the Gaole, punishable by Imprisonment there, the sayd Felons and other Malefactors and Offendors having Goods and Chattels of theire owne whereby to defray the same Charge themselves, to the great encouragement of such Malefactors and Offendors in theire saide wicked and bad courses, and to the discouragem* of his Majesties saide honest and loving Subjects in p6ecuting the saide Malefactors and Offendors to be punished according to theire demerites: Be it enacted by the

Offenders, if able, shall pay the Charge of their own Conveyance to Gaol i or the Sum shall be levied by Sale of their Goods, See.

1 This Clause is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


12 U


1086

3° Jac. 1. c. 10.

1605-6.

ii.

If the Offender is not able to pay, the Charges shall be levied by Rate on the Parish, &c.

111.

Defendants under this Act may plead the General Issue, .-nil shall have Treble Damages u:i Verdict, &c. k r them.

IV.

Continuance of Act.

Kings moste excellent Majestie the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons in this Psent Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That all and everie pson and psons whatsoever that from and after the end of this psent Session of Parliament shall be comitted to the comon or usuall Gaole within any County or Liberty within this Realme, by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Offence or Misdemeanour to any such Gaole, that the saide person or psons soe to be comitted as aforesaide, having Meanes or Ability thereunto, shall beare theire owne reasonable Charges for soe conveying or sending them to the saide Gaole and the Charges also of such as shall be appointed to guard them to such Gaole, and shall soe guard them thither; And if any such pson or psons soe to be comitted as is aforesaide shall refuse at the tyme of their comitment and sending to the saide Gaole, to defray the saide Charges, or shall not then pay or beare the same, that then such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may by wriring under his or theire Hand and Seale or Handes and Seales give Warrant to the Constable or Constables of the Hundred or Constable or Tithingman of the Tithing or Towneship where such pson or psons shalbe dwelling and inhabite or from whence hee or they shall bee comitted as aforesaide, or where hee or they shall have any Goods within the County or Libertye, to sell such and soe much of the Goodes and Chattels of the saide persons so to be comitted, as by the discrec&n of the saide Justice or Justices of the Peace shall satisfye and pay the Charges of such his or theire conveying and sending to the saide Gaole, the Appraisement to be made by Foure of the honest Inhabitantf of the Parishe or Tything where such Goodes or Chattels shall remaine and be; and the overplus of the Money which shalbe made thereof to be delivered to the partie to whome the saide Goodes shall belong.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That if the saide pson or psons so to be comitted as aforesaide shall not have or be knowen to have any Goodes or Chattels which may be solde for the purpose aforesaide within the County or Libertie, that then an indifferent Taxe or Assessement shalbe made by the Constables and Churchwardens and two or three other the honest Inhabitantf of the Parishe Towneship or Tithing where the saide Offendor or Offendors shalbe taken or apphended, the said TaxacSn being allowed under the Hand of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, if there be such Constables and Churchwardens there inhabiting, and in defaulte of them by Foure of the principall Intiitantf of the saide Parishe Towneship or Tithing where such Offendors shall be taken or apphended ; And if any soe taxed or assessed shall refuse to pay theire saide Taxaffin, then the Justice or Justices of Peace by whome the said Offendors shalbe edmitted to Prison as aforesaide or any other Justice of Peace neere adjoyning shall and may give Warrant as aforesaide to the Constable Tithingman or other Officer there to distraine the Goodes of any soe assessed which shall refuse to pay the same, and to sell the same: And that such pson or psons soe authorized shall have full power and Authority soe to distraine, and by Appraisement of Foure substanciall Inhabitantf of the said place to sell a sufficient quantity of the Goodes and Chattels of the saide psons soe refusing for the levying of the saide Taxacbn; And if any overplus of Money come by the sale thereof, the same to be delivered to the pson or psons Owner or Owners thereof.

And be it enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That if any Ac<56n of Trespasse or other Suite shall happen to be attempted and brought against the pson or psons for taking of any Distresse making of any Sale or any other Acte by Authoritye of this psent Acte, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suite shall and may either plead Not guiltie or otherwise make Avowrye Cognizance or Justificad&n for the taking of the saide Distresses making of Sale or other Acte by vertue of this Acte, alleadging in such Avowry Cognizance or Justificacbn that the saide Distresse Sale Trespasse or other thinge whereof the Plaintiffe or Plaindfff complained was done by Authoritie of this Acte, and according to the tenour purport and effect of this Acte, without any expressing or rehearsall of any other matter of circumstance contained in this psent Acte; to which Avowry Cognizance or Justificacbn the Plaintiff shall be admitted to replie, that the Defendant did take the saide Distresse made the saide Sale or did any other Acte or Trespasse supposed in his Declaracbn of his owne wrong, without any such Cause alleadged by the saide Defendant, whereupon the Issue in everie such Acc&n shalbe joyned to be tried by verdict of twelve Men, and not otherwise, accustomed in other psonall Accons : And upon the triall of that Issue, the whole matter to be given on both parties in evidence accordinge to the verie trueth of the same: And after such Issue tried for the Defendant, or Nonsuit of the Plaintiffe after Appearance, the saide Defendant to recover treble Damages by reason of his wrongfull vexation in that behalfe, with Costs also on that parte sustained, and that to be assessed by the same Jurie or Writt to enquire of the Damages as the same shall require.

This Acte to continue untill the end of the firste Session of the nexte Parliament.

y, Goo

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 11, 12.

1087

k

i<

i

ik

t

ik

*1


H

8

k

I

i

i

i

I

I

CHAPTER XI.

An Actk for Transportation of Beere over the Seas.

"TWHEREAS by a Statute made in the firste yeere of the Raigne of our moste gracious So$aigne Lorde King W James, it is lawfull to transport over the Seas Barley or Mault, when the c5mon price thereof shall not exceede the prices in the saide Statute limited; by which saide Acte it is lawfull for everie pson and peons, being Subjects of the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, to transport of his owne, and to buy & transporte unto any Porte beyond the Seas in Amitie with his Majestie, to sell as Merchandize in Ships Crayers or other Vessells, whereof any English borne Subject or Subjects then shalbe the Owner or Owners, any Barley or Maulte when the price of everie such Quarter of Barley or Mault exceedes not at the Tymes Havens and Places where and when the same shalbe shipped or laden, the sume of fourteene shillingf currant Englishe Money, paying to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors for the Custome and Pondage of everie such Quarter of Barley and Mault so transported, the sume of sixteene pence, in full satisfactiin of all manner of Custome and Pondage for the same: Now for that by the transporting of Beere, the Custome and Pondage that will growe due to the Kings Majestie for the same Beere will be much greater then when the Barley and Mault whereof the saide Beere is made is transported, and also that the Navye and Marriners of this Realme will be the more increased, for that one Ship or Boate loade of Barley or Mault will, if the same be brued out into Beere, make foure severall Ships or Boates loade of the same burthen of Beere to be transported; The Tillage likewise of this Realme will be cherished and increased, by reason of the more speedie and often vent of the Beere, then of Barley or Mault: And also by the brewing of such Maulte into Beere within this Realme to be transported, divers Port Townes will be greatly comforted and relieved, many of his Majesties Subjects thereby imployed and set on worke, and the Trades of Coupers and Brewers will be thereby better enhabled to live and mainetaine themselves theire Wives Children and Famylies: Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie the Lordes Spirituall and Temporal! and by the Comons of this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That at all tymes from and after the Feaste of Pentecost, which shall be in the yeere of our Lorde God One thousand sixe hundred and seven, it shall and may be lawfull for all and everie pson and psons to transport of his owne, or to buy and transporte, or cause to be bought and transported, any Beere with the Caske unto any Place or Places beyond the Seas in Amitie and League with his Majestie his Heires or Successors, to sell as Merchandize or otherwise, in Ships Crayers or other Vessells, when the price of everie Quarter of Mault at the Tymes Havens and Places when and where the same shall bee shipped and loaden exceede not the some of sixteene shillingf currant Englishe Money ; Any Ordinaunce Lawe or Statute to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And that the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors shall have and receive by the Customers Comptrollers and Officers of his Portes where such Beere shall be soe shipped or loaden to be transported, the some of eight shillingf sixe pence for [Impostf,1] and eighteene pence for Custome, to be paide by everie Subjecte of the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors for everie Tunne of Beere soe to be transported ; and likewise the some of tenne shillingf for Impost, and two and twentie pence halfe penny for Custome, to be paide by everie Stranger which shall be in full satisfaction of all manner of Custome Poundage Impost or other Dueties whatsoever for the same Beere; Any Constitution Order Lawe Statute or Custome heretofore made used or taken for transporting of any such Beere to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse and bee it further enacted and declared, That this Acte nor any thing therein contained shall extend to repeale or make voide any Clause Article or Provision contained in any former Lawe now in force, touching the bringing in of Clapborde Caske or Shaffoldbord, but that everie such Branch Article Clause or Provision shall extend as well unto all and everie transportation or transportations made lawfull and warranted by vertue of this Acte as otherwise; Any thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrarie notwithstanding.

(*) This Acte to continue but to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

Exportation of B*rtey permitted, at certain Price* and Duties, by i Jac. 1. c.i;. I s.

Advantage* of Exportation of Beer;

Beer may be exported when Malt i* at ift«. per Quarter.

ImpoM and Cuitom*, on Beer *o exported.

II.

Provito for Importation of Clapboard*.

III.

Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER XU.

An Acte for the better p'servatini of Sea Fishe.

FORASMUCH as it is certainely knowen by daylie experience that the Broodc of Sea Fishe is spawned and lieth Destruction of the in still Waters where it may have rest to receive Nourishment and growe to pfecc&n, and that it is there ^r^r^u^*^ruh distroyed by Weares Draw Nettf and Nettf with Canvas, or like Engines in the middle or bosome of them, in Draw-Net*, Ac. Harboures Havens and Creekes within this Realme, to the great damage and hurte of Fishermen, and hinderance of the Comonwealth, for that everie Weare neere the maine Sea taketh in twelve Houres sometymes the quantitie of Five Bushels sometymes Tenne sometymes Twentie or Thirtie Bushels of the Broode of the Sea Fishe, and also those which use Draw Nettf Nettf with Canvas, or Engines in the middest of them, doe everie day they fishe destroy the Broode of all the sortes of the Fishe aforesaide in great Multitudes: For reformac&n whereof, Be it enacted by the authoritie of

1 Ympost 0. • This Clause is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


1088

3° Jac. I. c. \% 13.

A.D. 1605-6.

Penalty on setting up Wears, &c. in Harbours,&c. £io; on fishing with such Draw Nets, &c.

I os. and Forfeiture of Net.

II.

Proviso for Herring Nets, 4cc.

III.

Anglesea excepted.

5 Eli/., c. it. does not extend to Grounds since inclosed.

Persons breaking into Parks, Icc. and taking Deer or Conies, shall be punished by Three Months' Imprisonment, pay Treble Damages, and find Sureties for Seven Years' good Behaviour.

II.

Offences may be determined by Justices of Assize and Peace.

this psent Parliament, That everie pson and psons that from and after the five and twentieth day of July next ensuyng this Session of Parliament, shall erect or sett up any newe Weare or Weares along the Seashore, or in any Haven Harbour or Creeke, or within five miles of the mouth of any Haven or Creeke, or shall willinglie take destroy or spoyle any Spawne Fry or Broode of any Sea Fishe in any Weare or other Engine or Device whatsoever, shall forfeite for everie tyme soe erecting setting up taking destroying or spoyling contrarie to this Acte, the some of tenne pounds, of good and lawfull money of England, the one halfe to the Kings Majestie his Heirs or Successors, and the other halfe to hym that will sue for the same: And that everie pson which after the firste day of October nexte ensuing this Session of Parliament, in any Haven Harbour Creeke, or within five miles of the mouth of any Haven Harbour or Creeke of the Sea, shall fishe with any Draw Net or Drag Net under three Inches Meashe, vidett, one Inch and a halfe from Knot to Knot, except for the taking of Smouldes in Northfolke onely, or with any Nett with Canvas, or other Engine or Devise, whereby the Spawne Fry or Brood of Sea Fishe may be destroyed, shall forfeite such Net, and also forfeite for everie tyme so doing Ten shillingf of lawfull money of England, the one halfe to the use of the poore People of the Citie Towne Corporate Borough Markett Towne Parishe or Libertie where the Offence or Offences shall be efimitted, and the other halfe to the pson that shall sue for the same, the saide Forfeitures to be levyed to the Uses aforesaide by the Maior Bailiffe or other Head Officer of everie Citie Borough or Towne Corporate, and by Warrant of one or more Justices of Peace, it shall be lawfull for the Constable and Churchwardens of everie Markett Towne Parishe or Libertie, within which any such Offence or Offences shall be done, by way of Distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goodes, rendring to them the Surplusage according to the order of former Statutts in such cases of Forfeitures ordained.

Phovided alwaies, That this Acte or any thing therein conteined, shall not extend to punish any pson or psons for using any Nett or Nettf of lesser Meashe then is by this Statute appointed onely for taking of Herring Pilcheardf Sprattf or Lavydnyan; Any thing in this Acte to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided further. That this Acte shall not extend to the Isle & County of Anglesey.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte againste unlawfull hunting and stealing of Deere and Connies.

WHEREAS since the making of the Statute of Quinto Regine Elizabeth, cap.xxi. there have beene divers Groundes inclosed, and used and kept for the pservaftSn and maintenance of Deere and Connyes: And whereas there is not by the saide Statute of Quinto Elizabeth, neither by any other Acte now in force, any sufficient Remedie pvided against suche Malefactors and evill disposed psons as shall chase hunt or kill any the Deere or Connyes within such Groundes, sithence the saide Statute of Quinto Elizabethe inclosed and kept and used for the maintenance and pservacbn of the saide Game as aforesaide, or any former Groundes which have bene sithence the making of the saide Statute in any part altered : By reason whereof many Ryots Manslaughters Mischiefes and other Inconveniences have beene dayly comitted and done, and like to be comitted and done, if circumspect remedie be not hereunto pvided : Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and the Comons of this p*sent Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same. That if any pson or psons after the Feaste of S‘ James the Apostle next ensuing shall in the Night tyme or by Day wrongfully or unlawfully breake or enter into any Parke impaled, or any other severall Groundes inclosed with Wall Pale or Hedge, and used or kepte for the keeping breeding and cherishing of any Deere or Connyes, and wrongfully or unlawfully shall hunt drive or chase out, or take kill or slay any Deere or Connyes within any such impaled Parke or closed Ground with Pale Wall or other Inclosure as aforesaide, againste the Will Mynde or Pleasure of the Owners Occupiers or Possessioners of the same, not having lawfull title or authoritie soe to doe, and thereof shalbe lawfully convicted at the Suite of our Soveraigne Lorde the King his Heires or Successors, or the partie grieved, shall suffer Imprisonment of his or theire Bodies by the space of Three Moneths; and also shall yeeld and pay to the partie grieved his Treble Damages and Costs, to be assessed and rated by the Justices before whome he or they shalbe convicted, after the saide Three Monthes expired, and shall finde sufficient Sureties for his and theire good Abearing against the King his Heires and Successors and all his hedge People for the space of seven yeeres after, or els shall remaine and continue still in Prison without Baile or Maineprise untill such tyme as he or they soe offendinge shall finde sufficient Sureties during the saide tyme and space of seven yeeres.

And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaide. That the Justices of Oyer and Terminer Justices of Assize in theire Circuites, and Justices of the Peace and Gaole Delivery in theire Sessions, shall by vertue hereof have power and authority to enquire heare and dePmyne all and singuler the saide Offences, by Examinac&n of the Offendors, and to make and awarde Processe thereupon, aswell uppon Indictmentf taken before them as by Bill of Complaint Informac&n or any other Accbn j in which [saide'] Suite or Action no Essoigne Wager of Law or Protecc&n shalbe allowed.

1 0. omits.


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 13,14.

1089

And be it also enacted by the Authoride aforesaide, That it shall and may be lawfull to the partie greived to sue and take his further remeadie against all and everie such Offendor and Offendors for his losse and damages, and to recover the treble value of the same in that behalfe aswell before the Justices of Oyer and Terminer Justices of Assize in theire Circuites and Justices of the Peace and Gaole Delivery in theire Sessions, or elsewhere in any other the Kings Majesties Courts of Record at Westni; And that upon true satisfacc&n of the saide treble damages to the partie grieved, or upon the Confession or Acknowledgment thereof by the saide partie offending before the Justices in Open Sessions holden for the County wherein the same Offence shalbe comitted, it shalbe at the libertie of the saide partie grieved to whom the saide Offence is comitted to release at his pleasure the suretiship of the good behavior at any tyme within the saide seven yeeres or before; Any thing in this psent Acte before mencioned or declared to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And be it also further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That if any pson or psons not having any Mannors Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf of the cleere yeerly value of Forty Pounds, or not worth in Goodes or Chattels the some of Two hundred Poundes, shall use any Gunne Bowe or Crosbowe to kill any Deere or Connyes, or shall keepe any Buckstall or Engine Hayes Gatenets Pursnets Ferrets or Conny Dogges, except such pson or psons as shall have any Ground imparked with Pale or inclosed with Wall or Hedge as aforesaide used for the keeping breeding or cherishing of any Deere or Connyes, the increase of which said Connyes shall amount to the cleere yeerly value of Forty Shillingf to bee letten at the leaste, or Keepers or Warrenners in their Parkes Warrens or Groundes belonging to theire Charge, That then every pson having Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf of the cleere yeerely value of One hundred poundes in Fee simple Fee tayle or for Life, in his owne Right or in the Right of his Wife, may take from the p6on or possession of such Malefactor or Malefactors, and to his owne use for ever keepe such Guns Bowes Crosbowes Buckstalles or Engine, Hayes Gatenets Pursnets Ferrets and Conny Dogges.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any pson or psons at any tyme hereafter shall fortune to be bound before any the Justices before mencioned to the King his Heires or Successours, for his or theire good abearing for seven yeeres, according to the tenor of this Acte, and the same party or parties so bound shall afterward within the saide seven yeeres come before the Justices of the Peace of the saide County where the saide Offence was comitted, or some of them, in open Quarter Sessions, and there in the saide Sessions confesse and acknowledge his or their saide Offence or Offences, and that he or they is or are sorie therefore, and satisfie the partie or parties grieved, according to the tenor of this Acte; that then the same Justices before whome the saide Confession shalbe soe made, shall and may have power and authoritie by vertue of this Acte, in the same open Sessions, or in any other Sessions afterwardes to be holden before the saide Justices in the saide Countye, within the saide terme of seven yeeres, if it shall seeme good to theire discrecbns, to discharge the saide Recognizance and Bond soe taken, and also the saide partie and parties soe bound: This Acte or any thing therein contained to the contrarie thereof notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies, That this Acte or any thing herein conteyned doe not extend to any Parke or inclosed Ground hereafter to be made and used for Deere or Connyes without the Graunt or Licence of our SoPaigne Lorde the Kinge his Heires or Successors.

(* ) Provided alwaies and be it further enacted, That this Acte nor any thing therein conteyned, shall not extend to any Offence or Offences concerning the hunting chasing or killing of Deere or Connyes, which shalbe done or cdmitted in the day tyme, but onely to such Offences as shall be hereafter done or comitted in the night tyme onely; Any thing in this Acte conteined to the contrarie thereof notwithstanding.

in. Remedy for Treble Damages to the Party grieved, who may release the Surety for good Behaviour.

IV.

Qualified Persons may seize the Guns, See. of unqualified Persons in certain Cases.

V.

Justices in Sessions may discharge the Recognizance for good Behaviour, on Submission, See.

VL

Not to extend to Parks inclosed without Licence.

Vlf.

To extend only to Offences committed by Night.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for the [exp - - ac&n * ] of the Statute of Sewers.

FlRASMUCH as the Walles Ditches Bankes Gutters Sewers Gates Causeys Bridges Streames and Watercourses in and aboute the City of London where no passage of Botes is used, having theire Course and Fall into the River of Thames, where it doth usually ebbe and ffowe, and is used for free Passage of Botes to the Sea, are alreadie by the Comission of Sewers appointed to be surveyed reformed and amended where neede shall require, and are as needfull and meet to be surveyed reformed and amended from noyance of the saide River of Thames by the Comissioners of Sewers, as those Rivers Streames and Watercourses where the Water dothe usually ebbe and ffowe, and where more usuall passage of Boates hath bene and yet are not undei the Survey Correccon and Amendment of the Comission of Sewers, nor of the Statute made for Sewers in the three and twentieth yeere of the Raigne of King Henrie the Eight, or of any other Statute made for Sewers, as by the same should have beene if the Hurtes Noyances and Inconveniences now by daylie Experience felt and found in those Places had beene seene and considered of: For Reforma£6n whereof be it enacted by our Sov'aigne Lorde the King and by the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and

Watercourse!, &c. falling into the Thames, within Two Miles of London, shall be subject to Commission of Sewers under the Statutes of Sewers, aj H. VIII. c.j, &c.

1 Thia Proviso is annexed to the Original AO in a separate Schedule. * Roll tom.—* Explanation’ O.


12 X


1090

3° Jac. I. c. 14,15.

H

A.D. 1605-6.

Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by authority of the same, That the Walles Ditches Bankes Gutters Sewers Gates Cawsies Bridges Streames and Watercourses within the limits of two miles of and from the Citie of London, which Waters have their Course and Fall into the River of Thames, shall from henceforth be to all Intentf Construcc&ns and Purposes as fully subject to the Comission of Sewers, and to all the Statutes made for Sewers, and to all Penalties in the same Statutes and in everie of them contained, as if the same places neere to the saide Citie of London had beene particularlie named in the saide Statute of Sewers, or that therein the Water had ebbed and flowed, and therein free passage with Boates and Barges to the Sea had bene heretofore used; Any thing in the saide Statutes or elswhere to the cont*ry in any wise notwithstanding.

Court of Request* in London regulated by i Jac. I. c. 14.

What Persons may proceed in the said Court, for Debts under 409.

Commissioners of the said Court empowered to make Orders and administer Oaths.

II.

In Actions against Inhabitants of London, in superior Courts, for Debts under 40s. Plaintiffs shall pay Colts.

III. Plaintiffs and Defendants may be

imprisoned for disobeying Order of Commissioners.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte for the recovering of Small Debts, and for the relieving of poore Debtors in London.

WHEREAS by vertue of divers Actes of Comon Councell made within the Citie of London, the Lorde Maior and Aldermen of the same City, for the reliefe of poore Debtors dwelling within the saide Citie, have accustomed monethly to assigne two Aldermen and twelve discreet Comonere to be Commissioners and sit in the Court of Requestf, commonly called the Court of Conscience in the Guildhall of the same Citye, there to heare and determine all Matters of Debt not amounting to the some of sortie shillings to be brought before them : And Whereas at the Sessions of Parliament holden at Westminster the nyneteenth day of March in the firste yeere of the Raigne of our Sov'aigne Lorde the Kings Majesty that now is, for the further Reliefe of such poore Debtors, and more pfect establishing of the said Court, there was made and pvided an Acte intituled An Acte for recoverie of Small Debts and relieving of poore Debtors in London: And whereas since the making of the saide Acte divers psons intending to subvert the good and charitable intent of the same, and taking hold of some doubtfull and ambiguous Wordes therein, doe wrest the same for theire owne Lucre and Gaine, to the avoiding the Jurisdiction of the saide Courte, contrarie to the godlie meaning of the saide Acte: For the Remedie whereof, and to the intent that some more full and ample Pvision may be made for the Reliefe of such poore Debtors, Be it enacted by authoritie of this psent Parliament, That everie Citizen and Freeman of the Citie of London, and everie other pson and psons inhabiting, or that shall mhabite within the saide Citie or the Liberties thereof, being a Tradesman Victualer or a Labouring Man, which now have or hereafter shall have any Debte or Debts owing unto hym or them, not amounting to forty shillingf, by any •Citizen, or by any other pson or psons being a Victualer Tradesman or Labouring Man inhabiting, or that shall inhabite within the saide Citie or the Liberties thereof, shall or may cause such Debtor or Debtors to bee warned or sumoned by the Beadle or Officer of the saide Court of Requestf for the tyme being, by Writinge to be lefte at the Dwelling House of such Debtor or Debtors, or by other reasonable warning or notice to be given to the said Debtor or Debtors, to appeare before the C5missioners of the saide Courte of Requestf holden in the Guildhall of the saide Citye; And that the saide Comissioners, or any three of them or more, shall have power and authority by vertue of this Acte from tyme to tyme to set downe such Order or Orders betweene such party or parties Plaintiffe, and his or theire such Debtor or Debtors Defendants touching such Debts, not amounting to the value of forty shillingf, in question before them, as they shall finde to stand with Equity and good Conscience; all such theire Order or Orders to be registred in a Booke as they have beene accustomed, and as well the Party Plaintiffe as the Debtor or Defendant to observe pforme and keepe the same in all points: And that for the more due pceeding herein, it shall bee lawfull for the same Comissioners, or any three or more of them, to minister an Oath to the Plaintife or Defendant, and also to such Witnesses as shalbe pduced on each partye, if the same Comissioners or any three of them, or more, shall so thinke it meete.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaide, That if any Accon of Debte or Accon upon the Case upon an Assumpsit for the recoverie of any Debte to be sued or psecuted against any the pson or psons aforesaide, in any of the Kings Courts at Westminster, or elswhere out of the saide Courte of Requestf, it shall appeare to the Judge or Judges of the Courte where such Acc6n shall be sued or psecuted, that the Debte to be recovered by the Plaintiffe in such Acc6n doth not amounte to the summe of forty shillingf, and the Defendant in such Acf&n shall duely proove either by sufficient testimony or by his owne Oath, to be allowed by any the Judge or Judges of the saide Courte where such Acc&n shall depend, that at the tyme of the comencing of such Acfon such Defendant was inhabiting and resiant in the Citye of London or the Liberties thereof, as above; That in such case the saide Judge or Judges shall not allowe to the saide Plaintiffe any Costs of Suite, but shall award that the same Plaintiffe shall pay soe muche ordinary Costs to the Party Defendant as such Defendant shall justly proove before the saide Judge or Judges it hath truely coste hym in defence of the saide Suite.

And be it further enacted, That if any such Plaintiffe or Creditor Defendant or Debtor after warning given hym or them in manner and forme before in this Act mencioned, by the saide Officer of the saide Courte of Requestf, shall without some juste or reasonable Cause of Excuse, refuse to appeare in the saide Courte before the saide Comissioners, or shall not pforme suche order as the saide Cdmissioners or any three or more of them shall sett downe for or concerning such Debts as aforesaide; that then it shalbe lawfull for the saide Officer of the saide Courte, or any other of the Serjieantf at Mace of the saide Citye, by order of the saide Comissioners or any three or more of them, to comit suche party or parties to prison into one of the Counters of the saide Gtye, there to remaine untill hee or they shall pforme the order of the saide Comissioners in that behalfe.


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 15,16.

1091

Provided alwaies, That this Acte or any thinge therein contained, shall not extend to any Debte for any Rent ProritoIf^ Clutt upon any Lease of Landes or Tenementf, or any other reall Contractf, nor to any other Debte that shall arise by respecting Rent, reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any thing concerning or pperly belonginge to the kc‘ Ecctiasticall Courte, albeit the same shall be under forty shillingf ; Any thinge before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it enacted by the authority aforesaide, That the saide Acte made in the firste yeere of the Kings Majesties St>, jjfj, c-14. Raigne, be from the end of this Session of Parliament, for and concerning any Order to be made in the saide Courte repe*led. of Requestf after the ende of this Session of Parliament, utterly repealed.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte for the repeale of [.........'] made in the fourtenth yeere of Queene Elizabethes Raigne, concerning

the length of Kersies.

WHEREAS in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the fourteenth yeere of the Raigne of our late SoPaigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth, one Acte, intituled An Acte to reforme the excessive Length of Kersies was made, entending thereby to have restrained them to the Length of Eighteene Yardes or under; Imediatly upon the making of which Acte, by reason of the saide Lawe it hath sithence fallen out many Clothing Townes, aswell within the County of Southampton as in divers other Counties within this Realme of England, whoe were then in Trade with Marchant Straingers and others using the Trade of transporting of Kersies by way of Merchandize beyond the Seas, grewe suddenly out of trade and in great decay, for that the saide Merchant^ would no longer buy of the Clothiers any of theire saide Kersies wantinge theire old accustomed measure of foure and twenty yardes or thereaboutf, they the saide Marchantf being by the like custome and usage in trade with other Merchantf for the saide Kersies of the saide Measure and Length, to the greate impoverishment and ruine of divers ancient Townes, and of thousandes of poore People whoe w ere wontedby them to be set on worke and mainetained, and to the great Losse of our saide SoPaigne Lady Queene Elizabeth and of the Kings Majesty that nowe is, in their Customes and Subsidies, which in and by the saide former venting and trading of the saide Kersies did and would continually accrewe and growe due for the same: Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this p'sent Parliament, That the said Acte of the fourteenth yeere of the Raigne of our saide late Sov*aigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte to reforme the excessive Lengthes of Kersies, be from henceforth cleerly and absolutely repealed.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by authority of this p*sent Parliament, That Kersies called ordinary Kersies shall not exceed the length of foure and twenty yardes to be measured by the yarde and inche, and that every ordinary Kersie of the length of foure and twenty yardes aforesaide, being well scoured thicked milled dressed and fully dried, shall weigh eight and twenty poundes, and one halfe pounde at the leaste: And that Kersies called Sorting Kersies, shall not exceed the length aforesaide, and that everie Sorting Kersie of the length of foure and twenty such yardes as aforesaide, being well scoured thicked milled dressed and fully dryed, shall weigh thirtie two poundes and one halfe pound at the least; and that everie Kersie of a shorter length then foure and twentie such yardes as aforesaide, shall weigh pportionably to the foresaide weight, that is to say, everie ordinarie Kersie after the rate of one pound and three ounces weight for everie yarde that the same shall containe in length, and everie Sorting Kersie after the rate of one pound three ounces and one halfe ounce in weight for everie yarde that the same shall containe in length: And if it happen that any Kersie or Kersies hereafter to be made, shall either exceede the saide length of foure and twenty such yardes as aforesaide, or shall not weigh according to the respective Rates and Pporcfins aforesaide, then every pson or psons that shall make or cause the same to be made for sale, shall forfeite and loose for everie yarde of such Kersie exceeding the length of foure and twenty such saide yardes, the some of Five Shillingf onely and no more; And for everie pound weight that shalbe wanting according to the <Pporc&ns before respectively limitted, shall forfeite Two Shillingf for everie pound and no more; Any former Lawes or Statutes limiting or appointing any other or greater Penaltie or Forfeiture, to the contrarie thereof in any wise notwithstanding; The one moytie of the saide Sumes Penalties and Forfeitures to be to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to hym or them that will sue for the same in any his Majesties Courts of Record at Westni, by Bill Plainte or Informac&n, wherein no Essoyne Ptec£6n or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed or admitted.

Provided further and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide, That every pson and psons selling or trading any such Kersie or Kersies shall pay unto the Kings Majestie for everie peice of Kersie containing foure and twenty yards, asmuch in Custome and Subsidie rateably as such pson or psons should and ought to pay unto his Majestie for any one piece aftd a thirde parte of a peece conteyning eightene yardes.

1 Roll tom.—« one Act ’ 0.

Inconvenience* resulting from St. 14 Eliz. c. 10. for regulating Length, kc. of Kersie* [

Recited Act repealed.

Length and Weight

Penalty on Excess in Length, 5s. per Yard;

on Defect in Weight, zt. per lb.

III. Proportionate Custom on Kersies.


1092

3° Jac. I. c. 17,18

A.D. 1605-6.

I Jac.I. c. tj. § 4. as to Length, kc. of Welch Cottons;

Such Cottoni shall not be sealed, searched, or tried:

Penalty

Corporation of London empowered to make a Trench or New River, for bringing Water to London from Chadwell and Am well in Hertfordshire, making Compensation to the Owners of Lands, by Agreement with them, or under the Orders of Commissioners.

CHAPTER XVII.

An Acte concerning Walsh Cottons.

WHEREAS in a Statute made at the firste Session of Parliament holden at Westminster in the firste yeere of his Majesties Raigne, amongest other things it was pvided and enacted, That no pson or p6ons should incutre any penalty for want of length breadeth or weight of [Welsh 1 ] Cottons under the price of Fifteene Pence the yarde and Two Shillingf the goade, so as they be not mixed with Haire or other deceiptfull stuffe, nor for any other above that price, except they be mixed as aforesaide, or shall shrinke above halfe a yarde in twelve yardes of length or waight lesse then fourteene ounces the yarde or hold not full three quarters of a yarde broade, as by the same Statute appeareth; which Proviso, in the construccSn of divers psons doeth not Pserve such as make or sell course [Welshe ' J Cottons from the penaltie and danger of not adding or affixing a Seale to containe the length breadth or waight of the saide Cottons, which affixion of a Seale is needlesse when there is no length bredth or weight ^scribed for them: And moreover for that in all antecedent Ages the saide Cottons being comonlie used for Lyningf were never seized as forfeited for want of the Seale of the makers put unto them, nor used to be searched or tried by water, but onely by the buyer: Be it therefore enacted by our Soveraigne Lorde the King and by the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth no p6on or psons shall incurre any Penaltie for want of any content Seale to containe the breadth length or weight of any Welsh Cottons; and that no Welsh Cottons shall at any tyme or tymes hereafter be searched or tried in the Water by any pson or psons other then by the buyer thereof; upon paine to forfeite for everie such Offence by the party who shall make any such searche or triall contrarie to the intent of this Statute, Five poundes of lawfull Money of England; the one moyety thereof to the Kings Majestic his Heires and Successors, the other moytie to the party grieved, to be recovered by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoyne Protccc&n or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte for the bringing in of a freshe Streame of running Water to the Northe parts of the City

of London.

FOR that it is found verie convenient and necessarie to have a fresh Streame of running Water to be brought to the North partes of the City of London from the Springs of Chawdwell and Amwell and other Springs in the County of Hartforde not farre distant from the same, which upon view is found very fesible, and like to be pfitable to many: It is therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie and by the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same, That it shall be lawfull to the Lorde Maior Comunalty and Citizens of the Citie of London and theire Successors, at any tyme or tymes hereafter to beginne and continue the laying out of such convenient limits of Ground for the making of the Trench for the saide River at the breadth of Tenne Foote and not above, as to them and theire Deputies and Workemen, with the Allowance of the Comissioners hereafter mencioned or any seven of them shall bee seene convenient and meete for the same; And in that place that they shall finde to bee moste apte and meete for that purpose, to have and take for the purpose abovesaide the use and liberty of such and soe much Ground as shall conteine Tenne Foote in breadth and not above during and by all the length as the saide new Channell Cutt or River shall passe for the conveying of the saide Water from the saide Springs to the City of London, leaving the inheritance of the Newe Cutt in the Owners thereof; And the saide Maior Cominalty and Citizens of London and theire Successors for ever, for the considerac&n hereafter expressed, shall have liberty to digge the same Ground to be imployed for the saide River or Newe Cutt not exceeding Ten Foote in breadth alongest all the saide whole length of the saide River or Newe Cutt, and from tyme to tyme for ever to mainteine and pserve the same, and to lay the Earthe there digged or to be digged on either side of the same River or Newe Cutt in such places as shall be thought meete for that purpose, and to have free passage to and from the saide Newe Cutt or River with Men Horses Cart and Callages at all tymes convenient and in places convenient for the making of the same Newe Cutt or Trench, and for Pserving of the same and of the Bankes thereof from tyme to tyme for ever, to the intent that no parte of the saide Streame be at any tyme after the making of the Newe Cutt without the consent of the Mayor Cominalty and Citizens of London, turned or conveyed out of the same Newe Cutt or Water course: In considerac&n whereof the Maior Cominalty and Citizens of London and theire Successors shall make such satisfaction or composition to and with the Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the same Grounds through which the Newe Cutt or River shalbe made, and with all such pson and psons as shall sustaine any Damage Losse or Hinderance in theire Milles standing upon any of the Rivers or Streames from which the Water shall be taken through the saide Newe Cut or River, as shall be to the contentment of the Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the saide Groundes and Milles, and in defaulte of their Agreement by mutuall Assent, such satisfacc&n or recompense as shall bee limitted and appointed by the Comissioners to be assigned for that purpose, according to the intent of this Statute by the Lorde Chauncellor or Lorde Keeper of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme being, by Comission under the Greate Seale of England or by any nyne of them, whereof Foure of them to be Citizens of the City of London.

1 Walsh O.

Gck.

yf.D.l 605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 18.

J093

And for the better effecting of the pmisses and for the due rating of the value of the things to be compounded for by the true intent of this Statute (if the parties shall not agree). Be it enacted by the Authority of this f?sent Parliament, That at the request and charges of the Maior Cominalty and Citizens of London, Comission or Cdmissions under the Greate Seale of England shalbe graunted to such psons as the Lorde Chauncellor or Lorde Keeper of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme being shall nominate and appointe, whereof Foure shall be of the County of Middlesexe, Foure of the County of Essex, and Foure of the County of Hartforde, and Foure of the City of London, and every of them having Landes and Tenement? of the cleere yeerly value of Fortye Poundes at the leaste; which Sixteene or any Nyne of them, whereof Two to be of the City of London, shall have power to order and set downe what Rate or Rates Some or Somes of Money shall be paide by the Maior ComminaJty and Citizens of London to the Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the Groundes and Soyle and Milles for which composic&n is to be made by the intent of this Acte, if the parties cannot of themselves agree, and in what manner the same shall be paide; And that for the recoverie of suche Money as shall be soe ordered and set downe by the saide Comissioners or any Nyne of them, whereof Two to be of the City of London, the partye or parties to whome the same Money shall be due to be paide by the true intent of the saide Order, shall or may recover the same against the saide Mayor and Cominalty of London by Accftn of Debte in any his Majesties Court? at Westminster, wherein no Essoyne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shall be allowed.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted, That if in the Newe Cutt there happen any Breaches Inundacftn or Hurts, the Maior Cominaltye and Citizens of London shall from tyme to tyme stoppe the Breaches at theire owne Charges, and sufficiently mainteyne them from tyme to tyme, and make sufficient Recompence to the Partie grieved for the Damage susteined by the saide Breaches rising by theire defaulte, to be recovered by Acc6n of the Case grounded upon this Statute.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That the Maior Cominalde and Citizens of London and theire Successors for ever shall make and maineteine at their Costs and Charges from tyme to tyme convenient Bridges and Wayes for the Passage of the Kings Subjects and theire Cattell and Carriages over or through the saide Newe Cutt or River in places meete and convenient.

And further be it enacted, That untill or before a full Agreement with the Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the p>misses be had, or that suche Order or Meanes be devised and agreed upon by the Comissioners by the Lord Chancellor or Lorde Keeper of the Great Seale of England to be nominated and appointed, or the more parte of them, as shall seeme meete for the due effecting of the jPmisses, and the saide Comission returned

into the High Courte of Chauncery, it shall not be lawfull to the saide Lorde Mayor Cominalty and Citizens

to putt the saide digginge trenching or newe cutting of the saide new River from the saide Springs in execucbn, nor to cutt or take in any Ground for Passage of Water from the saide Springs or any of them by force of this Statute; Any thing in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritye aforesaide, That after suche tyme as there shall be a newe cutt Streame or River brought from the Springs aforesaide or any of them to the Citye of London, that for the better

mayntaynance and pWvac&n of the saide River or newe Cutt, and of all the Water therein runninge to be brought

to the Citye of London, the same shall be subjecte to the Comission of Sewers, and to the Lawes and Statutes made for Sewers, as fully to all intentf and purposes as if the same River or new Cutt had bene expressely mencioned in the saide Statutf of Sewers to be under the survey of the saide Comissioners.

Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted, That all such things as shall be done at any tyme hereafter for the scouring cleansing amending and [considervac&n1 ] of the saide newe River or Cut, shall be at the onelye Coste and Charges of the Maior Citizens and Cominalty of the Citye of London; and that all Fynes and AiSciamentf which shall be imposed by vertue of the saide Cdmission of Sewers, for any wilfull Annoyances and Offences which shall be at any tyme hereafter comitted to the hurt or pjudice of the saide newe River or Cutt or any thing thearunto apperteyning, shall be to the only use benefitt and behoofe of the saide Maior Cominalty and Citizens of London and of theire Successors for ever.

II.

Commissioners shall be appointed by Chancery for ascertaining such Compenaation, ice.

III.

Corporation shall repair all Breachei, Jtc.

IV.

and erect Bridget.

V.

No Land to be taken until Compenaation agreed for.

VI.

New River shall be subject to Statutes of Sewera.

VII.

All Expencea shall be paid by, and all Fines paid to, the Corporation of London.

1 erroruouily frr " conservation


12 T


1094

3° Jac. I. c. 19.

A.D. 1605-6.

For repairing Highway from Nonesuch to Kingston

Owner*, ice. of Land* charged with auch Repair;

under Order* of Justices at Sessions

who may appoint Orerseers and Collectors;

Rates leviable by Distress and Sale;

Collectors shall account yearly;

Penalty on Overseers and Collectors for Neglect, &c. ggj.

II.

On Neglect of Justices to act, Commissioners shall be appointed by Chancery.

CHAPTER XIX.

An Actb for repairing of the Highway from Nonsuch to Taleworthe, in the Parishes of Ewell and Longditton, in the County of Surrey, leading to Kingston upon Thames in the County aforesaide.

WHEREAS the Kings Majesties High way leading from Nonesuche to Kingston upon Thames in the County of Surrey is for such parte thereof as lyeth between Ewell and the Hamlett of Talworth in the Parishe of Long Ditton, beinge in length about a Mile and a halfe, at this p>sent in such decay with Sloughes Waters and Holes in moste places of the same way as neither Man nor Beast without great danger is able to passe, whatsoever Occasion or Necessity shall happen; by reason whereof many people with theire Waines Carts Horses and Carriages have beene and are often hurte and endammaged, and through the which Waye the chiefe parte of the Cariages to his Majesties Houses of Nonesuch Richmond Oatlandes and Hampton Courte of necessity passeth, as alsoe greate store of Ship Tymber and other Pvisions for his Majesties Houses at London and Office of Ordinance, and for other his Majesties Services, are continually through that Way carried to the Towne of Kingston and to the Water side neere thereaboutf, his Majesties Subjects having no other Way, and that Way soe necessarie as that the same cannot conveniently be forborne, and the Parishes wherein the same lyeth not able to repaire the same: Be it therefore enacted by the Authority of this psent Parliament, That the Owners Tenantf Farmers Inhabitants and Occupiers of the Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf lying in the Hundreds of Kingston Emlinbridge Copthome Effingham Wallington Wotton and Rigate (the Boroughe of Rigate excepted), in the saide County of Surrey, shall be charged with the repairing amending and maintayning of the saide High way from tyme to tyme for ever hereafter: And that the Justices of the Peace of that County, or foure of them at the leaste, (whereof two to be of the Quop) dwelling in the saide Hundreds, or the limits thereof, or nexte thereunto, yeerely from tyme to tyme, aswell at the GeSall Sessions of the Peace holden next after Easter, as otherwise, shall have full power and authority to call before them, or before foure of them at the least (whereof two to be of the Quop) the saide Owners Tenantf Farmers Inhabitantf and Occupiers, and all such pson and psons as by this Acte (as is aforesaide) shall be bound to repaire and amend the said Highway, or such and soe many of them as to the same Justices of the Peace, or foure of them at the leaste, (whereof two to be of the Quop) shall be thought most meete and convenient, and thereupon to take and make such reasonable Orders and Direcf&ns from tyme to tyme for & concerning the making repairing and amendment of the saide Highway, and for the charges thereof to make from tyme to tyme such Assessementf and Taxacons of Money or otherwise upon the saide Owners Tenantf Farmors Inhabitantf and Occupiers, and all such pson and psons as by this Acte (as is aforesaide) shall be bound to repaire and amend the saide High way, having good and indifferent respecte to the severall abilities neerenes and remotenes, and other like charges for the amending of High waies of them and everie of them, as to the saide Justices of the Peace, or foure of them at the leaste, (whereof two to be of the Quo^) dwelling in the saide Hundreds, or the limits thereof, or nexte thereunto, shall be thought most meete expedient and convenient, notwithstanding the saide Owners Tenantf Farmers and Occupiers of the saide Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf in the saide Hundreds be dwelling out of the compasse and limits of the said Hundreds ; And that it shall be lawfull to & for the saide Justices, or foure of them, (whereof two to be of the Quo^) yerely to nominate and appointe Overseers for the pforming of such Orders and Direcc&ns as by the saide foure Justices shall be made for the repairing making and amending of the saide High way, and Collectors for the gathering and collecting of the somes of Money soe to be taxed and assessed, and that the saide Taxac&ns and Assessementf soe to be made shall be levied and imployed only for and towards the repairing and maintayning of the saide High way by such psons, as by the saide Justices, or foure of them, (whereof two to be of the Quop) that shall assesse and taxe the same, shall be limited and appointed : And if any pson shall refuse or neglect to pay any some of Money soe taxed and rated, it shall be lawfull for the saide psons soe to be appointed, or in Default thereof, for the High Constables or High Constable of the Hundred for the tyme being, (in which the saide pson and psons so refusing or neglecting to pay shall be inhabiting dwelling or holding any Land,) by Warrant under the Handes and Seales of the same foure Justices of the Peace, or any two of them (whereof one to be of the Quop) to levye the same by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of the Party so refusing or neglecting, delivering and paying to the party soe refusinge and Owner of the same Goods, the Overplus of the Money made of or by the sale thereof; and in default of such Distresse, then it shall be lawfull to the saide foure Justices, or any two of them, (whereof one to be of the Quop) to comit him or them soe refusinge to pay to prison, there to abide without Bayle or Maineprise till hee or they hath or have payed the same: And the saide psons so to be appointed for the collecting and gathering of the saide somes of Mony yeerly to accompt and to deliver the Arrerages thereof, if any happen to be, to the saide sower Justices of the Peace, or to any two of them, (whereof one to be of the Quop) at such tyme and place as by them shall be appointed, and the saide Arrerages to be imployed for and towardes the repairing of the waye aforesaide: And if any that shall be appointed Overseer or Collector (as aforesaide,) doe refuse to execute the saide Office, or if any Collector doe not yeerly, being thereunto warned by the said foure Justices of the Peace, or any two of them, (whereof one to be of the Quop) make a juste and true accompt of suche Money as he shall have received, and give up the Arrerages, (if he have any,) that then all such pson or psons soe offending shall forfeite the some of Five Pounds: Which saide forfeitures shall be levyed and imployed in such manner as by this Acte is formerly appointed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaide, That if the Justices of the Peace of the saide County of Surrey doe refuse or neglecte to put this Acte in execucon in manner and forme aforesaide within the space of sixe weekes next after the geSall Sessions after Easter before mencioned, according to the forme and true meaning of the same Acte, that then the Lorde Chauncellor of England or the Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 19,20.

1095

tyme being, upon request to be made to hym, shall and may make forth Comission or Comissions under the Great Seale of England to such discreete psons as to hym shall be thought meete and convenient, to put this Psent Acte in execucbn in every parte thereof according to the intent and true meaning thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaide, That the same Comissioners shall and may have full Powcrt o^.'uch power and authority to put the same in execuc&n accordingly in every part thereof, in such forme and sorte as Commissioner*. to them shall seeme meete and convenient, and as the saide Justices of Peace of the saide County of Surrey by vertue of this Acte should or might doe, according to the former effecte and true meaning of the same Acte.

IV.

And be it further enacted, That if any Acc&n of Trespasse or other Suite shall happen to be attempted and Defendant! may brought againste any pson or psons for taking (1) any Distresse, making of any Sale, or any other thing doing by 1,ue

authority of this psent Acte, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Acc6n or Suite shall and may either pleade Treble Damage!, not guilty, or otherwise make Avowry Cognizance or Justification for the taking of the saide Distresses, making of Sale or other thing doing by vertue of this Acte, alleadginge in such Avowry Cognizance or Justification, that the saide Distresse Sale Trespasse or other thing, whereof the Plaintiffe or Plaintifff complained was done by authority of this Acte, and according to the tenour purporte and effecte of this Acte, without any expressing or rehearsall of any other matter of circumstance contained in this psent Acte ; to which Avowry Cognizance or Justificac&n the Plaintiffe shall be admitted to reply that the Defendant did take the saide Distresse, made the saide Sale, or did any other Acte or Trespasse supposed in his declarac&n of his owne wronge, without any such cause alleadged by the said Defendant, whereuppon the Issue in every such Accftn shall be joyned to be tryed by verdict of Twelve Men, and not otherwise, as is accustomed in other psonall Ac cons ; and upon the Triall of that Issue the whole matter to be given on bothe parties in evidence according to the verie truthe of the same, and after suche Issue tried for the Defendant or Nonsuite of the Plaintiffe after Appearance, the same Defendant to recover treble damages by reason of his wrongfull vexac&n in that behalfe, with his costs also in that parte sustayned, and that to be assessed by the same Jury or writt to enquire of the Damages, as the same shall require; And this Acte to continue untill the end of the firste Session of the nexte Parliament.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte for clearing the Passage by Water from London to and beyond the Citye of Oxforde.

WHEREAS the River of Thames is from the Citye of London till within a fewe miles of the Citye of Oxeforde verie navigable and passeable with and for Boates and Barges of greate Content and Cariage, and whereas it is conceived that by the remooving rectifying and amending of some fewe Lettf Impedimentf and Obstruccbns in or about the Channell of the saide River, the same would be made also passable both unto the Citye of Oxon, and from thence into some parte of the Counties of Oxon Berkes Wiltes and Gloucester, which would redound to the greate C5modity Ease Benefitt and Enrichment of the saide Counties of Oxon Berkes Wiltes and Gloucester, and of the Univ'sity and Citye of Oxon, and would be also a verie great help for conveyance of Callages unto the Kings Majesties Manour House of Woodstocke, or verie neere thereunto, which if it shalbe effected, will bee a great helpe to the bettering of the Highwayes lying through these Counties, which nowe by the continuall Passage of Callages by Waines and Cartes are soe wome and broken, as the same in the Winter Seasons are hardly to be travailed through: Be it therefore ordained and enacted by the Kings Ma,te the Lords Spuall and Temporall and the C5mons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, That the Lorde Chancellor or Lorde Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the tyme being, at anie tyme after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, shall and may by his discre&m appoint and authorize by Comission under the Greate Seale of England Eighteene Comissioners, whereof Sixe to be of the Countie of Oxon, videlt, One to be of the Univ’sitie, one to be of the Cirie, and foure of the saide Countie, not being of the UnivWtie nor Citie of Oxforde, and foure of the Countie of Berkes, and foure of the County of Wiltes, and foure of the Countie of Gloucester, everie of which saide Comissioners of the said foure severall Counties (the saide foure C5missioners for each severall County to be chosen out of Sixe, to be sev’ally and respectively nominated and certified to the saide Lorde Chauncellour or Lorde Keeper of the Great Seale, by the more parte of the Justices of Peace of each of the saide severall Counties assembled at any their GeSall Assizes or Quarter Sessions) which saide C5missioners, or the more parte of them, shall have full power and lawfull authoritie by vertue of this Acte, to treate compound and agree with every such pson as shall or may receive Hurte Losse or Detriment by any Acte or Thing necessarie to be done for the clearing effecting or pfecdng of the saide free Passage of the saide River of Thames, soe as it may beare Barges and Boates to the partes and places aforesaide, and in case any pson shall be obstinate and will not be reasonably compounded withall, then to determine appoint and set downe what and howe much Recompence and SatisfaccSn everie such pson shall have; and after such Recompence soe agreed upon or set downe by the saide C5missioners, or the more part of them,

then it shalbe lawfull for them or any pson or psons by them to be appointed, to digge or cutt awaye the

Land Ground Soile and Inheritance of any pson in aboute or adjoyning to the saide River which shalbe meete

and necessarie for the more free Passage of the saide River, and the making of the same meete to carrie any

Vessell Boate or Barge to the Parts and Places aforesaide.

For making the River Thames navigable to Oxford, &c.

Commissioners shall be appointed by Chancery 5

to treat with and compensate Parties interested.

■ of O.

1096

3° Jac. I. c. 20.

A.D. 1605-6.

n.

Cotnmiuioncn may asxu Rate* to pay auch Compensations, leviable by Diitreu and Sale. &c.

IIL Penalty on misapplying Money collected, Treblethe Amount.

Appeal from Commissioners to the Quarter Seaaions.

IV.

Vice-Chancellor, he. may make orders as to Wharfage, See. in Oxford.

V.

TwoCommissioners a Quorum in each County.

And for that it is reasonable juste and equall that those whoe partake in the benefitt of any good worke should in fitt pporf&n contribute to the costs and charges thereof: Bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That the said Comissioners or the more parte of them, shall and may have full power and lawfull authoritie to taxe and assesse such of the Inhabitantf of the saide severall Counties, as shall in theire opinion be likely to receive Ease or Benefitt by the saide Passage, and aswell those in the saide Universitie as in the Citie of Oxon, at such reasonable somes of Money and Paymentf as they in theire discrec&ns shall thinke fitt and convenient; the said s5mes and everie of them to be disposed and imployed for and towardes the satisfaccon as well of the psons damnified or to be dampnified as aforesaide, as also of other necessarie Charges touching the effecting of the saide good and pfitable worke, and the maintaining supporting and continuance of the same; and that the saide Comissioners or the more part of them, shall at all and everie tyme and tymes hereafter, have full power and authoritie by this present Acte to nominate and appointe such pson and psons as they shall thinke fitt, to collect and gather the saide severall Somes soe to be assessed and taxed, and that such p6on and psons as the saide Comissioners, or the more part of them, shall appointe for the gathering and levying thereof, shall have hereby full power and authority by way of Distresse, upon Denyall Refusall or Non-payment, within Tenne Dayes after Demaund thereof made to levie the same, and to make Sale of such Distresses, and of the Sale thereof to reteine and pcieve all the Money soe taxed upon such pson as aforesaide, and if the value of the Distresse be better, to deliver to the Owner the Residue thereof, and the same Money so to be levyed to be delivered over and paide to the said Comissioners which shall make the saide Assessement, or such other pson or psons as the saide Comissioners shall appoint, whoe shall imploy the same with as much Speed as may be to the Purpose aforesaide: And if any pson or psons within the Counties, UnivWie and Citie of Oxforde aforesaide, whoe shalbe taxed or rated to pay any some or somes of Money in forme aforesaide, doe refuse the Payment thereof, or otherwise withstand theire Distresses, or if any other which shall be charged to gather or levy any the Monies aforesaide, shall refuse withstand deny or impugne to accomplish the Order or C.omandement of the saide Comissioners, or the more parte of them, then everie such pson or psons shall be imprisoned without Baile or Maineprise, by the discrec&n of the saide Comissioners, or the more part of them, untill such tyme as they or everie of them soe offending shall conformable to pfourme and abide the Order of the saide C5missioners, or the more part of them.

And moreover be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if any pson or psons having received any the sume or sumes of Money aforesaid, towards the good and pfitable Workes aforesaide, doe deteine the same or any part thereof in his or theire Handes, and doe not imploy the same in all convenient Speed as aforesaide, but shall use it to his or theire owne private Pfittf Comodities or Behoofes, to the Hinderance of the saide good Worke, that then everie such pson soe offending, for every such Default shall forfeite and loose the Treble Value of everie such some soe deteined or not employed, one Moytie whereof shalbe imployed towardes the pformance of the saide good Worke, and the other Moytie to him or them which will sue for the same in any the Kings Majesties Courts of Record, by Action of Debt Bill Plaint or Informac&n, wherein no Essoyne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe

shalbe admitted or allowed: And if any shall find themselves grieved wronged or unjustly charged or damnified by

reason of any Acte Order or Determinac&n of the saide Commissioners, or in default of Satisfaction to hym or them given or appointed, that then uppon the Complaint of everie such pson to the Justices of Peace of the Countye in which such wrong shalbe done or such wante of Satisfacc&n susteyned at theire geflall Quarter Sessions of the Peace, the said Justices, or the most parte of them, at their said Sessions shall and may order and appoint such Redresse Reliefe and Reformation therein, as to their discrec&ns shall seeme fitte; And that in Default thereof every such pson shall and may upon suite exhibited in the Kings Majesties High Courte of Chauncerie have such Reliefe as to Justice Right and Equitie appertaineth.

And be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That it shalbe in the Power of the Vicechancellor of the saide Universitie for the tyme being, and the three senior Doctors, being Heades or Chiefe Governors of Colledges, and of the Maior of the Citie of Oxon for the tyme being, and the three senior Aldermen of the saide Citie, or any Sixe of them, whereof the saide Vicechancellor and Maior for the tyme being to be two, from tyme to tyme to order

all Things aboute and touching Wharfage in or at the saide Citie, and touching all Paymentf for the same

to be made.

(') Provided alwaies. That no Inhabitant of any of the saide sev’all Counties shalbe taxed or imprisoned as aforesaide without the Consent of Two of the Comissioners or more of and for that Countie of or in which he is or shall be inhabitant.

' This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

toCk >oie

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 21, 22.

1097

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte to restraine Abuses of Players.

FOR the pventing and avoyding of the greate Abuse of the Holy Name of God in Stageplayes Interludes g*ni,t^>£n Maygames Shewes and such like; Be it enacted by our Soveraigne Lorde the Kings Majesty, and by the

profanely uiine the

Lordes Spirituall and Temporall, and Comons in this f?sent Parliament assembled, and by the authoride of the same. Holy Name, ^io.

That if at any tyme or tymes, after the end of this jPsent Session of Parliament, any pson or psons doe or shall in any

Stage play Interlude Shewe Maygame or Pageant jestingly or pphanely speake or use the holy Name of God or of

Christ Jesus, or of the Holy Ghoste or of the Trinide, which are not to be spoken but with feare and reverence, shall

forfeite for everie such Offence by hym or them comitted Tenne Pounde, the one Moytie thereof to the Kings

Majestie his Heires and Successors, the other Moytie thereof to hym or them that will sue for the same in any Courte

of Recorde at Westminster, wherein no Essoigne Protection or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed.

CHAPTER XXII.

An Acte for paving of Drury Lane and the Towne of S' Giles in the Fieldes within the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS the Towne of Sl Giles in the Fieldes, and that part thereof which leadeth to Holborne, and the Lane For paring called Drury Lane, leading from S*Giles in the Fieldes towardes the Strond, and towards Newe Inne, is of ^uryLane! late yeeres by occasion of the continuall Rode there, and often Cariages become deepe foule and dangerous to all that passe those Wayes: Be it enacted by authoritie of this p*sent Parliament, That for Amendment Repaire and Paving of that Jmtice* may rate Part of the Towne of S'Giles in the Fieldes leading to Holborne, and of the saide Lane called Drury Lane, within three Owner* of House*, yeeres from and after the end of this Session of Parliament, the Justices of Peace of the County of Middlesex for the tyme Land*, &c.» being in theire Quarter Sessions, or out of the saide Quarter Sessions any foure of them, shall and may assesse and taxe, according to theire discretions all and everie the Occupiers of any Houses Gardens Landes or Tenement^, and Owners of the Freehold or Inheritances thereof, adjoyning to the saide Lane at either end, or on any Side thereof, and all and everie or any the Inhabitantf of the severall Parishes of S* Giles, S' Martins in the Fieldes, S' Clement Danes, the Savoy, and soe much of the Parishe of S' Andrewes in Holborne as is within the saide County of Middlesex, being the Five Parishes into which the saide Towne and Lane dothe extend, or the Occupiers of Landes within any of the saide Parishes, with such sume & sumes of Money towardes the Amendment Repaire and Paving of the saide Towne of S' Giles and Lane called Drury Lane, or soe much thereof as in the discrecbns of the saide Justices, or any foure of them shall be thought meet and convenient: And the saide Justices, or any foure of them, shall have power to nominate and appoint a constitute and appoint of the substanciall Inhabitantf of every of the saide Parishes, one to be Surveyor of the Workes, CoUKtor*^ and in every of the saide Parishes one other to be Collector of the saide Summes within the saide Parishes, which Surveyors and Collectors shall take upon them the Charge and Busines of the saide Amendmentf Repaire and Paving; and shall and may by authority of this Acte levy by Distresse and Sale of Goods of such psons as shall be assessed to paye and doe not within theire severall limittf pay all such somes as shall be behinde and unpaide of the Taxacbns and Assessmentf above mencbned, renaring the overplus of such Goodes solde to the Owner of the saide Goods:

And the saide Surveyor and Collectors shall also from tyme to tyme place set on worke and pay Workemen, and pvide who shall complete and pay for all manner of Stuffe necessarie and needfull for the aforesaide Amendment Repaire and Paving, and the Thm^Year*';^'" saide Collectors, theire Executors or Administrators, shall at the end of the saide three yeeres, or within one moneth and account for after the saide three yeeres or sooner, and as often within the space of the saide three yeeres as by the saide the Justices of the Peace, or any Foure of them, shall be thought meete and appointed, deliver and make a true &c.

Accompt of theire Collecc&n and Disbursementf to the Clerke of the Peace of the saide County of Middlesexe,

at the open Quarter Sessions of the saide Countye, which Accompt being delivered in open Sessions shalbe examined

by the saide Justices of the Peace in Sessions, or the greatest Part of them, or such of them as the Courte of Sessions

shall assigne; and the Parties that soe shall examine the saide Accompt shall and may by theire discrecbns allow or

disallowe any the particulars of the saide Accompt, which they shall not finde to be juste and necessarie, such and soe

much as they shall thincke meete, and set downe the true Arrerages of the same Accompt, which Arrerages of the

saide Accompt everie Accomptant, his Executors or Administrators respectively, for his or theire Parte and Portions,

shall satisfye and paye into the Handes of the Churchwardens of every of the saide Parishes where the Arrerages

shall be founde, within Tenne Dayes after the saide Arrerages sett downe, upon paine that in default thereof the

Partye offending shall be comitted to prison by the saide Justices soe assigned for the taking of the saide Accompt, there

to remaine untill Payment thereof made, which Arrerages shall remaine in the Handes of the saide Churchwardens of

every of the saide Parishes to be imployed for newe Repaires or Amendment afterwards of the saide Lane, as neede shall

require; And that after the saide Streets and Lanes shall be fully paved and finished, that for ever heereafter all such

Howses Landes and Tenementf or Hereditamentf as are or shall be abbutting, or next adjoyning to the pmisses, shall be future by y*»rly

yeerly chargeable towards the reparacbn and maintenance of the saide Lanes and Streetes at such Rates as foure of the Rlte*'

saide Justices of Peace shall in theire discrecbns thinke fit.


12 Z

t

Original from PENN STATE

1098

3° Jac. I. c. 23.

A.D. 1605-6.

St. 18 Eliz. c. 18. for repairing Chepstow Bridge, repealed.

11.

The Two Shim of Gloucester and Monmouth declared liable to the Repairs of the said Bridge.

Justices in the said Counties shall assess Rates for such Repairs;

and appoint Collectors to levy Rates by Distress, kc.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for the newe making up & keeping in Repara eon of Chepstow Bridge.

IN all humble maner shewen and informe your most excellent Majesde, the Inhabitantf of the greatest parte of South Wales, that whereas a certaine greate Bridge of Wood called Chepstowe Bridge, was of late standing over the Water or River of Wye, which parteth the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, being the meetest and moste necessary Passage and Highway leading into the parts of Southwales, and out of the same to London Bristoll and other parts of England: And whereas alsoe at a Parliament holden at Westminster in the Eighteenth yeere of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth of famous memory, it was enacted that the Shire or County of Gloucester, and the Shire or County of Monmouth, should stand for evermore chargeable for the maintenance repairing amending and newe making of the aforesaide Bridge when and as often as neede should require, videit, everie of them for such part and moytie as lay to the middle of the Streame of the aforesaide Water of Wye, on the sides of the Lordship of Chepstowe in the County of Monmouth, and the Lordshippe of Tiddenham in the County of Gloucester ; and that for the assessement rating colleccbn gathering and imploying of the Moneyes thereupon to be spent, such forme and order should be observed as was appointed by an Acte made in the two and twentieth yeere of King Henrye the Eight, intituled An Acte concerning repairing and amending of Bridges in Highwayes; And that for the more speedie pformance of the phnysses, it was also enacted, That if the Justices of Peace of the aforesaide Shires of Gloucester or Monmouth or any of them, did make any Defaulte in not appointing executing and observing the order appointed by the saide Acte for the assessement colleccbn and imployment of the Monye soe to be collected according to the meaning of the saide Act, by the space of three Monthes next after the saide Session of Parliament holden in the saide eighteenth yeere of the saide late Queene Elizabeth, that then they and every of them (being resident and inhabiting in the saide Shires) should forfeite for such default the some of Tenne pounds a peece, to be recovered before the then Queenes Majesties Councell in the Marches of Wales, by informa c&n to be imployed to and for the use and reparac&n of the aforesaide Bridge : Forasmuch as the saide Acte made in the saide eighteenth yeere of the saide late Queene is sithence founde to be soe defective and insufficient, as well in the power given thereby to Justices of Peace of the saide Counties for the assessing and rating of the Inhabitantf thereof, and for collecting of Money towards the saide Bridge, as also in the meanes for recoverye of the Penalties thereby imposed upon Justices of Peace of the saide Countyes for theire defaulte in taking order in the p*misses, as that thereby no suche Remedy Benefitt and Order for the mainetenance and reparac&n of the saide Bridge could be effected as was intended to be pvided by the same: And for that by reason thereof the Justices of Peace of either the saide Counties neglecting to take order for the mainetenance and reparac&n of the saide Bridge, the same is of late broken fallen downe and quite caried away with the Streame of the saide Water, whereby the saide Passage and Highway is utterlie taken away, to the greate Charge Griefe Noysance and Hurte of a great multitude of the Kings Majesties Subject? travailing those parts : And for that also the saide Bridge cannot be new made erected or kept in reparac&n without some other and more effectuall Lawe or Pvision to be ordained by Parliament in that behalfe; Be it therefore enacted by the Kinge our SoPaigne Lord and by the Consent of the Lordes Spuall and Temporall and Comons in this jPsent Parliament assembled and by the authorise of the same. That the saide Acte or Ordinance made in the saide eighteenth yeere of the late Queene Elizabeth, for the repairing of the saide Bridge, be from henceforth utterly repealed adnulled voide and of none effecte.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaide, That the saide Shire or County of Gloucester, and the Shire or Countye of Monmouth, shall for evermore stand chargeable respectively and severally, for the erecting building newe making up and condnuall reparac&n and maintenance of the saide Bridge, when and as often as neede shall require, videit, The saide Countye of Gloucester, from the middest of the saide Bridge, or from the place where the middest of the saide Bridge stood in the saide River, for that part or moytie of the saide Bridge, which lyeth on that side unto the Lordship of Tiddenham, and the saide Countye of Monmouth, from the middest of the saide Bridge, or from the place where the middest of the saide Bridge stood in the saide River, for that part or moytie thereof which lyeth on that side unto the Lordshippe of Chepstowe j And that the Justices of Peace, or any fbure of them, in either of the saide Counties, whereof one to be of the Quop, severally and respectively shall have Power and Authority by this Acte to taxe assesse and rate all and everie the Inhabitantf of the saide severall Counties of Gloucester and Monmouth, severally and respectively, as well within Liberties as without, to such reasonable summe and sumes of Money from tyme to tyme as to the saide Justices or any foure of them in either of the saide Counties severally and respectively, whereof one to be of the Quop, shall be thought fitt needfull and convenient for the building new making up and erecting of the saide Bridge, and for the continuall Reparac&n thereof, and after such Taxac&n made the saide Justices or any foure of them in either of the said Counties, whereof one to be of the Quop, within the Limits of theire Authorities Comissions and Divisions, shall cause the Names and Somes of everie particular pson in either of the saide Counties soe by them taxed, to be written in severall Rolles indented, and shall alsoe have Power and Authoritye to appointe Collectors of everie Hundred in either of the saide Counties severally and respectively, within the Limits of theire saide Authorities Comissions and Divisions for the severall Collec£&n of all sumes of Money by them taxed; which Collectors in either of the saide Counties, receiving severall partes of the saide Rolles indented, under the Handes and Seales of the saide Justices, or any foure of them, within the Limits of theire Authorities and Comissions, whereof one to be of the Quop, shall have Power and Authoritie to collecte and receive all the particular sumes of Monye therein contained, and to distraine every such Inhabitant as shall be taxed, and refuse to make payment thereof in his Landes Goodes and Chattels, and to sell such Distresses, and of the Sale thereof reteine and pceive all the Mony taxed, and the Residue (if the Distresses bee better) to deliver to the

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 23.

1099

Owner thereof, and that the same Justices or foure of them, in either of the saide Counties, whereof one to be of the Quop, within the Limits of theire Comissions and Authorities, shall also have power to name and appoint foure sufficient psons out of the said severall Counties, to be Surveyors from tyme to tyme, as neede shall require, to survey and set forward the Worke for building and repairing of the saide Bridge, videft, two to be Surveiors for the Countie of Gloucester, and two to be Surveyors for the Countye of Monmouth, into whose Handes the saide Collectours of the saide Counties severally and respectively, shall pay the sumes of Mony by them levied and collected, to be imployed for the building erecting and repairing of the saide Bridge from tyme to tyme, as neede shall require, and shall make Rolles indented, to be subscribed interchangeably betweene them, and the saide Surveyors, in either County respectively, mencioning the tymes and paymentf thereof: And that the saide Collectors and Surveyors, and everie of them, and the Executors and Administrators of everie of them, from tyme to tyme when they shalbe thereunto required, shall make true DeclaracSns and Accomptf in Writing to the Justices of Peace, in either of the saide Counties, wherein they are appointed Collectors or Surveyors, or to any foure of them, whereof one to be of the Quop, of the Recieptf Paymentf Employmentf and Expences of all the sumes of Mony by them in that behalfe received or bestowed; And if they or any of them shall refuse soe to doe, or to pay (without delay to the use aforesaide) such Parte thereof as shall be found to remaine in theire Handes, to such pson or psons as by any foure of the saide Justices of Peace in either County, at their Quarter Sessions respectively, shall be nominated or appointed in that behalfe; that then the saide Justices of Peace, or any foure of them, in either of the saide Counties, whereof one to be of the Quop, from tyme to tyme by their discrecbns shall have Power and Authority within the Lymits of theire Comissions and Divisions, to make Pcesse against the saide Collectors and Surveyors and everie of them, and the Executors and Admynistrators of everie of them, by Attachment or Capias under theire Seales, for theire Apphenc&n, retomable at the geSall Sessions of Peace in either of the saide Counties, and if they appeare, then to compell them to accompt and pay as is aforesaide, or els if they or any of them refuse soe to doe, then to comit such of them as shall soe refuse to ward, there to remaine without Baile or Maineprise untill their saide declarac&n and accompt be truly made, and untill they make payment of such money as shall appeare to be by them deteined and not employed; And that the saide Justicf of Peace, or any foure of them, in either of the saide Counties respectively, shall take order that one part of all the severall Rolles conteyning all Taxac&ns Collecc&ns and Accomptf of everie of the saide Collectors and Surveiors, from tyme to tyme in either of the saide Counties (being subscribed aswell by the saide Justices, as also by the saide Collectors and Surveyors) may remaine and be safely kepte amongest the Recordes of the general 1 Sessions of the Peace in either of the saide Counties respectively, whereby it may alwaies appeare how much money is taxed collected and imployed from tyme to tyme in that behalfe.

And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaide. That everie of the Justices of Peace of the saide Countie of Monmouth from tyme to tyme (being resident and inhabiting in the saide County), and also every of the Justices of Peace of the saide Countie of Gloucester (being resident and [ inhabitant' ] in the saide County or within the County of the Citie of Gloucester) omitting or neglecting the due execucttn of this Statute, according to the power and direccBn thereby to them given (after request made in that behalfe by any two of the Inhabitant^ in either of the saide Counties respectively), shall forfeite and lose the some of Five Powndes apeece monethly for everie Moneth (after the expiraf&n of Eight Weekes next ensuing the end of this p'sent Session of Parliament), in which no Assessement ColleccSn imployment of Money or other effectuall deeding towardes the building of the saide Bridge, shall be. by them done or used or pcured to be done or used according to the intent and true meaning of this Acte, untill the saide Bridge be fully firmely and sufficiently made up built and erected, and afterward shall loose and forfeite Fortie Shillingf a peece for every monethly negligence or default by them comitted, after like request made in that behalfe in not taking order for reparation thereof from tyme to tyme as necessity shall require in manner as by this Acte is {Pscribed and limited.

And be it also enacted by y' Authoritye aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfull to and for everie such pson and psons, as well in the saide County of Gloucester as also in the saide Countye of Monmouth, as by the saide Justices of Peace or any Foure of them in either of the saide Countyes respectively (whereof one to be of the Quop in each Countye), in theire geSall Sessions of the Peace shalbe nominated and appointed in that behalfe, to aske receive and take of any of the Kings Majesties Subjects of South Wales of the Citye of Bristoll or any other pson or p6ons travailing by that way or passage where the said Bridge is to be built (any Act or Statute to the cont'ry in any wise notwithstanding) all such some and sumes of Money or Benevolence as they or any of them without compulsion will willingly give towards the building and erecting of the saide Bridge untill the same be fully built and erected, and that true Accomptf upon Oath shall be made and delivered by everie of the saide psons monethly of all such sume or sumes as shall be soe received or collected; and that the Money thereupon due shall be by everie of them likewise monethly paied over unto any two of the Justices of Peace respectively in either of the saide Counties wherein they were soe nominated and appointed, whereof one to be of the Quop, by severall Writings indented, to be subscribed interchangeably betweene the saide Justices and the said Accomptantf, upon paine that everie of the saide psons shall forfeite and loose Fortie Shillingf for every defaulte by them comitted in not making such Accompt and Payment; and the saide Money so received to be by the saide Justices respectively disposed and imployed towards the building of the saide Bridge, and that such parts of the saide Writings of Accomptf and Paymentf as shalbe from tyme to tyme delivered to the saide Justices in either County, shall remaine and be kept amongest the Recordes of the Sessions

1 ynhabyting 0.

Justice* may also appoint Surveyor!;

Collector! and Surveyor! shall account before Justice*

Pro cell against them for Neglect in accounting, See.

Assessments shall remain with the RecordsofSessions.

in.

Penalty on Justices for Neglect, &c. Jt$ per Month.

IV.

Persons authorized by Justices may receive voluntary Contributions, to be applied to the Repair of the said Bridge.

1100

3° Jac. I. c.23, 24.

A.D. 1605-6.

V.

Peniltv and Remedy for Mii>-application of Money received.

VI.

Recovery and Application of Penalties

St.22H.VIIJ.c-c. $2. for Repair of County Bridges;

Bridge over the Severn, near Upton- upon-Severn in Worcestershire, out of Repair, &c.

Said Bridge shall be repaired by Inhabitants of the County, within Three Years:

of the Peace in either of the saide Counties respectively, whereby it may appeare howe much is given and received towardes the saide Bridge, and aswell the psons to be appointed in either of the saide Counties for receiving the saide Guiftf and Benevolence, as also the Collectors and Surveyors afore mencioned in either County shall and may have such reasonable Allowance towardes theire paines and svices in the p>misses as by the more part of the Justices of Peace at theire Quarter Sessions respectively in either of the saide Countyes shalbe ordered and sett downe under theire Handes in that behalfe.

And moreover be it enacted by the authority aforesaide, That if the saide Justices of Peace in either of the saide Counties or any of them or any other to his or theire use have or hath heretofore had or received any sOme or sumes of Money given taxed or collected, or shall at any tyme hereafter take or receive any Money given taxed or collected towardes the erecting and newe making of the saide Bridge or the reparac&n thereof, and shall and doe detaine the same or any parte thereof in his or theire Handes and doe not imploy it towards the building or reparac&n of the saide Bridge with all convenient speede upon request to him or them in that behalfe made, That then everie such Justice of Peace or other pson soe offending, for everie such Default or Offence shall forfeite and loose the sume of Fortie Powndes; And if any of the saide Justices of Peace or any other p6on or psons whatsoever which have had or gotten or hereafter shall have or gett into his Handes any Money given rated received or collected for or towards the building or reparac&n of the saide Bridge, shall conceale detaine or convert the same to his or theire owne uses, and shall refuse to make payment thereof to be imployed accordingly, upon request made in that behalfe, That then it shall and may be lawfull for any pson or psons to sue the Partye or Partyes (detaining such Money) in the High Courte of Chancerye, or any other Courte of Equity, by Englishe Bill for recoverie thereof, and the same being recovered by Decree or Order of that Courte shall be imployed towards the buildinge or repairing of the saide Bridge by direcc&n of the saide Court; and that such Allowance or £Coste' ] shall be ordered by the saide Court to be paide to such as shall soe sue for the same towardes his or theire Charges and Paines bestowed therein as shall be thought meete and convenient.

And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That all and every of the saide Forfeitures herein before mencioned shall and may be recovered against the saide Justices of Peace or other pson so offendinge and every or any of them by Acc&n of Debte Bill Plaint or Informa£6n in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde at Westminster, wherein no Essoigne Wager of Lawe or protecf&n shall be admitted or allowed ; And that every of the saide Forfeitures which shalbe recovered, being divided into Foure Parts; One Part thereof shall remaine and be to the use of such pson or psons as shall sue complaine or informe for the same, towards his or theire Charges therein, and the other Three Parts thereof, after such Recoverie, shalbe imployed and bestowed towards the makinge and repairing of the saide Bridge from tyme to tyme by Direcc&n and Order of the Courte wherein the same shall be soe recovered.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte for the reedifying of a Bridge over the River of Seaverne, neere the Towne of Upton

upon Seaverne.

WHEREAS by an Acte of Parliament made in the two and twentieth yeere of the Raigne of the late King of famous memory Henry the Eight, it was enacted, That decayed Bridges being without Citye or Towne Corporate, should be made and repaired by the Inhabitantf of the Shire within which the said decayed Bridges should happen to be: And whereas there hath byn heretofore a Bridge over the River of Seaverne, neere adjoyning to the Towne of Upton upon Seaverne in the County of Worcester, very necessarie and convenient for the comon Use and Passage of the Kings Majesties Subjects in those parts which being divers yeares since fallen into greate mine and decaye hath beene attempted by the Justices of Peace of the saide County of Worcester, with the Consent of the moste part of the Inhabitantf of the same County to be reedified at the Charge of the same County according to the forme of the aforesaide Statute; By reason whereof divers sumes of Money to the value of Seaven hundred Poundes at leaste have beene levied of the Inhabitantf of divers partes of the saide Countye, and imployed in the reedifying of the same Bridge, soe as the same, with some small further Charge might have beene pfectly finished; Notwithstanding all which, by the wilfulnes of some pticuler psons being unwilling to contribute any thing towards so charitable a worke, and drawing others daitie to like obstinacie, whereby the Inhabitantf of some parts of the said County would not yeeld or consent to the making or levying of any Taxaf&ns or Assessmentf towards the building of the saide Bridge, the saide good and charitable worke hath beene given over, soe as some part of the saide Bridge for that it was lefte unfinished is againe fallen downe and the rest greatly decayed, and like in shorte tyme to fall downe unlesse some speedy course be taken for the finishing thereof: For Remedie whereof, may it please the Kings moste excellent Majestie the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Authoritie of the same, That the saide Bridge shall be wholly made erected builded and finished within the space of Three yeeres after the end of this Session of Parliament by the Inhabitantf of the saide County of Worcester, other then the Citizens of the City of Worcester inhabiting in the saide Citye, and that only concerning the Landes Goodes and Chattels within the saide Citye and their Liberties thereof, upon paine of forfeiture

1 Costs 0.

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c.24, 25

1101

of One hundred Poundes for everie yeere after the end of the saide Three yeeres that the saide Bridge shall happen to be unfinished, to be paide by the Inhabitantf of the saide County, other then the saide Citizens as aforesaide; the one moytie thereof to be imployed toward f the reedifying and repairing of the saide Bridge, the other moytie to hym or them that will sue for the same in any of the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde by Acf&n of Debte Bill Plainte or Informafbn, wherein no Essoigne Protecc&n or Wager of Lawe shall be admitted or allowed.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritye aforesaide, That the Justices of Peace of the saide Countye of Worcester or any Three Foure or more of them to be nominated and agreede on by the Justices of Peace of the saide Countye or the more parte of them in theire Generali Quarter Sessions shall have full Power and Authority from tyme to tyme as often as neede shall require, untill the saide Bridge shalbe fully reedified and builded, to rate taxe and assesse the saide County of Worcester and the severall Hundreds Townes Parishes Villages and Hamlettf within the same, and everie Inhabitant or Dweller within any the saide Hundreds Townes Parishes Villages and Hamlettf, other then the saide Citye of Worcester and Citizens aforesaide, concerning their Landes Goodes and Chattels aforesaide, to such reasonable sume and sumes of Money as to the said Justices soe nominated as aforesaide, or any Three Foure or more of them shalbe thought fitt and convenient: And that the Justices of Peace of the said County of Worcester or the more parte of them at theire Quarter Sessions shall at all and everye tyme and tymes hereafter have full Power and Authority by this p'sente Acte to nominate and appointe such pson and psons as they shall thincke fitt to collect and gather the said severall somes; And that such pson and psons as the saide Justices so shall appointe for the gathering and levying thereof shall have hereby full Power and Authority by way of Distresse upon Denyall Refusall or Nonpayment to levye the same, and to make Sale of the same Distresse or Distresses according to the saide Statute made in the two and twentieth yeere of the Reigne of our said late Soveraigne Lorde King Henry the Eight; and the same Money soe to be levyed to be delivered over and paide to the saide Justices of Peace so nominated as aforesaide or to such pson or psons as the said Justices of Peace soe nominated shall appointe, who shall imploy the same with as much speede as may be for the purpose aforesaide; And if any pson or psons within the saide County of Worcester, who shalbe taxed or rated to pay any sume or sumes of Money in forme aforesaide, doe refuse the payment thereof, or otherwise withstande theire Distresse or Distresses, or if any other that shalbe charged to gather levye or pay over any the said sumes of Money shall refuse withstand deny or impugne to accomplishe the Order or Comaundement of the saide Jusdees of Peace or of the more parte of them, in their Quarter Sessions, or of the saide Justices of Peace so noiated aforesaide. Then everie such pson and psons shalbe imprisoned without Bayle or Maineprise by the discrecdns of the saide Justices or any two of them, untill such tyme as they and everie of them soe offending shalbe conformable to pforme and abide the Order of the saide Justices soe to be taken as is aforesaide for the saide Offences.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaide, That if the said Justices or any of them, or any other pson or psons soe to be appointed as aforesaide, having received any sume or sumes of Monye aforesaide towards the erecting and making of the saide Bridge doe deteine the same or any parte thereof in his or their Handes, or doe not imploy the same with all convenient speede as is aforesaide, That then everie such Justice of Peace, and everie such pson or psous soe offendinge, for everie such defaulte shall forfeite the sume of One hundred Poundes; The one moytie thereof to be employed towardes the recdifyinge and building of the saide Bridge, to be levyed by Distresse as is aforesaide, and the other moytie to hym or them that will sue for the same in any the Kings Majesties Courts of Recorde by Acc&n of Debte Bill Plainte or Informac6n, wherein no Essoigne Protec con or Wager of Lawe shalbe admitted or allowed.

God save the Kinge.

CHAPTER XXV. (■)

An Acte for ConfirmaCbn of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergie.

WHERE the Prelates and Cleargye of the Province of Canterbury, have for certaine Considerations, lovinglie and liberallie given and graunted to the Kings most excellent Ma*', Fower Subsidies of Fower Shillingf in the pound, to bee taken and leavied of all and singular their Promotions Spirituall w,hin the same Province, at such daies and tymes and in such certaine manner and forme, and w*" such Exceptions and Provisions, as be specified and declared in a certaine Instrument by them thereof made, and delivered to the Kings Highnes, under the Seale of the most Reverend Father in God Richard now Archbishopp of Canterburie and Primate of all England; W* Instrument is now exhibited in this present Parlament to be ratified and confirmed : The Tenor whereof enseweth in these Wordes, viz

Excellentissimo et potentissimo in Christo Principi, et Domino nfo Clementissimo, Domino Jacobo, Dei gra Angt Scoriae Frauncie et Hibnie Regi, Fidei Defensori, &c. Richardus Divina Providentia Cantuariensis Archiepus, torius Angt Primas et Metropolitans, omnimodam obedientiam et subjectionem, ac felicitatem et salutem, in eo per quern Reges regnant et Principes dominantur: Vestras serenissimas Regiae sublimitati per presens publicum Instrumentum, sive

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.


Penalty, loo a Year.

II.

Justices of the County shall make Rates for such Repairs;

and appoint Collectors to levy the same by Distress, &c. under aa H. VIII. c.j.

III. Penalty on Mis-application of Money collected, st'ioo. See.

Grant, by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury, of Four Subsidies of 4S, in the Pound

Tenor of the said Grant



1102

3° Jac. I. c. 25. A.D. 1605-6.

has Iras nras tesdmoniales, significamus et notum facimus, quod Prelati et Clerus nre C.antuariensis Provincix, in sacra Synodo Provincial! sive Convocation, Vigore et authoritate brevis vri Regii Reverendissimo in Christo Patri, Domino Johanni, Permissione Divina Cantuariensi Archiepiscopo totius Anglix Primati et Metropolitano, predecessori nro modo defuncto, ac vigore Brevis vestri Regii, Custodi Spiritualitatis Archiepiscopatus C.antuariensis, (sede Archiepiscopali Cantuariensi vacante) in ea parte respective directi, in Domo Capitulari Ecctix vrx Cathedralis Sancti Pauli London, vicesimo die mensis Martii, Anno Domini juxta cursum et computacbem Ecctix Anglicanx, Millesimo sexcentesimo tertio, ultimo preterito inchoata et celebrata, ac de die in diem et loco in locum usq, ad et in octavum diem mensis Februarii, Anno Domini juxta cursum & computacbem Ecctix Anglicanx, mittimo sexcentesimo quarto tunc proxime, sequente, continuata et prorogata, et a d£o octavo die mensis Februarii, vigore et authoritate Brevis vestri Regii in ea parte nobis directi, de die in diem, et loco in locum usqN ad et in secundum diem presentis mensis Aprilis etiam tenta et continuata in Ecctia Collegiata divi Petri Westmonasteriensi, legitime congregati, pro quibusdam magnis arduis et urgentibus causis per nos eis propositis, ac inter eos matura deliberatione ponderatis, pro defensione Regnorum et Dominiorum vestrorum, necnon et pro eorum erga vestram Regiam sublimitatem observanda et obsequio, Quatuor ultronea ac spontanea et voluntaria Subsidia, vre Regix munificentix unanimi eorum consensu et assensu dederunt et concesserunt, prout tenore presentis publici Instrumenti, (seriem concessionis hujusmodi in se continentis,) plenius liquet et apparet; Humiliter et obnixe vestre Regix Majestati supplicantes quatenus hec eorum quatuor Subsidia pro vestra solita dementia benigne accipiatis, ac bene consulere gratiose dignemini: Tenor vero dicte Concessionis de verbo in verbum sequitur, et est talis:

Motives for this Grant:

Grant of 4a. in the Pound for each of the Four Subsidies, on all Spiritual Promotions, as valued to the King's Tenth under St. 26H.VIU.C.J.

Most Religious and Gratious Soveraigne, yo' Ma'f leige and humble Subjects the Prelates & Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, called together by the authoritie of yor Highnes Wriit, and orderlie assembled at this present in a Provinciall Synode or Convocation, knowing by the direction of Holie Scripture, not onelie how lawfull and needefull the Scepters and Swordes of Princes are heere on Earth, for the repressing of Wrongs and Violences, and preserving of Peace and Equitie amongst Men (to w1* ende they were first erected, and are still contynued by the Ordinance of God himself), but also how honorable & profitable the Persons and Powers of Christian Kings would and should be to all the faithful), God having promised them as nourcing Fathers to the Church of Christ, that under them Wee might lead a safe and quiett life in all Godlines and Honestie, and w"'all remembring, after the death of the late Queene of famous memorie, when our unthanckfulnes to God so deserving, and o' distraction of Myndes amongst o'selvfes making waie thereunto. Wee justlie feared the Rage of Enemyes Abroad and the Rowt of Malecontentf at Home, how graciouslie God dealt w,h us and this whole Land, by speedilie bringing yor Ma"* to the rightful! Possession of the Crowne of this Realme, as next Heire to the same by lineall Discent from King Henrie the Seventh most worthelie renowned for many Princelie vertues, but speciallie for reuniting the two Roiall Stockes & Families of this Kingdome, most dangerouslie divided before that tyme, and in him most happilie conjoyned, and quietlie placing yow in the Princelie Throne of that yor most noble Progenitor, w"* the joyfull & wonderfull Applause of all sortes of yo' People, and cheefelie of such as sincerelie and truelie served God and loved his Truth; And having ever since so manifest and manifold triallf of Gods most admirable Guiftes & Blessingf bestowed, as well on yo* sacred Person, excelling in all Wisedome Leaminge Prudence Pietie Clemencie and Bountie, as on yo' flourishing Government adorned w* Peace on all Sides, Plentie of all Things, and Safetie from all forraine Maligners and domesticall Impugners, notwithstanding the unshamefast Broode of Antichrist the Jesuites and their Adherentf, leave no meanes unsought to trouble the Tranquillitie of yo' State, and undermine the felicitie of yor Raigne as much as in them lieth; and still beholding yo' inflamed and resolute Zeale and Love to the Gospell of Christ dailie to encrease, yo' earnest and exquisite Desire and Care for the order and unitie of his Church alwaies to augment, yo' extraordinaire and right princelie Favo'* and Hono" affoorded to his Ministers and Servantf the Pasto" and Leaders of his Flocke more 8c more to abound, might not so much forgett themselves as not to acknowledg it to be their bounden duties, first to render all possible Praise and Glorie to God for these his exceeding Graces and Mercies plentifullie powred on the Church and Realme of England by yo' Roiall Person and happie Regiment, w,h their ardent and humble Prayers to God longe to continue these heavenlie Blessingf to the People of this Kingdome, under yo' religious and blessed Government; and next to shew themselves observant suppliant and obedient to yo' godlie Proceedingf, and likewise myndfull and thanckfull for so rare & inestimable Bounties and Benefittf as they have receyved from yo’ Princelie Handes and Lawes, to their no smale Comfort and Encouragement: May it therefore please yo' excellent Ma1" to be informed. That upon Conference had amongst yo' said Prelates and Cleargie how they might best witnesse and expresse to yo' Princelie benignitie their loyall and dutifiill Harts and Affections; They finding to how great and excessive Charges the Funerallf of the late Queene (now living w,h God) in so solemne & sumptuous manner as yo' Roiall Pleasure was that should be performed, the happie Coronation of yo' Mall* and yo' most noble Consort o' gratious Queene that now is, in such sort and state as was fitt for so highe and mightie Princes, and the magnificent many and frequent Entertainementf of so great & honorable Embassages, as both Neighbo' and remote Kings and Comonwealthes sent to congratulate yor prosperous & peaceable succeeding in the Throne and Crowne of this Realme, must needes amount unto, besides many other inevitable and importable Burdens and Expences at yor first Entrance into this Kingdome, Yo' said Prelates and Clergie, have with a generall and uniforme Accord and Consent most willinglie and readilie given and graunted, and by these Presents doe give and graunt to yo' Highnes yo' Heires and Successo", Fower whole and entire Subsidies in manner and forme following; That is to saie; That everie Archbishopp Bishopp Deane Archdeacon Provost Master of Colledg Prebendarie Parson and Vicar and everie other person & persons of whatsoever Name or Degree he or they be w,hin the Province of Canterburie, having and enjoying any Spirituall Promotion or other Temporal! Possession to the same Spirituall Promotion aunexed, now not devided

b» Go >gle

H

1605-6.

3° Jac I. c. 25

1103

*1

U

fa

Hi

Sl

4


i

,ri

R

l|

i

i

10

11

R

ol

ii

ii

x

D

a

B

4

i

i

if

ii k •I

3

nor separated by Act of Parlament or otherwise from the possession of the Clergie, shall pay to yo' Highnesse yo' Heires and Successo", for everie Pounde that he may yerely receave and dispend by reason of the sayd Spiritual 1 Promocftn, the summe of Fower Shillingf for everie of the sayd Foure Subsidies: And for the true and certaine value of all the Promotions and everie of them, whereof the paymentf of these Fower Subsidies shall be made, the Rate Taxac&n Valuation and Estimacbn now remayning of Record in yor Ma'f Court of Exchequer for the payment of a perpetuall Disme or Tenth graunted unto King Henry the Eigth of worthy Memory, in the six and twendth yere of his Raigne, concerning such Promotions as now be in the Possession of the Clergie, shall only be followed and observed, without makinge any other Valuation Rate Taxation or Estimation then in the sayd Record is comprised : Provided alwaies, That forasmuch as the tenth part of the said Rate and Valuac&n before mentioned, is yerely payd to yor Highnes for the sayd perpetuall Disme or Tenth, so as there remayne only nyne parts yerely to the Incumbent cleere, These Foure Subsidies of Foure Shillingf of the pounde shalbe understoode and meant only of everie full pound of the sayd nyne parts and no more: And yo' Prelates and Clergie do also graunt that these Foure Subsidies of Foure Shillingf of the full pound of the nyne parts of the yearely value of every Spirituall Promotion aforesayd within the sayd Province taxed as is aforesayd shalbe payd to yor Ma'" yor Heires and Successo" in manner and forme following. That is to say, The first payment of these Foure Subsidies, viz' Eightene pence of everie full pound as aforesayd, to be due at and upon the second day of October nowe next ensewing; And the second payment of these Foure Subsidies, viz. other Eightene pence of every full pound as aforesayd, to be due at and upon the six and twentith day of March, w*4 shall be in the yere of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundreth and seven; And the third payin' of these Foure Subsidies, viz. Eightene pence of everie full pound as aforesayd, to be due at and upon the second day of October, wch shalbe in the yere of or Lord God One thousand sixe hundred and seven; And the fourth payment of these Foure Subsidies, viz' Eightene pence of every full pound as aforesayd, to be due at & upon the six and twentith day of March wd‘ shalbe-in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth & eight; And the fist payment of these Foure Subsidies, viz* Eightene pence of every full pound as aforesayd, to be due at and upon the second day of October, w4 shall be in the yere of our Lorde God One thousand six hundreth & eight; And the sixt payment of these Fower Subsidies, vi2. Eightene pence of every full pound as aforesayd, to be due at and uppon the six & twentith day of March, w*4 shalbe in the yere of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and nyne; And the seaventh payment of these Foure Subsidies, viz' eightene pence of every full pound as aforesayd, to be due at and uppon the second day of October, w4 shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and nyne; And the eight paiment of these Fower Subsidies, viz* Eightene pence of everie full pound as aforesayd, to be due at upon the six and twentith day of March, wch shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and ten ; And the nynth payment of these Foure Subsidies, viz. Eightene pence of every full pound as aforesayd, to be due at and upon the second day of October, wch shalbe in the yere of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and ten j And the tenth payment of these Foure Subsidies, viz. Eightene pence of every full ponnd as aforesayd, to be due at and upon the six and twentith day of March w4 shalbe in the yere of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and eleven; And the last payment of these Foure Subsidies, viz*. Twelve Pence of every full Pound as aforesayd to be due at and upon the second day of October wc" shalbe in the yere of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and eleven, to be delivered and payd by such person and persons as in this present Graunt shall be appointed to have the Collection thereof to the L. High Treasorer or Under Trer of England for the time being, or to such person or persons and in such place or places as shall please yor Highnes to appoint to be payd, vi2. Every of the aforesayd paymentf w* shalbe due upon the second day of October in any of the aforesayd yeres, to be made at or before the last Retourne of Hillary Terme next following everie of the aforesayd daies in wch every of the sayd paymentf shalbe due; And every of the aforesayd paymentf w4 shalbe due upon the six and twentith day of March as aforesayd, to be made at or before the last Returne of Trinitie Terme next following every of the aforesayd dayes when the sayd paymentf shalbe due; without paying any thing to the Receivo' or to any other Officer or Person to be assigned for the Receit thereof, for any Acquittance or other Discharge or Dispatch upon any such Payment or Receite of any of the sayd Subsidies or any part thereof, but only Foure Pence, and that to the Clerk for the writing of the Acquittance or Discharge for every of the said Paymentf. Provided alwaies, That no person that hath bene promoted to any Benefice or Spirituall Promocbn, and hath compounded w*" yor Ma'k for the First Fruitf of the same, from the second day of October last past, viz', in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and five, and before the six and twentith day of March in this present yere* of o' Lord God One thousand six hundred and six, shalbe contributory or charged for the same Benefice or Promotion to yo' Highnes your Heires or Successo", with the first payment of these Foure Subsidies due upon the second day of October next ensewing; And that no person wrt hereafter shalbe promoted to any Benefice or Spirituall Pmotion, and shall compound wlh yo' Ma"* yor Heires or Successo" for the First Fruitf of the same, from the six and twentith day of March in this present yeere of o' Lord God One thousand six hundreth and six, and on this side the six and twentith day of March w4* shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and eleven, shalbe contributory or charged for the same Benefice or Promotion to yo' Highnes yo' Heires or Successo", with the two paymentf of these Fower Subsidies w*4 shalbe due next after the day of his sayd Composition for his First Fruitf or w,h any part thereof: And that no person w*4 shalbe promoted to any Benefice or Spirituall PromociSn, and shall compound w'4 yo' Ma"* yo' Heires or

Successor" for the First Fruitf of the same from and after the six and twentith day of March w"" shalbe in the yere of

our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and eleven, shalbe contributorie or charged for the same Benefice or

Promotion to yo' Highnes yo' Heires or Successo" w4 the last paym' of these Foure Subsidies: Item, Yo'Highnes

sayd Prelates and Clergie doe graunt, that everie Archbishopp Bishopp, and (the See being voyd) every Deane and Chapter of that Sec voyd, and none other person or persons, shalbe Collecto" of these Subsidies w‘4in their proper

but payable on Nine-Tenths only;

Times of Payment of the said Four Subsidies, by Ten Half-yearly Payments of is. 6d. and One of IS. per Pound.

Clerk's Fee on Acquittance to Collectors:

Subsidies not payable on the First Year after Promotion ; and compounding for First Fruits:

Bishops, &c. shall be Collectors j

GOOgk

1104

3° Jac. I. c. 25.

J1.DA605-6.

Payments shall be received from Collect on when tendered by them

and Account! be taken by Auditors, Sic. Penalty t£io.

Collector! shall have the same Powers, Dec. as for levying the Tenths, See.

Allowance for Collection, 6d. in the Pound

Incumbent of any Benefice, on Demand of Subsidy from him, and Certificate, by the Bishop into the Exchequer, of Non-payment, shall forfeit such Benefice;

Dyocesse during the time appointed for the payment of these Foure Subsidies: And yo' sayd Prelates and Clergie doe most humbly beseech yo' Ma"* that it may be enacted by yo' Majestie and yo' High Courte of Parlament (for the speedy payment of the sayd Fower Subsidies, and to avoyd delayes thereof), that when and as often as any Collector or Collecto" chargeable w1" the Collection of these Subsidies or of any part of them, or their or any of their Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies of any of them, shall offer the payment of them or of any part of them, to the use of yo' Ma,k yo' Heires or Successors, to any person or persons appointed to receave the same by yor Highnes or by the Lord High Treasurer, that the said person or persons so appointed shall w""in sower daies next after such Appointment, receave or cause to be receaved the Money so offered to be paied w,hout any further delaie, and deliver one sufficient Bill testifying the receit thereof to the said Collecto' or his Undercollecto' or Deputie upon everie such particular payment: And that everie such Audito', as is or shalbe apointed to take or receave the Accompt of any such Collecto' or Collecto™ or of their severall Undercollecto" or Deputies, shall w^in sixe daies next after Request to him to be made, truelie and indifferentlie take the said Accompt and make Allowance as by this Graunt is appointed; upon payne that everie such person or persons appointed to receave the same summe or summes of Money so offered, and everie such Audito' shall loose and forfeit for everie default or delaie to bee made, to the Collecto' or Collecto" Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies so offering to make Payment or Accompt as is aforesaid, the summe of Tenn Pounds of lawfull Money of England, the one moietie thereof to be

to yo' Ma'k yo' Heires and Successo™, and the other moietie to the said Collecto’ or Collecto" Undercollecto' or

Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies so greeved, the same to be paied upon complaint to be made to the said Lord Treasurer Under Treasurer or to the Lord Cheese Baron of yo' Ma'f Court of Excheq'; who upon such complaint shall presentlie examine the matter, and fynding default shall comitt the Offendo' to Ward, there to remaine untill hee shall have paied the said severall sumines so forfeited: And for better levying and recovering of these Fower Subsidies, yo' said Prelates and Clergie do likewise most humblie beseech yo' Ma,k that it may be enacted by yo' Ma,u and yo' said High Court of Parlament in manner and forme following, that is to saye, That everie Collecto' of the said Subsidies and of everie part and parcel! of them, and their lawful Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies, may have full Power & Authoritie to use all such Waies and Meanes and Processe as be prescribed in the Act of perpetuall Disme for the Collection and leavying thereof, and may make Accompt of the same before the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer of England for the tyme being, or any other Officer by yo' Highnes or yo' Court of Exchequer to be appointed for the same, and in such place as yo'

Ma"' shall likewise assigne, in such wise and after such forme onelie as the said Archbishopp and Bishoppf be

now charged to make Accompt for the said perpetuall Dismes and Tenth; whereby is meant that the lacke and default of paymente of and for any Spirituall Promotion or Promotions, shall onelie charge such Incumbent or Incumbentf, and such others as be bound to paie the same; And that the Archbishopp Bishopp Deane & Chapter, gathering that w" they can receave, and making payment thereof, shall for the rest, not by them receaved, be discharged by their Certificate to be made unto yo' Highnes Courte of Exchequer for everie of the aforesaid payment f w* shalbe due upon the second daie of October in any of the aforesaid yeares, at or before the last retume of Hillarie Terme next following everie of the aforesaid daies, when everie of the said payinentf shalbe due; And for everie of the aforesaid paymentf wch shalbe due upon the sixe and twentith daie of March in any of the aforesaid yeares, at or before the last returne of Trinitie Terme, next and immediatlie following everie of the aforesaid daies when the said paymentf shalbe due; And that sixe pence of everie pounde wherewth the Collecto' shalbe charged in his Accompt, clearelie to be paid into the Receipt of your Ma'f Excheq', or into such other place as shall please yo' Highnes to appoint, shalbe allowed to the said Collecto' upon his Accompt for the same, at everie of the aforesaid severall tymes of payment, for the Charges of the said Collection Portage safe conveying and paying of the said Subsidies: And moreover that it may be enacted likewise, that after any payment of the said Subsidies shalbe once due by vertue of this Graunt, if any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promotion Spirituall charged to the Payment of any of the said Subsidies, or any part thereof, being at any time after that the same Payment shalbe due, lawfullie monished, either personally or at his Dignitie Stall Church or Mansion Howse, by the Archbishopp or Bishopp of the Diocesse, or his Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies, or by the Deane and Chapter (the See beinge voyd), or by any of their Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies authorised in that behalf, to appeare by himself or his Deputie, at a certaine Daie and Place of convenient distance to the said Incumbent then to be signified and prefixed, and then and there to paie such part of the said Subsidies of his Benefice or Promotion Spirituall or the whole, as then by vertue of this Graunt shalbe due, do not either at the same Daie and Place soe to him signified and prefixed, truelie content and pay, or cause to be contented and paied, such paymentf of the said Subsidies as then by him shalbe due to be paied unto the same Archbishopp or Bishopp or to his Undercollecto’ or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapter of any See being voyd, or to their Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies, or to one of them, shewing sufficient Deputac&n from the said Archbishopp Bishopp or Deane and Chapter, under his or their Seale in that behalf, being readie at the said Daie and Place so signified & prefixed to receave any Payment of the said Subtidies then due, and openlie demaunding the same, or else pay everie of the paymentf of these sower Subsidies given by this Graunt w"*in fiftie daies next after any such prefixed daies of warning at the farthest (so that open demaund be made of everie of the said paymentf of the said Subsidies in and at the said place & daie before prefixed) that then everie Incumbent so making default of any of the Paymentf aforesaid, w* shalbe due from him for any of the partes of the said sower Subsidies as aforesaid, after such default thereof certified into yo* Ma’f Excheq' in Writing, under the Seale and Handwriting of any Archbishop or Bishopp, or the Cdmon Seale of the Deane & Chapter (the See beinge voyd,) charged w"* the Collection of the same Subsidies, so that the name Certificate shalbe made according to the forme heereafter expressed, and exhibited into yo' Ma'f said Court of


I

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c.25.

1105

F.xcheq', viz. for everie of the aforesaid paymentf of these sower Subsidies wch shalbe due the second daie of October in any of the aforesaid yeares at or before the last Retume of Hillarie Terrae next following everie of the aforesaid daies when everie of the said paymentf shalbe due; And for everie of the aforesaid paymentf which shalbe due upon the sixe and twentith daie of March in any of the aforesaid yeares, at or before the last retume of Trinitie Terme next following everie of the aforesaid daies when the said paymentf shalbe due as aforesaid, shall forfeite and lose unto yo' Ma1" yor Heires & Successo", all the Profittf wck of that onelie Dignitie Benefice or Promotion for the w* he maketh such default of Payment, and whereof suche Certificate shalbe made, shall c5me grow and arise unto him, (over and above the Charges of serving the Cure and the annuall Tenth dew to be paid out of his said Living,) in one whole yeare next after such Certificate made & delivered unto yo' Highnes Courte of Excheq', and there admitted, in case the said Incumbent shall so longe lyve; and that everie such Certificate of any such default of Payment shalbe made according to the Teno' and Effect ensewing, mutatis mutandis: Honorabilibus et egregiis viris, Domino Thesaurario et Baronibus de Sccario Illustrissimi Dni nn Domini Jacobi Dei gra Angliae Scotia: Francie ft Hibemie Regis, Fidei Defensor, &c. Vester humilis I. permissione Divina, L. Episcopus, authoritate et vigore cujusdam Actus Parlamenti annis rni ddi Dni Regis sCtt Angt Frauncie et Hiberniae tertio & quarto, et Scotiae tricesimo nono editi et provisi, ad colligendum et levandum Subsidia eidem Domino Regi in eodem Parlamento per Prelatos et Clerum Cantuarien Provinciae concessa, viz. pro prima solutione dictorum quatuor Subsidiorum solvend secundo die Octobris ultimo preter, infra Diocesim nram L. deputatus et authorizatus, oiodam reverentiam tantis viris debitam cum honore. Vns Reverentiis harum serie annuncio et certifico, me prefatum Episcopum, modo quo prefertur deputat et authorizaf, sufficienter et cum omni diligentia requisivisse per N. O. Subcollectorem seu deputatum meum in hac parte, de quovis Beneficio et Promocbe Ecctica in quadam Schedula pntibus annexa specificatis, sumas dCe prime solucbis dcorum quatuor Subsidiorum pro dfis Beneficiis et Promotionibus debitas, et solvendas dcfo secundo die Octobris ultimo preter, prout in eadem Schedula pntibus annexa plenius liquet et apparet; Sed dCas sumas ex causis in eadem Schedula allegatis recipere non potui. In cujus rei testimonium, sigillum meum pntiby apposui. Dat die

mensis Anno Dfii : The Fourme of wd Schedule above mentioned enseweth:

Civitas L. vel Deconatus de H. A. B. Rector, vel Vicarius ibm monitus suit apud predict die

ulf preter per N. O. subcollectorem seu deputatum meum, ad solvend apud Ecctiam de L. in coni R. die proX sequent solutionem sive illam partem d Corum quatuor Subsidiorum per ipsum debitam

secundo die Octobris ulf pret pro Promocbne sua predca. Sed predCus A. B. nec apud Ecctam de L. predcam eodem die nec alibi per quinquaginta dies postea, sumam per ipsum debitam (ut prefertur)

solvit vel satisfecit: neq^ dicam suinmain de proficuis dcfe promotionis nec de bonis et catallis dci A. B. aliquo modo levare, sive recipere potui. Provided alwaies, That if any Parson or Incumbent, chargeable by this Act or Graunt to any Payment of these sower Subsidies, or any part thereof, shall proffer to tender Payment of any summe due, to the Archbishop or Bishopp or to the Deane and Chapter where the See is void, or to any Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies of any Archbishopp Bishopp or Deane and Chapter aforesaid, at any tyme before the Certificate exhibited into the Excheq' as is aforesaid, that then notwithstanding the Certificate made as is aforesaid against any such person, the said Incumbent, or Person against whome the Certificate was soc made, shall and may averr the Offer or Tender of his Payment as is aforesaid, And of the same shalbe tried, either by sufficient Witnesses, before the Lord Treasorer and Barons of the Exchequer, or by the Triall of twelve Men upon any Yssue thereupon to bee joyned betwixt the said Incumbent and any other person or persons, that he or any for him did offer or tender Payment of the sume due as aforesaid, w* being found for the Incumbent, then everie such Incumbent shall have and enjoye his Promotion or Promotions still, wuout Forfeiture or loosinge to yo' Ma"* yo' Heires or Successo'’ any the Profittf thereof, and as though no Certificate or Default of any such Payment had bin made or exhibited; Any Thing in this present Graunt or Act to the contrarie notwithstanding: And further. That it may be enacted likewise, That every Archbishopp and Bishopp, and Deane and Chapter of everie See vacant, and other persons chargeable to and w'" the Collection of these Subsidies wu,in the said Province of Canterbury, shall and may have upon everie Payment of the same Subsidies, made to the Lord High Treasurer or Under Tresorer of England for the tyme beinge, or to such other person or personcs in place and places to whome and where it shall please yo' Highnes or yo’ Court of Excheq* to appoint for the Receipt thereof, at every of the aforesaid tymes of payment, a sufficient Acquittance Dischardge or Quietus est in Writing of the aforesaid Lord High Treasorer or Under Treasorer, or of such other person or persons as eyther yo' Highnes or yo* said Court of Excheq' shall assigne for the Receipt thereof, or as heeretofore in the like Cases it hath bin accustomed, the same Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est witnessing the Receipt of so much of the same summe of the said Subsidies as shalbe so receaved ; And everie such Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est in Writing, subscribed w"‘ the Name or Names of the Lord Highe Treasurer or Under Treasurer for the tyme being, or of such Audito' or other person or persons as it shall please yo' Highnes or yo' said Court of Excheq' to appoint for the same Receipt, or of such others as heretofore in like Cases it hath bin used, shall and may be good and cffectuall in the Law, and be also as sufficient a discharge to all and everie of the said Collecto", to all such Intcntes Constructions and Purposes, as if the same were made by Act of Parlament: And that everie of the said Collecto" shall paie but onelie three shilling^ sower pence for everie generall or finall Acquittance, Discharge or Quietus est, for everie Payment of the said sower Subsidies: And if any person so assigned shall refuse or delaie to make such a generall or finall Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est, for any payment of the said sower Subsidies, or shall require and take for the same any more then three shillingf sower pence, or yf any other Officer of the Excheq' shall require and take of any Collecto* or Collecto", or of his or their Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies, in respect of the Collection Payment or Accompt of the said Subsidies or any part thereof, or for expedition or for any other cause or pretence


13 B

Form of such Certificate i

and Schedule to be annexed.

Incumbent may tender the Sum due, at any Time before Certificate it exhibited.

Acquittance! to Collector! paying Siibsidicf to Lord Treasurer:

Feel thereon j

Penalty on Neglect or Extortion in the Officers of the Exchequer, .1'to.

1106

3° Jac. I. c. 25. A.D. 1605-6-

Particular Acquittance* by Collectors to Incumbents.

Names of Deputy Collectors shall be certified.

Twenty Days after Demand allowed for Payment, without Fees, See.

No Spiritual Promotions shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

Deans, &c. chargeable for their Promotions.

Exemption of Revenues of Cathedrals, See. appropriated to the Poor, &c.

Certificate of such Revenues.

Persons paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy.

Exemption for Lands of Chauntries, See. vested in the Crown under Stat. I Edw.VI. c. la. or since, as Lanas concealed, Sec.

whatsoever concerning the same, any Fees or Summes of Money, other then are before in this present Graunt expreslie allowed unto them, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten poundes of lawfull Money of England, to be paid and recovered in like manner and to the same uses as is before limitted and expressed in this Statute towching the like forfeitures of Receavors and Audito": And also that everie particular Acquittance w* upon any payment of any of the said Subsidies shalbe made by any Collecto' or Collecto" of the same Subsidies, or of any payment of them, or by his or their Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies in that behalf, to any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promotion Spirituall, or to any person or persons contributorie & chargeable to and w,h the same Subsidies, or any part or payment of them, shall be good & effectuall in Law, and a-full and sufficient discharge to everie such Incumbent, and other person, and his Benefice and Promotion Spirituall, of and for all such Summe and Summes of Money as by the same Acquittance shalbe acknowledged to be receaved, in respect of the same Benefice or Promotion Spirituall, for any Paiment or any part of the same Subsidies; And that none Acquittance of any other person or persons made before such Certificate shall in any wise discharge any person or promotion, for any part or payment of his said Subsidies, nor of any Payne Penaltie or Forfeiture specified in this Graunt: And to the intent it may be knowen to the Court of Excheq' who be the Undercollecto' or Undercollecto" Deputie or Deputies of everie such Archbishopp Byshopp or Deane 8c Chapter, authorized to receave the same, and to make Acquittance thereof, every Archbishopp Bishopp and Deane and Chapter of any See being voyd, shall yerely, together with their Certificats afore mentioned, certifie the Names of every the Undercollecto" or Deputies to be appointed as is aforesayd: Provided alwaies, that no Collecto' of these Subsidies or of any parte of them, shall use any Processe or compulsorie Meanes, or exact anye Fees or Sommes of Money for the same, or otherwise of any person for not paying the sayd Subsidies or any part thereof, at such certaine day and place as shalbe by the Collecto' or his Undercollecto' or Deputy prefixed, in case the sayd person shall tender the same unto the Collecto' or his Undercollecto' or Deputy within twenty dayes next after such prefixed day; and that the sayd Collecto" shall not by themselves or any others, take of any person for the Receipt of any severall payment of the sayd Subsidies and for his Acquittance thereupon, any more then foure pence, by any collo' or pretext whatsoever: Provyded alwaies, that no Spirituall Promoc&ns, or any Lands Possessions or Revenewes annexed to the same, being charged by this Graunt of the Province of Canterbury, or any Good? or Chattellf growing being or renewing upon the same, or elswhere apperteyning to the Owners of the said Spirituall Promoc&ns or to any of them, shall be charged or made contributory to any Fiitene or Tenth, or to any other Subsidy already graunted to yo' Highnes by the Layetie, or hereafter to be graunted during the time appointed by this Graunt for the payment of the sayd foure Subsidies: Provyded also, That all Deanes Archdeacons Dignities Masters Wardens 8c Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colledges, or any of them, within the sayd Province, shalbe charged with these Subsidies for those Possessions Revennues 8c Pmoc&ns only wch to their severall Promotions Dignities and Roomes are cleerely and distinctly lymitted, and to their only use severed, thereof to pay (the Tenth pte being deducted) for every and each of the sayd foure Subsidies foure shillingf of every full Pound, in manner and forme as is above rehearsed: And that all those Rents Possessions Profittf Porc&ns Hereditam'f and Spirituall Promof&ns, and every of them, heretofore by yo' Highnes or any of the King? or Queenes of this Realme, or any other person or persons whatsoever, given graunted bequeathed devised or impropriated unto the sayd Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or to any of them, wth anie wayes be assigned imployed or used either for or toward? the yearely Mainten*nce of Readers of Divinity Pore Men Scholemasters Ushers Grammarians Petty Cannons Conduct? Vicars Chorall Singingmeu Choristers Virgers Sextens, or of any other necessary or dayly Officers or Ministers in such Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or any of them, or for or toward? their reedifying or repairing of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, shall not be charged with any part of these Subsidies; The certaintie of w0" Porc&ns, aswell chargeable to these Subsidies as not chargeable in this behalfe, the Archbishopp, or Bishopp of y* Dyocesse, or (the See being voyd) the Deane 8c Chapter, or any other to whom the same shall or may appertaine, upon due Search 8c Examination, shall certifie under his or their Seales into yo' Highnes said Court of Excheq' at or before the severall Retoumes aforesayd appointed for the payment? of the sayd foure Subsidies: Provyded alwayes, that every Parson Vicar or Spirituall person paying any Pension whereof no Allowance is made in the Valuac&n of his Promoc&n or Benefice, shall and may retaine to his owne use and reliefe so much of every pounde of every such Pension for every payment of the said foure Subsidies as he standeth charged by this Graunt to pay for every part and payment of the sayd foure Subsidies out of every pound for the whole valuac&n of his Spirituall Promoc&n; Any Coven"nte Graunt or Bond to the contrary notwithstanding: Provyded also, and yo' sayd Prelates 8c Clergie do most humbly beseech yo' Highnes that it may be enacted by yo' Ma'? Authoritie and yo' High Court of Parlament, That where certeine Land? Tenement? Rent? Spirituall Promoc&ns Tithes Pensions Porf&ns Fruit? and other Hereditament?, lately belonging to divers Cathedrall Churches, and to other places and persons Ecclesiasticall within the sayd Province of Canterbury, wch were given and assigned to be bestowed and spent in and on finding and mainteyning of certaine Chauntries Anniversaries Obites Light? Lampes, and other like Charges Intent? and Purposes, of late came into the Handes and Possessions of the late King of famous memory Edward the Sixt, by force of a Statute thereof made in the first yere of his Reigne, as by the saide Statute more plainely appeareth ; That the Cathedrall Churches and the Bishopps Deanes or President? 8c Chapters and Prebendaries of the same, and all other places and persons Ecclesiasticall and every of them, to whom the sayd Land? Rent? and other the premisses or any of them did lately appertaine, shall not during the tyme appointed by this Graunt for the payment of the said foure Subsidies, be charged to 8c w"1 any payment of Subsidie, of and for that parte 8c porc&n of Land? Tenement? Rent? Spirituall Promoc&ns and other Hereditament? or any of them, whereunto the said late King by force of the sayd Statute was intituled or possessed of, nor of any yerely Rent? or Payment? goinge out of the sayd Cathedrall Churches 8t other the places and persons Ecclesiasticall aforesayd;

bvGotgle

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 25

1107

4

4

!>

k

4

i

4

k

i

b

I

I

t

I

I

t

i

t

I

i

I

i

I

i

I

i

i

i

I

i

i

l


i

i

i

i

i

I

I

I

And that Deduction and Allowance thereof be made to them and every of them accordingly, in and upon every payment of the sayd Subsidies, out of the whole Valuacfin Taxation and Estima£&n made for the payment of the sayd perpetuall Disme or Tenth remayning of Record in yor Highnes Courte of Exchequer as aforesayd, for the rate and porcbn of Lands Tenementf Rents Spuall Promotions and other Hereditament^ and those yerely paymentf whereunto the sayd late King was intituled or possessed of, or which since the making of the sayd Statute, by reason that they have bin found as Lands Tenementf Rents Tithes or other Hereditamentf concealed from the sayd late King Edward the Sixt, the late King Henry the Eight, the late Queene Mary, the late Queene Elizabeth, or any of them, or from your Ma'1', or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the said Cathedral Churches and other places and persons aforesayd or of any of them by force of the Statute premised or any otherwise: Provyded also, That these foure Subsidies graunted by the Clergie, or any part of them or any of them, shall not be demaunded or leavyed out of any Benefice Howse of Students or Colledgf, scituate or sett within either of the Universities of Cambridge or Oxford, or any Benefice Lands or other Revenues unto the said Universities or either of them, or to any House of Students or Colledge in any of the said Universities, united appropriated or apperteyning, or out of any Benefice Lands or Revenues of the Colledge of Windsor, or of the Colledge of Westminster, or of the Colledge of Eaton nere Windsor, or of the Colledge called S' Mary Colledge by Winchester, founded by William Wickham sometime Bishopp of Winchester, or of any Hospitallf Aimes Houses or Grammer Scholes, or of any Church Benefice or other Revenues, to the said Colledges Hospitallf Aimes Houses or Grammer Scholes or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwise appteyning: Provyded alwaies, That all Parsons Vicars & all other Ecclesiasticall persons, whose Benefices are not above Six pounds thirtene shillingf foure pence by the yeare, after the Taxac&n aforesayd, shall not be charged w,h these sower Subsidies or any pte of the same: Provided also, That every Vicar whose Benefice is Eight pounds or above & not above Ten pounds by the yere after the Taxac&n aforesayd, shall pay unto yo' Highnes yo' Heires and Successo", at every of the aforesayd ten paymentf of the sayd Foure Subsidies afore lymitted Five shillingf, and at the last paym‘ of these Fower Subsidies, Three shillingf & foure pence, at such times and to such persons as is aforesaid, for his parte of the said Subsidies ; And if any Vicaredge be under Eighte pounds in the Taxac&n aforesayd, the Incumbent shall not be charged with any parte or payment of the said Foure Subsidies. And for the sure and true payment of these Fower Subsidies, graunted by yo' said Prelatf and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, according to the teno' purport effect and true meaning of this pnte Graunt, Yor sayd Prelates and Clergie most humbly desire yo' Highnes that this their sayd Gifte Graunt and Subsidies, and every Matter summe of Money Petic&n Clause Provif&ns Reservac&ns and Sentences in this Instrument conteyned concerning the sayd Subsidies, may be ratified established and confirmed by the Authoritie of yor Highnes Court of Parliament. In quorum omnium et singulorum praemissop fidem et testimonium, Nos Richardus Archiepiscopus Cantuariensis antedictus, has presentes Iras nras testimoniales, sive hoc presens publicum Instrumentum, ad humilem rogatum Praelatorum et Cleri prsedictorum, Sigilli nostri appensione ac signo nomine et subscriptione Johannis Coston notarii publici jussimus et fecimus communiri. Datum ddo secundo die mensis Aprilis, Anno Dni millesimo sexcentesimo sexto, regniq^, vri felicissimi scift Angt Franciae et Hiberniae, quarto, et Scotiae tricesimo nono, & nras Translations Anno secundo.

Wherefore for the true and sure payment of the said Subsidies, graunted by the said Prelates and Cleargie of the said Province of Canterbury, accordinge to the Teno' Effect and true Meaninge of the said Instrument, Be it enacted by the Kinges most Excellent Ma,y with the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this present Parlament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same. That the said Guift Graunte and every Matter sume of Money Petic&n Provision Clause and Sentence in the same Instrument conteyned, shall stand and be ratified established and confirmed by the Authoritie of this present Parlament.

And Further be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That every person that shalbe appointed to the collection and gatheringe of the said Subsidies, shall have full power and authoritie to levie take and perceave the said Subsidies by the Authoritie of the Censures of the Church, That is to saie, by Suspenc&n Excomunicac&n or Interdiction, and also by Sequestrac&n of the Fruitf and Profittf of their Benefices and Promotions Spirituall, in whose Hands soever they be, and to make sale of the same Fruitf, without danger of the Lawes of this Realme; or by Distresse upon the Possessions of the Farmo'* or Occupiers of the Lands and Tenementf, chardgeable by the said Instrument, for or to the payment of anie sume or sumes of Money to be due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discretion of the Collecto' thereof; And that no Replevy Prohibic&n or Supersedeas shalbe allowed or obeyed for anie persons makinge default of the payment of the said Subsidies, or anie of them, contrary to the tenor of the Graunt thereof, untill such time as they have trulie satisfied and contented all such partes and porc&ns as to them in that behalfe appertayneth : And that every such Farmo' and Farmo", their Executors and Assignes, that shall fortune hereafter to be chardged to or w* the payment of the said Subsidies or any parte thereof, shall by the authority aforesaid be allowed and retaine in his Handes as much of his yeerely Rent and Farme as the sume wch he shall fortune to paie for his Lord or Leasour shall extend unto ; Except that the said Farmo' or Farmo'* their Executo" or Assignes, by the Lease & Graunte that they have of any pte of the Landes Tithes Proffittf and Tenementf chardgeable to the said Subsidies, or by force of any Coven"nte or Article therein conteyned, be bound and chardged to paie the same, and thereof to dischardge the Leasour and Landlord duringe the Tearrue menconed in the said Lease.

And likewise be it enacted by the Authoritie of this present Parlament, That whereas divers Curates liable to these Subsidies beinge oftentimes removeable, do serve as well in divers Impropriations belonginge to the Kings Ma’*', as in other Spirituall Promotions belonginge to other persons; That for the speedie Recovery of the said Subsidies, it

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, See.

Benefices not exceeding £6. 13. 4.

Vicarages from s£8. toj£to. to pay its. 41I. to each Subsidy,

These Subsidies to be confirmed by Parliament:

Such Subsidies confirmed by Parliament, accordingly.

II.

The said Subsidies shall be levied by Spiritual Censures, or by Distress; and when paid by Farmers shall be allowed nut of their Rents; unless on express Covenant to the contrary.

III.


1108

3° Jac. I. c.25, 26.

y^. A1605-6.

Subsidies upon Impropriations may be levied on the Farmers thereof.

Distresses may be appraised and sold.

IV.

Lay Impropriators shall be charged under this Act for their Spiritual Promotions.

V.

Subsidies of the Province of York shall be collected under this Act.

VI.

All Provisions in the Grants confirmed.

may be lawfull to the said Collecto' or Collecto" of the said Subsidies, their Deputie or Deputies, to levie the said Subsedies upon the Farmo* or Farmo" or Occupiers of all such Impropriac&ns or Spirituall Promotions, by all Censures of the Church aforesaid and every of them, or by way of Distresse of Tithes of the said Impropriac&n or Impropriac&ns and Spirituall Promotions, or otherwise upon the Goods and Chattellf of the said Farmo' and Farmo™ and Occupiers, In wch case no Inhibic&n Prohibic&n Replevie or other Processe awarded to the contrarie, shalbe obeyed; Any Lawes Statutes Priviledgf or Customes to the contrary hereof, heretofore made graunted or used, or hereafter to be made graunted or used, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And that yt may bee lawfull to the Collecto", and other Officers and Ministers of such Archbishopp Bishopp Deane and Chapter, for not payment of the said Subsidies after the same shall be due in or at any of the said tymes of payment, to prise and valew the said Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent Neighbo" by him to be chosen, and for the Distresse and Distresses so prised to sell, and thereof to deteyne so much Money as shall amount to the sume payeable to the Kinges Ma'3', wth the reasonable Chardges also of the said Collecto' susteined in that behalfe; and the rest of the Money made of the saide Distresse, to bee delyvered and payed to the Owner and Occupier thereof.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authorise aforesaid, That every Laie person havinge Spirituall Promotion chardgeable by this Act, and alsoe havinge Temporall Possessions Goods Chatties & Debtes charged to the said Subsedies graunted in this Parlament by the Temporalitie, shalbe taxed chardged and sett for the said Spirituall Promotions w,h the Cleargie, and his Temporall Possessions and Chattellf Reall w,h the Temporalitie, and not otherwise; Any Thinge before menc&ned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all and every Graunte and Grauntf of all and every sume and sumes of Money graunted, or wch hereafter shall be graunted to the Kings Ma,ie by the Cleargie of the Province of Yorke, shalbe of the same strength force and effect in all thinges as the said Graunte made by the said Province of Caunterbury; and shalbe taxed certified collected levied gathered and payed, according to the teno' forme and effect of this present Act of Parlament, to all Intentf Constructions and Purposes, in such manner and forme as though it were speciallie plainelie and particularlie expressed and rehersed in this present Act, by expresse Words Termes and Sentences in their severall Natures and Kindes.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That all Provisions before rehearsed, conteyned or to be conteyned in the said Graunt of the Prelatf and Cleargie of the Province of Canterburie, and the like of the same Provisoes conteyned in the said Graunte of the Prelates and Cleargie of the Province of Yorke, shall be good and effectuall, and to be observed and kept in every Point and Article, accordinge to the purporte and true meaninge of the same.

Motive! for Grant of Subsidies;

CHAPTER XXVI. (‘)

An Acte for the Grant of Three entire Subsidies and Six Fifteenes and Tenthes granted by the Temporally.

MOST Gratious Soveraigne, as at the first entrance of your Majestie into this Kingdome there appeared universally in all your loving Subjects greater demonstration of Affection towards your Royall Person then ever hath beene observed towards any former King upon a joyfull and forerunning expectation of your Majesties religious just and gratious Govemement; so finding by the grounded experience of Three yeares now compleate of the same yo' happie Government that your Majestie hath turned our hopes into sensible and actuall Benefittf, We cannot but still settle and encrease in Love Zeale and Dutie towards you, which We thinke fitt more and more to make manifest to your Majestie, not by exteme Shewes but by reall Effects; And therefore We your most loving and loyall Subjects being by your Royall Authoritie assembled in Parliament to consult of the great and important Causes of this yo' Kingdome, have entered into due consideration both of yo' Majesties great Benefittf and of yo' present Estate (in the support whereof, the contynuance of those Benefites doth principally consist); Wherein We doe in first place call to minde that by Gods great Mercies and Blessing and yo' Majesties religious Care in Execution of the good Lawes for that purpose ordained, the true Religion of Almightie God freed and delivered from the servitude of blinde and forraigne Superstition, is contynued unto us, and that in such sorte as considering yo' Majesties constant and judiciall profession thereof, and the religious Education of your Children, We rest assured that under Gods Favour we shall comfortably enjoy the same to Us and our Posteritie for ever: Next to Religion and Peace with God, We will remember that univWl Peace of Estate both at Home and Abroade which under yo' Christian and prudent Government We enjoy, whereof Wee have the lesse reason to doubt any interruption, when We behold the greatnes and reputation of your Majesties Power, and the goodnes and excellencie of yo' Royall Disposif&n, whereof the later is not like to give the Cause or Occasion, and the former is like to abate the Courage and Forces of any hostile Attemptf; And lastly we cannot but with unspeakable joy of heart consider of that blessing which having respect to latter times in this State, is rare and unwonted, which is the blessed Fruite and Royall Yssue of singular towardnes and comfort which God hath given to your Majestie with great hope of many the like; these being indeed as Arrowes

1 From the Original Act. See Note at beginning of this Year.


.uJ

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

1109

in the Hand of the Mightie, able to daunt yor Enemyes, and to assure yo' loving Subjects, and to safegard yo' Royall Person, and to sheild and protect each other, and to be a pledge to Us and our Posteritie of future and pdurable felicitie; These Benefites and Blessingf (dread Soveraigne) amongst many others as We gladly acknowledg to yo' Majesties great Honour and our great Comfort, so neverthelesse having upon mature Advise concluded to present to your Majestie a Guift in proportion and speed of payment exceeding all former presidents of Parliament (the times of Peace considered) We doe further thinke fit to adde and expresse those reasons speciall and extraordinarie which have moved Us therunto least the same our doings may be drawne into president, to the prejudice of the State of our Countrie and our Posteritie: A first and principall reason is, that late monstrous Attempt of that accursed crew of desperate Papistf to have destroyed yor Excellent Majestie, the Queene, and yor Royall Progenie, together with the Reverend Prelates Nobillitie and Comons of this Land assembled in Parliament, to the great confusion yf not subversion of this Kingdome; this barbarous mallice in some unnatural Subjects We have thought fitt to check and encounter with this certaine demonstration of the universall and redoubted love of yor loyall and faithfull Subjects, not only for the present to breede in yor Majestie a more confident Assurance of our utmost Aydes in proceeding with a princely resolution to represse them, and to furnish yo1 Majestie against hostile Aitemptf both by Sea and Land, but also for the future times, to give them their Patrons and Partakers to understand, that yo' Majestie can never want in this Kingdome meanes of Defence of yor Rightes Revenge of yo' Wrongs and Support of yo' Estate : A second reason is, that memorable Benefit wherwith it hath pleased the Divine Providence in great Grace and Favour to blesse this Nation in your Majesties person by addition of another Kingdome, whereby both ancient Hostilities are quite extinguished, and all Footing and Approaches of any Forraigner in this Island are excluded, and yo' Majesties other Dominions the more secured, which happie Event was neverthelesse attended with sundrie rare and necessarie circumstances of Charge now at yo' Majesties first entrance and selling, such as the like hath not been in former times, nor is like to be in succeeding Ages: A third and most urgent reason is, the great and excessive Charge which the unnaturall Warrs of Ireland newly finished before our late renowned Queenes Decease did necessarily impose upon yo' Majestie, by drawing with it a long traine of after Expence even in yo' Majesties time till the Peace thereof were throughlie setled and assured, which Kingdome is now since yo' Majesties time become in the vastest Provinces therof capable of the plantation of Religion Justice Civillitie and Population, and may in no long time arise to be a most profitable and opulent Member of yo' Imperiall Crowne: A fourth reason ariseth from the great contentment and joy which We have in the remembrance of your Majesties most gratious Disposition to the good of yo' People, testified as well at yo' first entrance into this Kingdome by the princely care you tooke out of yo' own Royall Minde to free them by your Proclamation from any burdens of Monopolies and other unlawfull things which then remayned in use, as also of late yo' comfortable Messages sent unto Us during this Session of Parliament purporting the contynuance of like gratious intention towards them, where just occasion of griefe should appeare; which joy of ours hath bred a desire in Us to expresse in more then ordinary maner our extraordinarie and humble Thanks unto yo1 Majestie for the same and to make it appeare on our partes that We will at no time omyt any testimonies of Love and Dutie towards yo' Majestie that may procure or deserve the perfecting and accompli..ing of so princely a worke (so well begun) of Grace and Favour towards Us, it being farre from our dispositions to entertaine any such unthankfullness into our harts as not cheerfully to assist with our Goods and Substance and all other Duties of Subjects such a Soveraigne by whome we find ourselves so tenderly regarded : Thus (gratious Soveraigne) out of these extraordinarie Reasons and Considerations, as also out of our great Love and Affection towards yo' Majesties Person Vertues and Felicities, We doe with all humble and cheerfull Affections present to your Majestie Three Subsidies and Six Fyfteenths and Tenths: And We doe most humblie beseeche your Majestie that it may be enacted by authoritie of this present Parliament in manner and forme following, that is to say: That your Majestie shall have Six whole Fifteenths and Tenthes, to be taken paid and levied of the moveable Goods Chattells and other Things usuall to such Fifteenes and Tenths to be contributorie and chargeable, within the Shires Citties Burroughes Townes and other Places of this yo' Majesties Realme, in maner and forme aforesaid used ; (Except the some of 36000 ti. therof fully to be deducted That is to say, 6000 ti. of everie of the said whole Fifteenes and Tenths, in Reliefe Comfort and Discharge of the poore Townes Citties and Burroughes of this yo' said Realme, wasted desolate or destroyed or over greatly impoverished after such Rate as was and hath afore this time beene had and made to everie Shire, and to be devided in such maner and forme as heertofore for one whole Fyfteene and Tenth hath beene had and devided: And the same Six Fyfteenths and Tenths (the Exception and Deduction aforesaid therupon had deducted and allowed) to be paid in maner and forme following, That is to say; The first of the said whole Fyfteenths and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be paid to yo' Highnes in one entyre payment in the Receipt of yor Exchequer, on or before the first day of August next coming; And the second of the said sixe whole Fyfteenthes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be paid to yo' Highnes in one entyre payment in the said Receipte of yo' Exchequer on or before the first day of May, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God one thowsand six hundreth and seaven ; And the third of the said Sixe whole Fyfteenthes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be paid to yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the said Receipt of yor Exchequer, on or before the first day of November, wch shall be in the said yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and seaven; And the fourth of the said whole Fyfteenthes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be paid to yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the said Receiptf of yo' Exchequer on or before the first day of May which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and eight; And the fist of the said whole Fyfteenthes and Tenthes (except before excepted) to be paid to yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the said Receipte of yo' Exchequer on or before the first day of May, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and nine; And the sixt and last of the saide Sixe whoale Fyfteenths and Tenths (except before excepted) to be paid to yo' Highnes in one entire payment in the said Receipte of yo' Exchequer, on or before the first day of May which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and ten.

Popish Plot}

Union of Scotland j

Wars in Ireland;

The King's gracious Disposition j

Grant of Six whole Fifteenths and Tenths on Personalty, (deducting .£'6,000 out of tacn for Poor Towns, See.) payable, the Firil on 1 Aug. 1606, the Sec.hkI and Third on 1 May and 1 November 1607, the Fourth, Fifth, and Sialh 011 1 May 1608, 1609, and 1610.


‘3 C

G<X»

1110

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

A.D. 1605-6.

n.

Collectors shall be appointed by the Members of this Parliament for the aeveral Shires, See.

Qualification of Collectors.

Such Collectors shall be allotted to sereral Divisions, and chargeable for the tame severally;

and their Names certified into Chancery;

or in Default, such Collectors shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor

Their Allowance;

Process against them.

And Be it further enacted by the aucthoritie aforesaid, That the Knightf elected and retourned of and for the Shires within this Realme for this present Parliament, Cittizens of Citties, Burgesses of Burroughes and Townes, where Collecto" have been used to be named and appointed for the Collection of any Fyfteene and Tenth before this time granted, shall name and appoint before the first day of June next coming, sufficient and able persons to bee Collectours for the Collection of the said first of the said Fyfteenths and Tenths; and alsoe shall likewise name and appoint before the first day of March, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and six, other sufficient and able persons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the said second of the said Fyfteenths and Teuths; and alsoe shall likewise name and appoint before the first day of September, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven, other sufficient and able persons to bee Collecto" for the Collection of the said third Fyfteene and Tenth; and also shall likewise name and appoint before the first day of March, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and seaven, other sufficient and able persons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the said fourth Fyfteene and Tenthe; And also shall likewise name and appoint, before the first day of March, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and eight, other sufficient and able persons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the said fifte Fyfteene and Tenth ; And shall likewise name and appoint, before the first day of March which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and nine, other sufficient and able psons to be Collecto" for the Collection of the said sixt Fyfteene and Tenth in every of the said Shires Cities Burroughes and Townes; the said persons so to be named and appointed to be Collecto" for the Collection of the said first Fyfteene and Tenth, and also of the saide second Fyfteene and Tenth; and also of the said third Fyfteene and Tenth, and also of the said fourth Fyfteene and Tenth, and also of the sayde fyfte Fyfteene and Tenth, and also of the said sixt Fyfteene and Tenth, then having Landes Tenementf and other Hereditamentf in their owne Right, of an Estate of Inheritance of the yearelie value of forty Poundes, or in Goods worth sour hundreth pounds at the least each of them, after such Rate and Value as he or they shalbe assessed and rated at in the Subsidie Booke, if any such bee in the said lymittes, and for want of such so assessed, that those shalbe appointed Collecto" that then shalbe rated and taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Lands or Goods neerest to the severall values aforesaid; And also such person and persons so by them to be named and appointed for the Collection of the said Six Fifteenes and Tenths, shalbe by them severally appointed and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Citties Burroughes and Townes; And also the said persons so named and appointed for the Collection of the saide severall Fyfteenes and Tenthes, shalbe severally charged and chargable, upon his or their Accompt or Accomptf in the Exchequr to be made, with all suche s5me and somes of Money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Citties Burroughes and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appointed shall amounte unto, and of no more some or somes; And upon the payment of suche s5mes of Money as he or they shalbe so charged with, shalbe discharged and have his and their Quietus est; The not accompting or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or the insufficiency of them or any of them notwithstanding; And the Names and Surnames of every of the said Collecto" for the said first Fyfteene and Tenth, togeather with the places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the saide Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses, for the Shires Citties and Burroughes wherunto they be allotted named and returned, shall certifie before the Kings Majestie in the Chancerie before the first day of July next coming; and likewise also the Names and Surnames of everie of the said Collecto" so to be named and appointed for the Collection of the said second of the said Fyfteenes and Tenthes, together with the Places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the said Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the said Court of Chancerie before the first day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven; and likewise also the Names and Surnames of everie of the said Collecto" so to be named and appointed for the Collection of the said third Fyfteene and Tenth, together with the Place allotted to their Collection and Charge, the said Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the said Court of Chancerie before the first day of October, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundred and seaven; and likewise the Names and Surnames of every of the said Collecto" so to be named and appointed for the Collection of the said fourth Fyfteene and Tenth, together with the places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the said Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the said Court of Chancerie before the first day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and eight; and likewise the names and surnames of every of the said Collecto" so to be named and appointed for the Collection of the said fifte Fyfteenth and Tenth, together with the places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the said Knightf Citizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the said Court of Chancerie before the first day of Aprill, which shall bee in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred and nyne ; and likewise the names and surnames of every of the said Collecto" so to be named and appointed for their collection of the said sixte Fyfteene and Tenth, together with the places allotted to their Collection and Charge, the said Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the said Court of Chancerie before the first day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundred and ten, according to the tenour of this Act: And yf defaulte of any such certifieng be had or made in forme as is aforesaid, then the Lord Chancello' of England, or Keeper of the Great Seale for the time being, shall ymediately after, name and appoint Collecto" for the Collection of every of the said Fyfteenes and Tenths, in such like maner and forme as the said Knightes of Shires Cittizens of Citties, and Burgesses of Burroughes should have done, and as aforetime hath been used; The which said Collecto", and every of them so to be named and appointed as is aforesaid, shall have Allowance upon their Accomptf for their Fees Wages and Rewardes for the Collection oi the said Fyfteenes and Tenthes, in as large maner and forme as any Collecto1 or Collecto" of any Fyfteene and Tenth have had at any season in time past; And that the Barons of the Kings Exchequer for the tyme being, shall and may from time to time award such processe for speedy Payment of the said severall Fyfteenes and Tenthes against the Collecto' or Collecto" of the same, as by their Discretions shalbe thought convenient.

Digged by Goo

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

ini

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That the said Lord Chancello’ or Keeper of the Great Seale for the time being, Knightf of the Shires, Cittizens of Citties, Burgesses of Burroughes Townes and other Places, haveing authoritie by this present Act to nominate the said Collecto" of or for the Collection of the said severall Fyfteenes and Tenthes, shall upon their Nomination and Election had and made, take by authoritie of this present Parliament sufficient Recognizances or Obligations of every person so by them to be named, to be bound to the Kings Majestie in the double s5me of the some of their Collection, and to be endorsed upon such Condition, that if the same Collecto' and Collecto" of the said first Fifteene and Tenth, and likewise the Collecto' or Collecto" of the said second Fyfteene and Tenth, and likewise the Collecto' or Collecto" of the said third Fyfteene

and Tenth, and likewise the Collecto' or Collecto" of the said fourth Fyfteene and Tenth, and likewise the Collecto'

or Collecto" of the saide fifte Fyfteene and Tenth, and likewise the Collecto' or Collecto" of the said sixt Fyfteene

and Tenth, doe truely content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie in his Receipte of his Exchequer for the

said first Fyfteene & Tenth, at or before the said first day of August next coming, and for the said second Fyfteene and Tenth at or before the said first day of May which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven, and for the said third Fyfteene and Tenth, at or before the said first day of November which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven, and for the said fourth Fyfteene and Tenth at or before the said first day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and eighte, and for the said fifte Fifteene and Tenth at or before the said first day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundred and nyne, and for the said sixt Fyfteene and Tenth, at or before the said first day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand sixe hundred and ten, so much of the sayd some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection as the same Collecto' shall have collected and gathered, and doe likewise, after the said first day of August next coming, and the said first day of May, which shalbe in the yeare of o' Lord God One thowsand sixe hundred and seaven, and the said first day of November which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven, and the said first day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundred and eight, and the said first day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundred and nyne, and the said first day of May w^ shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and ten, content and pay to the Kings Majesties use at the same Receipt of the Exchequer, the Residue of his Collection and Charge, within one Moneth next after such time as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizance or Obligation to be voyd, or els to stand in his full strength and power; which Recognizaunces or Obligations so taken, the same Knightes of the Shires Cittizens and Burgesses, and every of them taking any such Recognizance or Obligation, shall certifie and deliver to the Lord Treasorer and Barons of the same Exchequer, before the said first day of August next cominge, and the said first day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundred and seaven, and the first day of November, which shalbe in the said yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and seaven, and the first day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and eight, and the first day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hnndreth and nyne, and the said first day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and ten; upon paine of Forfeiture of Ten Pounds to the Kings Majestie for everie Recognizance or Obligation so to be taken and not certified; And that every such Collecto' upon Request to him made, shall make and acknowledge the same Recognizance or Obligation accordingly, upon paine of Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds to the King for his refusall therof; And that the Threr and Barons of the Exchequer for the time being, upon Payment of the said Collection at the daies, shall cancell and deliver the said Recognizance or Obligation to the said Collecto' or Collecto" without any other Warrant, and without any Fee or Reward to be paid to any person for the same.

And Furthermore for the great and waightie considerations aforesayd, We the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comons of this present Parliament assembled, doe by our like assent and authoritie of this Parliament give and grant to your Highnes our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie your Heires and Successo", Three entyre Subsidies, to be rated taxed levied and paid at six severall Paymentf, of every person Spirituall and Temporal], of what Estate or Degree he or they be of, according to the tenour of this Act, in maner and forme following, That is to say; As well that everie person borne within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions, as all and every Fraternitie Guild Corporation Misterie Brotherhood and Cominalty, corporated or not corporated, within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Domynions, being worth Three pounds, for every pound as well in Coyne and the value of every pounde that everie such Person Fraternitie Guild Corporation Misterie Brotherhoode and Cominaltie, corporate or not corporate, hath of his or their owne or any other to his or their use, as also Plate Stocke of Marchandise, all manner of Corne and Grayne Houshould Stuffe and of all other Goods moveable, as well within this Realme as without, and of all such somes of money as to him or them is or shalbe owing, wherof he or they trust in his or their conscience surely to be paid, (Except and out of the Premisses deducted such somes of money as he or they owe, and in his or their consciences intendeth truly to pay, And except also the Apparell of every such person their Wives and Children belongeing to their owne Bodies, Saving Jewells Gold Silver Stone and Pearle), shall pay to and for the said first Subsidie in two severall paymentf. Two shillingf and eight pence of every pound, in maner and forme following ; that is to say, at the first payment of the said first Subsidie twenty pence of every pound, and to and for the second payment of the said first Subsidie twelve pence of every pound, and to and for the said second Subsidie in two severall paymentf. Two shillingf eight pence of every pound in maner and forme following; That is to say, at the first payment of the said second Subsidie the some of Twenty pence of every pound, and at the second payment of the said second Subsidie the some of Twelve pence of every pound;

III.

Such Collector! shall enter into Recognizance! for due Payment of the Fifteenths, See.

IV.

Grant of Three entire Subiidies on Personalty ; viz. On Subjects, above

is. 8d. per Pound, by Two Payments of is. 8d. and is. for each Subsidy.

1112

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

A.D. 1605-6.

On Aliena,

Cl. 4<1. per Ponnd, by Two Payment! of 31. ad. and ai. for each Subsidy.

Poll Tax on Aliens not liable to the Subsidies, 4<L on each of the Two Payments of Subsidy.

V.

Three Subsidies on Lands of 20s. per Ann. and upwards, ▼iz. Of Natives,

4s. in the Pound by Two Payments, as. 8d. and is. 4d. for each Subsidy.

Upon Aliens, Double the said Amounts respectively.

Exceptions 1

Mode of rating Personalty, &c.

and to and for the said third Subsidie in two severall paymentf, Two shiilingf eight pence of every pound, in maner and forme following, That is to say, at the first payment of the said third Subsidie, the some of Twenty pence of every pound, and at the second payment of the sayd third Subsidie the some of Twelve pence of every pound: And also every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Kings obeisaunce, as well Denizen as others, inhabiting within this Realme, of every pound that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of every pound in Plate Come Graine Marchandize Howshold stuffe or other Goods Jewellf Chattells moveable or unmoveable as is aforesaid, as well within this Realme as without, and of all somes of Money to him or them owing, whereof he or they trust in his or their consciences to be paid, (Except and out of the same premisses deducted every such some or somes of Money which he or they doe owe and in his or their conscience or consciences intend truly to pay), shall pay to and for the said first Subsidie at two severall paymentf, Five shiilingf and sour pence of every pound, in maner and forme following, that is to say, at the first payment of the said first Subsidie the some of Three shiilingf foure pence of every pound, and at the second payment of the said first Subsidie the some of Two shiilingf of everie pound; and to and for the said second Subsidie at two severall paymentf Five shiilingf and foure pence of everie pound, in maner and forme following, that is to say, at the first payment of the said second Subsidie the s5me of Three shiilingf foure pence of every pound, and at the second payment of the said second Subsidie the some of Two shiilingf of everie pound ; and to and for the said third Subsidie at two severall paymentf Fyve shiilingf and foure pence of every pound, in maner and forme following, that is to say, at the first payment of the said third Subsidie the some of Three shiilingf and foure pence of every pound, and at the second payment of the said third Subsidie the some of Two shiilingf of every pound : And also that every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Kings Dominions, being Denyzen or not Denyzen, not being contributorie to any the Rates aforesaid, and being of the Age of Seaven yeares or above, shall pay to and for the saide first payment of the said first Subsidie, sour pence for every Poll, and to and for the second payment of the said first Subsidie, foure pence for every Poll; and to and for the first payment of the said second Subsidie, sour pence for every Poll, and to and for the second payment of the said second Subsidie, sour pence for every Poll; and to and for the first payment of the said third Subsidie, sour pence for every Poll, and to and for the second payment of the saide third Subsidie, sour pence for ev’y Poll; And the Maister or he or she with whome the sayd Alien is or shalbe abiding at the time of the Taxacbn or Taxaf&ns therof, to be charged with the same for lack of payment thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That every person borne under the Kings Obeisance, and everie Corporation Fraternitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood and Cominalty, Corporate or not Corporat, for every pounde that everie of the same persons, and every Corporation Fraternitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood and Cominalty Corporate or not Corporate, or any other to his or their use, hath in Fee simple Fee tayle, for terme of Life, terme of Yeares, by Execution Wardshipp or by Copie of Court Roll, of and in any Hono" Castles Mano" Lands Tenementf Rents Services Hereditamentf Anuities Fees Corodies or other yearelie Profittf of the yearely value of Twenty shiilingf, as well within ancient Demeasne and other Places previledged as elsewhere, and so upward, shall pay to and for the said first Subsidie at two severall paymentf, foure shiilingf of and for every pound, in maner and forme following, that is to say, at the first payment of the said first Subsidie, Two shiilingf and eight pence of every pounde, and at the second payment of the said first Subsidie, the some of sixteene pence for every pound; and to and for the sa d second Subsidie, at two severall paymentf foure shiilingf of and for every pound in maner and forme following, that is to say, at the first payment of the said second Subsidie the some of Two shiilingf and eight pence, and at the second payment of the said second Subsidie the some of sixteene pence; and to and for the said third Subsidie, at two severall paymentf, Fower shiilingf of and for everie pound, in maner and forme following, that is to say, at the first payment of the said third Subsidie the some of Two shiilingf and eight pence, and at the second payment of the said third Subsidie the s5me of sixteen pence: And every Alien Denizen or not Denizen, borne out of the Kings Majesties Obeisance, in such case to pay to and for the sayd first Subsidie, in two severall paymentf, eight shiilingf of everie pound, in maner and forme following, that is to say, at the first payment of the said first Subsidie the some of five shiilingf and foure pence, and at the second payment of the said first Subsidie the some of two shiilingf and eight pence; and to and for the said second Subsidie, in two severall paymentf, eight shiilingf of everie pound, in maner and forme following, that is to say, at the first payment of the said second Subsidie the some of five shillings and sour pence of every pound, and at the second payment of the said second Subsidie the some of two shillings and eight pence of everie pound; and to and for the sayde third Subsidie, in two severall paymentf, eight shiilingf of every pound, in maner and forme following, that is to say, at the first payment of the said third Subsidie the some of five shilling,) foure pence of everie pound, and at the second payment of the said third Subsidie the some of two shiilingf eight pence of everie pound : And that all somes to be presented and chargable by this Act, either for Goods and Debts or either of them, or for Lands and Tenetnentf and other the premisses as is in this Act contained, shalbe at everie of the said paymentf sett and taxed after the Rate and Portion according to the true meaning of this Act; Lands and Tenementf chargeable to the Dismes of the Clergie, and yearly Wages due to servantf for their yearlie service, (other then the Kings servantf taking yearly Wages of five poundes or above onely excepted and foreprized); And that all Plate Coyne Jewells Goods Debts and Chattells Personalis, and all Lands Tenementf and other the premisses as aforesaid, being in the Rule and Custodie of any person or persons to the use of any Corporation Fraternitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood or any Cominalty, being Corporate or not Corporate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Act, at the value certified by the Presenters of that Certificate of everie pound in Goods and Debts as is abovesaid, and for every pound in Lands Tenementf Anuities Fees Corrodies and other yearlie Proffittf as is aforesaid j and the somes that are above rehersed sett and taxed, to be


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c.26.

1113

N

r«*

<4

Ik

rw

>*»


4tt

*1

*1


iH

Uk

m,

bjH

»kt

KU

bm


f\M

rki

a,

aar

iti

ik


kk

rffl

ta»

»!*

acts

fc*

M

!«i

*1*

rib

iSd«

m*

«»*

i"

ek-

«•

d*


Grf*

erf*


rf»'

levied and taken of them that shall have such Goods in Custodie, or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehearsed. And the same person and persons and Bodies Corporate, by Authoritie of this Act, shalbe discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the time of the payment or delivery therof, or at his otherwise departure from the Custodie or Possession of the same: Except and allwaies foreprised from the Charge and Assessment of these Subsidies, all Goods Chattells Jewells and Ornamentf of Churches or Chappells, which have beene ordained and used in Churches or Chappells for the honour and service of Almightie God.

And the first payment of the said first Subsidie shalbe, by authoritie aforesaid, taxed sessed and rated according to this Act, in everie Shire Ryding Lath Wapentake Rape Cittie Burrough Towne and every other Place within this Realme of England and Wales and other the Kings Dominions, before the twentieth day of June next coming, And the second payment of the said first Subsidie shalbe by the authoritie aforesaid taxed sessed and rated before the twentieth day of Marche, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundred and six; And the first payment of the said second Subsidie shalbe, by the Authoritie aforesaid, taxed sessed and rated before the twentieth day of September, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundred and seaven, and the second paym* of the said second Subsidie shalbe by the authoritie aforesaid taxed sessed and rated before the twentieth day of March, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven; And the first payment of the said third Subsidie shalbe by the authoritie aforesaid taxed assessed and rated before the twentieth day of March, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and eight, and the second payment of the said third Subsidie shalbe by the authoritie aforesayd taxed sessed and rated according to this Act, in everie Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Burroughe Towne and every other place within this Realme of England Wales and other the Kings Dominions, before the twentieth day of March, which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and nine; And the particular somes of every Shire Riding Burroughe Towne and other Places aforesaid, with the particular Names of such as are or shall be chargable for and to the payment of the said first payment of the said first Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be lymitted or two of them at the least, with the Names of the High Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer before the twentieth day of July next coming; And the particular somes of everie Shire Ryding Burrough Towne and other places aforesaid, with the particular names of such as are or shalbe chargable for and to the payment of the said second payment of the said first Subsidie, to be taxed and

set by the Comissioners to the same to be lymitted, or two of them at the least, with the names of the High

Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer before the twentieth day of Aprill in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven; And the particuler somes of every Shire Ryding Burrough Towne and other Places aforesaid, with the particular Names of such as are chargeable for and to the first payment of the said second Subsidie, to be taxed and set by Comissioners to the same to be liihitted or two of them at the least, with the Names of the High Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer before the twentieth day of October, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven ; And the particular somes of every Shire Ryding Burrough Towne and other Places aforesaid, with the particular names of such as are chargable for and to the second payment of the said second Subsidie, to be taxed

and set by the C5missioners to the same to be iymited, or two of them at the least, with the names of the High

Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certefied into the Kings Exchequer before the twentieth day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and eight; And the particular somes of every Shire Riding Burrough Towne and other places aforesayd, with the particular names of such as are chargable for and to the first payment of the said third Subsidie, to be taxed and set by the Comissioners to the same to be Iymited, or two of them at the least, with the names of the High Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer before the twentieth day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and nyne; And the particular somes of everie Shire Riding Burrough Towne and other places aforesaid, with the particular names of such as are chargable for and to the second payment of the said third Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be Iymited, or two of them at the least, with the names of the Highe Collecto", and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer before the twentieth day of Aprill, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and ten: And the said somes, in forme aforesaid to be taxed to and for the first payment of the said first Subsidy, shalbe paid in one entire some into the Kings Receipte of Exchequer aforesaid, to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord, at or before the first day of August next coming; And the said somes in maner and forme aforesaid to be taxed to and for the second payment of the said first Subsidie, shalbe paid in one entire s5me into the Kings Receipte of Exchequer aforesaid, to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord, at or before the first day of May, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven ; And the said s5mes in manner and forme aforesayd to be taxed for the first payment of the said second Subsidie, shalbe paid in one entire some into the Receipte aforesaid, to the use aforesaid, at or before the first day of November, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven ; And the said somes in maner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the second payment of the said second Subsidie, shalbe paid into the Receipte aforesaid to the use aforesaid, at or before the first day of May, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and eight; And the said somes in maner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the first payment of the said third Subsidie, shalbe paid into the Receipte aforesaid to the use aforesaid, at or before the first day of May, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and nyne; And the said somes in maner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the second payment of the said third Subsidie, shalbe paid into the Receipte of the said Exchequer to the use aforesaid, at or before the first day of May, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord


i.l D

Exception for Ornament! of Churches, &c.

VI.

Timet of rating and paying the said Subsidies respectively.


1114

3° Jac. 1. c. 26.

A.D. 1605-6.

to be paid as well within Liberties as without:

[See $ XXX.]

God One thowsand six hundreth and ten. And the somes abovesaid of and for the saide Subsidies shalbc taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levyed and paid to the use of our saide Soveraigne Lord his Heires and Successors in forme abovesaid, aswell within the Liberties Franchises Sanctuaries ancient Demeasne and other whatsoever Places, exempt or not exempt, as without; Except such Shires Places and Persons as shalbe foreprised in and by this present Act; Any Grant Charter Prescription Use or Liberty by reason of any Letters Patentf, or other Priviledge Prescription Allowance of the same, or whatsoever other Matter of Discharge, heretofore to the contrarie made granted used or obtained notwithstanding.

VII. Rating' of Absentees and

And it is further enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That everie such person, aswell such as be borne under the Kings obeisance, as everie other person Stranger borne, Denizen or not Denizen, inhabiting within °o Assessment!"<kc. this Realme or within Wales or other the Kings Dominions, which at the rime of the same Assessingf or Taxac&ns or every of them to be had or made, shalbe out of this Realme or out of Wales, and have Goods Chattells Lands or Tenementf Fees or Ahuities or other Profittf within this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitantf of the place where such Goods Chattells Lands Tenementf or other the premisses then shall be, or in such other place where such person or persons or his or their Facto' Deputie or Attorney shall have their most resort unto within this Realme or in Wales, in like manner as yf the said person were or had been at the time of the said Assessing within this Realme; And that everie person abiding or dwelling within this Realme or without this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsidies granted by this Act, according and after the Rate of such yearly substance or value of Lands or Tenementf Goods Chattells and other the premisses, as every person so to be charged shall be set at, at the tyme of the said Assessing or Taxacon upon him to be made, and no otherwise.

V1JI. Appointment of

Commissioner*, for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, he.

Limited l’owers of Commissioners

in Corporations {

Commissions shall be issued out of Chancery.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That for the assessing and ordering of the said Three Subsidies to be duly had, the Lord Chancello' of England or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, the Lord Treasurer of England, the Lord Steward of the Kings Majesties Houshold, the Lord Admirall of England, the Lord Chatnberlaine of the Kings most honorable Howshold for the time being, or two of them at the least, wherof the Lord Chancello' of England or Keeper of the Great Seale for the time beinge to be one, shall and may name and appoint of and for everie Shire Ryding and other Places, aswell within this Realme as in Wales, and other the Kings Dominions, as also of and for every Cittie and Towne being a Countie of it selfe, and of and for the Isle of Wight, such certaine nomber of persons of everie of the same Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes and Isle of Wight, and everie other place, as they shall thinke convenient, to be Comissioners of and within the same place, wherof they be Inhabitantes; And also of and for the hono'able Houshold of the Kings Majesrie, in what Shire or other Place the said Houshold shall happen then to be; And the Lord Chancello' or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, and other with him before named, or two of them (as is aforesaid), in like maner may name and appoint of every other such Burrough and Townes Corporate, aswell in England as in Wales, and other the Kings Dominions, as they shall thinke requisite, sixe five sour three or two of the head Officers, and other honest Inhabitantf of every of the said Citties Burroughes and Townes Corporate, according to the number and multitude of the people being in the same; The which psons, yf any such be, therunto named of the sayd Inhabitantf of the said Burroughs and Townes Corporate, not being Counties of themselves, shalbe joyned and put in as Comissioners with the persons named for such Shires and Rydingf as the said Burroughes and Townes Corporat (not being Counties in themselves) be sett and have their beeing; Which persons so named for and of the said Burroughes and Townes Corporate, not being Counties, by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not take upon them nor none of them, to put any part of their Comission in execucbn for the premisses out of the said Burroughes and Townes Corporate, wherin they be so named only; nor to execute the said Comission within the Burrough or Towne Corporate where they be so dwelling, but at such daies and times as the said other Comissioners for the same Shire and Ryding shall therunto lymitt and appoint, w^’n the same Burrough and Towne Corporate, not being a County wherof they be so named, and not out of such Burrough or Towne; And in that maner to be ayding and assisting with the said other Comissioners in and for the good executing of the effect of the said Comission, upon paine of every of the said Comissioners, so named for everie such Cittie Burrough and Towne Corporate not being a County, to make such Fyne as the said other Comissioners in the Comission of and for the same Shire or Ryding so named, or three of them at the least, shall by their discretion sett and certifie into the Kings Exchequer, there to be levied to the use of the Kings Majestie, in like maner as yf such or like somes had been sett and rated upon everie such person for the said Subsidies; The which Comissioners so named, of and for the said Citties Burroughes and Townes not being Counties, and ouely put into the said Comission by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not hare any part of the porcbn of the Fees and Rewardf of the Comissioners and their Clerkf in this Act afterward specified and allowed. And the Lord Chancello' of England or Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the time being, shall make and direct out of the Court of Chancerie under the Great Seale, several/ Comissions, (That is to say,)

For everie Shire Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Towne Burrough Isle and Houshold, unto such person and persons as by his discretion or any of the other with him before named and appointed, as is before rehersed, shalbe thought sufficient, for the sessing and levying of the said Three Subsidies in all Shires and Places according to the true meaning of this Act; Which Cdmission for the first payment of the said first Subsidie, shall be directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them before the last day of May next coming; And the Comission for the second payment of the said first Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them before the tenth day of Februarie which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand sixe hundreth and six -,


J.M605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

Ill 5

S


■lai


*1*


»*

'S*

«fC#

ilk

*Ii

fci


ii

in

idfai

■dm

:%

4k

OBI)

44

44

44

*4i

Cm

iln

ik

■«P

ip

h*

iCa

iF

,C» )* «I. l|* * a* 4*

»*i


»*

4*

rf*

And the Comission for the first payment of the said second Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them, before the twentieth day of August which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven; And the Comission for the second payment of the said second Subsidie shall be directed and delivered to the said Comissioners before the twentieth day of Februarie which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and seaven; And the Comission for the first payment of the said third Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them before the twentith day of Februarie, which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and eight; And the Comission for the second payment of the said third Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them before the twentieth day of Februarie, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand six hundreth and nine: And to everie of the said Comissions, Ten Sceduls, conteyning in them the Teno' of this Act, shall be affiled ; By yc which Comission, the Comissioners in every such Comission named according to this Act, and as many of them as shall be appointed by the said Comission, shall have full Power and Authoritie to put the Effect of the same Comission in Execution: And that by Authoritie of this Act, after such Comission to them directed, they may by their Assentf and Agreementf sever themselves for the Execution of their Comission, in Hundreds Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Parishes and other Places within the Lmyittf of the said Comission, in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered, and between them to be comuned and agreed, according to the Teno' and Effect of the Comission to them therein directed, upon which severance every person of this present Parliament that shalbe Comissioner shalbe assigned unto the Hundred where he dwelleth: Provided allwaies, That no person be or shalbe compelled to be any Comissioner to and for the Execution of this present Act, but only in the Shire where he dwelleth and inhabiteth; And that any person assigned to the contrarie therof in any wise, shall not be compelled to put in execution the effect of this Act or any part thereof.

And be it also enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That the Comissioners and every of them which shalbe named lymitted and appointed according to this Act, to be C5missioners in everie such Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Towne Burrough Isle and the said Houshold, or any other place, and none other, shall truly effectually and diligently for their part execute the effect of this present Act according to the Teno' therof in everie behalf, and no otherwise, by any other meanes, without Omission Favo' Dread Mallice or any other thing to be attempted or done by them or any of them to the contrarie therof: And the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission, and none other, for the Execution of the said Comission and Act, shall for the Taxac&n of the said first payment of the said first Subsidie, before the tenth day of June next ensueing; And for the Taxac&n for the second payment of the said first Subsidie before the tenth day of March which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand six hundreth and six; And for the Taxacon of the first payment of the said second Subsidie, shall before the tenth of September in theyere of our Lord God One Thowsand six hundreth and seaven; And for the Taxacon of the second payment of the said second Subsidie, shall before the tenth of March which shalbe in yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand sixe hundreth and seaven; And for the Taxac&n of the first payment of the said third Subsidie, shall before the tenth of March in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and eight; And for the Taxac&n of the second payment of the said third Subsidie, shall before the tenth of March which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord One thowsand sixe hundreth and nyne, by vertue of the Comission delivered unto them in forme abovesaid, direct their severall or joynt precept or precept f unto eight seaven six five sour three or two, as for the number of the Inhabitantf shalbe requisite, of the most substantiall discreet and honest persons Inhabitantf, to bee named by the said Comissioners or by as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes Townes and other Places, aswell within Liberties Franchises ancient Demeasne places exempted and Sanctuaries as without, within the Lymites of the Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes Burroughes and Isle aforesaid, and other Places within the Lymites of their Comission, and to the Constables Subconstablcs Baylifff and other like Officers and Ministers of everie of the said Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and other Places aforesaid, as to the said Comissioners and every nomber of them, or unto three or two of them by their discretion in division, shall seeme expedient, as by the maner and use of those parts shalbe requisite; Straightly by the said Precept charging and comaunding the said Inhabitantf Constables and other Officers aforesaid, to whom such precept shall be so directed, to appeare in their proper persons before the said Comissioners or such number of them as they shall devide themselves, according to the teno' of the said Comission, at certaine Daies and Places by the said Comissioners or any nomber of them as is aforesaid, within Citties Burroughes or Townes Corporate or without, in any other Places as is aforesaid, by their discretion shall be lyiuited therunto, to doe and accomplish all that to them on the part of the Kings Majesty shalbe enjoyned touching this Act; Comaunding further by the same precept, that he to whose Hands such precept shall come, shall shew and deliver the same to the other Inhabitantf or Officers named in the same precept ; And that none of them faile to accomplish the same, upon paine of Fortie Shillingf to be forfeited to the Kings Majestie.

And it is further ordayned by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That at the said day and place ptixed and lymited in the said Precept, every of the said Comissioners then being in the Shire, and having no sufficient excuse for his absence, at the day and place p>fixed for that part wherunto he was lyiuited, shall appeare in his proper person, and there the same Comissioners being present, or as many of them as shall be appointed by the Kings Majesties Comission, shall call or cause to be called before them, the said Inhabitantf and Officers to whome

Commissioners may divide, and jet in their separate Districts;

Commissioners shall be Reside:is.

IX.

Commissioners shall act without Favour, See.;

and shall at certain Periods in each Year summon Inhabitants Constables, See. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

X.

Inhabitants and Ollicors summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be charged to inquire and certify

Gck »ole

1116

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

A.D. 1605-6.

the Value of all Property, rateable to the said several Subsidies; on Penalty of £$. k c.

Charge of the Commissioners to such luquirers;

Further Day shall he given to bring in Certificates, by such Inquirers;

Tensity of 40s. on Non-appearance or Kefttsal to certify

Receiving Certificates and malting Assessments

■Summoning Parties under-rated;

to be examined, but not 011 Oath

they have directed their said preceptf, and which had in Comaundement there to appeare by vertue of the said precept; And yf any person so warned make default, unles he then be letted by sicknes or lawfiill excuse, and that left then be witnessed by the Oathes of two credible persons. Or yf any appearing refuse to serve in forme following, then everie such person so making default or refusing to serve, shall forfeite to the Kings Majestie Fortie Shillingf; and so at everie time appointed by the said Comissioners for the same Taxacon, untill such time the number of everie such persons have appeared and certified in forme under written, every of them so making default or refusing to serve, shall forfeite to the Kings Majestie Fortie Shillingf: And upon the same Appearance had, they shalbe charged before the Comissioners by all convenient wayes and meanes, (other then by Corporall Oath,) to enquire of the best and most value of the Substance of everie person dwelling and abiding within the limites of the Places that they shalbe charged with, and of other which shall have his or their most resort unto any of the said Places, and chargable with any sdme of Money by this Act of the said Subsidies, and of all other Things requisite touching the said Act, and according to the intent of the same; and thereupon as neere as it may be or shall come to their knowledg, without respect of any former Taxaf&n heretofore had, truly to (Psent and certifie before the saide Comissioners the names and surnames and the best and uttermost Substance and Values of everie of them, aswell of Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf Possessions and Profittf as of Goods Chattellf Debts and other Things chargable by the same Act, without any Concealment Love Favor Affection Dread or Malice, upon paine of forfeiture of Five Pounds or more, to be taxed extracted and levied in forme as heerafter in this present Act shall be lymited or appointed: And therupon the said Comissioners shall openly there reade or cause to be read unto them the said Rates, in this Act menebned, and openly declare the effect of their Charge unto them, in what maner and forme they ought and should make their Certificate, according to the Rates and Somes therof abovesaid, and of all maner persons, aswell of Aliens and Strangers, Denizens or not Denizens, inhabiting within this Realme, as of such persons as bee borne under the Kings Obeisance chargable to this Act, and of the Possessions Goods & Chattells of Fraternities Guilds Corporac&ns Brotherhoodf Misteries Cominalries and other as is abovesaid, and of persons being in the parts beyond the Seas, having Goods and Chattells Lands or Tenementf within this Realme as is aforesaid, and of all Goods beeing in the custodie of any person or persons, to the use of any other as is abovesaid; by the which informaf&n and shewing, the said persons should have such plaine knowledge of the true intent of this present Act and of the maner of their Certificate, that the same persons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance: And after such Charge and the Statute of the said Subsidies, and the maner of the said Certificate to be made in writing, contayning the names and surnames of everie person, and whether he be borne without the Kings Obeisance or within, and the best value of everie person in every degree, aswell of the yearly value of Lands and Tenementf and of such like Possessions and Profittf as of the value of Goods and Chattells Debts and everie thing to their Certificate requisite and necessarie to them declared, the said Comissioners there being, shall by their discretions appoint and lymitte unto the said persons another day and place to appeare before the said Comissioners, and charging the said persons that they in the meane time shall make dilligent inquirie by all wayes and meanes of the premisses, and then and there everie of them, upon paine of forfeiture of Fortie shillingf to the Kings Majestie, to appeare at the said new prefixed day and place, there to certifie unto the said Comissioners in Writing according to their said Charge, and according to the true intent of the said Graunt of Subsidies, and as to them in maner aforesaid hath beene declared and shewed by the Comissioners: At which Day and Place so to them plfixed, yf any of the said persons make defaulte, or appeare and refuse to make the sayd Certificate, that then everie of them so offending to forfeite to the Kings Majesty Fortie shillingf. Except there be a reasonable excuse of his default by reason of sicknes or otherwise, by the Oathes of two credible persons there witnessed; and of such as appeare ready to make Certificate as is aforesaid, the said Comissioners there being, shall take and receive the same Certificate and everie part thereof, and the Names Values and Substance of everie person so certified : And yf the said Comissioners see cause reasonable, they shall examine the said Presento" thereof, and therupon the said Comissioners at the said Dayes and Place, by their Agreement amongst themselves, shall from time to time there openly prefixe a Day at a certaine Place or Places within the Lymittf of their Comission by their discretion, for the further proceeding to the said assessing of the same Subsidies: And therupon at the said Day of the said Certificate as is aforesaid taken, the same Comissioners shall make their Precept or Preceptf, to the Constables Subconstables Baylifff or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Places aforesaid as the same Comissioners shall be of, comprising and conteyning in the said Preceptf the Names and Surnames of all persons presented before them in the said Certificate, of whom yf the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe therunto appointed by the Kings Comission shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substance in Landes Goods Chattells or somes of Money owing to them, or other substance aforesaid, then upon such person or persons so certefied and specified as aforesaid, the same Comissioners shall make their Precept or Preceptf directed to the Constable Baylifff or other Officers, comaunding the said Constable Bayliffes or other Officers to whom such Preceptf shalbe directed, to wame such persons whose names shall be comprised in the said Preceptf at their Mansions, or to their persons, that the same persons named in suche Preceptf, and everie of them, shall personally appeare before the said Comissioners at the said new prefixed day and place, there to be examined by all wayes and meanes, (other then by Corporall Oath,) by the said Comissioners, of their greatest Substance and best Value, and of all and every somes of Money owing to them, and other whatsoever matter concerning the premisses or any of them according to this Act; At which Day and Place so prefixed the said Comissioners then and there being, or as many of them as shalbe therunto appointed by the Kings Comission, shall cause to be called the said psens whose Names shall be comprised in the said Precept as is aforesaid, for their Examinaf&n; And yf any of those persons which shall be warned as is aforesaid to

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

1117



Hi

8H


s

<<*

H


*S:

«*!

«!P


ij

fta


iMr

•a M 2

is

M)

fcl

»%

dir

m

fa

rfh

*fc

fci

k‘

•Ofe



fat!


ffa

fas

Ok

li

!l*

it

k*

,*»

P*

k«

■I'

be examined, which at any time after the warning and before the prefixed Day shalbe within such Place as he may have knowledg of his said Appearance to be made, make default and appeare not, unles a reasonable cause or els a reasonable excuse by the Oathes of two credible peons before the said Comissioners to be truly alleaged for his discharge, that then everie of them so making default, to be taxed and charged to the Kings Majestie with and at the double some of the Rate that he should or ought to have beene set at, for and after the best value of his Lands or Substance upon him certified yf he had appeared, by the discretion of the Comissioners there being: Which Comissioners shall travaile with everie of the other persons so then and there appearing, whose Names shall be expressed in the said Precept or Preceptf, and in whom any vehement suspect was or shalbe had in forme aforesaide, by all such waies and meanes as they can, (other then by Corporall Oath,) for the better knowledge of their best

value, either in Hereditamentf or Possessions, or els in Goods or Debts, and therupon shall have power and

authoritie by vertue of this Acte according to their discretions to enlarge and encrease the Taxac&n of such persons as they shall so finde by due examinac&n to be of greater value or substance in Lands or Goods then they were

presented at: And that everie Spirituall person at everie of the said Taxac&ns of the sayd three Subsidies, shalbe

rated and sett, according to the Rate abovesaid, of and for everie pound that the same Spirituall person or any other to his use, hath by Discent Bargaine or Purchase, in Fee Simple Fee Taile terme of Life terme of Yeares, by Execuf&n by Wardshipp or by Coppie of Court Roll, in any Mano" Lands Tenementf Rents Services Offices Fees Corrodies Anuities or Hereditamentf, after the true just and yearlie value therof, and according as other the Kings Majesdes Subjects borne within this Realme be charged, in forme above remembred, so that it extend to the yearelic value of Twentie shillingf or above.

And it is further enacted, That yf the said Taxo" or Assesso'* shall not duely behave themselves in their Inquirie Taxac&n Assessment or Cerdficate, but shall affectionately corruptly or pardally demeane themselves in that behalfe, in such wise that the Comissioners shall by their Consideraf&ns deeme them Offendo" worthy of punishment for not doing their Duties therin, That then sour or more of the Comissioners in that County for the same Subsidie, shall have power and authoritie by their discretions, either to charge the said Assesso" upon their corporall Oathes for the better service aforesaid in that behalfe, or els by their discretions to taxe and sett upon every of the said Assesso" for their Misdemeano" in that behalfe, such a Fyne or Paine as they shall thinke good, so that it exceed not the s5me of Ten Pounds; And the same Fine or Paine at their discre£&ns to estreate into the Court of Exchequer; Everie which Fine so taxed and sett by Fowre of the said Comissioners or more, and being estreated with the Schedule and Bookes of that lymitt, shalbe levied and answered to the Kings use, in like maner and forme to all intentf and purposes as any other somes that shalbe taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute and Act of Subsidie, and not in any other wise or maner: And yf any pson certified and rated by vertue of this Act, whether he be a Comissioner or other, to any maner of value, doth finde himselfe grieved wlh the same presentment sessing or rating, and therupon complaine to the Comissioners before whom he shalbe called sessed or taxed, or before two of them, before the same Taxac&n be certified into the Court of Exchequer, That then the said Comissioners, or two of them, shall by all wayes and meanes, examine particularly and distinctly the person so complayning, upon his Oath, and others his Neighbours by their discretions, of everie his lands and Tenementf above specified, and of everie his Goods Chattellf and Debts above menc&ned; And after due examina£&n and perfect knowledg therof had and perceived by the said Comissioners or two of them, which shall have power by Authoritie aforesaid, the said Comissioners, or two of them to whome any such Complaint shalbe made, by their discretion upon the Oath of the said person so complaining, may abate defalke encrease or inlarge the said Assessmentf according as it shall appeare unto them just upon the same Examinac&n; And the same some so abated defalked encreased or enlarged, shall be by them estreated in forme as heerafter ensueth: And yf it bee proved by witnesses or by the parties owne Confession, or other lawfull waies or means, within a yeare after any such Oath made, that the same person so rated and swome was of any better or greater valew of Lands Goods or other Things above specified at the time of his said Oath, then the same person so swome did declare upon his said Oath, That then everie such person soe offending shall lose and forfeite to the Kings Majestie so much lawfull Money of England as he the same person so swome was sett or taxed to pay.

And also it is enacted by the same Authoritie, That everie person to be rated 8t taxed as is aforesaid, shall be rated and sett, and the s5me on him sett, to be levied at such place where he and his famelie were resident for the

most part of the yeare next before the same Presentment and Taxac&n made, and no where els: Anil that no

Cdmissioner for this Subsidie shall be rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other Place where he shalbe Comissioner; And that yf any person chargable to this Act at the time of the same Assessing happen to be out of this Realme and out of Wales, or farre from the place where he shall be knowne, then he to be sett where he was last abiding in this Realme or within Wales, and after the Substance Value and other Profittf of everie person to be knowne by the Examinac&n Certificate or other maner of waies as is aforesaid; And that the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Kings Majesties C5mission or Comissions, shall, after the Rate and Rates aforesaid, cause everie person so to be sett rated and taxed according to the Rate of the Substance and Value of his Lands Goods Chattells and other Proffittf chargable by this Act, wherby the greatest or most best some or somes according to his most substance by reason of this Act might or may be sett or taxed: And that everie person taxed in any Countie or Place, other then where he and his famelie were resiant for the

most part of the yeare then next before, or in any Countie or Place other then where he is a Comissioner for

the Subsidie, yf he be a Comissioner, upon Certificate made to the said Court of Exchequer under the Hands


13 t

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double

Parties appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath;

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions.

XI.

Commissioners may fine Assessors for Neglect, See. not excecdingj£io,&c.

Commissioners, on Complaint, on Oath of Parties,See. may decrease or increase Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

XII.

Parties shall be rated where dwelling, See.

Commissioners, within Shirrs;

Absentees, where last abiding;

according to the highest Rate, Stc.

Relief against Double Charges.

1118

3°Jac. I. c. 26.

A.D. 1605-6.

XIII.

Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, &c.

None shall be doubly chargtd.

XIV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced;

Penalty oil Evasion under such Pretext, &c. Double Rate.

XV. Commissioners shall assess tlicmaelvea and the Assessors.

XVI.

Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, 8tc.

and Seales of two Comissioners for the same Subsidie in the same County or Place, where such person and his famely were resiant for the most part of the yeare then next before, or where he is a Comissioner for the Taxacfin and Payment of the same Subsidie, testifieng such his most Resiancie, having a Famely, or being a Comissioner, shalbe a sufficient Discharge for the Taxacfin of that person in all other places, and of and for all other somes of Money upon such persons so sett and taxed, save only the Taxa£6ns made in that County or Place from which such Certificate shalbe made as is aforesaid, and for the some of Money upon such person there assessed or taxed; And that such Certificate, without any Plea or other Circumstaunce, shalbe a sufficient Warrant as well to the Barons and Audito' and Audito" of the said Court of Exchequer, as to all and everie other Officers to whome the Allowance thereof shall appertaine, paying for such Discharge and Allowance onely Six pence and no more.

Provided allwaies, That everie such person which shalbe rated or taxed according to the intent and true meaning of this Act, for payment of and to these Subsidies, for and after the yearlie value of his Lands Tenementf and other Reall Possessions or Proffittf at any of the said Taxacfins, shall not after be set and rated for his Goods and Chattells or other moveable Substance at the same Taxation ; and that he that shalbe set charged or taxed for the same Subsidies for his Goods Chattells and other Movables at any of the said Taxacfins according to the true meaning of this Act, shall not after be charged taxed or chargable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Proffittf abovesaid, at the same Taxacfins or any of them; Nor that any person by any Taxacon be double charged for the saide Subsidies, nor sett or taxed at severall Places by reason of this Act; But yf any person happen to be double sett taxed or charged either in one place or at severall places, then he to be discharged of the one Taxacfin and charged with the other, according to the meaning and intent of this Act; Any thing conteyncd in this present Act to the contrarie notwithstanding.

And that it be ordained and enacted by the said Authoritie of this present Parliament, That no person having two Mansions or two Places to resort unto, or calling himself Houshold Servant or waiting Servant to the Kings Majestie or other Lord or Lady Maister or Mistresse, be excused upon his saying from the Taxes of the said Subsidies in neither of the Places where he may be sett or taxed, unles he bring a Certificate in writing from the Comissioners where that he is so sett or taxed in deed at one Place; And yf any person that ought to be sett and taxed to these present Subsidies by reason of his removing or resorting to two places, or by reason of his saying that hee else where was taxed, or by reason of any previledge, of his dwelling or abiding in any place not being foreprized in this Act, or otherwise by his Covin or Craft, or by any Words or Sayings or otherwise. Or yf any that is a Comissioner or Assesso' of others, happen to escape from the said Taxacfins for the payment of these Subsidies or any of them, and be not sett and taxed according to the true intent of this Act, and that proved by Presentment Examinacfin Informacon or otherwise before the said Cdmissioners or two of them, or before the Barons of the Kings Majesties Exchequer or two Justices of the Peace of the County where such person dwelleth; Then everie such person that, by such meanes or otherwise, willingly by Covine or without just cause, shall happen to escape from the said Taxacfins or Paymentf aforesaid or any of them, and shall not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged upon the knowledg and proofe therof, with and at the double value of so much as he should might or ought to have beene sett and taxed at by vertue of this Act; And the same double value to be levied gathered and paid of his Goods and Chattellf Lands and Tenementf towards the said Subsidies, and further to be punished according to the discrecfins of the Barons Justices and Comissioners before whom he shalbe convicted for his Offence and Deceipt in that behalfe.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That the said Comissioners in everie Comission which shalbe or inhabite in any Countie or Place within the Lymittf of their Comission, or the more part of them, shall have full Power and Authoritie by this Act to sett taxe and sesse everie other Comissioner joyned with them in everie such Comission, and the said Comissioners within their Devision shall also assesse every Assessor within their Devision for his or their Goods Lands and other the premisses as is abovesaid; By the which said Cdmission the said Comissioners to whom it shall appertaine, shall indifferently sett taxe and sesse themselves and the said Assesso"; and that aswell the s5mes upon every of the said Comissioners and Assesso" so sessed rated and taxed, as the sdmes made and presented by the Presenters as is abovesaid, shalbe written certified set and estreated, and the Estreates thereof to be made, with other the Inhabitantf of that part, and within the Lymittf of the same Comission and Devision so to be gathered and levied, in like maner as it ought or should have beene yf the said Cdmissioners had not been in the said Cdmission.

And that all persons of the Estate of a Baron or Barons, and everie Estate above, shalbe charged with their Freehold and Value as is aforesaid, by the Chauncello' or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England, the High Threr of England for the time being, or one of them, together with other such persons as by the Kings Majesties Authoritie or Comaundement shalbe named and appointed, and they to be charged for the said severall paymentf of the said Subsidies after the forme of the said Grant, according to the Taxacfin aforesaid; And the some of and upon them to be taxed and sett, with the Names of the Collecto" appointed for the gathering and paying of the same, to be estreated delivered and certified at Daies and Places above specified by the Lord Chauncello' or Keeper of the Great Seale and Lord Threr or one of them, together with other such persons as therunto shalbe named as is aforesaid.


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

1119

S

s

s


fct

fct


Us

Is

■Sr

»*

St

iJt

■«

at

ik

«*


Ift


IP

+.

is

ii

d

it

U

ar

H

ft

i*

ft


And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That after the Taxes and Assesses of the said somes upon and by the said Assessing and Certificate as is aforesaid made, the said C5missioners or as many of them as shalbe therunto appointed, and have Authoritie by the Kings Majesties Comission, shall with all speede and without delay, by their Writing, estreate the said Taxes therof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the saide Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe appointed at the least; And the same shall deliver unto sufficient and substantiall Inhabitantf Constables Subconstables Baylifff and other Officers joyntly, of Hundreds Townes Parishes and other Places aforesaid within their Lymittf, and to other sufficient persons Inhabitantf of the same, only by the discretion of the said Comissioners with the Assent of the High Collecto', and as the place and parties shall require, aswell the particuler Names and Surnames as the Remembrance of all somes of Money taxed and sett of and upon everie person as well Man as Woman chargable to this Act, Housholders and all other Inhabitantf and Dwellers within the said Parishes Townes and Places contributorie to this Act of Subsidies; By Authoritie of which Writing and Estreate so delivered, the said Officers and other persons so named and deputed, severally shall have full Power and Authoritie by vertue of this Act, imediately after the deliverie of the said Wrighting or Estreate, to demaund levie and gather of everie person therin specified the some and somes in the same Writing or Estreate comprized; And for non payment thereof to distraine the same person or persons so being behind, by their Goods and Chattells, and the Distresse so taken to keepe by the space of eight dayes, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner therof; And yf the said Owner doe not pay such some of Money as shalbe taxed by Authoritie of this Act within the same Eight dayes, then the same Distresse to be apprised by Foure or Three or Two of the Inhabitantf where such Distresse is taken, and also then to be sold by the Constable or other Collecto' for the payment of the said Money, and the Overplus c5ming of the sale and keeping therof (yf any be) to be ymediatcly restored to the Owner of the same Distresse; which said Officers & other persons so deputed to aske take gather and levye the said somes, shall answere and be charged for the porc&n only to them assigned and lymited, to be gathered levyed and comprised in the said Writing or Estreate so to them as is aforesaid delivered, to the use of our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestic and his Heires and Successo"; And the saide some in that Writing or Estreate comprised, to pay unto the High Collecto' or Collecto" of that place for the Collecc&n of the same, in maner and forme under written therunto to be named and deputed ; and the same Inhabitantf and Officers so gathering the same particular Somes, for their Collection therof, shall reteyne for every Twenty Shillingf so by them received and payed, Two pence; and that to be allowed at the payment of their Collection by them to be made to the High Collecto' or Collecto".

And further be it enacted by the said Authoritie, That the said Comissioners, or the more part of them as shall take upon them the Execution and Busines of the said C5mission, shall for everie of the said Paymentf of the said Subsidies, name such sufficient and able persons which then shall have and possesse I.andf and other Hereditamentf in their owne Right of the cleare yearlie value of forty pounds, or Goods to the value of foure hundreth pounds at the least, as he shalbe taxed in the Subsidie Booke, yf any such be in the said lymittf, and for wante of such so assessed, then those to be appointed Collecto" that then shall be sufficient, and rated and taxed in the Subsidie Bookes in Lands or Goods neerest to the values aforesaid, as by their discretions shall be thought good, in Shires Rydingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places, as well within places previledged as without, not being foreprized within this Acte, to be High Collecto" and to have the Collection and Receipte of the said somes sett and leviable within the Precinct Lymittf and Boundf where they shalbe so lymited and appointed to be High Collecto"; And to everie of the said Collecto" so severally named, the said Comissioners, or two of them at the least, with all speed and without delay, after the said whole sdme of any payment of the said Subsidies be sett by all the lymittf of the same their Comission, or in such lymittf as the High Collecto" shall be so severally assigned, shall under their Seales and Signe Manuell deliver one Estreate indented in Parchment, comprizing in it the Names of all such persons as were assigned to levie the said particular somes, and the somes of everie Hundred Wapentake Towne or other Place aforesaid, with the Names and Surnames of the persons so chargable, according to the Estreate so therof first made and delivered as is aforesaid: And the Collecto" to be assigned shalbe charged to answere the whole s5me comprized in the said Estreate lymited to his Collection as is aforesaid.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That the said Comissioners having authoritie by this Act to name and nominate the same High Collecto" of everie of the said Subsidies, shall imediately upon their Nomination and Election, take by Authoritie of this present Parliament, sufficient Recognizances or Obligac&ns, without any Fee or Reward to be paid therefore, of every person so by them to be named to be High Collecto" to be bound to the Kings Majestie in the double some of the some of his Collection, and to be indorsed and made upon such Condic&n, That is to say; For the Collection of the said first payment of the said first Subsidie, That yf the said Collecto' his Heires or Executors doe truely content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successo" in the Receipt of the said Exchequer, at or before the first day of August next ensueing, so much of the said some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection, as hee shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge within one Moneth next after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same Residue, That then the said Recognizances or Obligations to be voyd, or els to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the said second payment of the said first Subsidie, upon condic&n that yf the said Collecto' his Heires or Executors doe truly content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors, in his Receipt of the Exchequer at or before the said first day of May which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven, so much of the said some of


XVII.

After Assessment, Estreat! shall be delivered by the Commissioners to Officer!, who shall levy the Suma assessed by Distress, he. and pay the lame in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

xvm.

Commissioners shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums so levied.

XIX.

High Collectors shall enter into Recognizances to

Eav Sums received y them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commissioners t

1120

3° Jac. I. c.26,

A.D.A605-6.

Penalty on Neglect in certifying, afe to; on Neglect of Recognizance,£20.

High Collector* shall call on Constables, &c. to pay Money leried, allowing them 2d. per Pound.

On Failure, Constables, &c. may be distrained.

XX

Collectors of the first Payment shall not be named Collectors of the Second, without producing their Quietus for the First.

Money allotted and appointed to his Collection, as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge, within one Moneth next after such time as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizances or Obligations to be voyd, or els to stand in full strength and vertue And for the Collection of the said first payment of the said second Subsidie, upon condic&n that yf the said Collecto' his Heires or Executors doe truely content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestic his Heires or Successo" in his Receipte of thexchequer at or before the said first day of November, which shalbe in the yeare of Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and seaven, so much of the said some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge within one Moneth next after such time as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizances or Obligac&ns to be voyd or else to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the said second payment of the said second Subsidie, upon condicbn that if the said Collecto' his Heires or Executors doe truly content and pay to the use of the Kings Majesde, his Heires or Successo" in his Receipte of Excheq' at or before the said first day of May, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord One thowsand six hundreth and eight, so much of the said some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection as hee shall collect and gather, and content and pay the residue of his Collection and Charge within one moneth next after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same Residue, and then the said Recognizances or Obligac&ns to be voyd, or els to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the said first payment of the said third Subsidie, upon Condic&n that if the said Collecto' his Heires or Executors doe truly content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestic his Heires or Successo" in his Receipte of Exchequer, at or before the said first day of May, which shall be in the yeare of our Lord God One Thowsand six hundreth and nyne, so much of the said some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge within one moneth next after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same Residue, that then the said Recognizances or Obligac&ns to be voyd, or els to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Collection of the second payment of the said third Subsidy, upon condic&n that yf the said Collector his Heires and Executo" do truly content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successo" into the Receipt of his Exchequer at or before the said first day of May, wdl shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thowsand six hundreth and ten, so much of the said some of Money allotted and appointed to his Collection as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the residue of his Collection and Charge within one moneth next after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same Residue, that then the same Obligac&ns or Recognizances to be voyd, or els to stand in full strength and vertue; Which said severall Recognizances or Obligac&ns so taken, the said Comissioners shall severally certifie and deliver into the Kings Majesties Exchequer, with the severall

Certificates of the said Taxac&ns and Rates of the payment of the said Subsidies, at and by the time to them

prescribed and appointed by this Act for the Certificate of the said severall Taxac&ns of the said Subsidies; upon paine of Forfeiture of Ten Pounds to the Kings Majestie for everie such Recognizance or Obligation not so certified ; And that everie such Collecto' so elected named and chosen, upon request to him made, shall knowledge and make the said Recognizance or Obligation, upon paine of Forfeiture of Twentie pounds to the Kings Majestie for the refusall therof; And that the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the time being, upon payment of the said severall Collections of the sayd Subsidies at the daies and times heerin lymitted for the payment therof, shall cancell and deliver the Recognizances or Obligac&ns for the payment therof to the Collecto' or Collecto", without any other Warrant, and without any Fee or Reward to be paid for the same to any pson: And everie Collecto' so deputed having the said Estreate in Parchment as is aforesaid, shall have Authorise by this Act, to appoint daies and Places within the Circuite of his Collection for the payment of the said Subsidies to him to be made, and therof to give warning by Proclamation or otherwise, to all the Constables or other persons or Inhabitantf having the Charge of the perdcular Collection within the Hundreds Parishes Townes or other Places by him or them limited, to make payment for the said perdcular Collection of every s5me as to them shall apptaine; And yf at the same day and place so lymitted and prefixed by the said High Collecto', the said Constable Officers or other persons or Inhabitantf as is aforesaid, for the said particular Collecc&n assigned and appointed within such Hundred Cittie Towne or other

Place, do not pay unto the said High Collecto" the some within their severall Hundreds Townes Parishes and other

Places, due and comprised in the said Estreate therof to them delivered by the said Comissioners or some of them as is aforesaid, or so much thereof as they have by any meanes received, (Two pence for everie pound for the said particular Collection as is aforesaid allwaies therof to be allowed excepted and abated,) And then it shalbe lawfull to the

said High Collecto" and every of them and to their Assignes, to distraine everie of the said Constables Officers

and other Inhabitantf, for their said severall and particular Collection of the said somes comprized in the said Estreate and Writing thereof to them and everie of them as is before expressed delivered, or for so much of the same sdme as so then shall happen to be gathered and levied and behind and unpaid, by the Goods and Chattells of everie of them so being behind ; And the Distresse so taken to be kept and appraised and sold as is aforesaid, and ther to take and leavy the somes so then being behind and unpaid; And the overplus coming of the sale of the said Distress*

(if any be) to be restored and delivered unto the Owner in forme above remembred.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the authorise aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be nominated or appointed to be a High Collecto' or Collecto" for the second payment of any Fyfteene Tenth or Subsidie granted by this Act, which before that time hath beene a Collecto' or Collecto" for the first payment of any part of the same Fyfteenes Tenthes or Subsidies, unles such person or persons so to be nominated and appointed High Collecto' or Collecto" for the said second payment, doe first shewe forth before him or them by whom he shall be nominated


Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

1121

and appointed, his Quietus est for the discharge of his Collection before appointed to his Charge, upon paine One Hundred Pounds to be paid and forfeited by him or them that so shall nominate and appoint an'- ouch Collecto' contrarie to this present Act.

Provided allwaies, That no person inhabiting in any Cittie Burroughe or Towne Corporate, shalbe compelled to be any Assesso' or Collecto', of or for any part of the said Subsidies, in any Place or Places out of the said Cittie Burrough or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

And it is also by the said Authoritie enacted, That yf any Inhabitantf or Officers, or whatsoever person or persons charged to and for the Collection and Receipt of any part or por£6n of the said Subsidies by any maner of meanes according to this Act,"or any person or persons, for themselves or as Keeper Gardian Deputie Facto' or Attorney of or for any other person or persons, for any Goods or Chattells of the Owner therof, at the time of the said Assessing to be paid, being out of this Realme or in any other parts not knowne, or of and for the Goods and Chattells of any other person or persons, of any Corporation Fraternitie Mysterie or other whatsoever Cominalty, being Corporate or not Corporate, and all persons having in their Rule Governance and Custodie, any Goods or Chattells at the time of the said Assessing, or any of them to be made, Or which for any Cause for and by Collection, or for himselfe or for any other, or by reason that he hath the Rule Governance or Custodie of any Goods or Chattells of any other person or persons, Corporation Comynaltie Fraternitie Guild or Mysterie, or any such other like, or as Facto' Deputy or Attorney of or for any person, shalbe taxed valued rated and sett to any some or s5mes by reason of this Act, and after the taxac&n and assessing upon any such person or persons as shalbe charged with the Receipt of the same, happen to dye, or depart from the Place where he was so taxed and sett, or his Goods and Chattells be so eloyned or in such privy or covert maner kept, as the said person or persons charged with the same, by Estreates or other Writings from the said Comissioners, or as many of them as shall be therunto appointed by the said Comission as is aforesaid, can ne may levie the same some or somes comprised within the same Estreates, by Distresse within the Lymittf of their Collection as is aforesaid, or cannot sell such Distresse or Distresses as be taken for any of the said paymentf, before the time ly mited to the High Collecto' for his payment to be made in the Kings Majesties Receipte, then upon relation therof with due Examinacbn by the Oath or Examinacbn of such person or persons as shalbe chardged with and for the Receipte and ColleccSn of the same, before the said Comissioners, or as many of them as by the said Comission shall be therunto appointed, where such person or persons or other as is aforesaid their Goods and Chattells were sett and taxed, and upon plaine Certificate therof made into the Kings Majesties Exchequer by the same Comissioners, aswell of the Dwelling Place Names and Somes of the said persons of whome the same Somes cannot be levyed and had as is aforesaid, then aswell the Constable and other Inhabitantf appointed for the same particular Collection, against the High Collecto'*, as the High Collecto' upon his Accompt and Oathe in the said Exchequer, to be discharged therof; and Processe to be made for the Kings Majestie out of the same Exchequer, by the discretions of the Barons of the same Exchequer against such person, his Heires or Executors so being behind with his payment: And over that, the same Comissioners, to whom any such Declarac&n of the premisses shall be made in forme aforesaid, from tyme to tyine shall have full Power and Authoritie to direct their precept or preceptf to the said person or persons charged with any some of for and upon any such person and persons or other as is aforesaid, or to any Sheriff Steward Bayliffe or other whatsoever Officer Minister person or persons of such place or places where any such person or persons so owing any such s5me or somes shall have Lands and Tenementf or other Hereditam'f or Reall Possessions Goods & Chattells, wherby any such person or persons so indebted, his Heires Executors or Assignes or other having the Custodie Governance or Disposition of any Goods or Chattells Lands Tenementf or other Heteditam'f, which ought or may by this Act lawfully be distrayned or taken for the same, hath and shall have Goods Chattells Lands Tenementf or other Possessions, whereof such Some and Somes which by any such person or persons may or ought to be levied, be it within the Lymittf of such Comission where such person or persons was or were taxed, or without, in any Place within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Majesties Dominions Marches or Territories; By which precept aswell suche person or persons shalbe charged to levie such Money, as the Officer of the Place or Places where suche Distresse may be taken, shall have full Power and Authoritie to distraine every such person indebted charged or chargable by this Act, or his Executors or Administrators of his Goods and Chattellf, his Gardians Facto" Deputies Leassees Farmers and Assignes, and all other persons by whose Hands or out of whose Lands any such person should have Fee Rent Anuitie or other Proffitt, or which at the time of the said assessing, shall have Goods or Chattells or any other thing moveable of any such person or persons being indebted or owing such some; And the Distresses soe taken, cause to be kept appraised and sould, in like maner and forme as is aforesaid for the Distresse to be taken upon such persons to be taxed to the said Subsidies, and being sufficient to distraine within the Lymittf of the Collecto" Inhabitantf or other Officers charged with or for the said somes so upon them to be taxed; And yf any such Distresse for non payment happen to be taken out of the lymitt of the said persons charged and assigned to levie the same, the persons so charged for the levying of any such s5mes by Distresse, shall pceive and take of the same Distresse, for the Labour of every person going for the execution therof, for every Mile that any such person so laboureth for the same. Two pence ; And every Farmer Tenaunt Gardian Facto' or other whatsoever person, being distreyned or otherwise charged for payment of any such some or s5mes, or any other some by reason of this Act, shall be of such some or s5mes, of him or them so levied 8c taken, discharged and acquitted at his next day of Payment of the same, or at the deliverie of such Goods and Chattellf as he that is so distrained had in his Custodie or Governance, against him or them that shalbe so taxed and sett ; Any Grant or Writing Obligatory or other whatsoev1 Matter to the contrarie made heertofore


XXI.

Assessors and

Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

XXII. IncaseofDeatli,&c. of Collectors, or of Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming. HiehCollectors,&c. shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.

Commissioners may issue their Precepts to levy such Sums by Distress on Farmers, Lessees, See. of Parties liable, who may retain the tame out of their Kents, See.


1122

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

A.D. 1605-6.

On Failure of any such Distress, Commissioners may issue Precepts to attach the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment;

Like Process against Persons chargeable for others;

Certificate of all such Process into the Exchequer;

Collectors and Officers disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or to be examined, or being guilty of any Misbehaviour, may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

XXIII.

Allowance to High Collectors, 6d. in the Pound, for themselves, Under Collectors, and Commissioners.

notwithstanding: And yf any such person that should be so distreyned, have no Lands or Tenementf sufficient, wherby he and his Tenant? and Farmers may be distreyned, or have aliened eloyned or hid his Goods and Chattells wherby he should or might be distreyned, in such manner that such Goods or Chattellf should not be knowne or found, so that the some of or by him to be paid in the said forme, shall not ne can be conveniently levied. Then upon relation therof to the Comissioners or to as many of them as by the said Comission shalbe therunto appointed, where such person or persons was taxed and sett, by the Oathes of him or them that shalbe charged with the levying and payment of that some or somes, The same Comissioners shall make a precept in such maner as is aforesaid, for to attache take and arest the Body of such person or persons that ought to pay the said somes, and by this Act shall be charged with and for the said s5me or somes; And them so taken safely to keepe in Prison within the Shire or other Place where any such person or persons shall be taken and atached, there to remaine without Baile or Maineprize, untill he hath payed the said some or somes, that such person for himselfe or for any other by this Act shalbe chargable or ought to be charged withall, and also for the Fees of every such Arrest to him or them that shall execute such precept, Twentie pence; And that everie Officer unto whome such precept shall be directed, doe his true dilligence and execute the same upon every person so being indebted, upon paine to forfeit to the Kings Majestie for everie default in that behalfe, Twenty Shillingf; And that no Keeper of any Gaole, from his Gaole suffer any such person to goe at large by letting to Bayle, or otherwise to depart out of his Prison, before he hath paid his said Debt and the said Twenty pence for his said Arrest, upon paine to forfeite to the Kings Majestie Fortie Shillingf, And the same Gaoler to pay to the Kings Majestie the double value, as well of the Rate which the said person so ymprisoned was taxed at, as of the said Twenty Pence for the Fees: And like Processe and Remedie in like forme shalbe granted by the said Comissioners, or as many of them as by the said C5mission shall be therunto appointed, at like Information of every person or persons being charged with any S5me of Money for any other person or persons by reason of the said Subsidies, and not therof paid, but willfully withdrawen, nor the same leviable within the Lymittf where such persons were therunto taxed : And yf the some or somes, being behind unpaid by any person or psons as is aforesaid, be levyed and gathered by force of the said Processe to be made by the said Comissioners, or if in default or for lack of Payment therof, the person or persons so owing the said Some or Somes of Money, by Processe of the same Comissioners to be made as is aforesaid, be comitted to Prison in forme abovesaid, That then the said Comissioners which shall award such Processe, shall make Certificate therof in the said Exchequer of that shalbe done in the premisses, in the Terme next following after such s5me or somes of Money so being behind shall be levied and gathered, or such person or persons for non payment of the same comytted to Prison : And yf it happen any of the said Collecto™ to be assigned, or any Maiors Sheriff? Steward? Constables the Headborough Bursholder Bayliffe or any other Officer or Minister or other whatsoever person or persons, to disobey the said Comissioners or any of them, in their reasonable Request to them made by the said Comissioners for the execuc&n of the said Comissyon, Or yf any of the Officers or other persons doe refuse that to them shall appertaine and belong to doe by reason of any precept to him or them to be directed, or any reasonable Comaundement Instance or Request towching the premisses, or other default in any Apparance or Collection to make, or yf any person, being suspected not to be indifferently taxed as is aforesaid doe refuse to be examined according to the tenor of this Act before the said Comissioners, or as many of them as shall be therunto assigned as is aforesaid, or will not appeare before the same Comissioners upon warning to him made, or els make Resistance or Rescous upon any Distresse upon him to be taken for any parcell of the said Subsidies, or efimytt any Misbehavio' in any maner of wise contrarie to this Act, or comitt any willfull Omission or other whatsoever willfull doing or misdoing, contrary to the tenor of this Act or Grant; the same Comissioners and everie nomber of them above remembred, or two of them at the least, upon probable knowledge of any such Misdeameano" had by Information or Examination, shall and may set upon every such Offendo' for every such Offence, in the Name of a Fyne by the same Offendo’ to be forfeited, Fortie Shillingf or under, by discretion of the same Comissioners; And further, the same Comissioners, and everie nomber of them or two of them at the leaste, shall have authorise by this present Act, to punish everie such Offendo' by ymprisonment, there to remaine and to be delivered by their discretion as shall seeme to them convenient; the said Fynes, yf any such be, to be certified by the said Comissioners that so assessed the same, into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer, there to be levied and paid by the Collecto'* of that part for the said Subsidies returned into the said Exchequer, to be therwith charged with the payment of the said Subsidiess, in such maner as yf the said Fynes had been sett and taxed upon the said Offendo" for the said Subsidies.

And it is also enacted by the said Authoritie of this present Parliament, That every of the said High Collecto1* which shall accompt for any part of the said Subsidies in the said Exchequer upon their severall Accomptf to be yealded, shalbe allowed at everie of the said Paym*f of the said Subsidies, for everie pound lymited to his Collection whereof any such Collecto' shalbe charged and yeald Accompt, Six pence as parcell of their Charge; that is to say, of every pound therof for such persons as then have had the perticular Collection of the Townes and other Places as is aforesaid specified in his Collection, two pence; and other two pence of every pound therof, everie of the said Chiefe Collecto" or their Accomptantf to retaine for their owne use for their Labour and Charge in and about the premisses ; and two pence of every pound residue, to be delivered allowed and paid by the said Collecto' so being therof allowed, to such of the Comissioners as shall take upon them the busines and labour for and about the premisses; that is to say, Everie Collecto' to pay that Comissioner or Comissioners which had the ordering of the Writings of and for everie of the said Subsidies where the said Collecto' or Collecto" had their Collection, for the expences for the said Comissioners, so taking upon them the said busines and labour of their Clerkf writing the said Precept? and Extract? of the said Collections; the same last Two pence of every pound, to be devided amongst the said


AJ).1605-(i.

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

1123

Comissioners, having Regard to their labour and busines taken by them and their said Clerkf in and about the

premisses; for which part so to the said Comissioners appertaining, the said Comissioners, six five sour three or

two or as many of them as shalbe therunto appointed by the Kings Ma"" Comission, and every of them> joyntly and severally for his and their said part, may have his Remedie against the Collecto' or Collecto" which therof been or might have beene allowed, by Action of Debt, in which the Defendant shall not wage his Lawe, neither Protection neither Injunction or Essoyne shalbe allowed.

XXIV.

And that no person now being of the nomber of the Companie of this present Pliament, nor any Comissioner, Members of shalbe named or assigned to be any Collecto' or Subcollecto' or Presentor of the said Subsidies, or of any part CommT.'mner.

therof; nor any Comissioners shalbe compelled to make any Presentment or Certificate, other then into the Kings See. shall not he

Majesties said Exchequer, of for or concerning the said Subsidies or any part or parcell therof; and likewise that CoUector*3tl" no other person that shalbe named or assigned to be Cdmissioners in any Place to and for thexecution of this Act of Subsidies, be or shalbe assigned or named Head Collecto' of any of the Paymentf of the said Subsidies, neither of any part therof; And that everie such person or persons which shalbe named and appointed as is aforesaid, to

be Head Collecto" of and for the first Payment of the said first Subsidie, or of any part therof, shall not be

compelled to be Collecto' for the payment of the second payment of the said first Subsidie, nor of any part therof; And he that shaibe named or appointed as aforesaid to be Collecto' of the second payment of the said first Subsidie, shall not be compelled to be Collecto' of the first payment of the said second Subsidie, nor of any part therof; And he that shalbe named or appointed as aforesaid to be Collecto' of the first Payment of the said second Subsidie, or of any part therof, shall not be compelled to be the Collecto' for the Payment of the said second payment of the said second Subsidie nor of any part therof; And he that shall be named or appointed as aforesaid to be Collecto' for the second payment of the said second Subsidie, or of any part therof, shall not be compelled to be Collecto'. of the first payment of the said third Subsidie, nor of any part therof; And he that shalbe named or appointed as aforesaid Collector* shall

to be Collecto' for the first payment of the said third Subsidie or of any part therof, shall not be compelled to j?*che^uer!

be Collecto' of the second payment of the said third Subsidie nor of any part therof; And the said Collecto" which shalbe assigned for the Collection of the said three Subsidies, or of any part therof, and every of them, be and shalbe acquitted and discharged of all maner Fees and Rewardf and of every other Charges in the Kings Majesties Exchequer or els where, of them or any of them, by reason of that Collection Payment or Accompt or any thing concerning the same to be asked ; And that yf any person receive or take any Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of any such Accomptantf, or use any unnecessarie delay in their Accompt, that then he shall forfeit to the Kings Majestic for everie peny or value of everie penny or pennyworth so taken, Five shillingf, and Five pounds to the party greived for every such delay, and suffer ymprisonment at the Kings Majesties Pleasure.

And after every taxing and assessing of the said severall Subsidies as is aforesaid had or made, and the said After *^jment

Extractf therof in parchment, unto the Collecto' in maner and forme before rehearsed delivered, The said .Vc. Commissioner*

Comissioners which shall take upon them the execuebn of this Act within the Lyihittf of their Comission, by *cr!!f™theirnsc»er*l their Agreementf shall have Meetingf together, at which Meetingf everie of the said Comissioners which then shall Assessments, with have taken upon them the Execution of any part of the said Comission, shall by himselfe or his sufficient Deputic, Collectors, trulie certifie & bring forth unto the said Comissioners named in the said Comission, the Certificate and Presentment Finc>»kc-

made before him and such other Cdmissioners as were lymited with him in one Lymitt, so that the same Certificate

may be accoinpted and cast with the other Certificates of the other Lymittf within the same Cdinission ; and then the said Commissioners and every number of them unto two at the least as is aforesaid, yf any be in Life, or their Executors or Administrators of their Goods, if they then be dead, shall joyntly and severally as they were devided within their lymittf, under their Seales by their discretion, make one or severall Writings indented, contayning in it as well the Names of the said Collecto", by the Cdmissioners for such Collections and Accomptf in the Exchequer and paymentf in the same Receipte deputed and assigned, as the grosse and severall sdmes written unto everie such Collecto" to receive the said Subsidies; And also all Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfeitures, yf any such by reason of this

Act happen to be within the Precinct and Lymit of their Comission, to be certified into the Kings Ma,i€* said

Exchequer by the said Cdmissioners; In which Writing or Writings indented so to be certified, shalbe plainly declared and expressed the whole and entire some or sdmes of the said Subsidies severally lymited to the Collection

of the said Collecto" severally deputed and assigned to the Collection of the said sdmes; So that none of the

said Collecto" so certified in the said Exchequer, shalbe compelled there to accompt or to be charged, but only to and for the sdmes lymited to his Collection, and not to or for any some lymited to the Collection of his Fellowes, but every of them shalbe severally charged for their part lymited to their Collection: And yf the said Cdmissioners Separate joyned in one Comission amongst themselves in that Matter cannot agree, or yf any of them be not ready, or refuse to make Certificate with other of the same Cdmissioners, That then the said Comissiofts may make severall Indentures Commus’ioners in forme aforesaid of their severall Lymittf or Seperations of Collectors within the Lymittf of their Comission, upon du not *11 and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like Devisions within the said severall Lymittf of their Comission, as the Places there shall require to be severed and devided, and as to the same Cdmissioners shall seeme good, to make Divisions or other Lymittf or Collections for the severall Charges of the same Collecto";

So that alwayes one Collecto' shalbe charged and accompt for his part to him to be lymited only by himselfe, and

not for any some lymited to the part of any of his Fellowes, and the charges of every of the Collecto" to be sett and

certified severally upon them; And every such Collecto' upon his Accompt and Payment of the some of Money lymitted

within his Collection to be severally by himselfe acquitted and discharged in the said Exchequer without paying any respective Districts.

maner Fees or Rewards to any person or persons for the same, upon paine and penaltie last abovesaid, and not to be

charged for any porcon of any other Collecto': And yf any Comissioner after he hath taken Certificate of them that

Original from PENN STATE

1124

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

A.D. 1605-6.

Executors,

Heirs, Sec. of Commissioners or Collectors, he. dying, shall complete their Duties.

Form of the First and subsequent Certificate!:, where all the Commissioners do not join.

XXVI. Stamford Uaron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVII. Persons having Lands and Spiritual Promotions, and Personal Property, shall be charged lor Lands, &c. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXVIII.

Exemption for Lands, Personalty, and Offices, in Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

XXIX.

Exemption for English Inhabitants of the Northern Counties.

as is aforesaid shalbe before any such Comissioners examined, and the somes rated and sett, and the Bookes and Wrytingf therof being in his Hands, or yf any Collecto' or other person charged with any Receipte of any part of the said Subsidies or any other persons taxed or otherwise by this Act charged with or for any parcell of the said Subsidies or with any other S5me Fyne Amerciament Penaltie or other Forfeiture happen to dye before the Comissioners Collecto" or other whatsoever person or persons have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that which to every such person shall appertaine or belong to doe according to this Act, then the Executors and Heires of every such pson and all other seized of any Lands and Tenementf that any such person being charged by this Act, and deceasing before he be discharged therof, or any other to his use only had of an Estate of Inheritaunce at the time that any such person was named Comissioner Collecto' or otherwise charged with or for any maner of thing to be done satisfied or paid by reason of this Act, and all those that have in their Possessions or Hands any Goods Chattells Leases or other things that were to any such person or persons at the time of his Death, or any Lands or Tenementf that were the same persons at the time he was as is aforesaid charged by this Act, shalbe by the same compelled and charged to doe and accomplish in every Case as the same person so being charged should have done or might have beene compelled to doe if he had beene in plaine life, after such Rate of the Lands and Goods of the said Comyssioner or Collecto' as the partie shall have in his hands : And if the said Comissioners for Causes reasonable them moving shall thinke it not convenient to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaid, then the said person or persons that shall first joyne together or he that shall first certifie the said Writing indented as is aforesaid shall certifie all the Names of the Comissioners of that Comission, wherupon such Writing shalbe there then to be certified with Divisions of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tythingf and other Places to and among such Comissioners of the same Comission, with the Names of the same Comissioners where such Seperations and Divisions shalbe, with the grosse somes of Money as well of and for the said Subsidies taxed or sett of or within the said Hundreds Wardes Wapentakes or other Places to him or them devided or assigned that shall so certifie the said first Writings as of the Fynes Amerciamentf Penalties and other Forfeitures, yf any happen to be within the same lymittf wherof the same Writings shalbe certified; And after such Writings indented, which as is aforesaid shalbe certified, and not containe in it the whole and full somes sett and taxed within the lymittf of the same Comission, the other Comissioners of the same before the day of Payment of the said Subsidie shall certifie into the said Exchequer by their Writing or Writings indented to be made as is aforesaid, the grosse and severall somes sett and taxed within the Places to them lymited for every of the said Subsidies and other Fynes Amerciamentf Penalties and Forfeitures with the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other Places to them assigned, or els by their said Writings indented to certifie at the same Place before the same day of Payment, such reasonable causes for then-excuses why they may not make such Certificate of and for the sayd Subsidies Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfeitures growing or sett by reason of the Causes of their lettf or of their not certifieng as is aforesaid, or els in default therof Processe to be made out of the Kings Majesties said Exchequer against the said Comissioners and every of them not making Certificate as is aforesaid by the discretion of the Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequer.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That the Inhabitantf of the Parish of Saint Martyn called Stamford Baron in the Suburbs of the Burroughe and Towne of Stamford in the Southpart of the Water there called Wellandf which heerafter shalbe contributorie to the Payment of these present Subsidies granted to the Kings Majestie his Ileires and Successors, shalbe assessed rated and taxed for the same by such Comissioners which shalbe appointed for the taxing rating and sessing of the same Subsidies within the County of Lincolne, and shalbe for the same contributorie and pay the said Subsidies to the Collecto' or Collecto" which shalbe assigned & appointed for the leavying and gathering of the same with the Aldermen and Burgesses of the same Burrough and Towne of Stanford.

Provided allwaies and be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesayd, That all and everie person and persons having Mano" Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf chargable to the payment of the said Subsidies graunted to the Kings Majesty by this Act, and also having Spirituall Possessions chargable to his said Majestie by the Grant made by the Clergie of this Realtne in their Convocation ; and over this, having Substance in Goods and Chattells chargable by this said Act, That then yf any of the said person or persons be heerafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mano" Lands and Tenementf and Spirituall Possessions, and also charged asessed Sc taxed for his and their Goods and Chattells, That then he or they shalbe only charged by vertue of this Act for his and their said Manno" Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and Spirituall Possessions, or only for his said Goods and Chattells, the best therof to be taken for the Kings Majestie, and not to be charged for both or double charged for any of them ; Any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided allwaies, That this Grant of Subsidies, or any thing therin contayned, in any wise extend not to charge the Inhabitantf dwelling in Scotland Ireland Jersey and Gamesey, or any of them, of for or concerning any Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Possessions, Goods Chattells or other moveable Substance, which the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers or any others to their use, have within Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnesey, or in any of them, or of for or concerning any Fees or Wages which any of the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers have of the Kings Majestie for their Attendance and doing service to our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie in Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnesey, or in any of them j Any thing in this present Act to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also. That this present Act of Subsidies nor any thing therin contayned, extend to any of the English Inhabitantf or Resiantf in any of the Countyes of Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland, the Towne of Berwick, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tine, and the Bishoprick of Durham, or to any of them, of for or concerning any Manno" Lands Tenementf or other Possessions Goods Chattellf or other moveable Substance, which the same English


.if.Z).1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 26.

1125

Inhabitantf or Dwellers, or any other to their use, have within the said Counties of Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland, or the Towne of Berwick, the Towne of Newcastle upon Tyne, or the Bishoprick of Durham,

or any of them, or of for or concerning any Fees or Wages which any of the English Inhabitantf or Dwellers

have of the Kings Majestie for their Attendance or doing service to the Kings Majestie, for or within the said Counties of Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland, the Towne of Berwick, the Towne of Newcastell upon Tyne, or the Bishoprick of Durham, or any of them, to or for the said taxing levying gathering or payment; but that the English Inhabitantf and Resiantf and every of them of the said Counties, Bishoprick, and Townes,

and every of them, shall be of and from the said Subsidies, and everie parcell thereof, only for their Manno"

Lands Tenementf Fees Wages Goods and Chattells, lying and being in the said Counties Townes and Bishoprick, or any of them, utterly acquitted and discharged; Any Thing in this present Act before rehearsed to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided also. That all Letters Patentf granted by the Kings Majestie or any of his most Noble Progenitors to any Citties Burroughes or Townes within this Realme, of any maner of Liberties Previledges or Exemptions, from the Liberties of Citie< burthen and charge of any such Grants of Subsidies, which be at this present tyme in force and available, shall f" "^sibs°idies • remaine good and effectuall to the said Citties Burroughes and Townes heerafter, according to the purportf therof; $ VI ]

although the Inhabitantf of the same and also the said Corporations shall, upon the great and waightie considerations of the Grant abovesaid, be for this Graunt charged and contributorie, in like maner forme and sort as other Citties Burroughes and Townes which be not in any wise previledged, but by this Act charged.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That noe Orphane or Infant within the Age of Exempt!™ for one and twentie yeares, borne within any of the Kings Majesties Dominions, shalbe charged to any payment of these Personalty of Subsidies for his or her Goods and Chattells to him or her left or bequeathed; Any Thing in this Act conteyned 0rph"’ *c' to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided also, That this Act nor any Thing therin conteyned, shall extend to the Goods or Lands of any Exemption for Colledge Hall or Hostell within the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or any of them, or to the Goods or Colleges in the Lands of the Colledge of Winton, founded by Bishop Wickham, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Eaton w^chmer.’Eton, next Windsore, or to the Lands Tenemenf or Revenues only assigned and appointed for the sustentacbn and lyving Ho«pit»l«, &c. of the poore Knightf founded in the Castell or Colledg of Windsore by our late Soveraigne Lord King Henrie the Eighte, or to any of the Goods or Chattells of the same Knightf, or any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of any comon Free Gramar Schoole within the Realme of England or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reader Schoolemaister or Scholler or any Graduate or resiant or remayning for Studie, without fraud or covyn within any of the said Universities and Colledges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxford or Suburbs of the same, or to any of them, or to any their servantf daily attending upon any of them, nor to the Goods of any Officer Minister Aimes men or servantf belonging to any of the said Universities Colledges Halls or Hostellf, and dwelling and resiant within the said Universities or either of them, or within either of the said Townes of Cambridge and Oxford and the Suburbes of the same, without fraude or covyn, or to the Goods and Lands of any Hospitall Maisondieu or Spittle House, prepared and used for the Sustentac&n and Releif of poore People; Any Thing in this Act contained to the contrarie in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it further enacted, That the said Grant of Subsidies or any Thing therin conteyned, doe Exemption1 for .not in any wise extend or be prejuditiall or hurtful! to any of the Inhabitantf or Resiantf having dwelt for the most the Cinque Ports, part of the yeare next before the taxing and assessing of these Subsidies as aforesaid within the Five Ports corporate, or to any their Members incorporated or united to the same Five Ports, or to any of the same Five Ports, but that such the Inhabitantf or Resiantf as aforesaid in the said Five Ports corporate, and their Members, be and shall be of and from the said Grant and Payment of everie of the said Subsidies and every part therof, and only during such their Resiancie as aforesaid and noe longer, clearly discharged and acquitted; Any Matter or whatsoever Thing in this present Act had or made to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided also. That the said Grant of Subsidies and Six Fyfteenes and Tenthes, doe not in any wise extend to be prejudiciall or hurtfull to the English Inhabitantf or Resiantf at this present time within the Liberties of Rumney Marshe, of or for any part of the said somes granted in this present Parliam', of the said English Inhabitants now there resiantf, or any of them, to be taxed set asked levyed or paid. But that the said English Inhabitantf and now Resiantf of Rumney Marshe aforesaid, and every of them, be and shall be of and from the said Grant and Payment of the said Subsidies and Six Fyfteenes and Tenthes, during their resiancie there and no longer, acquitted and discharged; Any Matter and whatsoever thinge in this present Act made to the contrarie notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That yf any Alien or Stranger borne, Denizen or not Denizen, and dwelling or inhabiring within this Realme of England, shall assigne and convey over unto his or their Child or Children borne within this sayd Realme of England, any his or their Lands Tenementf Goods or Chattells, to the intent therby to defraud the Kings Majestie of his said Subsidies of or for the same, That then all and every such Child or Children so being seized of any such Lands and Tenementf, or possessed of any such Goods or Chattells, shall be charged and chargable to and with the paiment of double the said Subsidies for the same Lands Tenementf Goods and Chattells, at the said Rates and Values as Aliens and Strangers, Denizens or not Denizens, are before lymytted and appointed to pay.

XXXIV. Exemption for the English Inhabitant! of Romney Marsh.

XXXV. Children of Aliens, to whom Landi or Goodi are assigned in Evasion of this Act, shall pay Double Rates.


13 G


Original from PENN STATE

1126

3° Jac. I. c. 26, 27

A.D. 1605-6.

XXXVI. Persons chargeable with Myses in Wales, &c. shall not be charged with Subaidiea under thia Act, until Termination of •uch Myses.

XXXVII. Certificate of Termination of •uch Myiei.

XXXVIII. Exemption for Northern Counties in i XXIX shall not be drawn into Precedent.

Motives for this Pardon i

General Pardon of all Offences, &c. not expressly excepted, committed, &c. before sj Sept. An. 3 Jac. I.

Provided also, That forasmuch as divers and sundrie the Kings Majesties Tennantf and other Inhabitantf and Dwellers within the Counties of Penbrooke Carmarthen Cardigan Glamorgan Brecnock Radno' Montgomerie Denbigh Flint Merionneth Anglesey Carnarvon and of the Countie Palentine of Chester, be at this present time charged and chargable w*h the severall paymentf of divers great somes of Money, by the name of Myzes due to his Majestie according to the severall Customes of the said Counties: Be it therefore ordained and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That this Act of Subsidies or any thing therin contained shall not extend to charge any of the Kings Tennantf and other Inhabitantf and Dwellers within any of the said Counties of Penbrooke Carmarthen Cardigan Glamorgan Brecnock Radno' Montgomery Denbigh Flint Merioneth Anglesey Carnarvon and the Countie Palentine of Chester, being charged or chargable with the said Myzes payable to the Kings Majestie for or in any of the Paymentf of the said Subsidies granted to the Kings Majestie by this Act, untill the said severall daies and times for the Payment of the said Mizes shall be expired; And that then the first Payment of the said first Subsidie

shalbe made at the Receipt of the Exchequer, at or before the first day of August next following after the last

dayes appointed for the last Payment of the said Myzes; And the second Payment of the said first Subsidie to be

made at or before the first day of May then next following the said first Payment of the said first Subsidie;

And the first Payment of the said Second Subsidie to be made at or before the first day of November then next following the said second Payment of the said first Subsidie; And the second Payment of the said second Subsidie to be made at or before the first day of May then next following after the said first Payment of the said second Subsidie ; And the first Payment of the said third Subsidie to be made at or before the first day of May next after the said second Payment of the said second Subsidie; And the second Payment of the said third Subsidie to be at or before the first day of May then next following after the said first Payment of the said third Subsidie.

And furthermore be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That the Tennantf and Dwellers of everie of the said Counties in this Proviso remembred, shall severally before the Feast of Saint Luke the Evangelist now next ensueing certifie into the said Court of Exchequer, under the Seales of two Justices of Peace of every of the said Counties, (whereof the one to be of y* Quop) when and what day the last payment of the said severall Myzes now due in any of the said Counties shall end and expire.

Provided allwaies and be it further enacted, That the Exception and Exemption of the Bishoprick of Durham, the Counties of Cumberland Northumberland and Westmerland, and of the Townes of Newcastle and Barwick, from the payment of the Subsidies and Fyfteenes before in this present Act mentioned given and granted, be nor shalbe at any time heerafter any Cause President or Example why y* said severall Places and Counties (which by his Majesties happie Possession of both Crownes of England and Scotland are eased of the former Miseries and Troubles) should not be charged and chargable with such Subsidies and Fyfteenes as shalbe heerafter thought fit to be given and granted.

CHAPTER XXVIL (’)

An Acte for the Kings Majesties most gracious generall and free Pardon.

THE Kinges Majestie most gratiously consideringe the good Will and faithful! Harts of his most loving and obedient Subjectes which as at all times so at this pnt specially they have w"1 most dutiful! Affection shewed towardes his Highnesse, and for the Defence of this Realme; And understanding that the same his loving Subjects have many and sundry waies by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme fallen into the daunger of divers great Penalties and Forfeytures, Is of his princely and $cifull disposicion most graciously inclyned by his liberal! and free Pardon to discharge some parte of those great Paines Forfeytures and Penalties wherwith his said Subjects stand now burthened & chardged, trusting they will be thereby the rather moved and induced from henceforth more carefully to observe his Highnes Lawes and Statutes, and to continue in their loyall and due Obedience to his Majestye: And therefore his Ma,y is well pleased and contented that it be enacted by the authority of this p>sent Parliament, in manhl and forme followinge, That is to say; That all and every the said Subjects, aswell Spirituall as Temporall, of this his Highnes Realme of England Wales the lies of Jernesey and Garnesey and the Towne of Barwick, the Heires Successo" Executo" and Administrato" of them and every of them, and all and singular Bodies in any manner of wise corporated, Citties Boroughes Shires Ridingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages Hamlettf and Tithingf, and e9ie of them, and the Successo' and Successo" of ev\e of them, shalbe by the authority of this £>sent Pliam* acquited pdoned & released and discharged against the Kings Ma,le his Heires and Successo", and e9ye of them, of all manner of Treasons Felonies Offences Contemptes Trespasses Entries Wrongs Deceits Misdemeano" Forfeitures Penalties and Somes of Money paines of Death, paines corporall & pecuniarie, and geSally of all other Things Causes Quarrells Suites Judgem'f and Execucons, in this psent Act hereafter not excepted nor foreprized, wcl1 may be or can be by his Highnes in any wise or by any meanes pdoned, before and unto the fyve & twentieth day of September last past, to every or any of his said Subjects Bodies corporat Citties Boroughes Shires Ridingf Hundrethes Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages and Tithingf, or any of them.

1 From the Original Act. See Note at the beginning of this Year.


i

A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c.27.

1127

And allso the Kinges Ma"e is contented that it be enacted by the authoride of this psent Parliament, That his said free Pardon shall be as good and effectuall in the Lawe to every of his said Subject?, Bodies Corporate, and others before rehearsed, in for and against all thinges wrt be not hereafter in this psent Acte excepted and forepr^ed, as the same Pardon should have bin, if all Offences Contempt? Forfeitures Causes Matte's Suites Quarrells Judgment? Execuf&ns Penalries and all other thinges, not hereafter in this psent Acte excepted & foreprized, had bin pticularly singularly specially and plainely named rehearsed and speid, and also pdoned by proper and expsse Word? and Names in their kindes natures and qualities, by Wordes and Termes thereunto requisite to have bin put in and exposed in this psent Acce of free Pardon; And that his said Subjectes, nor any of them, nor the Heires Executo" or Administrate" of any of them, nor the said Bodies Corporate and other before named and rehearsed, nor any of them, be nor shall be sued vexed or inquieted in their Bodies Goodes Chatties Landes or Tenem1?, for any manS of Matter Cause Contempt Misdemeano' Forfeiture Trespasse Offence or any other Thinge, suffred done or comitted, before the said fyve & twenty day of September last past, against his Highnes his Crowne Dignitie Prerogative Lawes or Statutes, but onely for such Matt" Causes and Offences as be rehearsed menc&ned or in some wise touched in the Excepc&ns of this psent Acte hereafter menc5ned to be foreprized and excepted* and for none other ; Any Statute or Statutes Lawes Customes or Usages heretofore had made or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And the Kinges Highnes of his bounteous liberality, by the Authorise of this psent Pliament, graunteth and freely giveth to ev'ie of his Subject?, and to everie of the said Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed, and ev^e of them, all Goods Chattle? Debt? Fynes Yssues Profitt? AiSciament? Forfeytures and Sommes of Money by any of them forfeyted, wch to his Highnes doe or should belong or appertayne, by reason of any Offence Contempt Trespasse Entry Misdemeano' Matt' Cause or Quarrell done or edmitted by them or any of them before the said xxv'b daie of September, w'* be not hereafter in this psent Acte foreprised and excepted.

And be it enacted nev’thelesse, That all Graunt? thereof, or of any parte thereof, made by any such as have so forfaited the same, and are thereby restored as aforesaid, and all Execudftns thereof or of any pte thereof, had against any such after such Forfeiture thereof comitted or made shall be of such Force and Effect as if no such Forfeyture thereof had bin had or made, and of no other; The same Forfeyture or any thinge before in this

Acte to the contrary notwithstanding. And that all and every the Kinges said Subject?, and all and singular Bodies

Corporate and others before rehearsed, may by him or themselves, or by his or their Deputie or Deputies or by his or their Attorney or Attorneyes, accordinge to the Lawes of this Realme, pleade and minister this present Acte of free Pardon, for his or their discharge of and for any thing that is by vertue of this psent Acte pardoned

discharged given or graunted, w^out any Fee or other thing in any wise payinge to any person or persons for

Writing or Entry of the Judgment? or oth' Cause con&iinge such Plea Writinge or Entry, but onely Sixteene pence to be paid to the Offic' or Clarke that shall enter such Plea Matt' or Judgement for the pties discharged in that behalfe; Any Lawe Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

And Furthermore the King? Highnes is contented and pleased that it be enacted by the authority of this psent Parham1, That his said free Pardon by the geSall Wordes Clauses and Sentences before rehearsed, shall be reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken, in all manS of Court? of his Highnes and elsewhere, most beneficiall and availeable to all and singular his said Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed, and to e9ie of them, in all thing? not in this psent Acte excepted or foreprized, w^out any Ambiguitie Question or other delay whatsoever it shall be, to be made pleaded objected or alleadged by the King o’ Sov*aigne Lord his Heires or Successors, or by his or any of their geSall Attorney or Attorneyes, or by any person or psons for his Highnes or any of his Heires or Successo".

And furthermore it is enacted by the Kinge o' SoPaigne Lord by the authority of this psent Parliam1 That if any Officer or Clarke of any of his Highnes Court? comonly called the Chancy King? Bench and Comon Place, or of his Excheq', or any other Offic' or Clarke of any other of his Highnes Court? w‘"in this Realme, at any time after the last day of this psent Session of Parliament, make out or write out any mannl of Writtes Processe Sumons or other pcept? wherby any of the said Subject? or any of the said Bodies Corporated or others before rehearsed or any of them, shalbe in any wise arrested attached distrained sumoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or greived in his or their Bodies Lands Tenem1? Goodes or Chatties or in any of them, for or bycause of any tnann! of thinge pdoned or discharged by 9tue of this Acte of free Pardon; Or if any Shiriffe or Escheato' or any other their Deputy or Deputies or any Bailief or other Officer whatsoev' by Colo' of his or their Office, or otherwise, after the said last daie of this psent Session of Parliam1, doe levy receave take or w"’ould of or from any person or persons any thinge pdoned or discharged by this Acte, that then every such pson so offending and thereof lawfully convicted or condemned by any sufficient Testimony Wittnesse or Prooffe, shall yeeld and pay for Recompence thereof to the ptie soe greeved or offended therby, his or their treble Damage sbesides all Costes of the Suite, and shall allso forfeit and loose to the King? Ma,K' for ePy such default, Ten pound: And neverthelesse all and singul' such Writt? Processe and pcept? so to be made for or upon any manti of thing pdoned or discharged by this psent Acte of free Pardon, shall be utterly void and of none effect.

Excepted and alwaies foreprized out of this geSall and free Pdon, all and all manff of High Treasons and other Offences comitted or donne by any person or p6ons against the King? most Royall person, and all Conspiracies and Confederacies traiterously had comitted or done by any person or persons against the King? Ma1*" Royall person,

II.

Thit Pardon at valid by general Wordt, at if all Offence! &c. were particularly specified.

111. Grant of all Forfeitu ret, on OiTencet pardoned.

IV.

Pardon may be pleaded without Feet; except 16d. to the Clerk.

V.

This Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

VI.

Penalty on Officers of Courts issuing Process for Offence! hereby pardoned, Treble Damages; and Process declared void.

VII.

Exceptions from this Pardon: Certain Treasons;

Gck»

1128

3° Jac. I. c. 27.

A.D. 1605-6.

Counterfeiting, Sec. of Money

Misprision of Trewon; Murders [

Piracies

Burglaries; Robberies;

Horse-stealing;

Arsons; Rapes, See. j

Bigamies; Escapes; Attainders;

Witchcrafts;

Taking Issues of Goods of Felons, See. i

Forfeitures of Goods;

Seditious Libels, &c.;

Intrusions, Wastes, Sec. in the King’s Lands, Sec

Alienations without Licence;

Wastes in Lands of the King's Wards, &c.;

Concealed Wards;

Ravishments of Wards t

Fines for Widows’ Marriages.

VIII.

Livery of Lands shall be duly sued, and Fines thereon paid by all Persons, although no Office be found.

and all and all mann! of levying of Warre, and Rebellions and Insurrections whatsoever: And also excepted all and ePie mann! of Treasons comitted or done by anie person or persons in the ptes beyond the Seas or in any other Place out of the Kings Dominions; And alsc all Suites Punishm'f Execuc6ns Paines of Death Forfeytures and Penalties for or by reason or occasion of any the Treasons and Offences before rehearsed: And also excepted out of this Pardon all Offencf of forging and false counterfeiting the Kings Maf Great or Privie Seale, Signe Manuell or Privy Signett, or of any the Moneys currant w,hin this Realme; And also all Offenses of unlawfull diminishinge of anie the said Moneys by any way or meanes whatsoev' contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme; And allso all Misprisions and Concealem'f of Highe Treason; And also all abettinge ayding comforting or peuringe of the same Offences or any of the said Treasons: And also excepted out of this Pardon all manS of voluntary Murders Petit Treasons and willfull Poysoningf done or comytted by any pson or psons, and all and ePye the Accessaries to the same Offences or any of them, before the said Offences comitted: And also excepted and foreprized out of this geSall Pardon, all and ePie Offences of Piracie and Robberie done upon the Seas, and all and epy comfortinge procuring or abetting of the same Offences had done or comitted: And also excepted out of this Pardon all Burglaries, comitted or done in any Dwelling House or Houses, and all Accessaries to any the said Burglaries before the same Burglary comitted: And also excepted all Robberies done upon or to any Mans or Womans person in the High way or elsewhere, and all &s ingul' Accessaries of or to any such Robberies before the said Robberie comitted: And also excepted the felonious stealing of any Horse Gelding or Mare, and all Accessaries therunto before the same Felony comitted, and all Judgirff and ExecucSns of and for the same: And also all wilfull Burningf of any dwelling House or Howses, or of any Barne or Barnes wherein any Corne was: And also excepted all Rapes and carnall Ravishementf of Women; And allso all Ravishmentf and willfull taking away or marryinge of any Mayd Widdow or Damosell against her will, or w^out the Assent or Agreement of her Parents or of such as then hadd her in Custody ; And also all Offences of ayding comforting peuring or abbetting of any such Ravishment wilfull taking or marrying had comitted or done: And all Offences made Felonie by a certaine Acte made at the last Cession of Pliament, intituled An Acte to restraine all Persons from Marriage untill their former Wives and former Husbandes be dead; And also excepted all wilfull Escapes of anie Trayto1*: And also excepted out of this Pdon, all psons now attainted or outlawed of or for any Treason Petit Treason Murd' Wilfull Poysoninge Burglary or Robbery, and all Execuc&ns of and for the same: And also excepted all Offences of InvocacSns Conjurac&ns Wytchcraftes Sorceryes Inchantmentf and Charmes, and all Offences of procuringe abbetting or comfortinge of the same, & all psons now attainted or convicted of any the said Offences: And also excepted all and everie mann! of takinge from the Kings Malie of anie Goods or Chatties, or the Yssues Rents Revenues or Proffittf of any Manno" Landes Tents or Hereditam'f w* were of any Traitor Murderer Felon Clark or Clarkf attainted or Fugitives, or any of them; And allso excepted all Goods and Chatties in any wise forfeyted to the Kings Ma"' by reason of any Treason Petit Treason Murder or Felony heretofore comitted or done: And also excepted all Offences of or in making writing printing or publishinge or in consenting to the making writing printing or publishing of any false seditious or sclanderous Booke or Bookes Libell or Libells in any wise against the Kings Ma*' or the p>sent Government of this Realme, in Causes either Ecclesiasticall or Temporall, or against any person or persons: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Intrusions and spoile of Woodes had made or done by any person or persons in or upon any of the Manno" Landes Tenementf or other Hereditamentf of o' said Soveraigne Lord the King, and all Wastes done comitted or suffred upon any such Landes Tenem'f or Hereditamentf, and the wrongfull taking of any the Rents Yssues and Proffittf of the same Manno" Lands Tenem'f or Hereditam'f of o' said Soveraigne Lord the King, and also all Suites Accomptes and Impetifbns of and for the same: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Alienaf&ns of anie Lands Tenementf or Hereditam'f without License, and all Fines Yssues and Pfittes that may or ought to growe or come to the Kings Ma* by reason of any such Alienac6n w,hout License: And also excepted out of this Pardon all Wastes comitted or done in any of the Kings Wardes Lands, or in the Wards Landes of anie of the Kings C5mittees; And also all and ePie Fine and Fines for the single or double Value of the Marriage or Marriagf of all and every Warde or Wardes at any time heretofore growen to the Kings Mato or any his noble Progenito": And also excepted all concealed Wardes and the Lands of such Wardes concealed, and all Li Pies and Primer Seisons and Oustre le maines that ought to be had done or sued for the same: And also excepted out of this geSall Pardon, all Ravishm'f and wrongfull taking or w^oulding of any of the Kings Wards or Wards Lands, or the Rents & Proffittf of the same at any time c5men or growen to the Kings Hands; and epy Thinge that by reason of any Ward or Wards Landes, or for default of suing or prosecuting of any Livery, ought to come or be to the Kinges Ma'1’, and w* as yet is not discharged: And also excepted all Fynes that should or ought to growe to the Kings Ma"' of any of his Widdowes that have married w^out Licenses.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authority of this p'sent Parliam', That the Kings Mau* his Heires and Successo", shall have and enjoy the full and whole InPest Benefitt Profit and Advantage of all Wardshipps LiPies Primer Seisons and Ouster le maines of Landes Tentes and Hereditam'f, and all meane Yssues Rates and Proffittf for not psecuting or not suing of any Liverye or Ouster le mayne, as if this Acte hadd never beene had or made; And that all and every person or persons w^ have tendered or ought to sue his her or their, or any of their Liveries or Ouster le maynes, of or for any Manno" Lands Tenementf or Hereditam'f whatsoever they be, shall sue his her and their Liverie and Liveries and Ouster le maynes out of o' said Soveraigne Lord the Kings handes, and shall answere and pay their Fines Yssues and meane Proffittf for his or their Manno" Lands Tenem'f & Hereditam'f, in like mann! and forme to every respect as they and every of them should or ought to have done if this Acte had neP


A.D. 1605-6.

3° Jac. I. c.27

1129

i

k

i

i

i

k

k

i

i

i

i

i

i

i

k

i

i

i

i

k

H

i

k

B

I

k

i

i

i

it

i

t

t

a

I

A

k

k

i

ii

n

k



i

i

t

i


i

j

been had ne made, notw^standing the not finding of any Office or Offices, or any other Matt' whatsoever; Any Article Thinge or Thinges in this psent Acte of geSall Pardon comprised and specified to the contrary notw^standing.

And also excepted & foreprised out of this Pardon, all such persons as the last day of this psent Session of Parliam' be in Prison within the Tower of London, or in the Prison of the M'shalsey, or in the Prison of the Fleet, or otherwise restrained of Liberty, by expose Comaundment from the Kings Ma'1, or by the Cotnaundement or direction of anie of his Ma'f Privy Councell: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all and ev*ie such person & persons wrt at any time sithence the beginning of the Kings Ma'f Raigne, have fled out of this Realme of England, or any other the Kinges Dominions, for any Offence of High Treason Pettit Treason or Misprision of Treason: And also excepted all such persons as be gone or fled out of this Realme for any Cause contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme w^out the Kinges Ma"" License; And also excepted, all such persons as have obtained and had Licence to depte this Realme for a certaine time, nowe doe abide out of the Realme w'"out any lawfull excuse after the time of their Licence expired: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all and ev^e Concealementf

or wrongfull Deteinemf of any Custome or Subsidy due to the Kings Ma'1, and all Corrupc&ns and Misdt.r.cano" ot

any Officer or Minister of or con&ung Custome or Subsidy, and all Accomptf Impetic&ns and Suites to be had made or done for the same: And also excepted, all and singul' Accounts of all and evie Collecto' and Collecto" of any Subsidy Fifteene Custome or other Thinge, and all Accounts of ev*y other person whatsoev' that ought to be accomptant to the Kings Highnes or to King Henry the Eight, or to King Edward the Sixt, or Queene Mary,

or Queene Elizabeth, or to any of them, and the Heires Executo" and Administrate" of ev'y such person that ought

to account, for all Thinges touching only the same Accounts, and all and singul' Arrerages of Accomptf, and all untrue Accounts, and all Impetic&ns Charges of Seisures Suites Demaundes and Execuc&ns w" may or can be had of

or for any Accompt or Accompts, or any Arrerages of the same: And also excepted all Inclosures and decayes

of Houses or Husbandry, and the convWg and keeping of any Land from Tillage to Pasture, made done comitted

or permitted contrary to the forme and effect of any Statute or Statutes heretofore made: And also excepted

and foreprized out of this Pardon, all and all man9 of Deceits and Offences of all and singul' Monyers and other Offic" Minters and Workemen of or in any the Kinges Ma'f Mints wu'in this Realme or any other his Dominions, and all Impetic&ns & Punishm'f for the same: And also excepted, all Titles and Acc&ns of Quare Impedit, and all Homages Reliefe and Reliefs Hariotf Rents 5vices Rent Charges Rent Seckf and the Arrerages of the same, not done or paid to the Kings Highnes: And also excepted, all Condif&ns and Covenantf, and all Penaltyes Tytles and Forfeytures of Condic&n or Condic&ns Covenant or Covenantf accrued or growen -to the Kinges Ma'1* by reason of the breach and not performing of any Coven'nte or Condition whatsoever: And also excepted, all somes of Money granted to the Kings Ma'" or any his noble Progenito", by way or meane of Subsidy Fifteene Tenth or otherwise, and all Concealem'f Fraudes and Offences by w* his Mau* hath beene deceived, or not truly answered of or for the same : And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Debts wch were or be due to o' Sov^aigne Lord the Kinge or to the most noble King of famous Memory King Henry the Seventh, King Henry the Eight King Edward the Sixte, Queene Mary, or the late Queene Elizabeth, or to any person or persons for or to any of their Uses, by any Condetnpnac&n Recognizance Obligation or otherwise; (other then such Debts as are due upon any Obligac&n or Recognizance forfeited before the said xxv1" daie of September, for non apparance in any Co'te or other Place whatsoev5, or for not keeping of the Peace or not being of good Behavio' w* Debts growen or accrued upon these Causes by this free Pdon be and shall be cleerly pardoned and discharged): And also excepted and foreprized out of this Pardon, all and singular Penalties Forfeytures and sdmes of Money, being due or accrued to o' Sov^aigne Lord the Kinge, by reason of any Acte Statute or Statutes, wti Forfeytures Penalties and somes of Money be conv'ted into the Nature of Debt by any Judgment Order or Decree, or by the Agreem' of the Offendor or Offend": And also excepted all Forfeytures of all Leases Estates or InPestf of any Landes Tenem'f or Hereditamf houlden of o' Sovaigne Lord the Kings Ma"' by Knightf §vice, or in Socage in Capite, or otherwise by Knightf S'vice, made in one or sev^all Assurances or Leases for any terme or Vmes of yeares, wherupon the ould and accustomed Rent or more is not res'ved : And also excepted all First Fruites and Tenthes at this p'sent being due to be paid to his Ma'» by force of any Acte or Statute or otherwise: And allso excepted all Penalties and Forfeitures whereof there is any good Pditt in any Suite given or past for the Kings Ma'1': And allso excepted all Forfeitures and oth’ Penalties and Pffittes now due accrued or growen, or w1* shall or may be due accrue or growe to the Kings MaIy, by reason of any Offence Misdemeano' or Contempt, or oth' Act or Deed had sufired comitted or done contrary to any Acte Statute or Statutes, or contrary to the c5mon Lawes of this Realme, and whereof or for the which any Acc&n Bill Plaint or Informaum at any time w^in eighte yeeres next before the last daie of this p'sent Session of Parliam' hath bin or shall lie exhibited comenced or sued in the Co'tf of Starr Chamber or Excheq' Chamber, or in any the Kings Ma"" Co'ttf at Westminster, and now ys, or the said last daie of this Session of Parliam' shall be there depending or remayning to be prosecuted, or whereof the Kings Ma,ic by his Bill signed heretofore hath made any Gift or Assignment to any person or persons: And also excepted out of this genlall and free Pardon all Offences Contemptf Disorders Covens Fraudes Deceiptf and Misdemeano" whatsoever heretofore comitted or done by any person or persons, and whereof or for the w"1 any Suite by Bill Plaint or Information at any dme w^in foure yeeres next before the last daie of this p'sent Session of Parliament, ys or shalbe comenced or exhibited in the Court of Starre Chamber at Westminster, and shall be there the same last day of this Session of Parliament depending, or wherupon any Sentence or Decree is given or entred : And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences of Perjuries and subornac&n of Witnesses; and Offences of forging and counterfeiting of any false Deedes Lscriptes or Writings, and all procuring and counselling of any such counterfeiting or forging to be had or made:

IX.

Further Exception!: Prisoner* in •pecial Cuitody ; Fugitives for Treaion, See. j

Persons absent from the Realm without Licence;

Concealment of C'litoms, kc.

Collector* and Accountant* to the Crown

Unlawful Inclosure*, Sec.;

Offence* of Moueyer*, kc. of the Mint*;

Quare Impedit*, Homage*, See.;

Breaches of Covenant to the Crown;

Subsidies

Debt* to the Crown except on certain Recognizance*;

Forfeiture* adjudged. See.;

Forfeiture* of Lei set, kc.;

Fir*t Fruit* and Tenth*; Penalties recovered by Verdict; or proceeded for, or granted by, the Crown;

Contempts, See. depending in the

Star-Chamber i

Perjurie*; Forgerie* of Deed*, &c.:

i

G(X

1130

3° Jac. I. c. 27.

A.D. 1605-6.

Exportation of Gold or Silver;

Incest, ice.; Usury j

Disturbing Divine Service;

Convictions for striking in Courts of Justice;

Premunire;

Dilapidations; Exporting Ordnance;

Covenous Actions for Penalties;

Embezzling Stores;

Extortions, See. by Stewards of the Crown Manors, Under Sheriffs, &c.

Offencesin Windsor or WalthaniForests.

Issues, Fines, See. affered, 4cc. above £6, See.

All other Fines parJoned:

Proviso for duly estreating all Fines, Issues, Ac. whether pardoned or not.

Forfeitures on Outlawries granted by the Crown.

Offences against St. Z7 Eliz. c. 2. by Jesuits, &c.

Offences against St. 23 Eliz. c. 1. until Submission and Conformity of Offenders.

And also excepted out of this Pardon all and ePie Offence or Offences touching or con&unge the carrying sending or conveying ovr the Seas or out of this Realtne of any Gould SilP Jewells, or any Coyne of Gold or SilP, contrary to the Lawes or Statu tf of this Realme, unles it were by the Kings Licence: And allso excepted out of this Pardon, all Offencf of Incest Adulterie Fornicac&n & Sitnonie; and all such Usurie for w*" any Interest hath ben received or taken sithens the said xxv1* daie of September; and all Misdemeanors & Disturbancf edmitted or made in any Church or Chappell in the time of C5mon Praier Preaching or Dyvine Service there used to the Disturbance thereof, and all Owtlaries and ftecuc&ns uppon the same: And also excepted all Offences of drawing of Weapons unlawfull Striking or giving of Blowes, & all other force or violence edmitted or donne in any Terme Time, in the view of any of the Kings Courts judicially sitting at or in Westminster Hall, for the which any personne or psonnes now stand indyted convicted or attainted in anie of his Ma'f said Courtes: And also excepted all Offences wherby any person may be charged w,h the penalty and daunger of Premunire, & of the which Offence or Offences any person standeth already indicted or otherwise lawfully condempned or convicted: And also excepted all Dilapidations for w® anie suite ys, or before the end of this Session of Parham* shalbe depending: And also excepted all Offences whatsoev* in shipping or willingly assentinge or causing to be shipped to be transported into any the parts beyond the Seas out of the obedience of his Mau*, any Gunes Ordinance Shott or Gun mettall contrary to the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme, w*out License of his Ma"* in that behalfe first hadd and obtayned : And also all such as covenously, or by Consent or for the Relief of any such as have offended in or against any popular or penall Statute, have for the same Offence or Offences exhibited any Acf&n Bill Plaint Informacftn or Suite against any such Offendor or Offendo": And also excepted all Offences in taking away imbezeling or purloyninge any the Kings Ma"" Goods Money Chatties Jewells Armour Munition Ordinance or other Habilimentf of Warr: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all manS of Extortions whatsoev*, and also excepted all Covens Frauds Deceits and other Disorders and Misdemeano*’ whatsoever heretofore comitted or done by any Steward of his Ma'f Manno" or Courts Und'sheriff or by any Officer or Minister in any of his Highnes Courts, in or by reason or colour of any of their Offices or Places, or any their Deputies or Clarkf; and all Offences of ayding comforting or assisting or procuring of any Undersheriffe, or any such Officer Minister or Clark, in contriving doeing or executing any such Extortion Exaction Coven Fraud Deceit Disorder or Misdemeano*: And also excepted, all Offences Contemptf Disorders and Misdemeano*1 comitted or done by any person or persons contrary to the Lawes of the Forrestf, within the Circuite or pcinct of his Ma,kl Forrestf of Windsor and Waltham or of either of them, and all Penalties for the same: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Yssues Fynes & AiSciamentf being totted levied or received by any Sheriffe Undersheriffe Bailiffe Mynister or other Officer to or for the Kings Ma"" use or behooffe before the last day of this psent Session of Parham*; and all Issues Fines and AiSciamentf afferred taxed sett estreated or entred severally or pticularly touching or conc?ning any one person or mo persons joyntly or sePally above the some of sixe poundes; And also excepted, all Yssues Fines and AiSciamentf retorned afferred taxed set or entred severally or pticularly in any Court of Record at Westminster, at any time sithence the Feast of S* Bartholomew the Apostle last past: And yet neverthelesse all other Fines, as well Fines Pro licencia concordandi, as others set taxed estreated or entred before the said Feast of S* Bartholomew, and also all Yssues and Aniciamentf, as well reall as others, w*"in any Liberties or w""out, being set taxed estreated or entred before the said Feast of S* Bartholomew, and wch severally or pticularly extend to or under the some of Sixe Pounds, and not above, whether they be estreated or not estreated, or whether they be turned into Dett, or not turned into Dett, and not being totted levied or received by any Sheriffe Under Sheriffe Minister or other Officer to or for the Kings Ma'f use or behooffe, before the last day of this pnt Session of Parliam', shall be freely cleerely and plainely pardoned and discharged against the Kings Ma'1*, his Heires and Successo*1 for ev*, by force of this psent Acte of Free Pardon. And yet nevertheles all Estreatf of such Fines Yssues and Amerciamentf as be now pardoned by this Acte, and wrt be already estreated forth of the Court of Exchequer, and be remaining in the Hand of the Sheriffe Und'shiriffe or Bailiffe for collecting of the same Fynes Issues and AiSciamentf, shall upon the reto'ne of the same Estreatf, be orderly charged and deliPed by Scrowes into the Office of the Pipe in the Court of Excheq*, as heretofore hath bin accustomed; to thentent that therupon order may be taken that his Mau* may be truly answered of all such Fines Yssues and Aificiamentf not by this Act pardoned, and which any Sheriffe Undersheriff Bailiff or other Offic' or Minister hath receved or ought to answere by Force or Colo* of any such Estreat Processe or pcept to him or them made for the levying thereof; And yet that notwithstanding, all and ePie Sheriff and Sheriff? and oth* Accountant upon his or their petition or petitions to be made for the Allowance of any such Fines Yssues and AiSciamentf as by this Act is pardoned, shall have all and ePie such his and their Petition allowed in his and their Accountt and Accounts, wthout paying any Fee or Reward to any Officer Clark or other Minister for the making entring or allowing of any such Petition or Petitions; Any Usage or Custome to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Goodes Chatties Debts Accons and Suites allready forfeited, or whereof any Right or Title is accrued and growen to the Kings Ma’», by reason of any Outlawry, and whereof the Kings Ma*' by his Highnes tres Patentf hath before the last day of this psent Session of Parliament, made any Graunt Covenant or ■Pmise to any pson or psons: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all such persons which have comitted or done any Offence or Offences contrary to the teno* or effect of the Statute made in the seven & twentieth yeere of Raigne of the late Quene Elizabeth, intituled An Act against Jesuites Seminary Priests and other such disobedient persons, or of any part thereof; And all Outlawries Proceedingf Judgmentf and Execuc&ns upon the same Offences or any of them: And also excepted, all persons w* have edmitted or done any Offence contrary to the Statute made in the three and twentith yeere of y* Raigne of the said late Quene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte to retayne the Quenes Ma'f Subjects in their due Obedience, or any pte thereof, and all Outlawries Proceedingf and Judgmf and Execuc&ns upon the same Offences or any of them, for such or so long time as they shall continue disobedient or wilfully obstinate in any


A.D. 16Q5-6.

3° Jac. I. c. 27.

1131

5



H

Ki

4

k

!Hi

a

i*




i\

k

i

B;

Hi

II

I

6

i i

H

ii

Ii

n

IB

i

of the same Offences: And yet nevertheles whensoevr the same persons or any of them shall willingly submitt

themselves in their due Obedience to his Ma,ie, and will come to the Church to heare Divine Service, & willingly

refuse the said wilfull Obstinacy, and conforme themselves in the said causes of Religion and Doctrine, and

continue in such their Conformitie and due Obedience to his Ma"*, according as by the Lawes Sc Statutf of this

Realme they ought to doe, That then and from thenceforth all and every such person and persons so submittinge

and yeelding themselves in their due Obedience towards his Ma,e and so continuing in the same, shall forthwith be

received and enabled by force of this Acte to have and enjoy the full Benefitt of this genial/ Pardon, as largely

and fully in all Respects as any other of his Ma*f good Subjects have or ought to enjoy by ftue of this Acte of

gefiall Pardon: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all such persons as be and remaine still attainted or Pertoni attainted

condemned, and not already pardoned of or for any Rebellion or levying of Warr, or of or for any Conspiracy of ° * °°'

any Rebellion or levying of Warr, w^n this Realme or in any other the Kings Dominions: And also excepted all Forgeries of

false forging and counterfeiting of any Commission or Commissions to enquire of any Land? Tenem'f or Hereditament f, Billa

and also all false forging and counterfeiting of any untrue Certificate or Retome of any Comission or Comissions obtayned the

or gotten forth of any Court or Courts to enquire of the Lands Tenem'f or other Things whatsoever; and all and all

manS falsifyinge of any parricul' or of any Bill or Bills signed by his Ma"* after the ingrossing thereof, and before the

passing of the same unto the Great Seale: And also except out of this Pardon, all Offences comitted or done by any New Erection

person or persons in new building dividing of tenementf taking of Inmates new Inclosures and other Nusances in anie Build,nZr

place w^n the Cittie of London and Suburbs of the same, or within three miles of the said Cittie, contrary to the Law,

or any his Ma'"* Proclamations in that behalfe made.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the authoririe aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful/ to all and provJR) fQ'r ePy Clarke and other Offic" of the Kings Courts, to award and make Writtf of Capias Utlagaf, at the Suite of Outlawries in the Party Plaintife, against such persons outlawed as be pardoned by this Acte, to the intente to compel! the Defend' °"

and Defendants to make answere to the Plainriffe and Plainrifff at whose Suite he or they were outlawed; and that every person so outlawed shall sue a Writte of Scire facias, against the parde or parties at whose Suite be or they were so outlawed, before this Pardon in that behalfe shall be allowed to him or them that is so outlawed.

Provided also and be it enacted by the authority of this psent Parliament, That this Acte of geSall Pardon shall Defend^t*

not in any wise extend to any person outlawed upon any Writte of Capias ad satisfaciend, until such time as the outlawed on

Cmd» ad sat*

person so outlawed shall sarisfie or otherwise agree w'h the party at whose sute the same person was so outlawed shall satisfy or condempned. their ,wfi'

Provided likewise and be it enacted, That neither this Acte of geSall Pardon, nor any thing therein contained, £xcept^1' shall in any wise extend to any person that is or shall be put to Execud&n at any rime before tenne daies after of Person> in the end of this Session of Parliament; Or to pardon and discharge any Offence or Misdemeano' comytted or done by B*ecatioa: any Purveyo' or other Taker whatsoever, in taking or purveying of any Provision whatsoever for the Kings acting7illegally. Ma*f Houshold or otherwise to the Kings Ma’f behoofe, or by pretence or colo' thereof, contrary unto or against any the Lawes or Statutf in that behalfe made and ordayned.

Provided also & be yt enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither this Acte nor any thinge therin contayned, Furtl shall extend to pdon or discharge any Offence comitted or done by any Comissioner Captaine or other pson whatsoeP Exception* : in the corrupt takeing or having of any Money or other Guifte or Rewarde for the changing releasing or discharging gSot^en,

of any Souldier prest or appointed to serve his Ma"* in the Defence of the Realme or otherwise; or any Offence EcclewMical comitted or done by and against the Ecdesiasdcall State or Governin' established in this Realme, or any Heresye or Offence*;

Schisme in Religion whatsoeP. Heresy, See.


( )

Anno 4° [& 5°] JACOBI, I. A.D. 1606. [& 1607.]

STATUTES MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Holden by Prorogation at Westminster, on the Eighteenth Day of November, In the FOURTH Year, and there continued Until and upon the Fourth Day of July next following,

In the FIFTH Year of the Reign of K. JAMES, I. C)

&X rnotulo i&arliamentt be 2tnno regrtt Jacobi megte Slnglte $>eotte jFranete

$ $flbernie, flduarto.

In PARLIAMENTO inchoato & tento per Prorogaf&em apud Westm, Decimo octavo die Novembris Anno Regni Serenissimi atq Excellentissimi Domini nostri Jacobi Dei gracia Anglie Scocie Francie et Hibnie Regis, Fidei Defensoris, &c. videft Anglie Francie et Hibnie Quarto, & Scocie Quadragesimo, atq ibidem continual usq ad et quartum diem Julii tunc proxime sequentis, et tunc prorogato usq, ad et in sextum decimum diem Novembris proxime sequentis, Comuni omnium Dominop tarn Spiritualium quam Temporalium et Comunitatis concensu, et Regie Majestatis turn presends assensu, inter alia Sancita Inactitata Ordinata et Stabilita fiierunt sequencia hec Statuta, ad verbum ut sequitur.

PUBLIQUE ACTES.

1. An Act for the utter abolicion of all memory of Hostilitie and the Dependances thereof betweene England

and Scotland, and for the repressinge of occasions of Discord and Disorders in tyme to come. Chap. i.

2. An Act for the true makinge of Woollen Clothes. Chap. a.

3. An Act to give Costs to the Defendant uppon a Nonsuite of the Plaintiffe, or uppon a Verdict against him.

Chap. 3.

4. An Act to restrayne the utterance of Beere and Ale to Alehouse keepers and Tiplers not licenced. Chap. 4.

5. An Act for repressinge the odious and loathsome synne of Drunckennes. Chap. 5.

6. An Act for the repealinge of soe much of one Branch of a Statute made in the firste yeare of his Majesties

Reigne, intituled An Act conc?nynge Tanners Curryers Shomakers and other Artyficers occupyinge the cuttinge of Leather, as conc?neth the sealinge of Sheepe Skynnes, and to avoyde sellinge of tanned Leather by Weight. Chap. 6.

7. An Act for the foundinge and incorporatinge of a free Grammer Schoole in the Towne of Northleech in

the Countye of ^Gloucester. Chap. 7.

8. An Acte touchinge the drowned Marshes of Lesnes and Fantf in the Countye of Kent. Chap. 8.

9. An Act to explaine a former Act made the last Session of this Parliament, intituled An Act to enable all his

Majesties lovinge Subjects of England and Wales to trade freelie into the Domynions of Spaine Portugale and France. Chap. 9.

1 This Statute in all Printed Copies has been entitled as of the Fourth Year of this King’s Reign. The first Thirteen Acts in the List at the Head of the Inrollinent have always been printed as Chapters I. to XIII. of the Statutes of this Year. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the several Acts on the Roll, but it has been thought convenient to reprint the Titles in the above List at the Head of each Chapter. None of the Acts in the List of Private Act are entered on the Inrollment.


10. An Act for Confirmation of some parte of a Charter granted by K. Henrye the Sixt to the Maior Baylifff

and Burgesses of the Towne of Southampton, and for Releif of the said Towne. Chap. io.

11. An Act for the better pvision of Meadowe and Pasture for necessarie Maintenance of Husbandry and

Tillage in the Mannors Lordshippf and Parishes of Marden alias Mawarden Bodenham Wellington Sutton S' Michaell Sutton S' Nicholas Murton uppon Lug and the Parishe of Pipe, and everie of them, in the Countye of Hereford. Chap. n.

i a. An Act for explanation of the Statute made in the thirde yeere of the Reigne of Kinge James, intituled An Act for the bringinge of a fresh Streame of runnynge Water to the Northe partes of the Citie of London. Chap. is.

13. An Act for the drayninge of Stayne Fennes and Lowe Grounds w^in the Isle of Ely, subject to hurte by surroundinge, conteyninge above six thousand Acres compassed aboute with mine Banckf cdmonlye called and named the Ringe of Waldersey and Coldham. Chap. 13.

Private Actes.

1. An Act for the assurance of the Howse of Theobaldf and divers Mannors and other Landes to the Queenes Majestie for terme of her Life, and of the same Howse Mannors and Lands with other Mannors and Lands to the Kings most Excellent Majestie his Heires and Successors, and for the Assurance of other Mannors and Lands to the Earle of Salisburie and his Heires.

a. An Act for the enablinge of John Goode Esquire to convey unto his Majestie a small portion of Lande

duringe a terme of yeeres.

3. An Act for the Establishment and Assurance of divers of the Possessions and Hereditamentf of Ferdinando

late Earle of Derby.

4. An Act whereby Richard Sackvile Esquire is enabled to make a Surrender under the K. Majestie of the Offices

of Cheife Butler of England and Wales, notwithstandinge his Minoritie of yeeres.

5. An Acte for the assuringe of the Advowson of the Vicarage of Chesthunt to Robert Earle of Salisburie

and his Heires, and of the Advowson of the Rectorie of Orset to Richard Bishop of London and his Successors.

б. An Act for Confirmation of an Agreement betwixt Edwarde Lord Bruce and Michaell Doyley and others

for the Lands late of William Ibgrave deceased.

7. An Act for the Confirmation of the Kings Majesties Ires Patentf made to Robert Bathurst Esquire of the

Mannor and Borough of Lachlad in the Countye of GlouS.

8. An Act for the Confirmac&n of the Kings Majesties Ires Patentf made to William Bourcher Esquire of the

Mannor of Bardisley in the Countie of Gloucester.

9. An Act for Confirmation of c?ten Landes to the Warden and Colledge of the Soules of all faithfiill people

deceased of OxoK, and of other Lands to Sir William Smith Knight.

10. An Act for securinge and confirminge of the Lands Tenementf and Rents heretofore graunted devised or

conveyed to severall Companies within the Citye of London, and to the Maior and Communaltie and Citizens of the Citye of London.

11. An Act for further Assurance to the Purchasers of i?ten Lands late Sir Jonathan Trelawneis Knight deceased

appointed by Act of Parliament to be sold for payment of his Debts.

1 a. An Act for Restitution in Blood of the Sonnes and Daughters of Edwarde Windsor.

13. An Act for the better enablinge of John Evelyn Esquire to make Sale of 8ten Lands for the payment of

his Debts.

14. An Acte for the Assignement of a Jointure to such Wife as John Tompson Sonne and Heire of Robert

Tompson a Lunaticke shall marry, and for p>sent mayntenance of the said John.

15. An Act for the Sale of the Lands of William Waller Esquire to pforme a Decree in Chancery for the

payment of 505 ii. tenne shillingf six pence.

16. An Act for the naturalizinge of John Steward Esquire Brother and Heire Apparent to Patricke Earle

of Orkney.

17. An Act for die naturalizinge of Peter Baro alias Barow Doctor of Phisicke and Marie his Wife.

18. An Act for the naturalizinge of James Desmaistres of the Parish of Sl Buttolphes without Aldgate and

Mary his Wife.

19. An Act for the naturalizinge of Fabyan Smith.

20. An Act for the naturalizinge of John Ramsden.

Vo l. IV.

>3 I

G<x >sle

CHAPTER I.

An Act for the utter abolidon of all memory of Hostilide and the Dependances thereof beweene England and Scotland, and for the repressinge of occasions of Discord and Disorders in tyme to come.

For promoting Union between England and Scotland, certain English Acts repealed; viz.

tH.V. st. a. c.7.

etters of Marque, against the Scots.

33 H.V1U. c.6.

§ 18. Cross-Bows, See. on the Borders.

FOR the honour weale and good of theis two mighde famous and auncient Kingdomes of England and Scotland, and for the furtheraunce and advancement of the happie Union already begun in his Majesties Royall pson: Be it enacted by the Kinges most excellent Majestie w’" the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Coitions in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authoride of the same, That one Act made in the fowrth yeere of the Reigne of King Henrie the Fifth, whereby it is enacted, that ires of Marte or Reprisall be granted against the People of Scotland, in case where the Subjects of England have beene spoyled and have complayned and not receaved Redresse, shall for soe much thereof as soe concerneth the People of Scotland, be utterlie repealed and made void: And also that one Proviso conteyned in an Act made in the three and thirteth yeare of the Reigne of Kinge Henry the Eighte, by which Proviso the Kings Majesties Subjects inhabitinge within Twelve Myles of the Borders of Scotland are allowed and pmitted to use Crossebowes Handgunns Hackbuttf or Demyhakes, or to use or keepe in his or their Howses or elswhere any such Crossebowes Handguiies Hackbuttf and Demyhakes, for soe much of the said Proviso as soe con&neth such as shall inhabite within Twelve Miles of the said late Borders, shalbc utterlie repealed and made void.

II.

Repeal of certain other Engliah Acti, viz.

7 Ric. II. c. 16. Importation of Arms, See. into Scotland ; ji H. VI. c.3. March Law; 7H.VII. c. 6. Scotchmen leaving England;

23 H.VIII. c.16. 1 Eliz. c. 7. exporting Horses to Scotland; a, 3 P. & M. c. 1. 23 Eliz. c. 4. letting Lands to Scotchmen. General Repeal of all other unfriendly Laws.

111.

The Effect of this Act to depend on the Repeat of certain Scotch Acts, viz.

Temp. Jac. I. Visiting England } Assurance with English;

Buying English Goods.

Temp. Jac. II. Visiting England ; Englishmen visiting Scotland ; Supply to Berwick; Defence against England.

Temp. Jac. III. Resisting Ed. IV.; Supply of Berwick.

Temp. Mary, Assurance with English.

Temp. Jac. VI. Marriage of Borderers;

English holding Land in Scotland, See.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That theis other Statutes hereafter followinge, That is to say, One Act made in the seaventh yeare of the Raigne of Kinge Richard the Second, whereby it is enacted, That noe Armour Victuall or other Refreshment be caried into Scotland, uppon paine of seizure or forfeiture; And one other Act made in the one and thirteth yeere of the Reigne of Kinge Henry the Sixt, wherebie it is enacted, That March Lawe be not used out of the Circuit of the Counties of Northumbland Cumberland and Westn)land or the Towne of Newecastle ; And one other Statute made in the seventh yeere of the Reigne of Kinge Henry the Seaventh, whereby it is enacted, That Scottishmen should avoyde out of the Realme of England within a tyme pfixed; And one other Statute made in the three and twenteth yeere of the Reigne of Kinge Henrie the Eighte ; And a like Statute made in the first yeere of the Reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, whereby the conveyinge of Horses out of England into Scotland is made Felonie ; And one other Statute made in the second and third yeeres of the Reigne of Kinge Philip and Queene Mary; And the like Statute made in the three and twenteth yeere of the Reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, wherebie it is enacted, That noe Landes or Tenementf be lett to Scottishmen uppon the Borders; shalbe utterlie abrogated repealed and made void: And if there had appeared any other Statute of this Realme of England, wherein any thinge is ordeyned enacted or established expresly and by Name against Scottishmen as Enimyes, or Scotland as an Enemye Countrye, to the Kings of this Realme or the State of the same, Wee should for soe much of them as had soe conc’ned Scottishmen or Scotland have utterly abrogated and adnulled the same, seinge all Enmitie and Hostilitie of former tymes betweene the two Kingdomes and People is nowe happily taken away, and under the Goverment of his Majestie, as under one Parent and Head turned into fra?nitye or brotherlie Frindship.

Provided nevertheles and be it enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That none of the Articles Braunches or Clauses abovesaid in this Act before conteyned and exp’ssed, shall take effect or be in force or in any wise be deemed or expounded to take effect or be in force to any intent construction or purpose until theis Acts of Parliament of the Realme of Scotland hereafter followinge, That is to say, One Act made in the tyme of James the First, Kinge of Scotland, by which it was enacted, That all psons remayning in England without the Kings License did comytt Treason; One other Act made in the tyme of the said Kinge James the First, wherebie any Assurance with Englishe men for takinge Pteccion from them for Landes or Goods, is Treason; One other Act [in'] the same Kings tyme, inhibiting all buyinge and sellinge of Englishe Goods forbidden, under payne of Escheate; One other Act made in the tyme of James the Second, Kinge of Scotland, that none should passe into England in tyme of Warre w^out licence, under payne of Treason; One other Act made in the Reigne of the saide Kinge James the Second conteyninge that noe Englishmen come into Scotland without conduct, and that noe Scottishman sit under Assurance w"1 them; One other Acte of the same Kings tyme, That noe Scottishman supply Barwick or Roxburgh, under paine of Treason; One other Act made in the tyme of the said Kinge James the Second, That all men be ready for Defence of the Realme against England; Two Acts made in the tyme of James the Third, King of Scotland, for resisting Kinge Edward the Fourth; One other Act made in the tyme of the said King James the Third, con&nng the upholding of Barwicke and Garisons upon the Borders ; One Act made in the Reigne of Mary late Queene of Scotland, by which it was enacted, That Scottishmen are charged to leave Assurance w,h Englishmen ; One other Acte made in the tyme of the saide Queene Marie, con?ninge assured Scottishmen assistinge the English Armye; One Act made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the tyme of the most happie Reigne of our most gracious Soveraigne Lord the Kinge that nowe is, conteyninge that the Scottish Borderers are discharged to marry English Borderers Daughters; And lastlye one other Act made in the tyme of our said Sovereigne Lorde the Kinge, injoyninge the Warden to putt in a Bill the Names of all Englishmen that occupie Lands in Scotland and seeke Redresse accordinge to the Treaties; shall by Act of Parliament of the said Realme of Scotland be utterlie repealed frustrate and made voide; And untill alsoe the said

<of 0.


Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 1606-7.

4° Jac. I. c. 1.

1135

s

kfc

I*


u,

K


hfc

T*»i


•■ki


«8*

»;*

lu:

«bi


tMi

ii

ad i

fin

mil

Hi:

0flB

fla

K«

ifiB



F«

■fc*

tali

F‘

®5

Dt>

«*

to'

ki

ki

Parliament of the Realme of Scotland shall by their said Act make as full and ample declaration conc?ninge theire cleere intencion and desire of Repeale of all other hostile Lawes of their parte not before mencioned, if they were knowne, as on the parte of this Realme of England hath beene in this p>sent Act made and exp>ssed.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That one Act made in the fifth yeare of Kinge Richard the Second conc?ninge the restrainte of Passage of his Majesties Subjects out of this Realme, and every Ordynance Pvision Article or Clause therein conteyned, shalbe from henceforth utterlie repealed.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That noe pson or psons whatsoever Subject of either Realme shalbe punished sued delivered or remaunded, or any waye troubled or called in question for Life Member Domage Recompence Restitucion or other Satisfaction whatsoever, for or by reason of any Offences Spoyles Wrongs or Trespasses (before the Decease of the late Queene Elizabeth of famous memorie) which were dePmynable by the Lawes or Constituc&ns of the Borders w"^ the Courts and Jurisdiction of the late Wardens or otherwise, which purported accions of Hostilitie by the Sea or Land by him or them comitted, or whereunto hee or they were Accessaries before or after such Offence or Fact comytted, or privye or aidinge to the same, or for or in respecte whereof he or they were or are pledgf, or otherwise by any waie or meanes whatsoever answerable or chargeable, or els stand charged or chargeable with any <Pmise Contract Bill Bonde Bills fyled Sentence Decree or other [Assurancf'] given or taken for the same onlie or for soe much onlie or such other [Assurancf'] as was given or is in force for that cause and for no other.

And Forasmuch as no abolicion of hostile Lawes, or of the memorie of hostilide or of Suit and Contraries thereuppon dependinge, can (Psentlie and at once extirpate and reforme those inveterate evill Customes and Disorders, as well of Fewds and Blood as of Theft and Spoyles, wherwith the worst sorte of Inhabitantf neere the Lymittf of both Realmes were infected and enured, although by his Majesties incessant Care and princely Pollicie those parts be alredie reduced to a more civill and peaceable Estate then could in (') short tyme have been expected : And Whereas experience teacheth that the Malefactors of either Realme havinge comitted their Offencf in the other Realme doe forthwith fly and escape many tymes into theire owne Countrie, therebie to purchase their ympunitie, to the greate and manyfest [grievauncf ’] of the one Realme and the dishonour of the other: And Wheras in regard of some difference and inequallitie in the Lawes Tryallf and Pceedingf in cases of Life between the Justice of the Realme of England and that of the Realme of Scotland, it appeareth to be most convenient for the contentment and satisfaction of all his Majesties Subjects to pceede with all possible severitie against Offenders in their owne Countrey according to the Lawes of the same whereunto they are borne and inheritable and by and before the naturall borne Subjects of the same Realme if they shalbe there appended: Be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That all Offencf, of Conjuracion Witchcrafte and dealinge with evill and wicked Spirittf Murther Manslaughter fellonious burninge of Howses and Corne Burglarie robbinge of Howses by Day Robberie Thefte the detestable vice of Buggerie comitted with Mankynd or Beast and Rape, heretofore done and commytted since his Majesties commynge to the Crowne of England, or hereafter to be done or comytted, by any his Majesties naturall borne Subjects of this Realme of England or the Domynions of the same, w^in the Realme of Scotland or the Domynions thereof, and the Accessaries of and to the same, shalbe from henceforth enquired thereof heard and de?myned before his Majesties Justicf of Assize or his Comissioners of Oyer and Terminer or Gaole Deliverie, beinge naturall borne Subjects within this Realme of England and none other, by good and lawfiill Men of the Counties of Cumberland Northumberland Westnifland or any of the said Counties at the Eleccion of the said Justicf of Assises or Comyssioners, in like manner and forme to all intentf and purposes (the Al?acions herafter in this Act expssed only excepted) as if such Offencf had beene done and comitted within the same Sheire where they shalbe soe enquired of heard and de?myned as is aforesaid; At which Triallf, for the better discoverie of the Truth, and for the better informacion of the Consciencf of the Jurie and Justicf, there shall be allowed unto the partie so arraigned the benifitt of such Witnesses onlie to be examined upon Oath that can be pduced for his better clearinge and justification, as hereafter in this Act are pmitted and allowed.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That every Justice of Peace of the Counties aforesaid, unto whom Complainte shall be made, shall have full Power and Authoritie by venue of this Act to bynd over by Recognisance in a convenient some taken to his Majesties use, as well the partie psecu tinge, as any Witnesses which he shall desire to pduce (so as the said Witnesses may have their reasonable Charges first tendred unto them) to psecute and give in evidence before such his Majesties Justicf as aforesaide as the case shall require.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That every Comaunder Pcurer Counsellor Abbetter Comforter Receaver or other Accessarie of or to any the Offenders or Offences aforesaid, soe comytted in Scotland as aforesaid, offendinge wthin the Realmes of England or Scotland, shalbe pceeded withall indicted tried judged and executed without delaye notwithstanding the principallf or any of them be not convicted or attainted: And that noe such Offender either Accessarie or Principall shalbe allowed the benefitt of his Clergie nor admitted to his pemptorie Challenge of above the number of Fyve: And that everie Indictament of any of the Offences aforesaid soe comitted as aforesaid shalbe adjudged of as good force in Lawe notwithstandinge the wordes (Cont* pacem Coronam & dignitatem nostras) be omitted as if the said Words had beene therein conteyned.

And be it further enacted, That noe Sheriffe Undersheriffe or other Minister to whome it appteyneth, shall retome any Jurour to enquire of or trie any of the Offences aforesaide, soe comytted as aforesaide, except everie such Jurour shall have freehold in possession to the value of fyve pounds by the yeare in the Countie where such

IV.

Ric.II. tt.i. c.a.

c Ric Pam,

ige of Subjecti out of the Realm, repealed.

V.

None shall be proaecuted for any Offence* under the Border Law a, committed before Death of Q. Elia.

VL

For Correction of future Offence* on the Borders, fcc.

Offences committed in Scotland, by English Subjects, shall be tried in the Northern Counties of England

Witnesses for Offenders shall be sworn.

VII. Justices of Peace thall bind Parties, Arc. to prosecute.

VIII. Accessaries may be tried before Principals:

No Benefit of Clergy to either. Challenge. Formoflndictment.

IX. V Qualification of Jurors, a€$ Freehold.

1 Assurance O.

* grievance O.

1136

4° Jac. 1. c. 1.

X.

English Subjects for such Offences shall not forfeit their Lands, &c.

AXi

Like Act to be passed in Scotland, for Punishment of Scotchmen guilty in England;

Persons grieved in England shall be bound to prosecuf. in Scotland, &c.

XII.

Scotchmen prosecuting in England shall be free from Arrest, except for Treason or Murder.

XIII.

Fact shall be laid where committed.

XIV. Persons acquitted, &c. in Scotland shall not be tried in England for the same Offence.

XV. English Subjects shall not be sent into Scotland for Trial, until the Laws are assimilated.

XVI.

For Prevention of Perjury, jrc. Jury shall admit Witnesses according to their Conscience and Discretion.

inquirie and triall shalbe, uppon payne to forfeite for everie Jurour that shalbe retomed cont'rye to this Act, the some of forde pounds, the one moyrie to the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors, the other to the partie that will sue for the same, by Accion of Debte Bill Plainte or Informacion in any of his Majesties Courts at W est, wherein noe Essoyne ■Pteccion or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed; And that the Offendor shall and may challenge any Jurour that shall passe upon his Life for wante of such freehold as aforesaid.

Provided alwaies, and be yt enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That noe naturall Subject of his Majestie of the Realme of England, or of the Domynions of the same, shall for any the Offences aforesaid edmitted within the Realme of Scotland, or for beinge accessarie to the same, forfeit any Landes Tenementf or Hereditament^, either Free Coppie or Customarie holde, neither shall the blood of such Offender be corrupted, nor the Wife loose her Dower; yet nev’theles the said Offendors shall forfeite to his Majestie, his Heires and Successors, their Goods Chattellf and Credittf whatsoever.

And Forasmuch as it is intended that an Act like unto this shalbe ordeyned in the Realme of Scotland for the Triall and Punishment of Offendors beinge his Majesties naturall borne Subjects of the same Realme, which shall comytt any of the Offencf aforesaid within the Realme of England, or the Domynions thereof, and shall after escape or returne backe into Scotland : Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That uppon complainte made by any his Majesties Subjects of the Realme of England to any of the Justices of Assise, Comissioners of Oyer and Termyner or Gaole Delyverie or Justice of the Peace within the pcinctf of their severall Comissions respectivelie, being naturall borne Subjects within the Realme of England, con<?ninge any such Offence comytted by any his Subjects of the Realme of Scotland within the Realme of England, in case where the Offendor is returned into the Realme of Scotland as aforesaid, the said Justice or Comissioner shall have full power and authoritie to bynde over as well the said partie complayning or psecutinge as any [witnes1] that he shall desire to pduce (soe as their reasonable charges be first tendred unto them) by Recognizance in a convenient some to his Majesties use, to psecute and gyve in evidence within the Realme of Scotland; wherein if defaulte shalbe made, and the same pved by Certificate or otherwise before the Lord Treasorer Chancellour and Barons of the Exchequer, or any of them in the Exchequer Chamber, and a Decree there made, that the same Recognizance shall stand forfeited, then the Courte of Exchequer shall therupon pceede for the levyinge of the Debte of the said Recognizance, as if it were adjudged forfeited by the course of the CSmon Lawe.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That on the other parte everie of his Majesties Subjects of the Realme of Scotland, either partie grieved or witnes, wch shall psecute in any the Cases aforesaid, within the Realme of England, and thereby shall have occasion to make his repaire hither, either voluntarie or by the lyke Bond as is before expressed on the parte of the Realme of England, shall have and enjoy priviledge and imunitie from all manner of Arrestf con&iinge all Offences or other causes, as well capitall as others, comytted done or occasioned before he shall soe come into England as aforesaid, (except Treason or wilfull Murder,) so longe as hee or they shalbe necessarilie goinge comynge or abydinge within the saide Realme of England for the psecution of the said Offendors.

Provided nevertheles, That everie such Offence soe comitted as aforesaid, shalbe laide and alledged in the Indictment or other Dedaracbn to be done and comitted in the Realme of Scotland, accordinge to the trueth of the fact, and not in the Counties where the triall is lymitted to be had and made as aforesaid; Any thinge in this Act fornilyc conteyned to the cont*rye notw^standing.

Provided alsoe and be it further enacted, That if any his Majesties Subjects of the Realme of Scotland shalbe pceeded with and tried in the Realme of Scotland, upon the psecucion of any partie greived, and upon evidence in open Courte, for any offence done or edmitted within the Realme of England, that noe such pson shalbe eftsones called in question, or pceeded with for the same fact within the Realme of England; but that it shalbe lawfull for every such pson to pleade and alledge for himself upon his Arraignement, that he was fornJlie lawfullie acquited convicted or attaynted of the same Offence within the Realme of Scotland, and that thereupon all further pceedinge shall staye untill the Court have suffidentlie informed themselves by Certificate from the Realme of Scotland, or by any other good Wayes and Meanes of the truth of the saide Allegacions, which if they shall finde true, the said pson shalbe forthwith discharged of all further yinpeachment or pceedinge.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That noe naturall borne Subjecte of the Realme of England, or the Domynions of the same, shall for any Highe Treason Misprision or Concealment of any High Treason Pettye Treason, or any other whatsoever Offence or Cause edmitted within Scotland, be sent out of England, where he is apphended, to receave his Triall, untill such tyme as both Realmes shalbe made one in Lawes and Goverment, which is the thinge soe much desired as that wherein the full pfeccion of the blessed Union alreadie begune in his Majesties Roy all Pson consist eth.

(*) And because there is too greate reason to feare that the partialitie and corrupcion of many that lyve in those parts, thorough their longe and evill course of Life, cannot but pduce much and frequent pjurie at such Triallf as aforesaid, if the Jurie in their pceedinges doe not use great wisedome and circumspeccion, in which respect it is most juste and necessarie to pvide as well that the guiltie shaft not escape, as that the innocent shall not be condemned : Bee it therefore pvided and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That at all such Tryallf the Jurors

■ witnesses 0. * The Two following Clauses are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


A.D. 1606-7.

4° Jac.I. c. 1, 2.

1137

then and there sworne, or the greater parte of them, (who in respect of the great Trust and Charge which must now be laied uppon them are by vertue of this Act, as before appeareth, to be psons of better condicion and qualitie then the Lawe required heretofore for Jurors in Tryallf of like Offencf,) shall have in their power and eleccion, accordinge to their conscience and discrecion upon their othes, to receave and admytt onlie such sufficient good and lawfull Witnesses upon their oathes, either for or against the Partie arraigned, as shall not appeare to them or the greater parte of them to be unfitt and unworthy to bee Witnesses in that case, either in regard of their hatred and malyce, or their favour and affeccion, either to the Partie psecutinge or to the Partie arraigned, or of their former evill Life and Conversation.

XVII.

Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Offendor in any the Cases aforesaid, shalbe a Peere of the Realme, p«n shall be then his Triall therein shalbe by his Peeres, as is used in cases of Felonye or Treason, and not otherwise. tned *7 *’*"•

CHAPTER II.

An Act for the true makinge of Woollen Clothes.

FOR the avoydinge of many Inconveniencf happeninge to his Highnes Subjects exercysinge the Mysterie and Length, Breadth, Trade of makinge and workinge of Woollen Clothes of dyvers Names and Natures, and that the Buyers of such cloths*™! °f Clothes may have true and just commerce wthout Fraude or Deceite; It pleaseth his most Excellent Majestie, with the Consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Cdmons in this psent Parliament assembled, That it be enacted, & by the authoritie of the same it is enacted, That from and after fourescore dayes next after the end of this Session of Parliament, every longe Broad Clothe and Clothes, which shalbe made of dyed Woolles and mingled Colours Long Broad Cloths within any of the Shires of Kent Yorke or at the Towne of Readinge, or elswhere of like makinge, shall conteyne ™*Kent<1?ork!001* in Length at the Water, everie peece beinge thoroughly wette betweene thirtie and foure and thirtie yardes, every yarde Heading, &c.; yarde and inch of the Standard and noe more, and in breadth six quarters and half of a yarde at the least wlbin the Lists by the whole length of the same Cloth ; And that everie Piece of the same Cloth beinge well scowred thicked milled and fiillye dryed, shalbe in weighte eightie sixe pounds at the least: And that every white Cloth which shalbe made within White Cloths, the Cities of Worcester Coventrie and Hereford, comonly called Longe Worcesters, or elswhere of like makinge, Wortesters8-shall conteyne in length beinge wette, betweene thirtye and thirtie three such said yardes and inches as aforesaid, and shalbe in bredth seaven quarters thoroughout all the whole Cloth, and beinge cleane scowred thicked milled and fully dryed shall weigh seventie eight pounds at the least; And that all and every longe colored Clothes, comonlie called Plunkets, Azures, Plunkettf Azures and Blues, and longe White Clothes, which shalbe made in any of the Shires of Suffolk Norfolke white ClothTof and Essex, or elswhere of like makinge shall conteine in length beinge wette, betwene twentye nyne and thirtie twoe Suffolk, Norfolk, such said yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and shalbe in bredth six quarters and one half quarter w^n the Listes at the * ’

least & beinge well scowred [thickned1 ] milled and fully dryed, shall weigh eightie pounds at the least; And that all Short Cloths, and everie Short Clothes coloured, and Shorte White Clothes, comonly called Sortinge Clothes, which shalbe made in ^nd SoningCloths*; any of the Shires last before mentioned or elsewhere, of like sorte and makinge, shall conteyne being wett in length betweene twentie three and twentie six such said yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and in bredth thoroughout the whole Price six quarters within the Listes at the least, and being well scowred thicked milled and fullie dryed, shall weigh sixtie foure powndes the Cloth at the least; And that all and every Short Clothes coloured, and Shorte White FineshortSuffolks; Clothes, comonlie called Fyne Shorte Suffolkes, which shalbe made in the Shires last before mencioned, or elswhere of like makinge, shall conteyne beinge wett in length betweene three and twentie and six and twentie such said yards and inches as is aforesaid, and in bredth thoroughout the whole Peice sixe quarters and a halfe within the Listes at the least and beinge well scowred thicked milled and fullie dryed shall weigh sixtie foure powndf the Clothe at the least; And that every such sortinge Shorte Cloth shal be differenced from the said Fyne Clothes last before Blue List on

mentioned, by a blewe selvedge or edginge on both Listes; And that every White Cloth which shalbe made within

the same mencioned Shires or elswhere of like makinge comonlye called Handywarpes, shall conteyne in length rf>

betwene twentie nyne and thirtie twoe such saide yardes and inches as is aforesaide, and in breadth seven quarters, and beinge well scowred thicked milled and fully dryed, shall weigh seventie six powndf at the least; And that all Wiltshire and

Broade Plunkettf Azures Blues and other coloured Cloth, which shalbe made within the Shires of Wiltshire and

Sofisetsheire, or elsewhere of like makinge, shall conteine beinge throughly wett, betweene twentie six and twentie eighte such yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and in breadth six quarters and a half within the Listes, and beinge well scowred thicked mylled and fully dried, shall weigh sixtie eight pounds the Cloth at the least; And that every Cloth Short Yorkshire comonly called Shorte Clothes which shalbe made of dyed Woollf and mingled Collours within the Countie of Yorke, dyed'wooU,°f or elswhere of like makinge, shall conteyne in length, beinge thoroughly wett, betweene twentye three and twentie fyve such yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and in bredth six quarters and an halfe between the Listes, and beinge cleane scowred thicked mylled and fully dried, shall weighe sixtie six poundes the Cloth at the least, and every half Peice H»lf Pieces thereof, comonlie called Dozens, to be made and wrought after the same Rate in every respecte ; And that all Broad or Doz*n*

Listed Whites and Reds which shalbe made in any of the Counties of Wiltshire Gloucestershire Oxfordshire and the broidfiste^cioths Easterne lymittf of Sofisettshire or elswhere of like makinge, comonly called Sortinge Packe Broad Listed Clothes, shall ^te(a.n^ of conteyne in length beinge wett betweene twentie six and twentie eighte such saide yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and 1 * ,re’ *c"

• thicked 0.


‘3 K

Gck >ole

1138

4° Jac. I. c. 2.

A.D. 1606-7

Narrow-listed 'Whites and Reds;

Fine Cloths with plain Lists of Wiltshire, &c.;

Cloths haring Stop-Lists;

Broad Tauntons, Bridgewaters, and Dunsters

Narrow Cloths of Somersetshire;

Half Cloths proportionate ; Yorkshire broad and narrow Whites and Reds;

Devonshire Kersies or Dozens;

Check Kersies, Straits, and plain Grays

Ordinary Penistones or Forest Whites;

Sorting Penistones.

II.

Cogware-Kendals and Carpmeals.

III.

Wash-whites of York, Lancaster, &c.

Cloths shall not be raised with Oils,&c.

nor better in the List than elsewhere.

No Knife or Pumice Stone,&c. to be used instead of Shears.

IV.

Cloths shall not be wetted, Arc. so as to show best at the Lists.

shalbe in bredth six quarters and a half thoroughout the whole Cloth at the least, and beinge cleane scowred thicked mylled and fully dried, shall weigh every peice of the same Cloth sixtie foure pounds the Cloth at the least; And that all Narrowe Listed Whites and Reds which shalbe made in Wiltshire Gloucestershire Oxfordshire and the Easterne Lymittf of Sofisetshire or elswhere of like makinge comonlie called Sortinge Packe Clothes, shall conteyne in length beinge wett betwene twentie six and twentie eighte such said yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and shalbe in breadth within the Listes six quarters and a halfe througheout the whole Cloth at the least, and listed with Narrowe Listes as hath beene accustomed for Sortinge Pack Clothes, and beinge cleane scowred thicked milled and fullie dried, shall weigh every peice beinge White sixtie one poundes at the least, and beinge Red shall weighe sixtie pounds the peice at the least$ And that every Fyne Cloth with playne Listes made in the Counties of Wiltshire Gloucestersheire Sofisetshire and Oxford, or elswhere of like makinge, shall conteyne in length betweene twentie nyne and thirtie twoe such said yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and in breadth six quarters and a half betweene the Listes throughe out the whole Clothe, and beinge cleane scowred thicked milled and fullie dryed, shall weighe seventye two pounds at the leaste; And that all and every Clothes havinge stoppe Listes and not playne Listes, shall conteyne in length betwene thirtie and thirtie three of such said yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and in breadth seven quarters within the Listes throughout the whole Clothe, and in weight seventie eighte poundes at the least, as all Worcester Clothes are lymited ; And that every Broade Cloth comonly called Tauntons [Bridgwaters13 and Dunsters made in the Westeme partes of Soflsetsheire or elswhere of lyke makinge shall conteyne beinge throughlie wett, between twelve and thirtene such said yards and inches as is aforesaid, and in breadth seven quarters of a yarde at the least, and beinge well scowred thicked milled and fully dried, shall weigh thirtie pounds the Cloth at the least; And every narrowe Clothe of lyke sorte and makinge within the said Countie of Soiftsetshire or elswhere, shall conteyne in length beinge throughlie wett, betweene twentie foure and twentie fyve such yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and in bredth one yarde within the Listes at the leaste, and listed w* a narrowe List and well scowred thicked milled and fullie dryed, shall weigh thirtie poundes a peece at the least; and the half Cloth thereof to be of a pporcionable length and weight, and of like bredth as aforesaid ; And that all such lyke Broade Clothes and Narrowe Clothes last before mencioned, made w,hin the Countie of Yorke, into Whites and Reds, the Broad Cloth to hold the same lengths breadth and weight, but the Narrowe Cloth to be allowed by this Statute to conteyne betweene seaventeene and eighteene yardes of like measure breadth and in weighte pporcionable as aforesaid: And that all Devonshire Kersies called Dozens, shall conteyne in length at the Water betweene twelve and thirteen such said yardes and inches as is aforesaid, & being well scowred thickedd milled and fullie dryed, shall weigh thirteene pounds the Cloth at the least j And all Clothes called Checke Kersies Straites and plaine Graies, shall conteyne in length at the water, betweene seventeene and eighteene such said yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and in breadth one yarde at the least by all the length, and beinge well scowred thicked milled and fully dryed, shall weigh twentie foure pounds the peice at the leaste; And that all Clothes called Ordinarie Penystones or Forrest Whites, shall conteyne in length in the Water betweene twelve and thirteene such said yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and in breadth fyve quarters and a half, and beinge cleane scowred thicked milled and fullye dryed, shall weighe twentie eighte poundes the peice at the least; And that all Penystones called Sortinge Penystones shall conteyne in length in the Water betweene thirteene and foureteene such yardes and

inches, and shalbe in breadth sixe quarters and a half, and beinge cleane scowred thicked milled and fully dried,

shall weigh thirtie fyve poundes the peice at the least.

And be it likewise enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all Cogware Kendall and Carptmeales shall from henceforth be made in such sorte as shall best please the Buyer, and shall not be searched or sealed or be subject to any other Penaltie then such as was ymposed thereon before the nyne and thirtieth yeere of the raigne of our late

Soveraigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth, soe as they shrinke not above one yard for everie twentie yardes.

And be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That all Kersies called Washers or Wash Whites, made within the Counties of Yorke Lancaster or elswhere of like makinge, shall conteyne in length at the Water, beinge half thicked, betweene seventeene and eighteene yardes of the measure aforesaid, and beinge quarter thicked, shall conteyne betweene eighteene and nyneteene such yardes and inches as is aforesaid, and being cleane scowred and fully dryed shall weighe seventeene poundes the peice at the least; And that noe Clothworker Shereman or Fuller shall raise or rowe, or cause to be raysed or rowed any kinde of Clothes or Kersies in or w,h any Oyles Goosegrease Swynesgrease, or any such lyke thinge of any kinde of Greases or Oyles, but shall sheere the same Cloth Kersie plaine and straighte, without layinge in or layinge on any of the aforesaid Oyles Goosegrease Swynesgrease, or any other liquid or moist thinge, but onlie uppon the edge of the Sheres with Semet or Oyles, upon paine to forfeite for everie time soe doinge confrye to the true meaninge of this Statute thirteene shillinges foure pence ; And that noe Clothworker Shereman or Fuller shall raise full or rowe or sheere the Lists and Sides of Clothes and Kersies better then the middest, but shall worke all alyke, upon payne of forfeytinge for every Cloth Kersey playne and streight, done contr’ye to the true meanynge of this Statute thirteene shilling^ foure pence; And that noe Clothworker or any other pson or psons whatsoever shall have or use for the cuttinge or takinge away of the Wooll from the backsides of any Clothes and Kersies, any Knife or Knyves, Rnbster or Rubsters Pumistone or any other Device whatsoever, but onlye to sheere the same backside with a Paire of Sheeres, on payne of forfeitinge for every peice wherein or whereupon the same shalbe soe done, the some of Thirteene Shillinges foure pence.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie of this p*sent Parliament, That noe Clothworker Sheereman or Fuller, or any other pson or psons whatsoever, shall from and after the Feast of S' John Baptist next ensuynge the end of this psent Session of Parliament, blow spout or bedewe any kinde of Broadcloth or Kersey on the Sides and Edges

1 Bridgewater O.


A.D. 1606-7.

4° Jac. I. c. 2.

1139

*5

!«H

'N,


*«l

s

N

is

*Hy

'«*

*ii

Doai

■U*

HOi

raa,

U*

Mil

(Bffil

k»n» Jh» k re;:

life

itii

•rf«

duff

blfii

«l«

«,»

k*

f<*


■I*

tkkc

,F*

«d»

neere the Listes thereof, w,h any Water or other Liquid or moist Thinge whatsoever, whereby the Edges or Sides of any Clothe or Kersey, may make shewe to be better then it is in the Ridge Creste or Midst thereof, upon payne to forfeit for every such Offence the some of Thirteene Shillingf foure pence of lawfull Money of England; And if any pson or psons shall blowe spout wett or bedewe, or cause to be blowen spowted wett or bedewed with any Liquid or moist Thinge any Kinde of Cloth or Kersey of whatsoever Countrey Makinge or Name, for increase of Weighte, thereby to deceave the Buyers or Serchers, such pson or psons shall forfeite and loose for every such Offence the sfime of Fortie Shillingf of like lawfull Money of England.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all the said white Clothes and coloured Clothes which by this psent Act are not lymited and appointed to be wrought dressed and shorne, shall have Allowance and Abatement for the dyinge dressinge rowinge and sheeringe thereof, for every suche saide Short Broade Woollen Clothes foure pounds in Weight and noe more, and the Longe Clothes fyve poundes and noe more, and so after that Rate in all and every the same Halfe Wollen Cloth Kersey, and other the said Wollen Cloth.

Be it alsoe enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any p6on or psons lawfullie exercisinge the Trade or Arte of a Clothier or makinge of Clothes to make Floxe Thrumes and Lambes Wooll into Cloth of one onlie kynde or makinge, which shall conteyne in Length, beinge thoroughlie wett, betwetne Twelve and Thirteene such Yards and Inches as is aforesaid, and in Breadthe One Yarde at the least wlkin the Lists, and beinge deane scowred thicked mylled and fully dried, shall weighe fifteene poundes the peice at the least.

And for the better and more easie Distincion and Knowledge of every such Cloth from Cloth made of pfect Wooll, every Clothe made of Floxe Thrums and Lambes Wooll, shall have the One List whollye of Blacke Yarne, and on the other Side a Selvedge onlye; and that from henceforth noe pson or psons shall put any Haire Floxe Thrumes or any Yarne made of Lambs Wooll or other deceivable Thinge or Thinges in or uppon any other Broad Woollen Cloth Half Cloth Kersey Frize Dozen Bayes Pennystone Cotton Taunton Cloth Bridgwater Dunster Cotton or other Cloth of what Nature Kynde or Name soever made to be sold, and sold not beinge made and listed, with such Blacke Liste and Selvedge as aforesaid, upon payne to forfeite every such of the said Woollen Cloth Half Cloth Kersey Frize Dozen Pennystone Cotton and other Wollen Cloth, of what Nature Kinde and Name soever, other then such as shalbe listed and made as aforesaid, whereinto or upon which any such Haire Floxe Thrumes Yarne of Lambes Wooll or other deceiveable Thinge shalbe put or used, or the Value thereof.

Provided alwayes. That in such Townes Places and Counties where Flannel! Wadnallf and Coverlettf or Blankettf are usually made, the same may be made in such Sorte as heretofore hath byn lawfullie used and accustomed; this Statute or any thinge therein conteyned to the contPrye thereof in any wise notwithstandinge: And if any of the saide Broade Wollen Clothes or Half Cloth, or any other Kynde of Woollen Clothes Dozens Cottons or other Sorts of Woollen Cloth before mencioned in this Psent Act, of what Nature Kynde or Name soever they be of, made to be sold and solde, shalbe more in Length then is therefore respectively lymited and appointed in this Psent Act, then every pson or psons sellinge the same shall forfeite and pay for every Yarde and Inch exceedinge the Length soe appointed, the some of Ten Shillinges and noe more; And if any such Cloth shall not weigh pporcionably for every such Yarde and Inch to the severall and respectyve weight to them soe lymited and appointed, then the said pson or psons sellinge the same shall forfeite and loose for everie Pound Weighte that shalbe wantinge above Twoe Pounds, the some of Ten Shillingf and noe more; any former Lawe or Statute to the confrye thereof in any wise notwithstandinge: And if any such Cloth before mencioned not exceedinge the severall Lengthe to them by this Statute lymited or appointed and holdinge the severall and respective Weight lymited and appointed, doe yet fortune to wante of the just Bredth lymited or appointed, then the said pson or psons sellinge the same, shall forfeite and lose for every Cloth fallinge narrowe through the whole Cloth Twentye Shillingf, and throughout Half the Cloth Ten Shillingf and under Half the Cloth Fyve Shillingf only and noe more; any former Lawes or Statutf inflictinge other or greater Penaltie or Penalties to the contr*ye thereof in any wise notwithstandinge: And if any Cloth or Clothes of any the Names Natures or Makinge aforesaid, which by this Statute or any Clause or Article therein, or any other Statute nowe in force and not repealed, shall upon due and convenient Triall, within convenient tyme after Sale thereof, in psence of the partie that sold the same, or other pson or psons by him appointed, if he or they wilbe psent at the Search and Triall thereof, or if hee or they will not be psent, havinge reasonable notice, then in his or their absence be founde to be of lesse Length then the Seale or Seales thereon fixed at the tyme of the Sale thereof doe purport, then the Owner or pson or psons sellinge the same, shall forfeite and lose to the Merchant Draper or other pson or psons that shall have bought the same, for so much as shalbe wantinge of the Length spified in the Seale or Seales of the said Cloth, after the Rate of Six Shillinges Eight pence for every Yarde, over and besides the true Value of soe much of the said Cloth or Clothes as shalbe founde wantinge of the Length edified by the said Seale or Seales, and noe more; Any former Lawe or Statute inflictinge other or greater Penaltie to the confrye thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie of this Psent Parliement, That all and every Branch Clause and Sentence in any former Statute, wherebye any other Length Bredth or Weighte of the Clothes before mencioned, or any of them, or any other Penaltie or Forfeiture conc’ninge the Length Bredthe or Weight of the foresaid Clothes, or any of them, or any other Offence by this Act intended to be reformed is lymited, or whereby any Penaltie or Forfeiture for the Offences in this Bill mencioned, or any of them, are given to any other pon or p6ons then in and by this Statute is lymited and intended shalbe from henceforth utterlie repealed and made voide.

V.

Allowance in Weight for dreating certain Clotha.

VI. Length, See. of Cloth allowed to be made with Flocka, See.

VII.

Such Cloth shall be distinguished by a black List and Selvidge.

All other Gotha mixed with Flocka, Src. forfeited.

VIII. Proviso for Flannels.

Penalties, for Excess of Length in Goths;

for Deficiency of Weight;

of Breadth;

for Deficiency of Length, according to the SeaL

IX. Former Acts at to all Goths mentioned, repealed.

1140

4° Jac. I. c. 2.

A.D. 1606-?.

x.

Cloths sealed according to 39 Eliz. c. *o. i 4* 43 Eliz. c. to § 3-shall not be searched. Sec. except by the Buyer.

Application of Penalties under this Act, for Cloths found deficient on Search;

for Deficiencies discorered by the Buyer.

XI. Duties, See. on Cloths shall be proportioned to the Length.

XII.

Every Clothier may make any kind of Woollen Cloth.

XIII. Continuance of Act.

XIV. Proviso for Customs, and the King's Aulnager.

And be it further enacted by authoride of this p’sent Parliament, That none of the Clothes aforesaide, which by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme oughte to be sealed, of what Name Nature or Qualitie soever they be of, beinge sealed by the Overseers authorized, aswell by a Statute made in the nyne and thirteth yeare of the Reigne of our late Soveraigne Lady Queene Elizabeth, indtuled An Act against the deceitfull stretchinge and tainteringe of Northern Cloth, as alsoe by a Statute made in the three and fortieth yeere of her saide Raigne, intituled An Act for thet rue workinge and makinge of Woollen Cloth, shall [afterward1 ] be searched tried or watered by any other pson or p6ons whatsoever, but only by the Merchant or Draper or other pson to whome the same shalbe sold ; and that if any Wollen Cloth, upon the Search by the Searchers or Overseers of the Cyties Counties Townes or Places where the Cloth is made, shalbe found either to exceede the Length, or to wante of the weight by this Statute lymited, the saide Searchers or Overseers fyndinge and ?tifyinge the said Overlength, and the Weight that shall wante, or such of them wherein the Offence shall happen to have byn edmitted by his or their Seale or Seales, shall have the one Moytie of all such Penalties and Forfeitures as by this Statute are given lymited and appointed for excesse of length or wante of weight, and noe other pson or psons, and shall or may sue for and recover the same by Accion of Debt Bill Plainte or Informacion, in any of his Majesties Courts of Record at Westm, wherein noe Essoine Pteccion or Wager of Lawe shall be allowed ; and our Soveigne Lord the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors, shall have the other moitye: And also if any Woollen Cloth or Clothes of any the Natures Names or Making aforesaid, shall after such Search in the [Countrey * ] or other Place aforesaid, be founde to be faultie in any thinge not Rifled, and appearinge by the Seale or Seales of the said Overseers and Searchers, by the Merchant or Draper or other pson or psons buyinge the same, upon due and convenient Tryall within convenient tyme after the Sale thereof in psence of the partie that sold the same, or of other pson or psons by him or them to be appointed, if he or they wilbe p’sent at the Search and Tryall thereof, or if he or they will not be p’sent, havinge reasonable Notice gyven, then in his or their Absence the saide Merchant or Draper or other pson that bought the same, and noe other, shall have the one Moytie of all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Statute ymposed and incurred, and not become due to the Overseers and Searchers aforesaid, to his owne onlie pper use and behoof, any former Statute Matter or Thinge whatsoever to the cont*rye hereof in any wise notwithstandinge; And also shall or may sue for and recover the same in any of his Majesties Courts of Record at Westnl by Accion of Debte Bill Plainte or Informacion, wherein noe Essoine Pteccion or Wager of Law shalbe allowed, and his Majestie, his Heires and Successors shall have the other Moitye.

And forasmuch as of late it hath been reputed that a broad Woollen Cloth should and ought to consist of foure and twentie such yards and inches as aforesaid, and not above, and paymentf and other duties have beene accordingly demaunded and payd for the same: Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That if any Broad Woollen Cloth be made longer or shorter then foure and twentie such said yardes and ynches, all duties and paymentf hereafter to be paid for the same, shalbe demaunded and made pporcionable accordinge to the rate and ppordon of foure and twentie such said yardes and inches for a whole Cloth and not otherwise.

And wheras by this and dyvers other Statutes conc’ninge Drapery and Clothing, It is enacted, That all and every Broad Cloth and Clothes which shalbe made in Kente & Sussex or at the Towne of Readinge or elsewhere of like makinge, shalbe of a c?ten length breadth and weight in this or other the said Statutf expssed and lymited; And in like sorte for Woollen Clothes most usuallye made in some other Counties or Townes are first speciallye and particulerly named in this and other the saide Statutes; And after followe theis Wordes (or elsewhere of lyke makinge) ymportinge that it should be lawfull for any Clothier of whatsoever Towne or Countie within this Realme, to make Cloth of lyke makinge, and accordingly the same hath heeretofore beene put in urej Yet forasmuch as of late some doubt hath thereupon risen, Be it therefore explayned and enacted, That it is and shalbe lawfull for everye Clothier, of what Towne or Countie soever within this Realme, where Clothinge hath heretofore been used, to make or cause to be made any true Woollen Cloth of what Name Nature or manner of makinge soever the same be, albeit the same kynde of Woollen Cloth doe beare specially the Name of some other Countye Citye or Towne within this Realme.

This Act to contynue untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That neither this Act nor any thinge therein conteyned, shall extend to abridge or dimynish any Customes or Duties appteyninge to our Soreigne Lorde the Kinges Majestie his Heires or Successors or to any his Officers or Ministers, for the searchinge measuringe or sealinge any the Clothes before mencioned, nor to hurte or Pjudice the lawfull Fees due or belonginge to his Majesties Alneger, or to hurte or pjudice the lawfull use and exercise of the Office of Alneger, so as after any Cloth once lawfully searched and lawfully sealed the same be not compelled to be further viewed searched mesured or sealed.

1 afterwarde 0. * County 0.


A.D. 1606-7.

4° Jac. I. c. 3, 4.

1141

s


fn

s

N(,


S

ikii.

s,

IS

e<

ft*,

Sii

f»

tfl*

ib,

tiaa*

ait*

■ffc

«fS

laiff toil Bd;M: ah i

M*

lift

he*

O BE'

elk*

e«T*

i»*r

P"



CHAPTER HI.

An Act to give Costs to the Defendant uppon a Nonsuite of the Plaintiffe, or uppon a Verdict against him.

WHERAS in the three and twenteth yere of y* Raigne of King Henrye the Eighte of famous memorie, a good and pfitable Lawe was made, whereby it was enacted, That in cases where the Plaintiffe in any Accion Bill or Plainte of Debte Trespas upon the Case Deteynue Accompt and in some other Accions therein especiallye mencioned should become Nonsuite, or a Verdict should be had against the saide Plaintiffe, That then in such cases the Defendant should have Judgment to recover his Costes against every suche Plaintiffe as by the said Lawe 3ppeareth; which Lawe hath byn founde to be very good and beneficiall for the C5mon Wealth, and thereby many have bene discouraged from bringinge frivolous and unjust Suites because such parties are to make recompence to the parties unjustlie Vexed for the said unjust vexacions: And forasmuch as Accions of Trespas and Accions of Ejecfde firme, and many other Accions reall and psonall are within the same Mischiefe as the said other Accions were at the Comon Lawe, and yet were omitted out of the Pvision of the saide Lawe: For Remedye whereof be yt enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporal], and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same. That if any pson or psons at any time after the end of this Psent Session of Parliament, shall comence or sue in any Courte of Recorde, or in any other Courte, any Accion Bill or Plainte of Trespasse or Ejecfbe firme, or any other Accion whatsoever, wherein the Plaintiffe or Demaundant mighte have Costes, if in case Judgment shoulde be gyven for him ; And the Plaintiffe or Plaintifff Demaundant or Demaundantf in any such Accion Bill or Plainte after Apparance of the Defendant or Defendants be nonsuyted, or that any Verdict happen to passe by any lawfull Triall against the Plaintiffe or Plaintiffe Demaundant or Demaundantf in any such Accion Bill or Plainte, that then the Defendant and Defendants in every such Accion Bill or Plainte shall have Judgment to recover his Costs against every such Plaintiffe and Plaintiffif Demaundant and Demaundants to be assessed taxed and levyed in manner and forme as Costs in the saide recyted Actions are to be assessed taxed and levyed in and by the said Lawe of the three and twentyeth yeare of Kinge Henrye the Eighte.

Coat! given by aj H.VIII. c. If, to Defendant! in certain Action!

Corn also given to Defendant! on Nonsuit or Verdict in Action! of Treipaai Ejectment, and in all other Actions where Plaintiff is entitled to Costs, on Judgment for him.

CHAPTER IV.

An Act to restrayne the Utterance of Beere and Ale to Alehouse-keepers and Tiplers not licenced.

FOR the better rePssinge of Alehowses, whereof the Multitudes and Abuses have bene and are founde intollerable, and still doe and are like to increase: Be it enacted by the Kinges most excellent Majestie, and the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, That noe pson nor psons by himself or by any other Waies or Meanes, directly or indirectly, shall at any tyme, after Three Monethes next after the ende of this psent Sessyon of Parliament, sell utter or delyver, or cause to be sold uttered or dely9ed any Beere or Ale to any pson or psons, or into the Howse or Cellar of any pson or psons that then shall sell or utter Beere or Ale as a edmon Typler or Alehowse Keeper, the same pson not having any Lycence then in force to sell Ale or Beere other then for the convenient Use and Expence of his her or their Houshold only, upon payne to forfeite for every Barrell sold uttered or delyvered cont*rye to the forme and true meaninge of this Act, the some of Six Shillingf eighte pence, and soe after that rate for a greater or lesser quantytie.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That all Offences to be done or comytted cont*rye to the true meaninge of this Act, and all Penalties aforesaid, shalbe enquired of sued for hearde and dermyned in the Sessyons of the Peace for the Countye Cytie or Boroughe Towne or Libtie, or in the Court of Recorde of the Cytie Boroughe Towne or Libtie, wherein such Offence shalbe comitted, by Accion of Debt Informacion Indictament or Psentment, wherein noe Essoyne Pteccion or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed to the Defendant; And the one Half of all which Forfeytures shalbe to the Use of the poore People inhabityng within the Cytie Boroughe Hundred Towne or Libtie where such Offence shalbe comytted from tyme to tyme, and the other Half thereof to him or them that will sue for the same.

And to the end that the said one halfe of the said F orfeytures above lymited to be to the use of the said poore people may be trulie ymployed and bestowed uppon them according to the true meaninge of this Act, Be it further enacted, That the Sherif Bayliffe or other Officer or pson that shall levye or receave any s5me or somes of Money forfeyted and recovered accordinge to the true meaninge of this Act, shall and may by Ptue of this Act without further Warrant delyver the one half of the same some and somes of Money by him or them so levyed or receaved to some one or more of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of the same Parish where the same Offence shalbe comytted, to be by them and every of them distributed and bestowed amongst the said poore people according to the true meaninge of this Act, whoe shall likewise have Authoritie by vertue of this Act to distribute and bestowe the same accordingly.

And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff Bayliffe and other Officer and pson which shall levye or receave any such Forfeyture or Forfeitures aforesaid, and shall pay over the moytie and one half thereof accordinge to the true incaningc of this Act, shall be therof discharged against the Kinges Majestie his Heires and Successors.

None shall tell Beer to Alehouiekeeper, not being licensed, except for private Uie.

Penalty,

6s. 8d. per Barrel.

II.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

III.

Poor’a Share of the Penalliei shall be paid to Overaeer.

IV.

Sheriff! discharged of such Share.


*.3 L

1142

4° Jac. I. c. 4,5.

V.

Penalty on Mis-applicmtion of such Share.

And be yt further enacted, That if any Sheriffe Bayliffe or other Officer or pson shall refuse to paye over the moitye and one halfe of the said Money by him or them levyed or receaved, or that the said Churchwardens and Overseers to whome the said Money shalbe soe paid, shall not from tyme to tyme w,hin convenient tyme truelie distribute and bestowe the same to and amongst the poore people accordinge to the true meaninge of this Act, That then every pson soe offendinge shall forfeite double the value thereof, to be recov'ed and ymployed as aforesaid.

Increase of Drunkenness:

Penalty on Persons convicted of Drunkenness, 5s. leviableby Distress; or Six Hours in the Stocks.

II.

Penalty on Constables, fcc. for Neglect iu Execution of the Act, 10s.

III.

Penalty on Persons found tippling, on View of Justices, See. or on Proof as under 1 Jac. I. c. 9. 3s. 4d. or Stocks.

IV.

Offences shall be presented before Justices of Assize or Peace, &c.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for repressinge the odious and loathsome synne of Drunckennes.

WHERAS the loathsome and odyous Synne of Drunkennes is of late growen into comon use within this Realme, beinge the roote and foundacion of many other [enormious1 ] Synnes, as Bloodshed Stabbinge Murder Swearinge Foraicacion Adulterye and such lyke, to the great dishonour of God and of our Nacion, the overthrowe of many good Artes and Manuell Trades, the disablinge of dyvers Workmen and the genlall ympoPishing of many good Subjects, abusievely wasting the good Creatures of God: Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same. That all and every pson or psons which after Forde Dayes next foliowinge the end of this psent Session of Parliament shalbe drunke, and of the same Offence of Drunkennes shall be lawfullie convicted, shall for every such Offence forfeite and loose Fyve Shillingf of lawfull Money of England, to be paid within one weeke next after his her or their Conviccion thereof, to the Handes of the Churchwardens of that Parish where the Offence shalbe comytted, who shalbe accomptable therefore to the use of the Poore of the same Parishe; And if the said pson or psons so convicted shall refuse or neglect to paye the said Forfeiture as aforesaid. Then the same shalbe from tyme to tyme levyed of the Goods of every such pson or psons soe refusinge or neglectinge to pay the same, by Warrant or Precept from the same Courte Judge or Justices before whome the same Conviccion shalbe; And if the Offender or Offendors be not able to paye the said some of Fyve Shillinges, then the Offendor or Offendors shalbe comytted to the Stocks for every Offence, there to remaine by the space of Six Howers,

And be yt further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if any Constable or any other inferior Officer of that Parish or Place where the Offence shalbe comytted, to whome that shalbe given in charge by the pcept of any Maior Bayliffe, other Head Officer or Justicf of the Peace within their severall Lymitf, doe neglect the due correccion of the said Offendor, or the due levyinge of the said Penalties where Distresse may be had, then every pson so offendinge shall forfeite the some of Tenne Shillingf of currant Money of England to the use of the Poore of the same

Parishe or Place where the Offence shalbe comirted, to be levyed by way of Distresse by any other pson or psons

havinge Warrant from any Mayor Bayliffe or other Heade Officer Justicf of Peace or Courte where any such

Conviccion shalbe, and to be paid to the Churchwardens as before lymited, whoe are alsoe to accompte for the

same to the Use aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That if any pson or psons within this Realme of England or the Domynion of Wales, shall remayne or contynue drinckinge or typlinge in any Inne Victualinge Howse or Alehowse, beinge in the same Citie Towne Village or Hamlett wherein the said pson or psons soe remayninge drinckinge or tiplyinge doth dwell and inhabite at the tyme of such drinckinge and tiplynge, & the same beinge vewed and seene by any Maior or other Head Officer Justice or Justices of Peace within their severall Lymittf or dulye pved in such manner and forme as is lymited in and by one Act of Parliament made in the first Sessyon of this psent Parliament, indtuled An Act to restraine the inordinate hauntinge and typlinge in Innes Alehouses and other Victualinge Houses, unles it be in such case or cases as be tollerated or excepted in the said Act, that then every pson or psons soe offendinge shall forfeite and lose for every such Offence the «‘ome of Three Shillingf and foure pence of currant Money of England, to the Use of the Poore of the Parishe where the same Offence shalbe comytted, to be levyed by way of Distrese, in such manner and forme as is before appointed by this Act, for the levyinge of the Penaltie of Fyve Shillingf for being drunke j And if it happen that any Offendor or Offendors against the true Intent of this Clause or Branche, beinge thereof lawfullye convicted, be not able to paye the saide Forfeiture or Forfeitures, then it shall and may be lawfull for any Maior Bayliffe or other Head Officer Justice or Justices of Peace or Courte where any such Conviccion shalbe, to punishe the said Offendor or Offendors, by settinge him her or them in the Stocks for every such Offence by the space of foure houres. -

For the more due execucion of this Statute, and for the better and more due pceedinge against such Offenders, all Offencef of Drunkennes and of excesse and unmeasurable Drinckinge; Be it further enacted by the authoritie of this psent ■Parliament, That all y' Offences in this Act, and in the saide former Act mencioned, shalbe from tyme to tyme deligentlye enquired of, and psented before the Justicf of [Assizes * ] in their Circuite Justices of the Peace in their Quarter or Ordinarie Sessions, and before the Maiors Bayliffes or other Head Officers of everie Cittie or Towne Corporate, who have Power to enquire of Trespasses Riottf Routes Forces and such like Offencf, and in every Courte Leete, and thereupon such due pceedinge shalbe against the Offender and Offenders for their due condiccion in that behalf, as in such lyke cases, upon any Indictament or psentmenc is used by the Lawes of the Realme or Customes of the Cittye Towne or Place where such psentment or Indictment shalbe enquired of and founde.

1 enormous 0.

• Assise 0.

A.D. 1606-7.

4° Jac. I. c.5,6.

1143


i

K

<kk

hi

I Mil,

ojOb

And it is further enacted by the authorise aforesaid. That if any pson or psons beinge once lawfullye convicted of the said Offence of Drunkenness, shall after that be againe lawfully convicted of the lyke Offence of Drunkennes, that then every p6on and psons soe secondlye convicted by the said Offence of Drunkennesse shalbe bounden with twoe Sureties to our Sov'eigne Lorde the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors in one Recognizance or Obligacion of Ten powndes, with Condicion to be from thenceforth of good Behaviour.

Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all Constables Churchwardens Headboroughes Tithingmen Alecunners and [Sydemen,' j shall in their severall Othes incident to their severall Offices be charged in lyke sorte to psent the Offences cont*rye to this Statute.

Provided alwaies, That this Act or any thinge therein conteyned doe not in any wise abridge or restraine the Ecctiasticall Power or Jurisdiction, but that all Ordinaries and other Ecciiasticall Judges and Officers shall and may pceede to enquire of censure and punishe all such Offenders according to the Ecctiasticall Lawes of this Realme, in such maner and forme as before they lawfully mighte doe; Any thinge in this Act to the cont*rye notwithstandinge: Provided alsoe, That when any of the Offenders against the true intent of this Act, or any Branche or Article thereof, hath beene once punished or corrected for his or her Offence by any the wayes or meanes before lymited, that then the saide Offender shall not be eftsones punished or corrected for the same Offence by any other wayes or meanes.

Provided alwayes, That this Act or any thinge therein conteyned shall not bee pjudiciall to either of the twoe UnivWies of this Lande, but that the Chauncellors Masters and Schollars, and the Successors of them and either of them, may as fullye use and enjoye all their Jurisdictions Rights Privileges and Charters as heretofore they have or might have done ; Any thinge in this Act to the confrye notwithstandinge.

Provided alwaies, That noe pson or psons shall be punished ympeached or molested for any Offence mencioned in this Statute, unles hee shalbe for the same Offence psented indicted or convicted w"'in six monethes after such Offence comytted: This Act to contynuc untill the ende of the firste Session of the next Parliamente.

*«|lt

Hum,

»«t

ofii

aup

itqi

■phi

ihk t Born ns*

hi* s Alda KBft

irt it tk* ;p'

cfeb

Ota?1

i»

iCfc*

ok*'

to»®

*0*'

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte for the repealinge of soe much of one Branch of a Statute made in the firste yeare of his Majesties Reigne, intituled An Act conSnynge Tanners Curryers Shomakers and other Artyficers occupyinge the cuttinge of Leather, as con?neth the sealinge of Sheepe Skynnes, and to avoyde sellinge of tanned Leather by Weight.

WHEREAS by the same Statute yt plainelye appeareth that the intent and meaninge thereof was to make voide all former Statutes made cont?ninge Tanners Curryours Shoomakers and other Artificers occupyinge the cuttinge of Leather, and to comphend in one Statute all things mencioned in the same former Lawes needfull to be enacted conyninge Tanners Curryours Shooemakers and other Artificers occupyinge the cuttinge of Leather; and for that in dyvers Branches of the said late Statute touchinge the sealinge of Leather, amongest many other kyndes of tanned Leather therein pticulerlye named to be sealed, a rate is set downe to bee paid for sealinge of Sheepeskynnes, as if Sheepeskynnes had beene by the intent of the former Lawes usually sealed, whereas in truth Shepeskynnes are not meete to be sealed, nor weare at any time appointed or lymited by any former Lawe to be sealed, because the sealinge of them is a fruitles Charge tendinge to the greate hurte and losse of many thousand poore Men, and for the good of none, but only for the gayne of the Sealer thereof: For Reformacion whereof be it enacted by our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie, and by the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same, That noe pson or psons shall at any tyme hereafter incurre any Penaltye Losse or Forfeiture for howsinge sellinge or buyinge of any tanned Sheepeskynnes unsearched or unsealed, soe as the said Sheepeskynnes unscarched and unsealed, shalbe wroughte and conv^ted into made Wares within this Realme of England; Any thinge in the saide Statute to the confrye notwithstandinge.

And [where * ] since the makingc of the said Statute his Majesties Subjects have byn much deceaved and abused by selling of tanned Leather by Weighte, the said Leather beinge neither sufficiently tanned nor thoroughly dryed as it ought to be, and before tyme was wont to be: Be yt therefore further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That noe pson or psons after the end of this psent Session of Parliament shall utter or sell or cause to be uttered or soldo by weight, any kynde of tanned Leather whatsoever, upon payne of forfeyture of the said Leather soe uttered and sold; The said Leather or the value thereof to be recovered in any of the Kinges Majesties Courts of Record, by Accion of Debte Bill Plainte or Informacion, wherein noe Wager of Lawe Essoyne or Pteccion shall lye or be allowed, the one moytie of the said forfeiture to be unto the Kinge our SoPeigne Lorde his Heires and Successors, and the other moytie unto such pson or psons as shall sue for the same.

* Wheras O.

1 Sydesmen 0.

V.

Offenders convicted a second Time shall be bound to good Behaviour.

VI.

Constables, kc. shall be charged to make Presentments.

VII.

Proviso for Ecclesiastical Censures, Sic.

Offenders shall be only once punched.

VIII. Proviso for the Universities.

IX.

limitation of Prosecutions, Six Months. Continuance.

St. I Jac. I. c. as.

111 A' c.erroneously extended to Sheep-Skins;

No Penalties shall he incurred for buying or selling Sheep-Skins not searched or sealed.

II.

Tanned Leather shall not bo sold by Weight.

- b>

1144

4° Jac.I. c.7

l May, i Eli*. De»i»e of the Rectory of Chedworth, kc. in Gloucestershire bjrHugh West wood to Trustee!, for founding > Grammar School at Northleech

Mis-application by the surviving Trustee;

Application to Chancery, and Reference to the Justices of Assise, according to the Direction of the Will of H. Westwood.

Certificate of the said Justices to Chancery, for Incorporation, &c. of the said School.

Schoolmaster and Usher of the said School incorporated accordingly, and empowered to hold the Estates devised. Ice.

CHAPTER VIL

An Act For the foundinge and incorporatinge of a Free Grammer Schoole in the Towne of Northleech, in the

Countye of Gloucester.

TTTJMBLYE beseech your Majestye your loyall and dudfull Subjects the Inhabitantf of your Highnes Towne of 11 Northleech in the Countye of Gloucester; That Whereas Hugh Westwood, late of Chedworth in the said Countye of Gloucester Esquire deceased, was in his Life tyme seised in his demesne as of Fee of and in the Rectorie and Parsonage imppriate of Chedworth aforesaid, wherunto the Advouson Patronage and Righte of pfeentacion of the Viccaredge of Chedworth aforesaid then was and yet is appendant and belonginge, and of and in all and all manner of Glebe Lands Tenthes Tythes Pencions Porcions Oblacions Obvencions Pfyttf Comodities and Hereditamentf, with the Appurtenances of whatsoever Nature Kynde or Degree they be in Chedworth aforesaid or elswhere to the said Rectorye or Parsonage of Chedworth belonginge or appteyninge, and of and in one Messuage or Tenement and one Close and two yards land and a half with the appurtenancf in Chedworth aforesaide late in the Occupacion of one James Griffith; and so seised as aforesaide by his last Will and Testament in Writinge made and bearing date the firste daye of Maye in the first yeare of the Reigne of our late Soveraigne Ladye Queene Elizabeth, did amongst other things gyve will devyse and bequeath all and every the saide Parsonage and ^misses with the appurtenances unto the Righte Honorable Edmund then Lord Chandes, Sir Giles Poole Knighte, Sir Thomas Throgmorton Knighte, Sir Nicholas Arnold Knight, William Reede Walter Baskervile and Henry Hodgkyns Esquires, Thomas Marshall Thomas Watson William Partridge Gentlemen, Thomas Apparrye and Hugh Ratcliffe Yeomen, and to their Heires and Assignes for ever, to the onely Use and Intent that the said Devisees, their Heires and Assignes, by and with the pfittf of the phnisses, should found erect and maynteyne one Free Grammer Schoole for ever in the said Towne of Northleeche; by which Will the Nominacion of the 5choolemaster of the saide Schoole was appointed unto the Heires of the said Devisor, and alsoe the DePmynacions of all the Doubts and Ambyguityes that might arise touchinge his said Will, was referred to the Justices of Assize of the said Countie for the tyme beinge, to the end the same mighte be by them composed without any ControPsye in Lawe; And shortlie after the saide Devisor died, after whose Decease the said Devisees entred, and were of the said pmises seised by v*tue of the said Will; And the Inhabitantf of the said Towne of Northleech, accordinge to the direccion of the same Will, purchased and poured to be conveyed in fee, to some of themselves and other Gentlemen of the Contrey as Feoffees in trust for the said Schoole, a convenient Howse Garden Backside and little Close to be the Schoolehouse and Habitation of the Schoolemaster; after which all the said Devisees but the said Thomas Apparrie dyed, and he survivinge all the rest of the said Devisees, and beinge by vertue of Survivor soly seized of the said Parsonage and other devised p>misses, soughte to defraude the said Trust in him reposed by makinge a Lease of the said Parsonage and other the pmisses to one of his sonnes for a very smale Rent, and by conveying the Revision and Inheritance thereof to one other of his sonnes ; And also Robert Westwood nowe lykewise deceassed, then Cosen and Heire of the saide Devisor, did enter upon the said Parsonage and p>misses devised, challenginge the same as Heire unto the said Devisor, and seekinge to ympeach the said Will, which tended to the utter Overthrowe of the said charitable and godly Intent of the said Devisor; Whereupon the then Schoolemaster and the Inhabitantf of Northleech aforesaid, exhibited their Bill of Complainte into the High Courte of Chauncerie; And Sir Christopher Hatton Knighte, the then Lord Chauncellor of England beinge informed of the Interne and Purporte of the said Will, whereby all ControvWs thereupon growing were referred to the Justices of Assise of the said Countie of Gloucester, directed his Ires to Sir Roger Manwood Knighte, Lord Cheife Baron of the Exchequer, and Fraunds Wyndham, one of the Justices of the Comon Plees, then Justices of Assise of the said Countie, for the hearinge and fynall orderinge of the said Cause, to the end that what they should thincke fitt should stand and be taken as an Order of the said Courte in that Behalf; who uppon mature and deliberate hearinge and consideracion of the said Cause thought fitt, and soe Stifled into the said Courte that the said Schoole should be incorporated, and that the said Parsonage and pmisses should be conveyed to the said Schoolemaster and his Successors; And that the Provost and Schollers of the Queenes Colledge in the UnivWie of Oxford should name order visite and displace the Schoolemaster of the said Schoole and his Successors for the tyme beinge; And that the reformacion of all Abuses either in the saide Colledge or Schoolemaster should be referred to the Justices of Assise of the said Countie for the tyme being or one of them; which said Opinyon and Direccion of the said Justices of Assise was accordingly ordered by the said Lord Chauncellor and Highe Court of Chancerye and after decreed by Sir John Puckeringe Knight, then Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale, and since confirmed by the Right Honorable Sir Thomas Egerton Knighte Lord Ellesmere now Lord Chauncellor of England, then Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale: It may therefore please your Majestie that it may be enacted by your Highnes the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and be it enacted by the Authoritie of the same, That the said Schoole of Northleech shall from henceforth stand and be incorporated established and founded in Name and in Deede a Bodye PoIitiqs and Corporate to have contynuance for ever, by the Name of the Schoolemaster and Usher of the Free Grammer Schoole of Hugh Westwood Esquire in the Towne of Northleech and by that Name shall have hold and enjoye all and every the said Parsonage and p>misses Yards Landes Mesuagf Tenementf and Hereditamentf w4 the Appurten*ncf intended by the said Hugh Westwood and by the said Inhabitantf to the said Schoole (the Patronage of the Viccaredg of Chedworth onely excepted) and the Rev’sion and Revisions of the same and all and every Rente and Rents reserved upon any Demise or Demises thereof or thereupon made; The Statute of Mortmaine or any other Lawe or Statute to the cont'rye in any wyse notwithstanding; And by the same Name shall have power abilitie and capacide to demise lease and graunte their Possessions and Hereditamentf, and to take acquire and purchase and to sue and to be sued and to doe pforme and execute all and every other lawfull Act


A.D. 1606-?.

4° Jac. I. c. 7

1145

t

i


fi


ll

k

k

ti

I

i k

II

ii k ll

Ii

U

H

ii

B

ll

J

II

fl

(1

S

1

!'

i

ii t I

I

t

i

i

n

i

i

t

1

i

ii i

Ii

i

and Thinge necessarie or pfitable for the said Incorporacion in as full and ample manner to all Intentf Construccions and Purposes as any other Incorporacion or Body Politic], or Corporate fully and pfectly founded and incorporated may doe; And that William Lickebarrow Bachellor of Arts and now Schoolemaster of the said Schoole, shalbe the first Schoolemaster of the said Schoole, and that John Stone Bachellor of Arts shall be the first Usher of the said Schoole; And that they the said William Lickebarrowe Schoolemaster of the said Schoole, and the said John Stone Usher of the said Schoole and their Successors for the tyme beinge, shall have a Comon Seale for the makinge of such their Demises and Leases and for the doing of all and every other thinge abovesaid touchinge the said Incorporacion, in which shalbe ingraven the Armes and Name of the said Hugh Westwood.

And that it may be further enacted, and be it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid. That the said Provost Appointment of and Schollers of the Queenes Colledge in the said Univ’sitie of Oxford, and their Successors for the tyme beinge, to^Mn^Cofiege shall have full Power and lawfull Authoride to nomynate and appointe, and shall nomynate and appointe from tyme Oxford; to tyme, when and as often as the Place of Schoolemaster of the said Schoole by Death Resignacion Deprivacion or otherwise shall become voide, and within One Moneth after such voydance, by Wridnge under their C5mon and Colledge Seale, one learned and meete Man, beinge a Graduat of the UniPsitie of Oxford, to be Schoolemaster of the saide Schoole: And in case the said Provost and Schollars shall not within One Moneth after such voydance or,ontbeirNeglect, make such Nomynacion and Appointment as aforesaid. That then and soe often the Justices of Assise of the said AMiM^*"1* °f Countye for the tyme beinge w,hin One Moneth after such defaulte shall and may by Writing under their Handes and Seales nomynate and appointe some meete and lemed Man, being a Graduate as aforesaid, to the Place of Schoolemaster of the said Schoole.

And that it may be further enacted, and be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That the said Provost and Schollers of the said Colledge for the tyme being shall and may from tyme to tyme nomynate and appointe some one lemed and meete Man, having bene trayned up in the said UniPside of Oxford, to be Usher of the said Schoole, when and as often as the same shall become voide by Death Deprivacion Resignacion or otherwise; and in case the said Provost and Schollars shall not within one Moneth after the voydance of the Place of Usher nomynate and appointe some other such fitt pson thereunto, that then the said Justices of Assise for the tyme beinge shall and may nomynate and appoint some meete Man, trayned up in the Univ’sitie as aforesaide, to be Usher of the said Schoole.

IV.

And that it may be further enacted, and be yt further enacted by the authoride aforesaid. That the said Provost s»id College and Schollers for the tyme beinge shall have power and authoride under their Colledge Seale to sett downe and

p>scribe such Orders Rules Statutes and Ordinances for the Order Rule and good Goverment of the said Schoole, regulating the and of the Schoole Masters Ushers and Schollers thereof, as to them the said Provost and Schollars and their viriton thereof * Successors shall seeme meete and convenyent; and that the same Orders Rules Statutes and Ordinancf soe by them made and sett downe shalbe and stand in full force and strength in Lawe, soe alwaies that the same be not repugnant nor cont*rie to the Kinges p>rogadve Royal), nor to the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme of England, nor to any Ecctiasdcall Canons or Consdtucions of the Churche of England; And that the said Provost and Schollars for the tyme beinge shall have full power and authoritie to visite the said Schoole, and to order reforme and redresse all Disorders and Abuses in and touching the Goverment of the same; and further to censure suspend and deprive the Schoole Masters and Ushers of the said Schoole for the tyme beinge, as to them shall seeme juste fitt and convenient;

So alwayes that noe Visitacion Act or Thinge in or touchinge the same be had or done otherwise then by the Provost himself and one of the Fellowes, or by twoe of the Fellowes at the least, of the saide Colledge thereunto authorized under the said Colledge Seale.

And that it may be further enacted, and be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That if any Difference Justice, A«i*e Coatropsye or Debate touchinge the fPmisses, at any tyme hereafter shall happen to arrise betweene the said Provost and ma7 determine Schoollars of the said Colledge and the said Schoolemaster and Usher for the tyme beinge, or either of them, or if theCoUege'and^the any the Inhabitantf of the said Towne of Northleech shall fynd themselves greived, that the intent of the said Devisor Schoolmaster, &c. is not observed in the free and diligent teachinge of their Children or otherwise, and shall not after Complainte thereof made to the said Provost and Schollars finde and receive in iytt tyme convenient Redresse therein, that then uppon the Complaynte of the said Inhabitantf Schoolemaster or Usher, the Justicf of Assise of the said Countie of Gloucester for the tyme beinge shall have full power to call before them both the parties grieved, and the parties complayned of, and upon hearinge of the said Dissencions Controv'sies and Complayntf, to compose decide order and dePmync the same, as to them in their Judgmentf and Wisedomes shall seeme just and fytt; and that such Order Decision and DePmynacion by the said Justicf of Assise set downe iu writinge under their Handes and Seales, shall stand and be observed.

And that it may be alsoe enacted, and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That the said Provost and Schollars Advowaonof the for the tyme beinge shall have hold and enjoye to them and their successors for ever, the Advowson Patronage Church vetted in p%entacion and free Disposicion of the Vicarage and Church of Chedworth aforesaide, and that they shall and may the ",d CoUegc‘ p>sent their sufficient Clerke unto the said Church and Vicaredge, when and as often as the same shall become voide by Death Deprivacion Resignacion or otherwise.

Provided alwaies, That all Leases Grauntes Covenantf Conveyances Assurances and Estates whatsoever, to be A, shall h-had or made of the said Parsonage and pknisses, with the Appurtenauncf or of any parte thereof, other then Leases made at certain for yeares whereuppon shalbe reserved to the said Schoole Master and Usher for the saide Parsonage, with the Rentl5’

III. Uiher to be appointed in like Manner.


t3 M

1146

4° Jac. I. c. 7, 8.

A.D. 1606-7-

Leases (except one for raising Money for Heir of Testator) shall be made to continue only during the Incumbency of the Schoolmaster:

Apportionment of Rents reserved.

VIII. Proviso for an existing Lease and Annuity.

IX.

General Saving for the King, &c.

Contract by William Burrell, with Owners of certain Marsh Grounds in Kent, to inclose and reclaim them.

Appurtenances, soe much in one entire or severall yeerelye Rent or Rents upon one or more demises as shall amounte to the some of Fiftie Pounds of lawfull English Money or more, and for the said Mesuage and Tenement, with the Appurtenancf and other Landes thereunto belonginge, shalbe reserved soe much in one entire or severall yeerelie Rent or Rentes, upon one or more demises, as shall amounte to the some of Twentye six shillinges and eighte pence of lawfull English Money at the least, the said severall Rents to be payable at the Foure usuall Feastf in the yeere, by equall and even Portions, that is to saye, at the Annunciacion of S' Marie the Virgin, the Nativitie of S' John the Baptist the Feast of S' Michaell the Archangell and the Nativitie of our Lorde, and whereunto the said Provost and Schollan shall under their Colledge Seale give their Consent Allowance or Confirmacion, shalbe voide and of none Effect in the Lawe; And that no Leases whatsoever hereafter to be made of the saide Parsonage Tenement and jPmisses, or any parte or partes thereof, other then one entire Lease or severall Leases for the Terme of one and twentie yeares or three lyves from the tyme of the makinge thereof, once only to bee made before the Feaste of the Annunciacion of the Blessed Virgin Marye which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand six hundred and tenne, shalbe good or effectuall any longer then such Schoole Master as shall make such Lease shall contynue Schoole Master there, which said Lease or severall Leases for one and twenty yeeres or three lyves being therefore pmitted to be made, that by Fyne thereupon somewhat may be levied towards the Satisfaction and Discharge of the some of One Hundreth and Threescore Poundes agreed to be paide to William Westwood Gentleman, Sonne and Heire of the said Robert Westwood, in liew and Recompence of and for the Nomynacion of the said Schoole Master, and of and for all pkenced Righte to the p>misses, and of other Somes and Charges occasioned for y* pfectinge of the said Incorporacion and Establishment of the pmisses, shall stand and be good and effectuall in the Lawe, any thinge in theis fPsentf to the cont*rye thereof in any wise notwithstandinge : Soe alwayes that there be reserved thereupon so much in yearely Rent or Rents at the least as is aforesaid, and that the Provoste and Schollars aforesaid, and their Successors for the tyme beinge, shall and may under their Colledg Seale ordaine set downe and appointe howe the Rents and Pfyttf of the p>misses shalbe pporcioned devided and distributed to amonge and betweene the Schoole Master and Usher of the said Schoole for the tyme beinge, soe as the whole Rents be disposed betweene the said Schoole Master and Usher of the said Schoole.

Provided alwayes. That this Act nor any Thinge therein conteyned shall extend to defeate frustrate or make void one Lease of the said Parsonage and p>misses for the terme of dyvers yeeres, made to John Stone and Thomas Hill by Henry Lord Bishop of Carlioll John Reynoldf and John Aglionby Doctors of Divynitie then and yet Feoffees to the behoofe of the said Schoole, whereupon is reserved the yeerely Rente of Fiftye poundes, nor to defeate frustrate or impeach one Anuitie or yeerelye Rente of thirtie poundes by yeere out of the phnisses, ordered and decreed to Ewstace Apparrie sonne of the said Thomas Apparrie for the terme of his naturall life, and for twoe yeeres after his Decease, in consideracion of his yeilding up of his said Lease and Conveyance of the said Parsonage and p>misses to the said Feoffees, by the direccion of the Right Honorable the nowe Lord Chauncellor of England, but that they the said John Stone and Thomas Hill and the sayde Eustace Apparrye, shall and may enjoy their said severall Interests and Estates accordinge to the purport and effect of the saide Lease Order and Decree, as amply to all Intentf and Purposes as if this Act had never beene made; Any thinge in the pmisses conteyned to the conPrye in any wise notwithstandinge.

And savinge to our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, and to all and every other pson and psons Bodies Politic^ and Corporate their Heires and Successors, other then the severall Heires of the said Hugh Westwood and of his said Devisees, and other then all and every other pson and psons and their Heires, clayminge any thinge in the ^misses, or any parte thereof, by from or under the Heires of the said Hughe Westwood, or from by or under the said Devisees, all such Righte Tytle Estate Condicion Clayme Possession Rents Services Comons Demaundf Accions Remedies Recoveries Interest Pfyttf Comodyties Advantages and Demaundf whatsoever, which they or any of them shall or may have, or of Right oughte to have of in or to the said Parsonage, or any of the Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf aforesaide, or any part or parcell thereof, or yssuinge or goinge out of the same, or any parcell thereof, as if this Act had never beene made.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Act touchinge the drowned Marshes of Lesnes and Fantf in the Countye of Kent.

FOR that the inning and wynninge of the Marshe Groundes lyinge in the drowned Marshes of Lesnes and Fantf in the Counde of Kente (which hath beene of longe tyme past surrounded with Waters flowinge and comynge from the Ryver of Thames) which beinge inned will better the Channell of the same Thames, and be very comodious for Navigacion, and both for that and the Comodities there aford much benefitt to the Comonwealth, and especially to the Citde of London, beinge w'hin tenne miles thereof; And for that William Burrell of Ratcliffe in the Countye of Midd Gentleman, hath undertaken covenanted and agreed with the Lordes and Owners of the same surrounded Grounds, by Indenture made betweene the said Owners and him dated the seaven and twenteth day of February Anno Dni 1606, for the consideracion in the said Indenture exposed, to doe his best endeavour at his Costs and Charges sufficientlie and substanciallye to inne Wynne recover and defend from Inundacion and overflowings of the saide Waters, all the saide Marshe Grounds so surrounded, before the tenth day of October, which shalbe in

Got-

A.D. 1606-7.

4° Jac. I. c. 8.

J147

the yeere of our Lord God, accordinge to the Cotnputacion of the Churche of Englande, i6og; and hath likewise at his owne Costes and Charges by the said Indenture undertaken to mayntaine and keepe the same for one whole yeere, to be reckoned and accompted from the time of the innynge and wynninge of the same surrounded Groundes, which cannot be duly effected without greate Charges Labor and Skyll in the Undertaker: May it therefore please the Kinges most Excellent Majestie the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, by the authoritie of the same Parliament, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted that it shall be lawfull to and for the said William Burrell, his Heires Executors and Assignes, and to and for every other his and their Servantf Deputies Carpenters Laborers Skavellmen Hodd Men and Workemen, and his and their Carts and Carriages, and every of them, at the Costs and Charges of the saide William Burrell his Heires Executors or Assignes, at all and every tyme and tymes from henceforth untill the tenth day of October which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God, according to the cotnputacion of the Church of England 1609, to inne fence and wynne from Inundacion and Overflowinge of the said Waters, all and singuler the said Grounds and Marshes lyinge in the said drowned Marshes of Lesnes and Fantf now surrounded as above, accordinge to the Purport Intent and true Meaninge of the said Indentures, at his or their Will and Pleasure, and for to labor worke and travell, and to doe and accomplishe Thinges necessarie and behoofull duringe the said Tyme or Terme in aboute and upon the inning fencinge and wynninge of the said Grounds and Marshes as aforesaid, and every or any of them, accordinge to the Purport of the same Indenture: Aud for the inninge and fencinge of the said Grounds, and for the inninge maynteyninge and contynuynge of the innynge end fencinge of the saide Grounds to be inned as above, to cutt and take soe much growinge Reede and Earth in any Parte of the said drowned Marshe, soe as he or they or any of them digge not within Twentie Roodf of any Wall already made within that Marshe; And that yihediatlye after the substantiall inninge fencinge and wynninge of the saide Groundes and Marshes from the said Waters and Floodes as is aforesaid, the said William Burrell his Heires and Assignes, shall have and enjoye to him, his Heires and Assignes for ever, the One Half of all the said [Groundsoe to be inned accordinge to the Purporte and true Meaninge of the said recyted Indenture, and the other Moitye shalbe and belonge to the Owners of the said Marsh Groundes soe to be inned, accordinge to the severall Pporcion of their Quantities Estates Rightes Tytles and Interests which they nowe have in the said Groundes soe to be inned accordinge lykewise to the said Indenture; And that the said Moitye soe lymitted, to be and apptayne to the said William Burrell, his Heires and Assignes, by and after Pticion thereof to be made, shalbe holden of Edmund Cooke Esquire, his Heires and Assignes, as of his Mannors of Lesnes and Fantf in the Countie of Kent, in free Socage by Fealde and One Penny Rente for everie Acre, and not in Cheife, nor by Knightf Svice; And that further in consideration that the said Owners and their Heires for their Partes, and the said William Burrell and his Heires for his Parte or Moitie shalbe put to greate Charges substancially and sufficientlye to mayntayne and repaire the Walles and Banckes of the same Marshe Grounds soe hereafter to be inned, for ever after the ynninge and particion thereof, as alsoe in consideration of the greate Costes Charges and Travaile now to be susteyned about the innynge of the same Marsh Grounds, for the Benefitt of the Comon Wealth, the saide Marsh Grounds soe to be inned and defended from the Inundacion of the same Waters or suche parte thereof as shalbe so inned and defended, shall be discharged of all Tythes and Tenthes whatsoever, for and duringe the Terme of Seaven yeeres next after the innyng wynning and fencinge of the same.

And be it further by Authoritie of this p*sent Parliament enacted, That ymediatlye after the substanciall inninge of the said Marsh Groundes yt shall and maye be lawfull for the said William Burrell his Heires and Assignes, and the said Owners of such Grounds as shalbe inned, their Heires and Assignes, or in default of the Owners, upon request thereof to be made by the said William Burrell his Heires or Assignes, to resorte to the Right Honorable the Lorde Chauncellor of England or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, and that by the authoritie of this Acte the said Lord Chauncellor or Lorde Keeper of the Greate Seale of England shall and may awarde forth a Comission to such pson and psons as to him in his wisedome and discrecion shalbe thought meete to enable them to make particion and division betweene the said Owners and Inner their Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes, and also betweene the said Owners their Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes, accordinge to the severall Pporcions of their Quantities Rights Tytles and Interests which they have or shall have in the said Marshe Grounds soe to be inned accordinge to the true intente and meaninge of this Statute and the Indenture before mencioned.

Provided and it is further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That everye of the said Owners and the Inner their Heires Executors Administrators and Assignes that shall have any Lande or Grounde soe to be inned, shall have fitt and convenient wayes for Passage Drifte and Carriage as neede shall require, thorow the said Marshe Groundes that shalbe soe inned for the use of their Groundes inned and soe to be dividedlye & pporcionably allotted.

Provided and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That all such of the said surrounded Groundes as shalbe by the said Inner his Heires Executors Administrators or Assignes or any of them inned, and shalbe assigned to any of the Owners for their parte or partes, and are now holden of Edmund Cooke of Northcraye in the Countie of Kent Esquire, as of any his Mannors w*"in the said Countye of Kent, called Lesnes and Fantf, or of either of them, shalbe holden of him the said Edmund Cooke his Heires and Assignes only as of such of the said Mannors whereof the said Marshe Landes are now holden in such manner and forme and by such Rents and Services as the same are nowe holden by Fealtye, and the yeerely Rent of One Peny an Acre to be paid at the Feast of S' Michael the Archangell yeerelie.

1 Grounds O.

:dbv

Slid W. Burrell empowered so

to do;

end, on Completion thereof, to hare One-half of the Ground so inclosed;

to be holden of E. Cooke, Esq. in free Socage, by Fealty, and id. per Acre.

Free of Titbea for Seven Years.

II.

A Commission for Partition of the Lands so inclosed shall issue from Chancery.

III. Proviso for Drift-ways, lee.

IV.

Tenure of Lands assigned to the

Owner-,.

1148

4° Jac. I. c. 9, 10.

A.D. 1606-7

Incorporation by Letters Patent, 17 June, a Eliz. of the Merchant! Adventurers of Exeter, trading to France;

Effect thereof;

St. 3 Jac. I. c. 6. enablingall Subjects to trade to France,

General Words of that Act shall not dissolve or impeach the Corporation.

CHAPTER IX.

An Act to explaine a former Act made the last Session of this Parliament, intituled An Act to enable all his Majesties lovinge Subjects of England and Wales to trade fireelie into the Domynions of Spaine Portugale and France.

TT THERE AS it pleased our late Soveraigne Lady Queene Elizabeth of famous memorie, by her Highnes ires V ▼ Patentf under the Great Seale of England, bearinge date the seavententh daye of June in the second yeere of her Highnes Reigne, in consideracion of the good true and faithfull obedience and 9vice done by the Maior and principal! Citizens of the Cittye of Exceter, as well in the time of Kinge Henrye the Seaventh as of Kinge Edward the Sixt, against dyvers Treasons and Rebellions moved and stirred in those dayes, as also for the takinge awaye abolishinge and amoovinge of many and sundrie absurdities and inconveniencf which within the saide Citie and Countye did increase by reason of the excessyve number of Artificers and other inexpert ignorant and unworthie men which did take uppon them to use the Arte Science and Misterie of Merchandize and traffic^ of Merchant Wares, to the greate detriment of the Comon wealth of this Realme of England, and to the manifest ympov’ishment of the said Citye, to incorporate ?ten Merchantes therein named and their Successors (beinge Citizens and Inhabitantf of the said Citye and Countie) and to give and graunte unto them the ppetuall Name of the Governor Consuls and Societye of the Merchantf Adventurers of the Citye and Countye of Exceter traffiqinge the Realme of Fraunce and the Dominions of the French Kinge: Which saide Incorporacion or Companye of Merchantf are found to be of greate use honour and Svice to the State in ge^all, aswell in the Advancement of his Majesties Customes as alsoe for that the said Incorporacion for the space of Fourtie and fyve yeeres have releeved Twelve poore Men w01 Gownes Money and other Necessaries, to their greate Comforte, and doe still yeerelye soe apparell and comfort them, and by their said Charter they are bounde to contynue and keepe the same for ever; And lykewise they have and doe not only charitably from tyme to tyme set up sundrye young Merchantf w*" the lone of Money at their first entrance into the Trade, but alsoe have raysed and alsoe doe raise divers auncient Merchantf who by Losses at the Sea have beene decayed, by meanes whereof they have pved afterwardes pfitable both to the Kinge in Custome and other paymentf, and good Members to the Comon Wealth of the said Cytie ; And for that many particuler Merchantf of the said Corporacion have in the tyme of dearth and scarcitie of Corne adventured greate somes of Money out of their owne private Stockes for Corne into forreine Kingdomes for the Releife of the Poore aswell of the said Citye as of the Countye of Devon, to whome they have sold the same Corne in tyme of great Dearth and Necessitye, sometimes for Twoe Shillingf Six Pence, Three Shillingf, and Three Shillingf Foure Pence lesse in everye Bushell then the Prices in the Markettf have then beene; And further, for that sundrie Members of the said Incorporacion have by their Wille and Testamentf given dyvers somes of Money to the said Company to good Uses, which must retorne to their Executors if this Company be dissolved; as also for that the said Societie hath from the begynninge thereof ben ever found comfortable to all, and offensyve to none; Therefore whereas in the last Sessions of Parliament holden at Westm in the third yeere of his Majesties Reigne, one geSall Act was made, intituled An Act to enable all his Majesties lovinge Subjects of England and Wales to trade freelye into the Domynions of Spaine Portugall and France ; the genial 1 Words of which Act may be objected and urged to extend to the annihilatinge and dissolvinge of the said particular Charter and Companye cont*rye to the meaninge of this High Courte of Parliament, and the intent of the Makers of the Lawe as is conceaved by the Opinion of sundrye lerned in the Lawes : May it therefore please your most excellent Majestie, with the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled that it may be enacted explaned and declared, and be it enacted explaned and declared by the Authorise of the same, That the saide geffall Lawe soe made as aforesaid neither doth nor shall dissolve annihilate or impeach the said Charter or the said Companie in any their Priviledges Lybties or Immunities granted unto them by the said Charter; Any thinge in the foresaid geSall Act to the cont*rye thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER X.

An Act for Confirmacion of some parte of a Charter granted by K. Henrye the Sixt to the Maior Bailifff and Burgesses of the Towne of Southampton, and for Releif of the said Towne.

Charter of H.VI. to the Corporation of Southampton, prohibiting Merchants, not free of the Town, from trading there;

IN all humblenes beseech your most excellent Majestie the Maior Bayliffes and Burgesses of your Highnes Towne of Southampton, that whereas your Noble Progenitor Kinge Henrye the Sixt of famous memorie, in consideracion that the said Towne of Southampton is scituated on the Sea Coast, and subject to the suddaine Assaulte and Surprise of forreine Enymies, and that the Inhabitantf thereof for their Defence have a long tyme at their owne Cost and Charge upheld and maynteyned the Walls thereof wth manye Towers Turrettf Bulwarkf greate Ordinances Powder and other defensyve Artilerie and for other consideracions, did grante to the Maior Bayliffes and Burgesses of the said Towne and their Successors, a Charter which hath beene since confirmed by many other Princes, restrayninge all Marchantf not beinge free of the Libties of the said Towne, to buy or to sell any manner of Merchandize within the said Towne or the Libties thereof, uppon payne of forfeytinge the same Merchandize to the said Maior Bayliffes Burgesses and their Successors : And whereas nowe of late sundry Merchantf which are not free of the Libties of the said Towne and yet free of other Corporacions, who respectinge onely their private gayne without regard either of the saide Charter or how the saide Towne shalbe upheld and maynteyned, have of late intruded on the Libties thereof and doe

Gck-

1606-7-

4° Jac.I. c. 10, 11.

1149

i\

y

y



s

it!

Wi



'ii

i#

h




ib

Rl

it

m

in

a*

ib

sc

W

dn

N

i»

.a?

iid

lid

UK

kd

•id

both by themselves and alsoe by their Factors keepe Shoppes and Warehowses within the said Towne, and doe sell their Merchandize both in grosse and by retaile, cont*rye to the true meaninge of the said graunte and cont*rye to all Reason and Conscience, tending to the utter undoinge of the Merchant^ and Inhabitantf of the said Towne, and decaye of the said Towne : For Redresse whereof, may it please your most excellent Majestie that it may be enacted by your Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the C5mons in this £>sent Parliament assembled and by the Authoride of the same, and be it enacted and ordeyned by the Authoritie aforesaid. That soe much of the said Charter as doth conceme the p>misses shall from henceforth stand and be good effectuall and sufficient in the Lawe to all intentf and purposes accordinge to the true meaninge of the same Charter, and that the same be ratified and confirmed by this p>sent Parliament.

And further be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That no person or persons not being free of the side Towne shall buy any Merchandize within the said Towne or Libties therof (Salt and Sea Fishe only excepted) of any other not being free of the said Towne, nor sell any Merchandize (Salt and Sea Fish only excepted) within the said Towne or Libties thereof, to any pson or p6ons not beinge free of the said Towne; upon paine of Forfeyture of all such Merchandize soe bought or sold to the Maior Bailiffes and Burgesses of the said Towne and their Successors.

Provided alwaies, That any pson or psons may buy within the said Towne or Libties thereof any Pvision for his or theire owne House or Houses, soe as the same be expended there, and not in any sort sold againe, as if this Act had never bene made.

Provided alsoe, That it shall bee lawfull to any pson or psons to buy or sell in the tyme of Faires there, or aborde any Ship within the Porte of Southampton, of any pson whatsoever, as if this Act had never beene made.

( ') Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That this Act or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend nor be construed to extend to the Barons or Freemen of the Cing^ Portes or of the Members to them belonginge nor to any of them, but that they and everie of them shall and may at all tymes hereafter freelye and lawfullye have hold and enjoy all such Libties Freedomes Priviledges Immunities and Franchises within the said Towne of Southampton and the Libties thereof as have beene heretofore graunted unto the said Portes or any of them or any of the said Members or to the Barons or Freemen there, or have beene by them or any of them accustomed used or enjoyed j Any thinge in this Act to the cont‘rye notwithstandinge.

CHAPTER XI.

An Act for the better Pvision of Meadowe and Pasture for necessarie maintenance of Husbandry and Tillage in the Mannors Lordshippf and Parishes of Marden alias Mawarden Bodenham Wellington Sutton S‘ Michael Sutton S' Nicholas Murton upon Lug and the Parishe of Pipe, and everie of them, in the Countye of Hereford.

FORASMUCH as the said Mannors Lordshipf and Parishes of Marden alias Mawarden Bodenham Wellington Sutton S* Michaell Sutton S* Nicholas Murton upon Lugge and the Parishe of Pipe in the said Countie of Hereford, doe differ in the maner of their Husbandrie from many partes of the saide Countie and other Counties in the Realme of England, and the Inhabitantf thereof doe make the Tillage of the same Mannors Lordshipps and Parishes the more fertile by raisinge of Compost in howsinge all their Cattell of all sortes, espiallye all their Sheepe thoroughout the whole yeere and not by any other meanes ; which Cattell, especially their Oxen Kyne and Sheepe, w"out sufficient Meadowe and Pasture for Grasse and Hay are not possible to be mainteyned; And therefore the Fanners Freeholders and all other Husbandmen thereof are much distressed, in that their Tillage doth lye mingled w"1 their Pasture and Medowe Groundes yeerelie in or neere adjoyninge to their Come Feildf as the course and tumes of Husbandrie falls out, by occasion whereof the said Fieldes Meadowes and Pastures being open after Sickle and Sithe, all sortes of people tume in their Cattell, and within very short space eate up all the Grasse thereof, that the Oxen and Kyne of the Husbandmen are in danger to sterve in Summer, and of necessity in many places must be sold awaye for wante of winteringe Meate: For which inconveniences by complainte of the Husbandmen of those Places, some speedye publike redresse hath bene longe and much desired; Be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That every Owner and Farmer their Heires Successors and Assignes of any Mannors capitall Mesuage Tenement or Farme within the said Mannors Lordshippes and Parishes or any of them that have not already soe much of their Lande Meadow and Pasture belonginge or occupied to or with their severall Messuages Tenementf or Farmcs inclosed and kept in severall as doth amounte or extend to the cleere third parte thereof, may at his and their Will and Pleasure severally and respectivelie from tyme to tyme and at all tymes hereafter inclose and keepe in severall soe much of their saide Landes Meadowe and Pasture nowe at the first day of this p*sent Session of Parliament belonginge or occupied to or with the said severall Messuages Tenementf or Farmes as together w"1 such thereof as they hold alredie in severall shall amounte unto and make up a cleere thirde parte of all the Lands Meadowe and Pasture which they doe or shall soe there hold belonging or occupied to or with the said severall Mesuages Tenementf or Farmes to be holden and kept in severall to the mayntenance of Tillage of the Arrable Landes belonginge or occupied to or with the said severall Messuages Tenementf or Farmes respectivelie accordinge to the Estates of them that are severallye intcsted in the same, leavinge the other twoe partes thereof in three parts to be divided severally and respectivelye to lie and continewe as the same have heretofore used and accustomed to lye.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

The nid Charter confirmed.

II.

None but Freemen shall buy or sell there; except Salt and Sea Fish.

III. Exception for private Provisions.

IV.

Proviso for Fairs, or on Shipboard.

V.

Proviso for llarons or Freemen of the Cinque Ports.

PcculiarHusbandry by foddering Cattle in certain Parishes in Herefordshire:

Pasture Lands mixed with Tillage Lands there:

Owners and Farmers of I.ands there may inclose One-third thereof in Severalty.


13 N

G(X»

1150

4° Jac.I. c. 11

A.D. 1606-7,

n.

Exception for ancient Commons.

ra.

Proviso for Rights of Litter-Math, after the first Crop of Hay.

IV.

Not to assure any Title to unjust Possessors.

V.

Proviso for Highways, &c.

VI. Inclosers shall abate their Common Right proportionally.

VII. How such Proportion shall be ascertained.

Penalty on such Jitcloaera for surcharging Commons.

VIII. Lords of Manors, fcc. shall levy Penalties.

IX.

Lands so inclosed, if laid to new-built Cottages, shall be liable to Common Right.

Provided alwaies, That this Act or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend to any ancient Waste and Coman Grounde that heretofore hath byn or used to be as a ppetuall Comon and Wast Grounde by all the yeere, but that the same may soe contynue and remaine still as a ppetuall C5mon or Waste Ground.

Provided lykewise, That where any pson or psons hath or ought to have the Hay or first Vesture or Pasture onlye of any Land Meadowe or Pasture, and whereof the Inhabitantf of the Towneship or Parishe where the saide Land doth lye, have from the tyme to the cont*rye whereof the Memorye of Man doth not extend, used to have the whole [later1] Math latter Croppe or Edgegrouth thereof to themselves, and the Owner of the said Hay first Vesture or Pasture noe parte of the saide latter Math latter Crop or Edgegrouth, that in every such Case this Act shall not extend to any such Land hereby to be kept in severall, but that those which have soe had and used to have the said latter Math or latter Crop thereof, may still have and enjoy the same in such maner as fori&lye they have accustomed; This Act or any thinge therein conteyned to the cont*rye notwithstandinge.

Provided alsoe, That this Act or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend to any Land which any Pson or Psons Bodies Politiq, or Corporate hath or have unjustlie or without good Righte and Tytle taken or withholden from any other Pson or Psons Bodyes Politic^ or Corporate, to give any Interest or Title to any such Pson or Psons Bodies Politic^ or Corporate, their Heires Successors or Assignes, or any of them that soe have or hereafter shall have or doe unjustly without lawfull Tytle withhold any such Land, to have keepe or deteyne the same, but that any Pson or Psons Bodyes Politiq, or Corporate that hath or have any Right or Tytle to the same, their Heires Successors and Assignes shall and may take his and their lawfull Remedye for the Recovery thereof, as if this Act had never beene had or made; This Acte or any thinge therein conteyned to the cont*rye thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided alsoe, That noe pson or psons shalbe barred hindred or stopped of any High Waye Comon Way Husbandry Way or Foote Path, by Meanes or Reason of any such Inclosure, but that they and every of them may have and use all such Wayes in such Manner and Forme as hee they or any of them have used accustomed and of Righte oughte to have and use the same; This Act or any thinge therein conteyned to the cont*rye thereof in in any wise notwithstandinge.

Provided alsoe, That every pson and psons and their Heires and Assignes whoe shall at any tyme or tymes hereafter inclose and keepe in severall any Lande Meadowe or Pasture by force or vW of this p>sent Acte, shall be abated and abridged of his and their Comon in the Comon Fieldf and Comon Pasture in Places cdmonable belonging to the Townes Messuages or Farmes where such Inclosures shalbe made pporcionably after the Rate and Qualitie of the Landes Meadowe and Pasture soe to be inclosed and kept in severall, but ne&helesse shall and may have his and their Comon in Places comonable there, ratablye for the Residue of his or their Landes there, accordinge to the Usage and Custome of the Place; This Act or any thinge therein conteyned to the cont*rye thereof notwll,standinge.

And be it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid, That it shall and maye be lawfull to and for the Freeholders and Copyholders of the said Mannors Parishes and Townes, and of everie of them respectivelie, their Heires and Assignes, or the greater number of them, from tyme to tyme hereafter to rate and stinte every such pson and psons, his and their Heires and Assignes which soe shall inclose and keepe in severall, any Land Meadowe or Pasture by vW of this Acte, what and howe many Cattell of all Kyndes such pson and psons, his and their Heires and Assignes, shall have depasture and keepe upon the Comons of the same Manor Parish or Towne where such Lande Meadowe or Pasture shall soe be inclosed and kept in severall by vertue of this Acte; And that if any pson or psons, his or their Heires or Assignes, shall after hee or they shalbe soe rated or stinted have or keepe any more or greater number of Cattell upon the Comons of the same Mannor Parish or Towne where such

Land Meadowe or Pasture soe to bee inclosed and kept in severall, by v*tue of this Act shall lye, then such pson

or psons, his or their Heires or , signes shall soe be rated or stinted at as aforesaid ; that then and soe often everye such pson or psons, his and their Heires and Assignes, shall forfeite and lose for every Beaste which hee or they shall soe keepe over and above such Rate or Stinte which he or they shall soe be rated or stinted at, the some of Twelve

Pence for every Weeke that he or they shall soe keepe such Beaste or Beastes, over and above such Rate or Stinte;

The One Moitye thereof to be to the Poore of the Parishe where such Offence shall be comytted, and the other Moytie thereof to be to the Lorde of the Mannor where such Offence shall be comitted.

And further be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide. That all and everye Lorde and Lords of the Mannors or Lordshipf aforesaide, or any of them, where such Offence shall be comitted, and their Stewardf within the fPcincte of the same Mannors or Lordshippf, and everye of them, shall have full Power and Aucthoritie within their severall Leetes and Courte Barons of the saide Mannors or Lordshippf respectivelie to enquire and to take p>sentment by the Oathes of Jurors, of all and everye Offence and Offences in this Behalf to be comitted, and upon such psentment had or made to levye by Distresse all such s5mes of Money as soe shalbe forfeited ; and that every such Lorde and Lords or their Stewardf w* soe shall levy or cause to bee levyed any such some or somes of Money soe to be forfeited, shall within One Weeke next followinge the levyinge thereof, pay the One Moitye thereof to the Handes of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of such said Parish or Parishes where such Offence or Offencf shalbe cSmytted, to the Use of the Poore of the same Parishe.

Provided alsoe, That if any Pson or Psons Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Heires Successors or Assignes, shall at any tyme or tymes hereafter erecte or build any Cotage for Habitacion upon any Lande soe to be inclosed and kept in severall by force or vW of this Acte, or shall lay any of the said Landes to any Cottage for Habitacion,

1 latter 0.


A.D. 1606-7.

S

f!

5

H

H

S

S*

H

K

>*»

M

*i<

too-;

Wn

oiti atin lit hi bi iaat iiki

hht

btSb;

llln

bs:

■low

iadik:i

orhsi

e*'

»«

«*»

e«*

«<’•

1*


1*

Uo

I*

4° Jac.I. c. 11, 12.

1151

and by Meanes thereof or any other Meanes dismember the same from the Capitall Messuage Tenement or Farme to which the same is nowe belonginge or occupied, that then and in every such Case yt shalbe Iawfull by Order of the Courte of the Mannor where such Lands shall lye, to the Lord or his Officers of the same Mannor, or any of them for the tyme beinge, or the [Homagf'] of the same Mannor, or the more parte of them, to cast and put the same Lande soe laide to any Cottage or dismembred as aforesaid, open and into Comon, at Sumer Seasons of the yeere, and in such Manner and Forme as the same have beene formerlye used ; This Act or any thinge therein conteyned to the contrarie notwithstandinge.

Provided nev'theles. That where the latter Math latter Crop or Edgegrouth of 8ten Meadowes and Pastures ProTi|0 in the saide Parishes or Lordshipf of Marden alias Mawarden, Sutton S' Michaell, Sutton S' Nicholas, and Bodenham, Winter-hi^nin^ comonlye called or knowne by the severall Names of Smedell Whitterdaye Dolemeadowe the Groves the Old Lands the Wistheyes and the Wirgens, and c?ten smaller Meadowes and Pastures to them severallie adjoyninge, have byn accustomed or used most comonlye to be yeerelye of ancient time heyned and inclosed after Hay Harvest, for the keepinge and depasturinge of the Oxen and Kyne of such Towne or Parishe where such Meadowes and Pastures doe lye, by Sten Rates thereof in ancyent tyme used and accustomed, that there and in that case the same Meadowes and Pastures shall and may be heyned inclosed kepte and used yerelye for Oxen and Kyne, as most comonlye they have bene foriSlye used and accustomed to be hayned inclosed kept and used.

Pbovided alsoe. That this Act or any thinge herein conteyned shall not extend to inclose or alter the Usage and {o‘

Course of the greate Meadowe in or nere Sutton S' Michaell and Sutton S' Nicholas aforesaid, called Lug Meadowe Lug Meadow, or any Parte thereof, otherwise then the same hath bene used before the makinge of this Acte; This Act or any thinge therein conteyned to the cont’rye thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

XII.

This Acte to contynue but to the End of the last Session of the next Parliament. Continuance of Act.

CHAPTER XII.

An Act for Explanacion of the Statute made in the Thirde yeere of the Reigne of Kinge James, intituled An Act for the bringinge of a fresh Streame of runnynge Water to the Northe Partes of the Citie of London.

WHEREAS of late in the Parliament holden at Westm in the Thirde yeere of the Reigne of our Soveraigne The New RWer Lorde Kinge James, an Act was made for the bringinge of a freshe Streame of riinynge Water to the North u^h'a Trunk Partes of the Cittye of London, as by the same Act appeareth ; Nowe for that sithence the makinge of that Lawe, upon or Vault of Brick vewe of the Groundes through which the Waters are to passe by Men of Skyll, and upon advised Consideration the Powers ofr of the jPmisses, it is thought more convenient and lesse Damage to the Grounde that the same runnynge Water be broughte and conveyed in and through a Truncke or Vaulte of Bricke or Stone inclosed, and in some Places where

neede is, raised upon Arches, then in an openTrenche or Sewer, which manner of conveyance of the same Water in a Trunke or Vaulte of Bricke or Stone, is doubtfull whether by the Wordes of the former Lawe it may be lawfully effected by the Lorde Maior and Comunaltye and Citizens of the Cittye of London, albeit they doe duelie pforme everie Parte Clause Matter and Thinge in the said Statute conteyned, which on their parte are by the true Intent of that Lawe to be pformed: For cleeringe of which Doubte, and plaine Declaracion of the true Meaninge of the said Lawe,

Be it enacted by our Soveraigne Lord the Kinge and by the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons of this psent Parliamente assembled and by the Authoritie of the same, That at any tyme or tymes after the layinge out of such convenient Lymittf of Grounde for the makinge of the Trenche or Conveyance of Water to the North partes of the said Cittie of London, at the breadth of Tenne Foote and not above, as to the Maior and Comynaltie and Citizens of the Cittie of London and their Deputies and Workemen, with the allowance of the Comissioners in the said former Act mendoned, or any Seaven of them shalbe seene convenient and meete for the same, And in that Place that they shall finde to be most apt and meete for that purpose, accordinge to the true intente of the saide Statute, that the Maior and Comunaltye and Citizens of the said Cittie of London and their Successors Deputies and Workmen for the consideradon in the said former Act exposed shall have litotie not onlye to digge the same Grounde to be employed for the saide Ryver or New Cutt, as in the saide former Act is exposed, but alsoe in the same Place where they shall thincke most meete for the said Newe Cutt or Passage of Water, to frame erect and make a Trunke or Vaulte of Bricke or Stone for the Passage of the said Water to the North Partes of the said Cittye of London not exceedinge Tenne Foote in breadth, in such manner and forme to be laide in the Earthe or upon Arches as to the Maior and Comunaltie and Citizens of London shall seeme meete; and from tyme to tyme for ever to maintaine and pserve the same Truncke or Vault of Bricke or Stone, and for that purpose to have like Litotie and free Passage to and from the said Trunke or Vault of Bricke or Stone for makinge erectinge maynteyninge and pservinge thereof from tyme to tyme for ever, as they had or mighte have had by the intent of the saide former Act to and from the saide Newe Cutt or Ryver w"1 Men Horses Carte and Carriages at all tymes convenient and in places convenient for the makinge of the saide Newe Cutt or Trenche and for the pservinge of the same from tyme to tyme for ever; Any thinge in the saide former Statute or in any other Lawe or Statute to the cont’rye thereof in any wise notwithstandinge.

1 Homagers 0.


1152

A.D. 1606-7.

4° Jac. I. c. 13.

Certain Persons empowered, for Seren Years, to drain Fens in the Isle of Elf.

II.

The Drainers shall be entitled to Two-thirds of the Fens drained.

III.

Tenure of Lands so drained.

IV.

If Lands drained be again overflowed, the Drainers shall forfeit their Two-tliirds.

V.

General Proviso.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Act for the drayninge of §tayne Fennes and Lowe Grounds w^in the Isle of Ely, subject to hurte by surroundinge, conteyninge above Six thousand Acres, compassed aboute with Staine Banckf comonlye called and named the Ringe of Waldersey and Coldham.

XX THE RE AS by the drayninge of &ayne Fennes and Lowe Grounds w^in the Isle of Ely, subject to hurte by VV surroundinge, greate Benefitt may come to the Comonwealth, and much pfitt to the Owners of the said Grounds: Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall & Temporall and the Comons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authoride of the same, That Francis Tyndall Esquire, Henry Farre and John Cooper, Gentlemen, (whoe have undertaken to doe their best endevors to effect the same at their owne Costs and Charges, for the Consideracions hereafter mencioned) their Heires and Assignes, shall have full power and authoride by 9tue of this Act, duringe the space of seaven yeares next ensuynge the end of this pfeent Session of Parliament, to drayne all the Fennes and Lowe Groundes subject to hurte by surroundinge, in the said Isle of Elye, that lye and be invyroned with the Banckf, beginninge at Keekes Mill, and from thence by Tower House to Hobs House, and soe to Tilney Hume, from thence by Maries Damme, and soe by Elme Leame to Friday Bridge, and from thence by Redmore Dyke and Begdale, and soe by Gold Dike to Keekes Mill agayne; and for the doinge thereof to make of new, or to repaire in all places needefull such and soe many Draynes Loades Dykes Banckf Sluces and other works of Sewers as they shall thincke meete, not beinge in Marshe-lande w^in the old Podyke, for conveyinge to the Sea, aswell of the Socke and Downefall as of the overflowinge of Ryvers and Land Floodf, satisfyinge the Owners of such severallf as they shall cut, and such psons as they shall otherwise dampnifye soe much Money or other valuable Recompence as by sixe Comissioners of Sewers at the least, whereof thre inhabitinge within the saide Isle and three wll'in the Countye of Norff, shalbe ordered and sett downe.

And be it further enacted by the authoritye aforesaid, That ymediatly after the saide Groundes shall be drayned, accordinge to the true meaninge of this Act, the said Undertakers their Heires and Assignes, for and in consideration thereof, and of the ppetuall mainteyninge and pservinge of the same drayninge, as in this Act is heereafter mencioned, shall have hold and enjoy to them, their Heires and Assignes for ever, in sev'altye, two full partes in three to be devyded of all the said Fennes and Lowe Grounds, the same to be sett out by Meetes and Boundes before the Feast of S' Michaell the Archangell, which shalbe in the yeere of our Lorde One thousand sixe hundreth and eighte, by the severall Owners of the said Fennes and Lowe Grounds, or in defaulte of any of them, then at any time after by six Comissioners of Sewers at the least, whereof foure inhabitinge w^in the said Isle.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That the said twoe full partes shalbe held of the sePall Lordes of whome the same are nowe holden, in free and comon Soccage by fealtye onely for all manner of § vices, and not in Capite nor by Knight §vice; and likewise that the said twoe full partes shalbe freed from payinge any manner of Tythes untyll the Feast of S' Michaell the Archangell next ensuynge the end of seven yeeres, after the tyme lymited for the drayninge aforesaide.

Provided ne^theles, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaide, That if it shall fall out at any tyme hearafter that any of the said Fennes or Lowe Groundes, after they be once drayned, shalbe againe surrounded in defaulte of the saide Undertakers their Heires or Assignes, and soe doe contynue at any tyme betweene the Feast of S* Michaell the Archangell and the Annunciacion of the blessed Virgin Marie then next followinge, by the space of twoe Monethes togither, or doe soe contynewe at any tyme betweene the Feast of the Annunciacion of the blessed Virgin Marie and the Feast of S' Michaell the Archangell then next followinge, by the space of one Moneth togither, and not in the meane tyme amended by the saide Undertakers their Heires or Assignes, that then and soe often it shall and may be lawfull for every Owner of the Grounds soe surrounded, and not amended, by the Viewe and Appointment of six Comissioners of Sewers at the least, whereof foure inhabitinge w,hin the said Isle of Elye, beinge assembled for that purpose, to enter into the twoe full partes which were divided and set forth from his Grounds soe surrounded, for the said Undertakers as aforesaid, and the same to have and enjoye accordinge to his former Tytle Estate and Interest, untill the same Fennes and Lowe Groundes soe surrounded shalbe recoded againe by newe drayninge or repaire at the Costes and Charges of the said Undertakers their Heires or Assignes; Any thinge herein conteyned to the cont*ye notw^standinge.

Provided alsoe, That the Authoritie given by this Acte to the said Undertakers their Heires or Assignes, for the drayninge the said Grounds, shall not extend to give any power to cutt and drayne thorowe any other Grounds in any other manner then by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme heretofore made they may lawfully doe.


( 1153 )

S

'4,

%»

k<l


h

'*«

*bi

■«.

!&%

fen

ifcfc

fct,


kt

fci

eta


Mi

:lb

jr.

its

k*

an

i,i*

BK)

sis

iOf


in

Anno 7° [& 8°] JACOBI, I. A.D. 1609-10. [& 1610.]

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

HOLDEN BY PROROGATION AT WESTMINSTER, ON THE NlNTH Day OF FEBRUARY,

In the SEVENTH Year, and there continued

UNTIL AND UPON THE TwENTY-THIRD Day OF JULY NEXT FOLLOWING,

In the EIGHTH Year, of the Reign of K. JAMES, I. (')

<£X ftotulo parliament! De anno regnt SJacobt ftegts 3ngUe, fttotie, JTrantte,

et l#tbernte, ^epttmo.

In PARLIAMENTO tento per Prorogacionem apud Westmonasterium nono die Februarii Anno regni Serenissimi atque Excellentissimi Domini nostri Jacobi, Dei gracia Anglie Scocie Francie et Hibemie Regis Fidei Defensoris, 8cc. videlicet, Anglie Francie et Hibemie Septimo, et Scocie Quadragesimo tercio ; atque ibidem continuato usque ad et in vicessimum tercium diem Julii tunc proxime sequentis, et prorogato usque ad et in sextum decimum diem Octobris proxime sequentis; Communi omnium Dominorum tarn Spiritualium quam Temporalium et Communitatis consensu, et Regie Majestads turn presentis Assensu, inter alia Sancita Inactitata Ordinata et Stabilita fuerunt sequencia hec Statuta ad verbum ut sequitur.

Publique Actes.

i. An Acte for the better execucion of Justice and [supp - - - *] of Criminall 1 ] in the [-----4]

parts of the Kingdome of England.

a. An Acte [ - - - -115] such [ - - *] are to be naturalized or restored in Blood shall [ - - -....»]

the Sacrament of the Lords Supper and the Oath of Allegiance and the [-----1 ] of Supremacye.

3. An Acte for the contynuinge and better maintenance of Husbandrye and other Manuell Occupacions by

the true ymployment of Moneys given and to be given for the byndinge out of Apprentices.

4. An Acte for the due execucion of divers Lawes and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues Vagabondf

and Sturdye Beggars and other lewde and idle psons.

5. An Acte for ease in pleading against troublesome and contendous Suites psecuted against Justices of the

Peace Maiors Constables and ctaine other his Majesties Officers for the lawfull execucion of their Office.

б. An Acte for administringe the Oath of Allegiance, and Reformacion of maried Women Recusantf.

7. An Acte for the punishinge and correctinge of Deceiptf and Fraudes comitted by Sorters Kembers and

Spinsters of Wooll and Weavers of Woollen Yame.

8. An Acte to enlarge the Acte of Parliament made in the Second and Third Yeare of Kinge Phillippe and

Queene Marye, intituled An Act for the keepinge Milch Kyne, and for the breedinge and rearinge

of Calves.

* This Statute ha* in all Printed Copies been entitled as of the Seventh Year of the King’s Reign. The Public Acts, nu. 1 to 18, in the List at the Head of the Inrollment have always been printed as Chapters I. to XVIII. of the Statute; and nu. 19 to 33, as Chapters XX. to XXIV.—No. 27. in the List of Private Acts has been printed as Chapter XIX. of the Statute: It is now printed from the Original Act. No Titles are entered in the Margin of the several Acts on the Roll; but it has been thought convenient to print the Titles in the above List at the Head of the several Chapters. None of the Acts in the List of Private Acts are entered on the Inrollment.

The Roll being tom the following Words are supplied from the Calendar:

* suppressing ’ Offenders * North * that all * as r first receive * Oath

V01.. IV. 13 O


1154

7° Jac. I.

A.D. 1609-10.

9. An Acte for the bringing of freshe Streemes of Water by Engine from Hackney Marsh to the Cittie of London for the benefitt of the Kinges Colledge at Chelsey.

10. An Acte for Reformacion of Alehowsekeepers.

11. An Acte to pVente the Spoile of Come and Graine by untymelye hawkinge, and for the better Pservacion

of Feasantf and Partridges.

1 a. An Acte to avoide the double payment of Debts.

13. An Acte for the explanation of one Statute made in the second Session of this p*sent Parliament, intituled

An Acte against unlawfull huntinge and stealinge of Deere and Conyes.

14. An Acte for the revivinge of parte of a former Acte made in the fourth yeare of Kinge Edward the Fowrth

that noe Stranger or Alyen should buy any English Hornes unwrought, and that the Wardens of the Horners of the Cittie of London for the tyme beinge should have power to search all manner of Wares apperteyninge to their Misterye, in London and foure and twentye Miles on every side of it.

15. An Acte conSninge some maner of Assignementf of Debts to his Majestie.

16. An Acte for the incouraginge of many poore People in Cumberland and Westmerland and in the Townes

and Parishes of Carptmeale Hawkeshead and Broughton in the Countie of Lancaster to contynue their trade of makinge Cogware Kendallf Carptmeales and course Cottons.

17. An Acte against buminge of Linge and Heath and other Moorbuminge in the Counties of Yorke Durham

Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland Lancaster Darbye Nottingham and Leicester, at unseasonable tymes of the yeare.

18. An Acte for the takinge landinge and carryinge of Sea Sand for the bettringe of Grounds, and for the

increase of Corne and Tillage within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

19. An Acte for the speedye Recoverye of manye thousand Acres of Marshe Groundes and other Grounds

w'hin the Counties of Norffolke and Suffolke latelye surrounded by the rage of the Sea in divers parts of the said Counties, and for pVencion of the danger of the like surroundinge hereafter, ao. An Acte for the Confirmacion of Decrees hereafter to be made in the Exchequer Chamber and Dutchye

Courte con&iinge Customarie or Coppyhold [...........*] and Tenementf.

a 1. An Acte for the Confirmacion of the Subsidie graunted by the Clergie.

aa. An Acte for the Graunte of One entire Subsidye and One Fiftenth and Tenth graunted by the Temporal tie.

23. An Acte for the Kings most gracious geSall and free Pardon.

Private Actes.

1. An Acte for confirmacion of severall Decrees made in the Courts of Exchequer Chamber and Dutchie

Chamber betweene the Kings Majestie and divers Copiholders of his Majesties Mannor of Wakefeild in the Countye of Yorke.

2. An Acte for confirmacion of a Decree made in the Courte of Exchequer Chamber betweene the Kings

Majestie and the Coppyholders of his Majesties Mannor of Edelmeton alias Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex.

3. An Acte for the pfect creacion and confirmacion of §taine Coppihold Lands in the Honour Castle Mannor

or Lordshippe of Clitherowe or in the severall Mannors or Lordshippf of Derby Accarington Colne and Ightenhill, in the Countye of Lancaster.

4. An Acte for the assuringe and establishing of the Isle of Man.

5. An Acte for the explanacion of a Provisoe or Branche of a Statute conteyned in an Acte of Parliament

made in the yeeres of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord Kinge James of England Fraunce and Ireland the Fourth, and of Scotland the Forteth, intituled An Acte for the Establishment and Assuraunce of divers of the Possessions and Hereditamentf of Ferdinando late Earle of Derbye.

6. An Acte for the Assuraunce of ftaine Lands and Rent to the Bishoppe of Duresme and his Successors,

and of c?taine other Lands to Robte Earle of Salisbury and his Heires.

7. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir Robert Karre Knighte.

8. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Mistris Jane Drummond, Gentlewoman of the Queenes Majesties

Bedchamber.

9. An Acte for the Sale of the Mannor of Brettf and Farme of Plastowe in the Countye of Essex, Parcell of

the Possessions of Henrye Earle of Oxonford towards the repurchasinge of the Castle Mannor and Parkes of Henningham in the same Countye, being the auncient Inheritaunce and cheif Mansion Howse of the Earles of Oxonford.

10. An Acte for the assuringe of the Ferme and Demesnes of Damerham and other Landes in Wiltsheire, accordinge to his Majesties Graunt and a former Graunte made by Kinge Edward the Sixte.

1 Landf—Calendar.

tizedbyQo

OOl £* 0 rigi na I from

O1^ PENN STATE

m e ,tf S M ~ * S *? ■?=■

1609.]0.

7° Jac. I.

11.55

V

M

i*

\to

to

I*

i*

to-

il. An Act for the foundacion of an Hospitall a Grammar Schoole and maintenance of a Preacher in the Towne of Thetford for ever, according to the last Will and Testament of Richard Fullmarston Knight.

i a. An Act for the naturalizinge of John Murray John Levingston and John Auchmothy Groomes of his Majesties Bedchamber, and Richard Murray Warden of Manchester.

13. An Act for the naturalizing of Levinus Munke, one of ye Clarkf of his Majesties Signett.

14. An Acte for the confirminge and establishinge of a Decree made in the High Courte of Chancerye for

and on the behalf of nyne poore Children and Orphanes of Will’m Elrington and Edward Elrington against Edward Cage, Executor of the and Testament of Rowland Elrington Brother of the said

Edward and [W - - Elrington, and Unkle of the said Children, and for the extendinge of the Landes and Goods of the said Edward Cage for the speedye execucion and pformaunce of the said Decree and the payment and satisfaction of the somes of Money thereby decreed to the said Children.

15. An Act for the naturalizinge of Rofete Browne his Majesties Servant in Ordinarie.

16. An Acte for confirmacion of §taine Fynes levyed by John Arrundell of Guarnack Esquire to John Arundell

of Trerise Esquire deceased, and for setlinge of the Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf comprised in the said Fynes, upon John Arrundell Esquire and his Heires Sonne of the said John Arrundell deceased.

17. An Acte to enable Edward Nevill Lord Bergavennye and Sir Henry Nevill Knighte his eldest Sonne, to

alyen ?taine Lands for payment of their Debts and advauncement of their Daughters and younger Sonnes, and for better Assurance of other Lands latelye purchased by the said Lord from his Majestie.

18. An Acte for the restitucion in Blood of the Sonne and twoe Daughters of George Brooke late attainted of

High Treason.

19. An Acte for the disunitinge of the Parsonages of Ashe and Deane w^in the Countye of Southampton,

beinge psentative and w* Cure of Soules.

20. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Henry Gibb Groome of the Bedchamber to the most excellent Prince

Henry, Prince of Wales.

21. An Acte for Sale of parte of the Lands of William Essex of Lamborne in the Countie of Berk

Esquire for the payment of his Debts, and setlinge the Residue uppon himself and his posteritie.

22. An Act for the Releif of John Holdich Gens, disinherited by the ext'ordinarie amending of the Errors

of a Fyne.

23. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Sir George Ramsey Knight, Equire of the most excellent Prince Henry,

Walter Alexander, Gentleman Usher of the said Prince Henry, and John Sandilandis, Groome of the said Prince his Beddchamber.

24. An Acte for the naturalizinge of Peter Vanloore of Fanchurch Streete London Merchant.

25. An Acte for the securinge and confirminge of c?taine Landes and Tenementf heretofore graunted devised

or conveyd to the Companies of Salters and Brewers of London.

26. An Acte for the unitinge and annexinge of the Parsonage and decayed Parishe of Froome Whitfeild in

the Countie of Dorsett to the Parsonage and Parishe of the Holy Trinitie in Dorchester in the said Countie.

(>) 27. An Acte for the contynuance and reparacion of a newe buylte Weare uppon the River of Exe neere unto the Cittie of Exeter.

28. An Acte to confirme and enable the ereccion and establishment of an Hospitall a Free Grammar Schoole and sundrye other godlye and charitable Actes and Uses donne and intended to be done and pformed by Thomas Sutton Esquire.

28. An Acte for the makinge void of certaine Conveyances and the Estates lymited thereby, unduly gotten

from Sir Henry Crispe Knight, whereby he ,is defrauded of the Inheritance of divers Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf lying in the Countie of Kent, and for the establishinge of the Inheritance of the same in the said Sir Henry Crispe and his Heires.

29. An Acte for the enabling of the Assurance of ftaine Landes conveyed for the porcions of three of the

Daughters of John Wentworth Esquire, and for the confirmacion of c?taine other Estates for Life in other Lands, and to enable Sir John Wentworth Knight to sell c^taine Lands for the payment of his Debts.

30. An Acte for the enabling of Reginald Rous of Badingham in the Countie of Suff Gent to make sale of the

third part of the Mannor of Badingham Hall wUl the Appurtenancf, and of the third part of ftaine other Lands and Tenementf, w"1 the Appurtenancf in Badingham Tymington and Little Glemham in the said Countie of Suffolk, to Reginald Rous of the Inner Temple London Esquire, Nephew to the said Reginald Rous of Badingham.

■ last Will 0. * William O.

* This has been printed as Chapter XIX. of the Statute of this Year—Sec Note in pa. 1 153.

1156

7° Jac. I. c. 1.

.ZU609-10.

31. An Acte for the naturalizing of Edward Palmer and Henry Palmer, Sonnes of William Palmer of Vlishing, and of Michael Boyle the Sonne of James Boyle Citizen and Mercer of London.

зa. An Act for the enabling of Charles Waldegrave Esquire to make Sale of Staine Lands for the payment of

his Debts and the Advauncement of his younger Sonnes & Daughters.

33. An Act for the naturalizing of Richard Bladwell John Bladwell and Robert Bladwell the Sonnes of John

Bladwell an Englishmen; Georg Hasden and John Hasden the Sonnes, and Martyn Hasden the Wife of John Hasden an Englishmen; Elizabeth Cradock and Anne Cradock the Daughters of William Cradock an Englishmen; Jane alias Janekyn Carstens, and Elizabeth Van Buechton.

34. An Act for the confirmacion of the Sale and Conveyance of divers Mannors Lordshippes Libties and other

Hereditamentf late Henry Jemegans Esquire, made by Sir Thomas Hime Knight, Cristopher Hime Gentleman, and Clement Hime Esquire, unto Sir John Heveningham Knight, and Dame Bridgett his Wife.

35. An Act for the naturalizing of John Mounsey.

зб. An Act for the naturalizing of Johannekyn alias Joane Greenesmith Daughter of Mathewe Greenesmith,

Citizen and Grocer of London.

37. An Act for confirmacion of three sePall Writings indented, purporting and setting forth the Revocations

of Three sev'all Convey*uncf or Assurancf made by Sir Robert Drury Knight unto divers psons upon naturall consideracions only.

38. An Act for the naturalizing of Margarett Clark, Wife of Robert Clark Gentleman.

39 An Act for the amending of a Writt of Entrie whereupon a comon Recoverie was had of y' Inheritance of Sir John Byron Knight, wl,1in the Countie Palatine of Lancaster.

40. An Act for the naturalizing of the Right RePend Father in God George MontgoiSy Lord Bishop of Derry

in Ireland; Sir James Fullarton, and Sir Hugh MontgonJy Knight, and Hugh and James MontgoiSy, Children of the said Sir Hugh MontgoiSy.

41. An Acte for the naturalizing of Martinus Schonerus ordinarie Phisician to the Queenes Majestie; Dorothy

Seelkyn and Engella Seelkyn, twoe Maidf of the Queenes Majesties Bedchamber ; Katheryne Benneken §vant to the Queenes Majestie; John Wolfang Rumbler, Apothecarie in ordinarie to the King and Queens Majestie, and Anna de Lobell ats Wolfang Rumbler his Wife.

4a. An Acte to make one Writing indented bearing date the Nynth Day of March in the first yere of his Majesties Raigne of England, made by Christopher Smith Esquire, and Millicent Smith his Sonne and Heire Apparent, purporting a Revocacion of the Uses and Estates of the Manor of Water Newton in the Countie of Huntingdon, and of divers Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf in the said Writing of Revocacion mencioned, to have the full force and power of a pfect Deede of Revocacion according to the Purport of the said Writing, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Parties thereunto, whereby the said Millicent Smith may be enabled to make Sales for the Payment of his Debts.

CHAPTER I.

An Acte for the better Execucion of Justice and suppressing of criminall Offenders in the North Parts of the

Kingdome of England.

Recital of Stat.

4 Jac. I. c. 1. § 6. as to Trial of Englishmen for Onences committed in Scotland:

Inconvenience thereof;

WHEREAS in a Statute made in the Third Session of this p'sente Parliament, entituled An Act for the utter Abolicion of all Memory of Hostilitie and the dependancf thereof, betweene England and Scotland, and for the repressinge of Occasions of Discordf and Disorders in tyme to come, yt was amongst other Things enacted, that noe naturall borne Subject of the Realme of England or the Dominions of the same, should for any High Treason Misprision or Concealement of High Treason Petty Treason or any other whatsoever Offence or Cause comitted w""in Scotland, be sent out of England where he is apphended to receave his Triall, untill such tyme as both Realmes should be made one in Lawes and GovWnt, wch is the Thinge soe much desired, as that wherein the full pfeccion of the blessed Union already begun in his Majesties Royall Pson consisteth: Since the making of wrt Statute, although those parts of the Kingdome of England adjoyning and lying neere unto the Realme and Kingdome of Scotland, have bynne and are by his Majesties incessant Care and princelie Pollicie reduced to a more civyll and peceable Estate then could in short tyme have bene expected or hoped for; Yet experience teacheth that Malefactors of either Realme having comitted their Offences in the other Realme doe forthwith fly and escape into their owne Countrey, thereby to purchase their ympunitye, to the greate and manifest Greivance of the one Realme and the Dishonour of the other: By Meanes whereof very many greate and heynous Offences since the makinge of the said Statute have beene and are still likely to be comitted, w^out condigne Punishment; for that since the making of the said Statute, there hath not beene any one Offendor comittinge any the Offences aforesaid in Scotland, y* hath beene psecuted to his Triall Judgment or Execucion in England by Reason or upon any the Branches Lawes or Ordinances in the said Statute mencioned or conteyned : Whereby it manifestly appeareth, that the said Clause in the said Statute conteyned and before in this p*sent Act expressly mencioned conning the not sending out of England any naturall


A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 1—3.

1157


N,

'<k


n»

i>k

■fit

fe

B=s

*i'i

«5

nil

li*

m

kk

W

•it

,afi

sis

its

*0*

ns>

a*’


tit

&>

10

d>

I. I j*»

s*

ss?

borne subject of the Realme or the Dominions of the same, for any whatsoever Offence comitted w'‘in the Real me of Scotland, to receave his Triall for any the said Offencf hath not brought forth that good Effect as was hoped for, and by the said Lawe intended to the great p'judice and dishonour of both Realmes: For the pVenting of wch apparant and to manyfest Mischeif and Inconvenience, bee it enacted, and by the authoritie of this pfsent Parliament established, That if at any tyme or tymes after the end of this p'sent Session of Parliament, any pson or psons shall comitt any Offence or Offences w,hin the Realme of Scotland, wck by the Lawes of this Realme of England is are or shalbee declared or adjudged to be Petty Treason Murder Manslaughter felonious Burninge of Howses and Come, Burglarie robbing of Howses by day Robbery Thefte or Rape, and doe or shall flye or escape into the Realme of England, and bee or shalbee apphended w^in any the Counties of Northumbland Cumberland WestiQland or any Partes or Members of the same, or wthin the Partes or Places lying on the North Side of the Ryver of Tyne comonly called or knowne by the Names of Bedlingtonshire Norhamshire and Ilandshire, the Towne and Countie of Newcastle uppon Tyne, and the Towne of Barwicke upon Twede, w*11 the Boundf and Libties thereof, that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Justices of Assize, or any one of them in the Absence of the other, the Justices of Gaole deliv’y at their Gaole Delyverye or any foure of them, or the Justices of Peace in their Geffall or Quarter Sessions or any foure of them, upon due and mature Examynacion of the said Offence or Offences in Open Sessions, and pregnant Proofes of the same, by Warrant under their Handes and Seales, to remand and send all and eVy such Offendor and Offendors into the Realme of Scotland, there to receave their Triall for any the Offences aforesaid by them there comitted; Any thinge in the said Statute conteyned to the cont*rye thereof notwithstanding ; This Lawe to contynue to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

Provided nevWlesse and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That this Statute nor any Clause therein conteyned, shall take effect or be in force, or in any wise be deemed or expounded to take Effect, to any Intent Construction or Purpose, untill a Lawe by Act of Parliament be made and established w1*^ the Realme of Scotland, for the remandinge and sendinge out of the Realme of Scotland into the Realme of England all and e9y pson and psons borne w,hin the Realme of Scotland or the Domynyons of the same, w* shall at any tyme hereafter comitt any the Offences aforesaid wl,in the Realme of England, to receyve his and their Triall in the Realme of England, for all and every the said Offences by them comitted in the said Realme of England.

CHAPTER n.

An Acte that all such as are to be naturalized or restored in Blood shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacye.

FORASMUCH as the naturalizinge of Strangers, and restoring to blood psons attainted, have beene ever reputed Matters of meere Grace and Favour wcl> are not fitt to be bestowed upon any others then such as are of the Religion nowe established in this Realme: Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comons in this p'sent Parliament assembled, That noe pson or psons of what Qualitie Condicion or Place soever, beinge of the Age of Eighteene yeres or above, shalbe naturalized or restored in Blood, unles the same pson or psons have receaved the Sacrament of the Lordes Supper wlhin one Moneth next before any Bill exhibited for that Purpose; and also shall take the Oath of Supremacy and the Oath of Allegiance in the Parliament Howse before his or her Bill be twice read.

And for the better effecting of the p’misses, be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That the Lord Chauncellor of England or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale for the tyme beinge, yf the Bill begynne in the Upper Howse, and the Speaker of the Comons House of Parlyament for the tyme beinge if the Bill begynne there, shall have authoritie at all tymes duringe the Session of Parliament, to minister such Oath and Othes, and to such pson and psons as by the true Intente of this Statute is to be ministred ; This Act to take place from and after the End of this p'sent Session of Parliament.

CHAPTER III.

An Acte for the contynuinge and better Maintenance of Husbandrye and other manuell Occupacions by the true ymployment of Moneys given and to be given for the byndinge out of Apprentices.

FORASMUCH as the true Labour and Exercise of Husbandry and the bringing up of Apprentices of both Sexes in Trades and manuell Occupacions are Things very pfitable in the Comon wealth, and acceptable and pleasing unto Almightie God, there beinge alreadye greate s5mes of Money freely given, and more in tyme to come lyke to be given by divers well disposed psons unto the Corporacions of dyvers Citties Boroughs Townes Corporate and unto dyvers psons in sundry Townes not Corporate, and Parishes w,hin this Realme of England, to be contynually imployed in the byndinge out as Apprentizes of a great Number of the poorest sortes of Children unto needefull


>3 P

Persona committing Offences in Scotland, and escaping into certain Northern Districts of England, may be sent by Warrant of Justices of Assize, fcc. to be tried in Scotland.

Continuance of this Act.

II.

A similar Law shall be passed in Scotland.

No Persons shall be naturalized, unless they take the Sacrament, and the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy.

II.

Lord Chancellor or Speaker may administer the Oaths.

For securing Application of Money given for binding Apprentices;


1158

7° Jac. I. c. 3.

A.D. 1609-10.

Such Money shall be under the Management of Corporation* of Cities, kc. or the Parson, &c of Parishes, and Places not corporate.

Penalty on Neglect of Application,

6. 8.

II.

Masters, kc. shall gi»e Security to return the Money after the End of the Apprenticeship.

III.

Money shall be applied within Three Months;

Apprentices may be taken from adjoining Parish, See.

Trades and Occupations, the Experience whereof hath brought forth very greate Pfitt and Comoditie unto those Cityes Townes & Parishes where any partes of the said Moneys have byn soe given and ymployed, and so noe dowbt there will consequently ensue thereof the exceedinge good of the Comon wealth in geiiall; And for that most parte of the poorer sortes of Children would as heretofore w^out such good Care and Assistance, be brought up in Idlenes and disordered kyndf of Lyfe, to their utter ovWowe and to the great p^judice of the whole C5mon Wealth; And for that it is very likelye that many other well disposed People wilbe the better encouraged willingly to followe the like good Example in bestowinge also good somes of Moneyes to the same good and godly Purposes, if it might be soe pvided, that such Moneys as have byn alredye soe freely gyven, or as hereafter shalbe given for the byndinge out of such poore Children Apprentizes may continually hereafter remaine, and be wholly imployed accordingly: Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the C5mons in this (Psent Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same, That all somes of Money soe freelie given at any tyme w^in three yeares last past or hereafter to be given by any pson or psons to be contynually ymployed for the byndinge out of Apprentices as aforesaid, shall for ever from henceforth contynue and be from tyme to tyme used and ymployed to such uses intentf and purposes only and by such psons and in such manner and forme as shalbe hereafter by this psent Acte specified and declared ; Except the same have bene or shalbe otherwise ordered or disposed by the Givers thereof. That is to say ; That all Corporacions of all Citties Boroughes and Townes Corporate by what Name or Names soever they shalbe knowne or incorporated ; And in Townes or Parishes not incorporate, the Parson or Vicar of every such Towne or Parish, together w,h the Constable or Constables the Churchwarden or Churchwardens Collectors and the Overseers for the Poore for the tyme beinge or the most parte of them, where any such some or somes of Money are already given or shalbe hereafter given to be soe ymployed, shall from tyme to tyme w,hin the said severall Cities Boroughes Townes and Parishes respectyvely have the noiacion and placinge of such Apprentices and the guidinge and ymployment of all such Moneys as have beene heretofore so given or w* hereafter shalbe given to and for the contynuall byndinge foorth of such and so many Apprentices and in such sort as is already or shall hereafter be so given and appoynted either by the last Will and Testament or by any Writing or Writings under the Hands and Seale? of any pson or psons w*" hath already or hereafter shall so give any some or somes of Moneys unto the good and godly purposes and intentf aforesaid : And if the Corporacion of any such Cyties Boroughes or Townes Corporate by what Name or Names so ever they shalbe called or incorporated or any the pson or psons in the other Townes and Parishes above mencioned appointed by this Act to have contynually the guyding and ymployment of such somes of Moneys so already given or hereafter to be given to the intentf and purposes aforesaid, shall at any tyme hereafter wilfully forbeare or refuse according to their duties in this behalf to ymploy such s5mes of Moneys so given or to be given as aforesaid for the byndinge out of such Apprentices, by meanes of wch wilfull forbearance or refusinge the said Money shall not be ymployed accordingly, That then they and every of them so offendinge cont'ry to this Act shall forfeite for every such Offence the some of Three Pounds Six Shillingf and Eight Pence lawfull English Money, the one half thereof to be given to the Poore of the Towne or Parishe where such Fault or Offence shalbe donne or comitted, the other moitie to the partie that shall sue for the same; And that every man that will, may and shalbe admytted to sue for the same moytie for the use and benefitt of the said Poore, and shalbe also admytted to sue for the Forfeyture of the other moytie in any of the Kinges Majesties Courts of Record to his owne benefitt and behoof, by Accion of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacion, wherein no Protecdon Wager of Lawe or Essoigne shalbe admitted or allowed.

And for that all Moneys so given may the better contynue to and for the purposes aforesaid, Be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That the Master Mistresse or Dame of every such Apprentice or Apprentices that shall receave any such some or somes of Money as aforesaid, shalbecome bound wu' one or two sufficient Suerties by Bond or Obligacion in double the some w* they and every of them shall so receave w,h such Apprentice or Apprentices as aforesaid, unto the Corporacion of any such Citie or Towne Corporate by what Name or Names soever they shalbe called or incorporated, or to such pson or psons in the other Townes and Parishes not incorporated appointed by this Act to have contynually the guiding and employment of all such s5mes of Money so already given or hereafter to be given to the intentf and purposes aforesaid respectively; upon condicion to repay such some or somes of Money as he or she shall soe receyve w,h any such Apprentice or Apprentices at the end of seaven yeares next ensuynge the date of the said Oligacion, or wu,in Three monethf next after the end of the said seaven yeares; And if such Apprentice shall happen to dye w,lin the said Space of seven yeares, then w,hin One yeare after his or her said Death; And if the Master Mistres or Dame to whome any such Apprentice or Apprentices shalbe bound shall happen to dye w"‘in the said space of seven yeares, then w,hin one yeare next after his or her said Death, soe as the said Moneys may be againe ymployed for placing such Apprentice w,b some other pson of the same Trade to serve out the Residue of the yeares of his or her former Apprenticeship, by the discrecion of the said psons trusted as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That every such some or somes of Money so given or to be given in manner and forme, and to and for the good uses and intentf aforesaid, shall alwayes be put forth and employed by the parties aforesaid, that by this Act shall have the disposinge and ymployment thereof wlhin three Monethes at the furthest after such Moneys shall come to the Hands of the said parties, that by the intent and true meaning of this Act, ought to dispose and ymploy the same; And if at such tymes there shall not be found fitt and apt psons to be bound out Apprentices as aforesaid w"in the said Cyties Townes and Parishes where such somes of Money are or hereafter shalbe given to be ymployed as afore is declared, then such of the poorest Children of any

Go

A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 3, 4.

1159

N

N

S

N

«»


k»

St

1*

ta;

Hr

I*.

tai


*«i

|»tl

BS*,

>W. rate’ l*5J »ht *T«i »fcl bat:

p¥

oPm

:wr.

Mb

kjW'

f®1

riH

dbii

fltoi

of the Parishes next adjoyninge shalbe bound Apprentices in manner as aforesaid, as by the Care and good Discresions of the parties w" by this Act have the disposinge and ymploym* of the said somes of Money in the Cities Townes and Parishes where it was first given to be ymployed, shalbe thought fitt and convenyent, taking such Bonds and Obligations of the psons that shall receive the same somes of Money so put forth, and wu‘ such Suerties, and upon such Conditions as is above mencioned and declared.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authorise aforesaid. That Choice from tyme to tyme be made of the poorest sorts of Children of every such Cittie Towne or Parish where such Moneys shall bee so given, and whose Parents are least able to releive them; And that noe such Apprentice shall be above the age of fifteene yeeres when he or she shall be soe first bound out an Apprentice.

And for the better execucion of this Act, Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That all and every pson and psons appointed by this Acte to have the ymployinge and disposing of any some or somes of Money so given or to be given as aforesaid w,bin any Towne or Parish not corporate, shall after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, once ePye yeere in the Easter Weeke, or wlhin one moneth next after Easter Daye make a true and pfect Accompt before sower three or two Justices of the Peace dwelling in or next to every of the said Townes or Parishes, of all such some and s5mes of Money as they or any of them have ymployed in bynding of Apprentices, by v’tue of this Acte, and of all Bonds and Obligacions taken for the payment thereof; And also of all such s5mes of Money as then shall happen to be remayning in their Handes not ymployed; And also shall at the making and yelding up of the said Accompt, or w,hin tenne daies then next following, yeild and delyver up unto such as shall happen next to succeed them, or then to bee in the said Roomes or Places, all such Obligacions and Bonds as by them or any of them have beene before that tyme taken to the uses aforesaid; as also all somes of Money remayning in their or any of their Hands to be employed as aforesaid, and not ymployed at the tyme of the yeelding up of the said Accompt.

And further be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if any of the parties appointed and trusted by this Act to have the disposing and ymployment of any of the said sdmes of Money so given or to be given as aforesaid, shall in any pointe or degree breake the trust and confidence in them in this behalf reposed, or shall cSmitt any other Misdemeanor or Offence in misimploying of the said somes of Money or any parte thereof, or in doing any other Act or Acts contrary to their dutie and the true intent and meaning of this Act, for wch there is not by this Acte any penaltye given or appoynted, then it shall and may be lawfull for any pson or psons whatsoever in the behalf of the Poore of such Citty Borough or Parish to exhibite his Peticion to the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme being touching the same; Wch Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme being, shall therupon have full power and authoritie to award out a Comission out of the Highe Courte of Chauncery under the Great Seale of England to such and so many psons as his Lordshippe shall thinck meete, to enquire heare and dePmyne the said Offences, and every of them ; And if the said Comissioners, or the most parte of them, shall fynde that any some or sdmes of Money so given or to be given are lost ympayred wasted or diminished, then they or the most parte of them shall likewise have power by vertue of this Act, and of their said Comission, to rate raise and collect the said some of Money soe lost ympayred wasted or diminished, upon such pson and psons in Places not incorporate as by this Act are appointed to have the guiding and ordering of the said Moneys if they or any of them have fayled in their said Duties in that behalfe, or otherwise upon the able Inhabitantf of such City Towne or Parishe where the same shall soe happen, as in the discrecion of the said Comissioners or the greatest parte of them shalbe thought fittest, and to retorne the said Comission and the manner of the execucion thereof into the said High Courte of Chauncerie w"'in Three Monethes next after the execucion thereof; And if any pson or psons shall fynd himself greived by any thinge done by the said Comissioners, then upon coraplainte thereof made in the High Courte of Chauncerie, the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper for the tyme being shall have full Power and Authoritie to order and decree the same as to his Lordshippe shalbe thought most fitt to stand w,h Equitie and good Conscience.

IV.

The poorest Children, under Fifteen, shall be apprenticed.

V.

Persons disposing of the Money shall account before Justices of Peace.

VI.

On Complaint of Misapplication, &c. Chancery-may appoint Commissioners to esquire, &c. with Appeal to the Lord Chancellor.

hi if

suit

if

tin

bit

A*

ii*

i*

W

CHAPTER IV.

An Acte for the due execucion of divers Lawes and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues Vagabonds and Sturdye Beggars and other lewde and idle psons

T ¥ THE REAS heretofore dips good and necessarie Lawes and Statutes have beene made and pvided for the V v ereccion of Howses of Correccion for the suppressing and punishing of Rogues Vacabondf and other idle vagrant and disorderly psons, w* Lawes have not wrought soe good effect as was expected, aswell for that the said Howses of Correccion have not beene buylte according as was intended, as alsoe for that the said Statutes have not beene duly and severely putt in execucion as by the said Statutf were appointed ; For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted and established by our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie and by the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and by the Comons in this jpsent Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same, That all Lawes and Statutes nowe in force made for erecting and buylding of Howses of Correccion, and for punishing of Rogues Vacabondf and other wandring and idle psons shall be put in due execucion.

Former Laws for erecting Houses of Correction, and punishing Vagabonds, confirmed.

1160

7° Jac. I. c. 4.

A.D. 1609-10.

ii.

Houses of Correction shall be built in every County; and vested in Trustres named by Just ices in Sessions.

III.

Penalty on every Justice in any County where such House is not erected, j£$.

IV. Sessions shall appoint Governors of such Houses.

Vagabonds there shall not be chargeable to the County.

V.

Rogues, &c. shall be apprehended, by Warrant of Justices for a General Privy Search, twice a Year, and brought by Constables, Dec. before Justices at a General Meeting for Execution of this Act.

And be it further enacted and established by the authoritie aforesaid. That before the Feast of S' Michaell the

Archangell wrt shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God one thousand six hundred and eleven, there shalbee erected

built or otherwise pvided w'"in ev’y Countie of this Realme of England and Wales where there is not one Howse of Correccion alredy built purchased pvided or contynued, one or more fitt and convenient Howse or Howses of Correccion w,h convenient Backside thereunto adjoyninge togither w"* Milles Tumes Cardf and such like necessarie Ymplementf to sett the said Rogues or such other idle psons on worke ; the same Howses to be buylt erected or pvided in some convenient Place or Towne in evV Countie: Wch Howses shalbee purchased conveyed or assured unto such pson or psons as by the Justices of Peace or the more part of them in their Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden wthin ePy Countie of this Realme of England and Wales upon Trust, to the Intente the same shalbee used and ymployed for the keeping correcting and setting to worke of the said Rogues Vagabondf Sturdy Beggers and other idle and disorderly psons.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if the said Howse soe to be erected purchased or

pvided, shall not be erected buylt or otherwise pvided before the Feast of S' Michaell the Archangell, w* shalbe

in the yeere one thousand six hundred and eleven next ensuyng the last day of this p*sent Session of Parliament, that then ePy Justice of Peace w'h'n eQy Countie of this Realme of England and Wales, where such Howse and Backside shall not be erected or pvided, shall forfeite for his said Neglect Fyve Pounds of lawful! English Money, the One Moitie thereof to be unto him or them that will sue for the same by Accion of Debt Bill Plainte or Informacion, in wrh Suite noe Pteccion Essoine or Wager of Lawe shalbee admitted ; And the other Moitie thereof to be ymployed and bestowed towards the erecting buylding peuring or pviding the said Howse and Backside, and such necessarie Ymplementf as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted and established by the authoritie aforesaid, That the Justices of Peace of ev^y Countie w"'in the Realme of England and Wales, at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for their sev'all Counties fnext after the erecting pviding or buylding of the said Howse or Howses, and soe from tyme to tyine) or the most parte of them, shall elect noiate and appointe at their Will and Pleasure, one or more honest fitt pson or psons to be Governor or Master of the saide Howse or Howses soe to be purchased erected buylte or pvided; wch pson and psons soe chosen by v*tue of this psent Act, shall have Power and Authoritie to sett such Rogues Vagabondf

idle and disorderlie psons as shalbee brought or sent unto the said Howse to work and labor (being able) from

tyine to tyme for such tyme as they shall contynue and be remayning in the said Howse of Correction, and to punishe the said Rogues Vagabondf, idle and disorderly psons, by putting Fetters or Gyves upon them, and by moderate whipping of them: and that the said Rogues Vagabondf and idle psons, during such tyme as they shall contynue and remaine in the said Howse of Correccion, shall in noe sort be chargeable to the Countrie for any Allowance either at their bringing in or going forth or during the tyme of their Abode there, but shall

have such and so much Allowance as they shall deserve by their owne Labour and Worke.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That the said Justices of Peace of every Countie w"'in every of their severall Devisions twice in every yeare at the least and oftener if their be occasion, shall assemble and meete togither for the better execucion of this Statute, and that some sower or fyve daies before their Assembly and Meeting, the said Justices or the more parte of them shall by their Warrant comaund the Constables and Tithing-men of every Hundred Towne Parish Village and Hamlett w,hin their said severall Divisions, wd' shalbe assisted w‘" sufficient Men of the same Places, to make a geniall privy search in one Night wu,in their said Hundreds Townes Villagf and Hamlettf, for the finding out and appending of the said Rogues Vagabondf wandring and idle psons, and that such Rogues Vagabondf wandring and idle psons as they shall then fynd and apphend in the said Search, shall by them be brought before the said Justices at their said Assembly or Meeting, there to be examined of their idle and wandring life, there to be punished, or otherwise by their Warrant to be sent or conveyed unto the said House or Houses of Correccion w*l,in the said County, appointed and pfixed, there to be delyvered unto the Master or Governour of the said Howse, or to his Deputie or Assignee, to be sett to labor and work, at wch daies and tymes of Assembly or Meeting so to be held by the said Justices of Peace, the Constables and Tything-men of every Hundred Parish Towne Village and Hamlett, shall then appeare in every their severall Divisions before the said Justices of Peace at the said Assemblies or Meetingf, and there shall give accompt and reckoning uppon Oath in writing, and under the Hand of the Minister of every Parish, what Rogues Vagabondf and wandring and disorderly psons they have apphended both in the same Search, and also betweene every such Assemblies and Meetingf, and howe many have bene by them punished, or otherwise sent unto the Houses of Coreccion; which if the said Constables or Tithingmen shall neglect to pforme, as also to convey safely all such Rogues, w,h all other idle or disorderly psons at the charge of the Hundreth, as by the Justices of Peace Warrantf shalbe sent unto the Houses of Correccion in the same Countie, that then they shall forfeit such further Fynes Paines and Penalties as by the said Justices of Peace, or the most parte of them, shalbe thought fitt and convenient, not exceeding the some of sortie shillingf for every Offence.

And for that it is convenient that the Masters or Governors of the said Houses of Correccion should have some fit Allowauce and Maynten*nce for their Travell and Care to be had in the said §vice, as also for the releiving of such as shall happen to be weake and sick in their Custody, and y' the Subjects of this Realme should in noe sort be overcharged to raise up Money for Stocks to sett such on worke as shalbe comitted to their Custody;

Gck-

1

A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 4,5

1161

Be it therfore enacted and established by the Authoride of this p>sent Parliament, That the Masters or Governors of the said Howses of Correccion, shall have such s5me of Money yearelie as shalbe thought meete by the most part of Jusdces of the Peace w""in the said Counde at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, the same to be paid quarterlie before hand by the Treasurers appointed by one Act made in the three and forteth yeare of the late Queene Elizabeth, indtuled An Act for the Releif of the Poore during the tyme they the said Masters or Governors shalbe imployed in the said Qvice (the said Master or Governor giving sufficient Securirie for the contynuance and pformaunce of the said 9vice), w" if the said Treasorer shall neglect or refuse to pforme, that then the said Master or Governor of the Howse of Correccion, shall have authoride by this psent Acte to levy the same or soe much thereof as shalbe unpaid, uppon the said Treasorers Accompt, iu such Manner and Forme as by the said Statute they the said Treasorers are appointed and authorized to levy the weekly some or payment being to them unpaid.

And because great charge arriseth uppon many places wftin this Realme by reason of Bastardie, besides the greate Dishonor of Almighue God; Be it therefore enacted by the authoiitie aforesaid, That every lewde Woman w* after this Psent Session of Parliament, shall have any Bastard w* may be chargeable to the Parish, the Jusdces of the Peace shall cdmitt such lewde Woman unto the House of Correccion, there to be punished and sett on worke during the terme of one whole yere; And if shee shall efreons offend againe, that then to be cdmitted to the said House of Correccion as aforesaid, and there to remaine unrill shee can put in good suerties for her good behavior, not to offend so againe.

And for that many wilfull People fynding that they having Children, have some hope to have Releife from the Parish wherein they dwell, and being able to labor, and therebie to releive themselves and their Familyes, doe nev’theles rune awaie out of their Parishes and leave their Famylyes upon the Parish : For remedy whereof, be it further enacted by this psent Parliament, and by the authoride of the same. That all such psons so running away, shalbe taken and demed to be incorrigible Rogues, and endure the Paines of incorrigible Rogues; And if either such Man or Woman being able to worke and shall threaten to runne away and leave their Families as aforesaid, the same beinge pved by Two sufficient Witnesses upon Oath before Two Jusdces of Peace in that Division, that then the said pson so threatning [shall'] by the said Jusdces of Peace be sent to the Houses of Correccion (unlesse he or she can put in sufficient Suerties for the Discharge of the Parish) there to be delt w"' and deteyned as a sturdy and wandring Rogue, and to be delyvered at the said Assembly or Meeting or at the Quarter Sessions and not otherwise.

And because there shalbe the more Care taken by all such Masters of the Houses of Correccion, that when the Countrey hath beene at Trouble and Charge to bringe all such disorderlie psons as aforesaid to their safe keeping, that then they shall pforme their Duties in that Behalf: Be it therefore enacted by the authoride aforesaid. That if they shall not ev’y Quarter Sessions yeld a true and lawfull Accompt unto the Justices of Peace, of all such psons as have beene comitted to their Custody, or if the said psons cdmitted to their Custody, or any of them, shalbe troublesome unto the Countrey, by going abroad, or otherwise shall escape awaye from the said House of Correccion, before they shalbe from thence lawfully delyvered, that then the said Jusdces shall sett downe such Fynes and Penalties uppon the said Masters and Governors as the most part of them in their Quarter Sessions shall thincke fitt and convenient, and all Fynes and Penalties not herein before lymited shalbe paid unto the Treasorer and accompted for by the Treasorer aforesaid.

This Act to have contynuance for the space of seaven yeares, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament after the said seven yeeres.

Governor* dull have Money advanced to them Quarterly, under Order of Sesaioni to Treasurera appointed under Stat.43 Elia. c. a.

* 1*.

VII. Lewd Women, having Baatarda chargeable, may be impriaoned.

VIIL Peraona deaerting their Familiea shall be deemed Roguea, fcc.

Governors of Houser of Correction ahall report to Sessions; and may be fined for Neglect, See.

X.

Continuance of this Act.

CHAPTER V.

An Acte for ease in pleading against troublesome and contencious Suites, psecuted against Justices of the Peace Maiors Constables and ctaine other his Majesdes Officers, for the lawfull execucion of their Office.

FOR ease in pleading against many causeles and contencious Suites wch have beene and daylie are comenced and J^"‘^°f p«c«.

psecuted ag*inst Justicf of Peace Maiors or Baylifff of Cities and Townes Corporate Hedboroughf Portreeves ,ued for Act*‘done Constables Tythingmen Collectors of Subsidies and Fifteenes, who for due execucion of their Office have bene troubled and molested and still are like to be troubled and molested by evell disposed contencious psons, to their great charge plead the General and discouragement in doing of their Offices; Be it therefore enacted by our Sov*eigne Lord the Kinge and by the *"ue 5 Lordes Spiritual! and Temporall and Cdmons in this psent Parliament assembled and by Authoride of the same,

That if any Accion Bill Plainte or Suite uppon the Case Trespasse Battry or False Ymprisonament shalbe brought after Fortie Days next after the end of this Session of Parliament in any of his Majesties Courtes at Westni or elswhere, against any Justice of the Peace Maior or Bayliffe of Cittie or Towne Corporate Hedboroughe Portreve Constable Tithingman Collector of Subsidy or Fifteenes for or conSning any Matter Cause or Thing by them or any of them done by vertue or reason of their or any of their Office or Offices, that it shall be lawfull to and for every such Justice of Peace Maior Bayliffe Constable or other Officer or Officers before named, and all others w* in their Aide or Assistance or by their Cdmaundement shall doe any thing touching or concurring his or their Office or Offices, to plead the Geniall Yssue that he or they are not Guiltie, and to give such speciall Matter in Evidence to the Jurie wch shall trie the same

1 shalbe O.


>3 Q

■Htt

1162

7° Jac. I. c. 5, 6.

A.D. 1 609-10.

Verdict foTthem which special 1 Matter being pleaded had beene a good and sufficient matter in Lawe to have discharged the saide

er ict or t em. or Defe,dantf of the Trespasse or other matter laide to his or their charge; and that if the Verdict shall

passe wlh the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Accion, or the Plaindffe or Plaintifff therein become Nonsuite

or suffer any discontinuance thereof, that in every such case the Justices or Justice or such other Judge before whome

the said matter shalbe tried shall by force and vertue of this Act allowe unto the Defendant or Defendants his or

their Double Costs wch hee or they shall have susteyned by reason of their wrongful! vexation in defence of the said Accftn or Suite, for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have like Remedy as in other cases where Costs by the Lawes of this Realme are given to the Defendants.

Continuance of this Act.

And this Act to contynue for Seaven Yeares, and from thence to the End of the next Parliament after the said Seven Yeares.

Oath of Allegiance required bj Stat.

3 Jac. I. c.4. § 9.

The King's Defence thereof;

The said Oath shall be taken by all Subjects above |8, viz.

By Archbishops, ire. before the Lotd Chancellor ; Ecclesiastical Judges, itc. before Bishops

Peers, Privy Counsellors, &:c. before Four of the Privy Council, &c.

Sworn Servants of the King, Queen, ice. before the Lord Steward, ice.;

Judges, ire. before Lord Chancellor, &c.;

Mayors, &c. in Corporations;

Members of Parliament before Lord Steward; Mailer of the Ordnance, ice. before Lord Chancellor, Ike.;

Officers in the Tower;

Officers of the Navy j

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte for administringe the Oath of Allegiance, and Reformation of married Women Recusantf.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the Third yere of your Majesties Raigne, intituled An Act for the better discovering and repressing of Popish Recusantf, the forme of an Othe to be ministred and given to Staine psons in the same Act mencioned is lymited and pscribed, tending onlie to the Declaration of such Dutie, as every true and well affected Subject, not only by Bond of Allegiance, but also by the Comaundement of Almightie God ought to beare to your Majestie your Heires and Successors; which Oath such as are infected w'" Popish Supsticion doe oppugne, w"1 many false and unsound Argumentf, the just Defence whereof your Majestie hath heretofore undertaken and worthilie pformed to the greate Contentment of all your loving Subjects, notwithstanding the gainesayingf of contentious Adv’saries ; and to shewe howe greatly your loyall Subjects doe approve the said Oath, they pstrate themselves at your Majesties Feete, beseeching your Majestie that the same Oath may be administred to all your Subjects, to wch end Wee doe w*" all humblenes beseech your Highnes that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authoride of this fPsent Parliament, That all and every pson and psons, aswell Eccliasticall as Temporal), of what Estate Dignitie (Pheminence Sexe Qualitie or Degree soever hee she or they be or shalbe, above the Age of Eighteene yeeres, beinge hereafter in this Act mencioned and entended, shall make take and receyve a corporall Oath uppon the Evangelistf, according to the Tenor and Effect of the said Oath sett forth in the said foremencioned Statute, before such pson or psons as hereafter in this Act is expressed, that is to saye; All and every Archbishop and Bishop that nowe is or hereafter shalbe before the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale for the tyme being ; And all and every Eccliasticall Judge Officer and Minister, of what Estate Dignitie {Pheminence or Degree soever he or they bee or shalbee, before the Archbishop of the Province or Bishop or other Ordinarie of the Diocesse for the tyme being, wherein such Ecctiasdcall Judge Officer or Minister ought to excise his said Office Place or Function; And all and every pson and psons of or above the degree of a Baron of Parliament, or Baronnesse of this your Highnes Realme of England, and of all your Highnes Privie Councell residing in London or Westih, or w^in Thirtie Miles thereof, and the Presidents of Wales and the North Parts, before any sour of your Highnes Privie Councell, whereof the Lord Chauncellor Lord Treasurer Lord Privy Seale or principal Secretary for the tyme being, to be one; And if such pson or psons live and reside in the Countrey distant above Thirtie Miles from London, then before the Lord Bishop of the Diocesse, or such other pson or psons as the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale for the tyme being shall thereto by Writt of Dedim9 potestatem authorise; And all and every the sworne Servantf Ordinarie and Ext'ordinary of your Highnes, the Queenes Grace, or of the Household of the Prince of Wales, and of the rest of your Highnes Children, before the Lord Steward the Lord Chamblaines and Vicechamfelaines to your Highnes and the Queene the Treasurer and Comptroller of your Highnes Houshold, the Master of your Highnes Horsse, the Deane of the Chappell, and the Knight Marshall for the tyme being, the Officers of the Greencloath, or any three of them; All and every Temporall Judge Justices of Peace Sheriffe Escheators Feodaries and other Officers and Ministers of Justice in this p'sent Act not speciallie mencioned, and everie other pson or psons that doth or shall receave any Fee of your Highnes your Heires and Successors before the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale Lord Treasurer Lord Admyrall Lord Warden of the Fyve Portes for the tyme being, or one of them, or before one of the Cheif Justices either of your Majesties Bench or of the Cdmon Pleas, or before Justices of Assize of the same Countie where the Parties reside, or other such psons as the Lord Chauncellor or Keeper of the said Great Seale shall thereto authorise; And all Maiors Bayliffes or other cheife Officers of Citties and Townes corporate, by what name soev1 they be called or knowne, before such pson or psons as usuallie administer the Oath to them at their first entrance into their said Offices; And all and every the Knightf Citizens Burgesses and Barons of the Fyve Portes of the C5mons House of Parliament, at any Parliament or Session of Parliament hereafter to be assembled, before hee or they shall be pmitted to enter into the said House, before the Lord Steward for the tyme being or his Deputie or Deputies; And the Master of the Ordinance, Lieutenant of the Towre of London, and Mint-master there, the four principall Officers of your Navy under the Lord Admyrall, before the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale, and the Lord Admyrall for the tyme being, or any of them; And all the Officers Ministers Servantf and others w*"in your said Tower of London, before the Lieutenant of the Tower; And all the Vice-Admyrallf Captaines Masters Officers Ministers and Souldyers in your Highnes Shippf, or any of them, before the said foure principall Officers of your Navy,

LiOO

J

a4.Z). 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c.6.

1163

or any twoe of them; And all psons having charge of Castles Fortresses Blockhouses or Garrisons and all Captaines who shall have charge of Souldyers w^in this your Highnes Realme, before the Justices of Assise of the same Countie, or before two Justices of the Peace of the same Countie City or Libtie where the same Castellf Fortresses or Blockhouses shall stand, or the charge of Souldiers shalbe; All Doctors Advocates and Proctors of the Civill Lawe and their Clarkf, before the Bishop of the Diocesse where they shall for the most part dwell or reside; And all and every pson or psons Temporall that hereafter shall sue Liverie or Ousterlemaine out of the Handes of your Highnes your Heires or Successors, before his or their Osterlemain sued foorth and allowed, before the Master of the Wards and Lyveries, or before the Surveyor and Attorney of your Highnes said Courte, in open Courte; AH the Sergeantf at Lawe, Svantes to the Judges in your Highnes Courts at Westrft, and all other in the Serjeantf Innes, before the Cheife Justice of your Majesties Bench, the Cheif Justice of the C5mon Pleas, and the Cheife Baron of your Exchequer, or some or one of them ; All your Highnes Subjects in the Innes of Courte, or that hereafter shalbe admitted thereunto, and the Principalis and Treasurers of every Inne of Chauncery, before the Readers and Benchers of the severall Houses wherto they belonge, or foure of them at the least, in their open Halls; All other your Majesties Subjects, aswell Ancientf as [others,1] not being Principall or Treasorer, that nowe are or hereafter shall be admitted into any Inne of Chancerie, before the Principall or Treasorer and Ancientf of the severall Innes of Chancery, or foure of them in their open Halls ; All Prothonatories Philizers Officers Ministers Attorneys and Clarkf that nowe are or hereafter shalbe admitted to write or practize in any of your Highnes Courtcs at Westni, or in any other Courte of Record, before the Judge or Judges of the same Court; All Clarkf of the Chancery, and all their under Clarkf, and all other Officers of the saide Courte of Chancery and their Clarkes, before the Master of the Rolles for the tyme being, or before two of the Masters of the said Court of Chancery; All Parsons Vicars and Curates and all other psons Eccliasticall taking Orders, and all and e$y Scholemaster or Usher, before the Bishop of the Diocesse or other Ordinarie in the same, [setting1] in open Courte; The Vicechancellors of both the Univ’sities for the tyme being, and the Presidents Wardens Provostf Masters of Colledgf and Halles, and all other Heads and Principallf of Houses Proctors and Beetles of the UnivWies, publikelie in the Convocacion, before the Senior Masters there fPsent; And all and every other psons whatsoever that is or shalbe pmoted to any Degree in Schole, before the Vicechancellor of the said UniPsitie for the tyme being, in the Congregacion House; All Fellowes of Howses and all Schollers of Halles or Colledges that nowe are or hereafter shalbe received into the same, being under the degree of a Baron, before the President Master Provost Warden or other head or cheif Governor of that Colledg Hall or Howse whereinto he shalbe received, and in the open Hall; And all Doctors of Phisick, and all other who practize Phisick, that nowe are or hereafter shalbe admitted into the Colledg of Phisicions in London, before the President of the same Colledge for the tyme being; And all Aldermen Sheriff and Underofficers whatsoever of the Cities and Townes Corporate, and all such as hereafter shalbe made Freemen of the said Citie or Towne Corporate, before the Maior Bayliflfes or other cheif Officer of the said Citie or Towne, in the open Hall.

And to the intent that due execucion may be had of the pPmisses w^out delay, it is further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That all the psons before named, who have any (?taine tyme lymited or expressed when to take the aforesaid Oath, shall at the tyme therein [Ascribed take the same, and the rest wu,in Six Monethes next after the end of this psent Session of Parliament.

And be it further enacted by Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any one of the Privie Counsell of your Highnes or of your Heires and Successors, and to and for ePy Bishop w"*in his Diocesse, to require any Baron or Baronesse of the Age of eighteene or above to take the said Oath, and to and for any two Justices of Peace wu'in any Countie Cittie or Towne Corporate, wherof One to be of the Quop, to require any pson or psons of the Age of eightene yeares or above, under the Degree of a Baron or Baronnesse to take the said Oath ; And if any pson or psons of or above the said Age and Degree, nowe stand or hereafter at any tyme shall stand and be psented indited or convicted for not c5myug to Church or not receiving the Holy Cdmunion or Sacrament of the Lordes Supper according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, before the Ordinarie or other having lawfull Power to take such Presentment or Inditement, then Three of the Privie Counsell of your Highnes your Heires or Successors, wherof the Lord Chauncellor Lord Treasorer Lord Privie Seale or principall Secretarie to be one, upon knowledge thereof shall require such pson or psons to take the said Oath ; And if any other pson or psons whatsoever of and above the said Age and under the said Degree now stand or at any tyme hereafter shall stand and be psented indicted or convicted for not edminge to Church or receaving the Holy Cdmunion or Sacrament of the Lords Supper according to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, before the Ordinarie or any other having lawfull Power to take such psentment or Inditement, or if the Minister Pettie Constable and Churchwardens or any two of them, shall at any tyme hereafter complayne to any Justice of Peace nere adjoyninge to the Place where any pson complayned of shall dwell, and the said Justices shall finde cause of suspicion; That then any one Justice of Peace w^n whose Comission or Power such pson or psons shall at any tyme hereafter be, or to whome complaynt shalbe made as aforesaid, shall upon Notice therof require such p6on or psons to take the said Oath; And that if any pson or psons being of the Age of eightene yeres or above shall refuse to take the said Oath dulie tendred to him or her according to the true interne and meaning of this Statute, That then the psons authorized by this Lawe to give the said Oathe shall and may edmitt the same Offendor to the coinon Gaolc, there to remaine w'out Bayle or Mainprise unfill the next Assises or geniall Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said Sheire Devision Lymitt or libtie where the said Oath shalbe againe in the said Open Sessions required of such pson by the said Justices of Assize

• other 0. * sitting O.

D,3, ire* by GOt 'git

Officer! of Garrisons, or in the Army;

Doctor*, fcc. of Civil Law; All Person! suing Livery

Serjeants at Law, Ice.-,

Members, See. of Inns of Court, See. and Chancery;

Prothonotaries, Attornies, &c.;

Clerks, See. in Chancery;

Parsons and Schoolmasters;

Vice Chancellors, and Officers, &c. in the Universities

Fellows and Scholars in Colleges;

Doctors of Physic, See.;

Aldermen, Freemen, &c. of Corporations.

II.

When the Oath shall be taken.

III.

Privy Council may tender the Oath to Peers, and Justices of the Peace to all other Subjects, above 18 Years old;

Persons refusing to take the Oaths may be committed until the Assizes or Sessions; and then refusing, shall incur Penalties of Premunire.

1164

7° Jac.I. c.6,7.

A.D. 1609-10.

Exception for Femes Covert.

XV. Recusants disabled from holding Office, or practising Law or Physic, &c.

V.

Married Women, being Popirti Recusants convict, shall be imprisoned till Conformity, unless the Husband

£ay j£io. per lonth, &c.

or Justices of the Peace then and there p’sent or the greater number of them : And if the said pson or psons of the Age of eighteene yeeres or above shall refuse to take the said Oath, being tendred to him or her by the said Justices of Assize and Gaole Deliv’ye in their Open Assises or Gaole Delyv^ie, or the Justices of Peace or the greater part of of them in their GerJall or Quarter Sessions, ev'y pson soe refusing shall incurre the Danger and Penaltie of Premunire mencbned in a Statute made in the sixtenth yeere of the Reigne of Kinge Richard the Second: (except Women Covert who shalbe comitted only to Prison, there to remaine w^out Bayle or Mainprise till they will take the said Oath.)

And be it further enacted, That ev*y pson refusing to take the said Oath as above, shalbe disabled to all intentf and purposes to execute any publike Place of Judicature or beare any other Office (beinge no Office of Inheritance or Ministerial Function) w^in this your Highnes Realme of England, or to use or practize the Comon Lawe or Civill Lawe, or the Science of Phisicke or Surgerie or the Art of an Apothecarie or any liberall Science for his or their Gaine w^in this Realme, .untill such xyme as the same pson shall receive the same Oath according to the intent of this Statute.

And be it further enacted, That if any maried Woman (being lawfully convicted as a Popish Recusant for not cdming to Church) shall not wthin three monethes next after such conviccion conforme her self and repairs to the Church and receave the Sacrament of the Lords Supper according to the former Lawes and Statutes made and pvided on that behalf touching Recusantf, that then shee shalbe c&mitted to Prison by one of the Privie Councell of your Highnes your Heires or Successors, or by the Bishop of the Diocesse yf shee be a Baronnesse, or if she be under that Degree, by two Justices of the Peace of the same Countie, whereof One to be of the Quop, there to remaine w^out Bayle or Mainprise unrill shee shall conforme her self and come to Church and receave the Sacrament of the Lords Supper, unles the Husband of such Wife shall pay to the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors for the Offence of his said Wife for ev'y monethe Tenne Powndf of lawfull Money of England or els the third part (in three partes to be divided) of all his Landes and Tenementf at the choice of the Husband whose Wife is so convicted as aforesaid for and during so long tyme as shee remayning a Recusant convicted, shall contynue out of Prison, during w^ tyme (and no longer) shee may bee at libertie.

Frauds on Clothiers, &c. by Sorters, «cc. of Wool;

Such Sorters, &c. purloining or embezxlinir Wool or Yarn delivered to them by Clothiers, and the Receivers thereof, shall recompence the Party grieved, or be whipped and set in the Stocks.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte for the punishinge and correctinge of Deceiptf and Fraudes comitted by Sorters Kembers and Spinsters of Wooll and Weavers of Woollen Yarne.

WHEREAS by the Trade of Clothinge, making of Bayes Sayes and other Clothes and Stufff made of Wooll, or partlye of Wooll, many poore People are sett on woorke, and greate pfitt hath growne to the Poore and C5mon Welth thereby, yet now by the Abuse and Deceipt of the Sorters Kembers Carders and Spinsters of Wooll to them delyvered, by the psons using the Trades aforesaid, and Weavers of the Yarne made of such Wooll, who are sett on worke by the Clothyer maker of Bayes Sayes and other Clothes and Stuffes aforesaid, by unjustlie deceitefully and falsly purloyning imbeselling selling and deteyning of parte thereof, to the great dammage of the Clothier and others using the Trades aforesaid, whereby true Cloth making is much hindred, and Idlenes doth daylie increase, so that many exercysing the Trades before mencioned are greatly impoPished, and the Parries wch comitt the Offences aforesaid being poore and altogither unable to make Recompence or Satisfaction for the Trespasses Deceiptf and Abuses aforesaid, have much discouraged the said Clothier maker of Bayes and others of the Trades aforesaid, to sett poore People on worke, whereby much Poverrie doth increase, and more is like daylie to increase, to the greate Damage and Hinderance of the Comon wealth: For the p>venring and reformacion whereof, Bee it enacted by the authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That all and every such lewd pson and psons who shall at any tyme after twenty daies next after the end of this Session of Parliament, unjustly falsely or deceiptfully convey away imbesell purloyne sell or detaine any parte of the Wooll or Yarne delyvered by any Clothyer maker of Bayes Sayes, or by any other pson or psons making any such Clothes or Stufff, to any such Sorter Carder Kember .Spinster or Weaver of Wooll or Yarne ; that in every such case and cases, aswell the Sorter Carder Kember Spinster and Weaver soe offending, as the Buyer and Buyers Receyver and Receyvers of the same, knowing the same, being therof lawfully convicted (by Confession of the parrie or parries so offending, or by one sufficient Witnes, upon Oath before two or more of the Kinges Majesties Justices of the Peace of the same Countie or Libertie where the same Offence or Offences shalbe comytted, or if it be w’Mn a Towne Corporate, before the Maior Bayliffe or cheif Officer and one more of the Aldermen or most substanciall psons of the said Towne, who shall by force of this Act have full power and authoritie to minister the same Oath, and finally to heare end and dePmyne all and every the Offences aforesaid) shall give and make to the parrie & pries greived such recompence and satisfaction for such their Damage and Losse, as by the said Justices or Cheife Officers shalbe ordered and appointed j And if the Parrie or Parries so offending, shall not be thought in the discrecion of the said Justices or Cheif Officers, able or sufficient, or doe not make Recompence or Satisfaction for the same Offence or Offences in such Manner and Forme as by the said Justices or Cheif Officers shalbe ordered and appointed as aforesaid, then the Parrie or Parries offending, for the first Offence to be apphended and whipped, or sett in Stocks in the Place where the Offence is comitted, or in some Markett Towne in the said Countye neere unto the Place where the Offence or Offences aforesaid


A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 7—9.

1165

shall bee comitted, as shalbe lymited and appointed by the said Justices of the Peace or Cheife Officers; and for the second Offence to incurre the like or such further Punishment by whipping or being putt in the Stocks, as the said Justices of the Peace or Cheif Officers shall in their discrecion thinck fitt and convenient.

And bee it likewise enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all and ev*y Recevor and Receivors Buyer and Buyers R^veii*

of any Wooll or Yarne, imbedlled or purloyned, cont*ry to the meaning of this Act, knowing the same to puni.fuble be ymbecilled or purloyned, shalbe subject to like Punishement as by this Act is inflicted or pvided to be inflicted upon " nnclpl ‘ any such p6on so imbecelling or purloyning any such Wooll or Yarne as aforesaid.

And be it likewise enacted, That all and every Spinner and Spinners of Wooll w^n the Countie of Essex, that L;ke P^-ijinltnt shall receave any Wooll to be spune into Yarne for any Clothier or maker of Bayes Sayes or other Stuffes aforesaid, on Spinner* of dwelling in the Towne of Cogshall Bocking Braintree Hallsteed Wittam or Colchester w^in the said Countie, and shall deWring^bon delyver back againe the Yarne made of the said Wooll by any shorter Reele then hath bynne there usuall of ReeUofY*™.

ancient tyme; that is to say, the said Reele conteyning Two Yards about, shalbe subject to like Punishment as by

this Act is inflicted or pvided to be inflicted upon any pson or psons imbeselling & purloyning Yarne as aforesaid.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte to enlarge the Acte of Parliament made in the Second and Third yeare of Kinge Phillippe and Queene Marye, intituled An Act for the keepinge Milch Kyne, and for the breedinge and rearinge of Calves.

WHEREAS in the Second and Third yeares of King Philip and Queene Marie a pfitable Act was made for the avoyding of the Scarsitie of Cattell and Victuall, entituled An Act for the keeping of Milch Kyne> and for the breeding and rearing of Calves ; w® Act being then made only to contynue to the end of the next Session of Parliament, was found so necessarie for the good of the Comonwealth, that after many Contynuancf of it by severall Parliamentf, yt was at length in the Thirtenth yeare of the Raigne of our late Queene Elizabeth of happy Memorie, made ppetuall; Because the said Act hath not pduced so good Effect as was expected, in respect it did and doth extend only to such Pasture Groundes as were inclosed before the said Act, and wherein no pson at the making of the said Act had Common for any Cattle at any tyme of the yeere, and not to such Pasture Groundes as sithence have beene converted from Tillage and enclosed, or taken out of Comons and enclosed, whereas in all Equine and Conscience many of the said late Inclosures deserve no way to be kept and enjoyed w'b more libertie then the said former and ancient Inclosures : Be it therefore enacted by the Kinges most excellent Majestie the Lords Spiritual! and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, That the said former Act and the Paines and Penalties therein conteyned, shall from and after the Feast of S‘ Michaell the Archangell now next ensuying, be extended and construed taken expounded and adjudged to extend, as fully to all Intentf Construccions and Purposes, w,h the same Provisoes and in like manner to all and every the Grounds apt and meete for Milchkyne, since the making of the said Act inclosed, or hereafter to be inclosed, and not to be laid open to Comon at any tyme of the yeere, and to the Occupiers thereof, as to the Grounds before the said Act made severall, and wherein none had Interest of Comon at the tyme of making the said Act, and to the Occupiers therof, and as if the said Groundes so latelie inclosed and hereafter to be inclosed and made severall, had beene so inclosed and held severall at the tyme of the making of the said Act, and as if no pson nor psons, other then the Owners thereof, then had had interest of Comon therein; Any Word Sentence or Clause in the said former Act to the contrarie in any wise notw^standing.

Insufficiency of St. a & 3 P. & M. c. 3. (made perpetual bjr 13 Elia. c. sy.fi.) for Increaae of Milch Kine;

Recited Act extended to all Ground*, rince included or hereafter to be inclosed.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the bringing of freshe Streemes of Water by Engine from Hackney Marsh to the Cittie of London, for the benefitt of the Kinges Colledge at Chelsey.

¥ A THERE AS his Majestie of his most Royall and Zealous Care for the defence of the true Religion nowe College of Dirinity v v established w^in this Realme of England, and for the refuting of Errors and Heresies repugnant unto the same, r^"wed b"y the hath beene graciously pleased by his Ires Patentf under the Create Seale of England to found a Colledge at Chelsey Kin«.Chel*ea: nere London, and therein to place §ten learned Divines, and to incorporate the same by the name of The Provost and Fellowes of the Colledge of King James in Chelsey neere London, of the Foundacion of the same James King of England, and hath of his most gracious bountie and goodnes, not only endowed the same w0* ?ten Landes Priviledgf and Imunyties, but hath also for their further maintenance and sustentacion, given unto them a Capacitie and Abilitie to receave and take from his Majestie or any of his loving Subjects any Landes Tenementf Hereditamentf Guiftes Benefittf and Pfittf whatsoever, not exceeding in the whole the yeerely value of Three thousand poundes, as in and by the said Ires Patentf doth more at large appeare: And Whereas also it is manifest and evident that the bringing in of fresh Adrantage of streames of runynge Water into the Cyttie of London is very convenient necessarie and pfitable, aswell for the private l^Londcm


*3 R

1166

7° Jac. 1. c. 9.

A.D.\609-\0.

The Provoit, See. of the College empowered to make a Trench, &c. from the River Lee in Hacknejr Marsh to Chelsea, and make Waterworks there for conveying Water to the City of London.

II.

Free Entry on Lands, See. permitted for such Purposes.

III. Damages for Ground taken. See. shall be ascertained by Commissioners to be appointed by the Chancellor.

use of such as shall rent the same as a help for clenang the said Cittie in the tyme of sicknes, and ^serving the same against all sodaine adventures of Fyre: It is therefore enacted by the Kinges most excellent Majestie and the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this f?sent Parliament assembled. That it shall and may be lawfull to the said Provost and Fellowes, their Successors Deputies and Assignes, at all and ev’y such Place and Places in the open Feildes or Marshes lying betwene the Bridge called Lock Bridge in or neere the Parish of Hackney in the Countie of Midd, and the Bridge called Bowe Bridge at Stratford Bowe in the Parish of Stepney in the said Countie (as by the said Provost and Fellowes, their Successors Deputies or Assignes, by and w® the Consent and Allowance of the Occupiers and Owners of the Soyle in the said Place or Places, and in default of such Assent and Allowance by such Composicion first to be made w® the said Occupiers and Owners of the said Soile, as by the Comissioners by vertue of this Act to be in this Behalf appointed, shalbe thought fitt and convenient) to digge or cutt from and out of the mayne Ryver of Lee, on that Side or Banck of the same River w® is next unto the Cittie of London, a Ditch or Trench not exceeding in Bredth Tenne Foote, or to scowre dense or inlarge unto the Breadth aforesaid, any old Ditch or Trench there already made; And the same Ditch or Trench, either old or newe, so to be made or to be clensed, to convey by and through the said Feildf and Marshes in all Places convenient, in such sort as the same may againe be returned and made to open it self into the mayne Ryver, w®in some such convenient Distance from the Mouth thereof as to the said Comissioners shall (for the Intentf and Purposes hereafter ex p>ssed) be thought fitt; Upon wch Ditch or Trench or Places nere adjoyning therunto, it shall and may be lawfull to the said Provost and Fellowes, their Successors Deputies or Assignes, to erect or cause to be erected <?ten Ingines, Waterworkes or Waterwheeles, as also Howses or Coveringf requisite for the same, where by the Assent of the said Comissioners the same shalbe agreed upon to be no Lett or Hinderance to the ordinarie Passage of Barges Boates or other such Vessells upon the said Ryver of Lee, and by and thorough the said Ditch or Trench to carry and convey soe much of the Water of the said mayne Ryver, as by the said Provost and Fellowes, their Successors Deputies or Assignes shalbe thought requisite and necessary to be used for the working or mocion of the said Engines or Waterwheeles, and shall also by the said Comissioners be thought to be noe p^judice or Hinderance to the ordinarie Passage of Barges Boates or such other Vessellf uppon the same Ryver; and that it shall and may be lawfull to and

for the said Provost and Fellowes, their Successors Deputies and Assignes (in all Places apt and convenient, w®in a

convenient Distance of the said Engines or Waterworkes) to digg for the takinge and further openinge of Springes of fresh Water there found or to be found on the West Side of the said River next unto the Citie of London, and the Water of the said Springes to carry and convey by and thorough ?ten little Gutters or Trenches or Potts or Pipes under the Grounde into one Pytt Pond or Head of convenient largnes to be made by the said Provost and Fellowes their Successors Deputies or Assignes in some Place apt for the same; And that it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Provost and Fellowes their Successors Deputies and Assignes having by Art and Sleight of Engines and

Waterworkes or by any other meanes or devise, raised the Water of the said Springs, and soe much of the Water there runnyng in the said Ditch or Trench as shalbe thought necessarie, to such height and into such Place Pond Head or Receipt (as to them shall seeine in that behalf requisite) to convey and carry the same in close Pipes under the Ground from the said Waterworks and the said other Places of Receipte unto the City of London and the Suburbes thereof for the ppetuall maintenance and sustentacion of the said Provost and Fellowes and their Successors by the Rente to be made of the said Waters conveyed as aforesaid ; And that for the conveyance of the said Water, yt shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Provost and Fellowes their Successors Deputies and Assignes, (in all Places convenient betweene the said Waterworkes and the said Cittie of London) to digge cutt and open the Ground to such Depth and Breadth as shalbe convenient for the laying in of the said Pipes or Potts thoroughe w® the said Water shall passe and for making little Conduit Heads for Ventf unto the same for the better Passage of the said Waters; And the same Grounde soe opened for the purpose aforesaid (after the said Pipes or Pots are laid in and placed), the said Provost and Fellowes their Successors Deputies and Assignes shall w® Turffe Earth Gravell or other Materiallf againe fyll up and cover.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaide. That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the saide Provost and Fellowes their Successors Deputies and Assignes, from tyme to tyme and at all tymes convenient, w® their Men Horses Cartes [and'] other Carriages to have free Entrie and Passage by over and thorough any Ground or Land in Places and at tymes meete and convenient, for the doing and pforming of any thinge requisite for the making of the said severall Passages of Waters, or for the doing of any other Act or Thing con&ung the same, authorized by this Act, as also for the contynuall p*servacion and Repacbn of the said Workes as often as neede shall require.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme being, (by Comission under the Greate Seale of England) at the Request and Charges of the said Provost and Fellowes their Successors Substitutes and Deputies, or upon the Complainte or Petidon of any pson or psons whome it may conceme, shall nominate appointe and authorise by Comission or Comissions under the Greate Seale of England, Seven discreete and sufficient psons, whereof two shalbe Justices of Peace of the Countie of Midd and two of the Citie of London, and three others at the Choice and Appointment of the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, every of the said psons having Lands and Tenementf of the cleere yeerelie value of Fortie Pounds at the least; w® said Seven psons or any Foure or more of them shall have power to order and sett downe what Rate or Rates Some or Somes of Money shalbe paid by the said Provost and Fellowes (aswell for Satisfaccftn and Recompence of Damagf in making the fore recited Workes or any thinge belonging to the same, as also for any

' or O.


A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c.9—11.

1167

manner of Damages to be susteyned in the mending or repaf&n thereof from tyme to tyme or any other Costs or Charges susteyned by reason of the same, to the Lordes Owners and Occupiers of the Ground and Soyle, or to others int’essed in the said Ryver or Waters, for w* Composityon is to be made by the intent of this Acte, if the Parties cannot of themselves agree, and in what manner the same shalbe paid; And that for the recovery of such Money as shalbe so ordered and sett downe by the said Comissioners or any Foure or more of them, the Parde or Parties to whome the same Money shalbe due and payable by the true intent of the said Order, shall or may recover the same together w,b the reasonable Costs and Damages for the forbear*unce thereof against the said Provost and Fellowes, by Accion of Debt Bill or Plaint in any his Majesties Courts at Westm, wherein noe Essoigne or Pteccion shalbe allowed.

Provided alwaies, and it is further enacted by this psent Parliament, and by the Authoritie of the same, That the Exceptions* to said Water shall not be conveyed thorough the House Garden or Orchard of any pson or psons, or thorough any Garden*, 8cc. Parte thereof, or thorough any Come Feildes while the Come is growing or standing in the same, w,hout the consent first had of the Owners and Occupyers of the said Howses Gardens Orchardes and Come Feildf.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte for Reformacion of Alehouse Keepers.

WHERAS notw^standing all former Lawes and Provisions already made, the inordinate and extreme Vice of excessive Drinking and Drunkennes doth more and more abound, to the greate Offence of Almightie God, and the wastefull Destruccion of Gods good Creatures: Bee it enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That if any pson being an Alehouse Keeper (after Six Weekes next ensuyng this psent Session of Parliament) shall be lawfully convicted for any Offence or Offences, comitted against any of the Branches of Two former Acts of Parliament made sithens the begynninge of this psent Parliament, the one intituled An Act to restraine the inordinate haunting and tipling in Innes Alehowses and other Victualing Howses, the other intituled An Act against the odious and loathsome synne of Drunkennes, that then every pson or psons so convicted shall for the Space of Three Yeeres next ensuyng the said Conviccion be utterly disabled to keepe any such Alehowse.

Alehouse-keeper

convicted of any Offence under Statute*

I Jac. I. c. 9. or Jac. I. c. 5. shall be incapacitated for Three Year*.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte to pvente the spoile of Come and Graine, by untymelye Hawkinge ; and for the better pservacion of

Feasantf and Partridgf.

TT THERE AS in the first Session of this psent Parliament there was a good Lawe made, amongst other Things,

▼ Y for the pservacion of the Game of Feasantf and Partridges, w® hath not yeiided that good successe as was by the same Lawe hoped for and intended, thorough disorderly and unseasonable Hawking, wherby great quantitie of Come and Graine hath beene, and is not only uncharitabley spoyled and destroyed, but great numbers of Feasantf and Partridges thereby kylled and spoyled before they be either fit to be hawked at or to be used for Food or Dyett: For the pventing of both w1* Inconveniencies and Mischeifes, Bee it enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That all and every pson and psons whatsoever, w® at any tyme after the End of this psent Session of Parliament doth or shall hawke at distroy or kill any Feasant or Feasantf Partridge or Partridges w1" any kinde of Hawke or Hawkes Dogge or Dogges by colour of Hawking, betweene the firste of July and the last day of August; and the same Offence or Offences beinge pved by the Confession of the Partie or by the testimonye of Two sufficient Witnesses upon Oath, before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said Countie Cittie or Towne Corporate, wherein the Offence shalbe comitted, or the Partie offending apphended, shall be by the said Justices of the Peace for every such Offence comitted to the Comon Gaole of the said Countie Cittie or Towne Corporate where the Offence shalbe comitted or the Parties apprehended, there to remaine for One whole Moneth w^out Bayle or Mainprise, unlesse that the said Offender doe or shall forthwith upon the said Conviccion, pay or cause to be paid to the Churchwardens of the said Parish or unto the Overseers of the Poore or some of them, where the said Offence shall be comitted or the Partie apphended, to the Use of the Poore of the same Parish, the some of Fortie Shiliingf for every such Hawking at any Fesant or Partridge, and Twentie Shiliingf for every Feasant or Partridge w"* any and ev*y such pson and psons so offending and convicted (as aforesaid) by himself his Hawke or Hawkes Dogge or Dogges shall take kyll or distroy cont*rie to the true purport intent and meaning of this psent Statute.

Provided alwayes, and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That if any pson or psons shalbe at any tyme hereafter convicted and punished by vertue of this Lawe, that then the Partie so punished shall not for the same Offence be eftsoones called in question, and punished by 9tue of anye other Lawe touching or conc?ning the like Offences.

Provided also. That no Offenders shalbe ympeached or punished by vertue of this Act, unlesse hee or they bee accused as delinquent before the said Justices of Peace w^in Six Monethes next after the said Offence or Offences comitted and done.

Evasion of Stat. I Jac. I. c. ij. by hawking, &c.

Penalty on taking Pheasant* or Partridge* by hawking, between lit July and 31st August, Imprisonment for One Month, or 40 s. &c.

II.

Offender* shall not be punished by other Laws also.

III. Limitation of Prosecutions.

’ b»

1

PENN. STATE

1168

7° Jac.I. c. 11.

.Z).1609-10.

IV.

f c. of Statute I Jsc. I. c. >7. m to taking Bird* with Net*, repealed

Certain qualified Person* may take Pheasant* and Partridge* between Michaelmas and Christmas.

V.

Penalty on killing Pheasants or Partridges with Setting Dogs or Nets, Imprisonment for Three Months, or Penalty of aos. per Head, and Surety for good Behaviour.

VI.

Constables, tec. by Warrant of Justices, may search for and eeiie Dogs and Nett.

VII.

Continuance of Act.

And whereas by a Proviso in the said Statute conteyned, it is pvided, That it shall and may be lawful! to and for ePy pson and psons w* have or shall have free Warren, and to and for ePy Lord of a Mannor, and to every Freeholder, w* is or shalbe seized in his owne Right or in the Right of his Wife, of Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf to the cleere yerelie value of Tenne pounds or more by the yere, over and above all Charges and Reprises, of some Estate of Inheritance, or of Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf in his owne Right or in the Right of his Wife, for terme of lyfe or lyves, of the yearelie value of thirde poundes over and above all Charges and Reprises, or be, or w® shalbe worth in Goodes or Chatties Two hundred poundes, by him or themselves or by his or their meniall Servantf (sufficiently authorized from his or their Master for that purpose) to take Feasantf and Partridges (in the Day tyme only) w01 Nettf in and upon his and their owne, or his and their Masters free Warren Mannor and Freehold, or on any parte of them, betwixt the Feast of S* Michaell the Archangell and the Feast of the Birth of our Lord God yeerely ; Any thing in the said Lawe to the cont'rye notwithstanding : By couller of w® Liberde soe given by the said Provisoe, it is found by experience, that the said Games of Feasantf and Partridges have beene and still are likelie to bee much spoyled and destroyed by many meane Ten*ntf and Freeholders, against the will of the Lords or Owners of Inheritance of the said Lands and Tenementf : Bee it therefore enacted by the authoride aforesaid. That the said Proviso, and ev*y Clause Article and Thing therein conteyned, shall be from the end of this psent Session of Parliament utterlie repealed frustrate and made void; Any thing in the said Proviso conteyned to the contrary notw^standing. And that it shall and may be lawfull for ev'y pson or psons wch have or shall have free Warren, and to and for evy Lord of a Mannor, and to and for e9y Freeholder, wch is or shalbe seized in his owne Right or in the Right of his Wife, of Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf to the clere yeerely value of Fortie pounds or more by the yeere, over and above all Charges and Reprises, of some Estate of Inheritance, or of Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf in his owne Right or in the Right of his Wife, for terme of life or lyves, of the yeerely value of Fourescore pounds, over and above all Charges and Reprises, or w* shalbe worth in Goods or Chattellf foure hundred powndf, by him or themselves, or by his or their meniall and houshold §vantf, (sufficiently authorized from his or their Master for that purpose) to take Feasantf and Partridgf (in the Day tyme only) in and upon his and their owne, or his and their Masters free Warren Mannor and Freehold as aforesaid, or on any parte of them, betwixt the Feast of S' Michaell the Archangell and the Birth of our Lord God yeerely; Any thinge in the said Lawe before mencioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas the said Games of Feasantf and Partridgf are excessyvelye spoyled and destroyed by base psons of badd and meane condicion, making a Trade and a Lyving of the spoyling and destroying of the said Games, who are not of sufficiency to pay any Penaltie in any former Statute mencioned, nor to aunswere the Costes and Charges of any that should informe and psecute against them in any of his Majesties Courtes ; by reason whereof, and for that the said Offendors are hardly discovered and seldome or never found offending in the psence of divers Witnesses, so that it is very hard to convict them by the Testimonie of more Witnesses then one, by reason that they spoyle and destroye the said Games secretly and for the most part in the Nyght tyme, and doe carie such Feasantf and Partridges as they soe destroye likewise by Night, to Citties and Markett Townes to be sold: Be it therfore further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That all and e9y pson and psons wch from and after the first day of September next shall take kill or destroye any Feasant or Partridge w,h Setting Dogges and Nettf, or otherwise w"1 any Manner of Nettf Snares or Engines; And the same Offence or Offences being pved by the Confession of the Partie or by the Testimony of one sufficient Witnessupon Oath, before Two or more Jusdces of the Peace of the same Countie Citie or Towne Corporate, wherein the Offence shalbe comitted, or the Partie offendinge apphended, shall be by the said Jusdces of Peace for e9y such Offence comitted to the Comon Gaole of the said Countie Citie or Towne Corporate where the Offence shalbe edmitted, or the Partie apphended, there to remaine for Three Monthes w,hout Bayle or Maineprise, unles that the said Offendor shall forthw'" pay or cause to be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poore of the said Parish where the said Offence shalbe comitted, the some of Twentie Shillingf for every Fesant or Partridge w® any and every such pson or psons soe offending shall take kyll or destroy as aforesaid, cont'ry to the Purport and true Meaning of this Statute, and further to become bound by Recognisance in the some of Twentye Pounds to his Majestie, his Heires and Successors, w* condicion that he the said Partie soe offending, shall not at any tyme thereafter take kyll or destroye any Feasant or Partridge; Which said Recognisance shalbe taken by one or more Jusdces of Peace of the said County Citie or Towne Corporate where the saide Offence shalbe comitted as aforesayd, and shalbe returned to the then next Quarter Sessions, and there to remaine of Record as other [Recognizance1] taken for the Peace.

And be it further enacted, That epy Constable and Headborough in ev’y County Citie Towne Corporate and other Place where they shalbe sworne Officers, shall and may by vtue of this psent Acte (bringing wUl them to that Purpose a lawfull Warrant under the Handes of Two Justices of Peace of the Countie Citie Libties or Towne Corporate) have full Power and Authoritie to enter into and search the House or Houses of any pson or psons (other then such as by this psent Act are allowed to take Feasantf and Partridges w® Nettf as aforesaid) being suspected to have any Setting Dogges or Nettf for the taking of Feasantf and Partridges, and wheresoever they shall fynd any such Setting Dogg or Nettf the same to take cary away and detaine, kill destroy and cutt in Peeces as Things phibited by this Act, and forfeited to such of the said Officers as shall finde out and take the same as aforesayd.

This Lawe to contynue unto the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and noe longer.

1 Recognizances O.

!?/ Gck >sle

7° Jac. I. c. 12,13,

1169

A.D. 1609-10.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte to avoide the double Payment of Debts.

WHEREAS dyvers men of Trades and Handicraftsmen keeping Shop Bookes, doe demaund Debts of their Customers upon their Shopbookf long tyme after the same hath been due, and when as they have supposed the pticulers and ?tentie of the Wares deliVed to be forgotten, then either they themselves or their §vantf have inched into their said Shopbookes div*s other Wares supposed to be delyvered to the same Parties or to their use, w* in truth never were delyvered, and this of purpose to encrease by such undue meanes the said Debt: And whereas diPs of the said Tradesmen and Handicraftsmen having receaved all the just Debt due upon their said Shopbookes, doe oftentymes leave the same Bookes uncrossed or any way discharged, so as the Debtors their Executors or Administrators are often by Suite of Lawe inforced to pay the same Debts againe to the Partie that trusted the said Wares or to his Executors or Administrators, unlesse hee or they can pduce sufficient Proof by Writing or Witnesses of the said Payment that may countVaile the Creditt of the said Shopbookf, w'* fewe or none can doe in any long tyme after the said Payment: Bee it therefore enacted by the Authoritie of this p*sent Parliament, That no Tradesman or Handycraftsman keeping a Shopbooke as is aforesaid, his or their Executors or Administrators, shall after the Feast of S* Michaell the Archangell next comyng, be allowed admitted or receaved to give his Shoppbooke in Evidence in any Accion for any Money due for Wares hereafter to be delyvered or for Woorke hereafter to be done, above one yeere before the same Accion brought. Except hee or they their Executors or Administrators shall have obteyned or gotten a Bill of Debt or Obligacion of the Debtor for the said Debt, or shall have brought or pursued against the said Debtor his Executors or Administrators some Accion for the said Debt Wares or Worke done, w,hin one yeere next after the same Wares dely'Ped, Money due for Wares delyv’ed, or Worke done.

Provided alwaics, That this Act or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend to any inPcourse of Traffique marchandizing buying selling or other trading or dealing for Wares delyvW or to be delyv'ed, Money due or Worke done or to be done betwene Marchant and Marchant, Marchant and Tradesman, or betwene Tradesman and Tradesman, for any thing directly falling w,hin the Circuit or Compasse of their mutuall Trades and Marchandizes ; but that for such things only they and ePy of them shall bee in case as if this Act had never beene made; Any thing herein conteyned to the contrary thereof notw^standing.

This Act to contynue to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament and noe longer.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for the Explanacion of one Statute made in the Second Session of this p>sent Parliament, intituled An Acte against unlawfull huntinge and stealinge of Deere and Conyes.

WHEREAS Question and Doubt hath growen and risen upon the Exposicion of a Statute made in the Second Session of this jPsent Parliament, intituled An Act against unlawfull hunting and stealing of Deere and Conies, for that in the body of the said Act all unlawfull hunting dryving or chasing out, or taking killing or slaying any Deere or Coneys wu'in any the Parkes Places or Grounds in the said Statute mencioned, against the will mynd or pleasure of the Owners Occupiers or Possessioners of the same, (aswell by daie as by night) is phibited and made

Penall in such manner and forme as in and by the said Statute it doth and may more plainelye appeare; And yet by

a Proviso in the said Statute conteyned, it is enacted that the said Act nor any thinge therein conteyned should (1) extend to any Offence or Offences conc?ning the hunting chasing or killing of Deere or Conies, wch should be done or comytted in the Day tyme, but only to such Offences as should be then after done or comitted in the Night tyme only, any thing in the said Act conteyned to the contrary notwithstanding : For the Explanacion of wch Doubt and Question, and for that it is found by Experience, that Malefactors of that kynd have byn much encouraged to chase hunt kyll and destroy Deere in the Daye tyme by coullor of the said Proviso, whereby many Deere aswell in the Parks of our So9eigne Lord the King, as of many his Highnes loving Subjects have beene and are still like to be unlawfully and ryotously chased hunted and destroied by many idle loose and disorderlie psons; be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That from and after the Feast of S* James the Apostle next ensuyng, so much of the said Proviso in the said Statute conteyned as con?neth the hunting chasing out or killing of Deere only shalbee

repealed frustrated and made void; Any thing in the said Proviso of the said Act conteyned to the confry thereof

in any wise notwithstanding.

And Whereas it was by the said former Statute amongst other things enacted, That if any pson or psons did or should wrongfully or unlawfully hunt chase or drive out, or take kyll or slay any Deere w'h'n any Parke or other Place in the said Statute mencioned, against the will mynde or pleasure of the Owners Occupiers or Possessioners of

1 not St. 3 Jac. 1. c. 13. $ 7.

Evil from Tradesmen not crossing out Debts in their Shop-books when discharged.

Shop-book shall not be Evidence of a Debt after Twelve Months,&c.

H.

Proviso for Dealings between Two Tradesmen,

Proviso in Stat.

3 Jac. I. c. 13. §7. as to killing Deer, repealed.

II.

Treble Damages under 3 Jac. I. c.13. $ I. uncertain.


13 S


1170

7° Jac. I. c. 13,14.

A.D. 1609-10.

Offenders under recited Act in killing Deer, &c. shall forfeit to the Party griered <10, or Treble Damages, at the EleAion of such Party.

HI.

Continuance of Act.

the same, that then e$y such pson soe offendinge should satisfie and pay unto the Partie greived his Treble Damages in such maner and forme as in the said Statute is mencioned; By reason of the unc*tentie whereof fewe or noe Offendours have byn discouraged in their said huntingf dryvingf chasingf out taking killing or slaying of Deere: For Remedie whereof, Bee it further by the Authorise of this psent Parliament enacted, That if any pson or psons from and after the Feast of S' James the Apostle next comyng after the end of this Psent Session of Parliament, shall willinglie comitt any the Offences in the said Statute mencioned, concurring the unlawfull chasing out hunting driving taking killing or slaying of Deere in any Parke or inclosed Ground, w4 now is or hereafter shalbe made and used for Deere, against the wyll mynde or pleasure of the Owners Occupiers Possessioners or Keepers of the same, that then all and every such pson and psons soe offending shall for e9y such Offence pay and satisfie to the Partie greived, the s5me of Tenne Pounds of currant Money of England, or else Treble Damages and Costs, at the Eleccion of the Partie greived; the same to be recoded in such maner and forme as in and by the said Statute is lymited and appointed for the Recov’ye taxing or assessing of the said Treble Damagf; Any thing in the said Statute or in this psent Act conteyned to the cont*rie notwithstanding.

This Lawe to contynue untill the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

Recital of Stat.

4 Edw. IV. c. 8. against Aliens buying English Horns unwrought, &c.

Power of Search for insufficient Wares of Horn

Repealed by Stat. l Jac. I. c. 25. § 7.

Mischiefs of such Repeal;

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte for the revivinge of parte of a former Acte made in the fourth yeare of Kinge Edward the Fowrth, that noe Stranger or Alyen should buy any English Hornes unwrought; and that the Wardens of the Homers of the Cittie of London for the tyme beinge should have power to search all manner of Wares apperteyninge to their Misterye in London, and foure and twentye miles on every side of it.

IN all humble Manner shewen and beseechen your most Excellent Majestie, the Wardens and Men of Occupacion of Horners of the Cittie of London, that whereas in the Parliament holden at Westni in the fourth yeere of the Raigne of King Edward the Fourth, greveous Complainte was made by Men of the Occupacion of Homers, being infiranchised in the Citie of London, howe that the People of strange Landes hath come into this Land and into dips partes thereof, and hath bought by the Handes of their Hostes and Guides the great and cheif Stuffe of English Hornes unwrought of Tanners and Butchers, and carry the same over the Sea, and there employ the same in divers Workes, to the great Damage of this Land, and to the finall pjudice of a great number of Men being of the Occupacion of Homers: It pleased the Kings Majestie, by the Advice and Assent of the Lordes Spirituall and Temporall in that Parliament assembled, and at the Request of the Comons of the same, and by the authoritie of the same Parliament, to ordaine establish and enact. That from the Feast of Easter which then should be in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand foure hundred sixtie fyve, that noe Stranger nor Alien, by himself or by any other, should buy any English Homes unwrought of any Tanners Butchers or of any other psons, gathered or growing wu’in the said Cittie, and foure and twenty miles on every side of the said Citye next adjoyninge; And that noe Englisheman nor other pson should sell any English Homes unwrought to any Strangers, or cause them to be sent over the Sea, so that the said Homers would buy the said Hornes at like price as they were at the tyme of the making of the said Act, upon paine of forfeiture of all such Hornes so bought sold or sent; And that the Wardens of the said Misterie for the tyme being, by the said authoritie, should have full power to search all maner of Ware pteyning to their Misterie, wrought or to be wrought, in all places w,hin the said Citye of London and foure and twentie miles on every side next adjoyning to the same Citie, and w,hin the Faires of Sturbridg and Ely, in whose Handes they might be found; And if they by their Search finde any such Ware or Stuff in any place w,hin the saide Citie of London and foure and twentie miles next adjoyning to the same Citie, or w"’in the Faires of Sturbridg and Ely, in whose Handes soever they be to sell, that was defective and insufficient, it should be lawfull to them to take the same Ware and Stuffe, and bring it before the Maior of the saide Citie of London, the Maior or Baylifff of the aforesaid Faires for the tyme being and the same there being pved defective, to be forfeite, the one half thereof to the Soveraigne Lord the King, and the other half to the said Wardens, to be ordered at their Pleasure : In wrt said Act it is pvided, that after that Men of the said Occupacion w^in this Land have taken out and chosen such and as many Hornes as should be needfull to their Occupacion, that then it should be lawfull to them all, and ePy of them and other psons of this Realme of England, to sell and delyver all the Homes refused, w11 be not able to be occupied in their Misterie, to any Stranger or other pson to send or carry beyond the Sea or elswhere as should please them ; the w'* Act, in the Parliament holden at Westni in the first yeere of your Highnes Raigne, was whollie repealed and made void: Forasmuch as since the repealing of the said Act, Strangers and Aliens by the Handes of dyvers of their Factors Servantf and Dealers for them, have and doe (as before the making of the said Statute of Edward the Fourth they did, that is) daylie buy up and peure unto themselves the greate and cheif Stuffe of English Hornes unwrought of Tanners and Butchers and otherwise, and doe daylie convey and carrie them beyond the Seas, and there make them into div*s Workes, whereby many Housholders of your Majesties Subjects that lyved and mainteyned their Families, and payed Subsidies and other Duties to your Highnes by the benefitt of their labor in working the said Homes, having noe other Trade or Meanes by labor to inaintaine and keepe themselves their Wyves and Children, the Companie being greatelie increased and the Stuffe altogither in a manner transported, occasioned such a decrease of y' Ware as hereby the Companie is growne soe poore and decayed as in shorte tyme, if remedie be not pvided, they and theires shalbee utterlie undone; And also by the repealing of the said Act, the Wardens of the said Homers of the said Cittie of London are disabled to search the Wares belonging to

b)


1609.]0.

7° Jac. I. c. 14—16,

1171

their said Craft, aswell w*hin the said Citie as in other places in the said Act mencioned, and have lost their Goverment in their Companie: Therefore pleaseth it your Highncs, that it may be enacted by your most Excellent Majestie, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Coitions in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoride of the same. That the said Act and every part and pointe thereof (Except power of Search w^n the Faires of Sturbridge and Ely, and except the lymitacion of such prices for Hornes as they were to be had for at the making of the said Act) shalbe revived, and be of like force power and vertue from henceforth as if the same had not beene repealed.

And be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That noe pson or p6ons whatsoever, shall sell any English Homes unwrought to any Stranger, or send any English Hornes unwrought over the Sea, cont*rye to the true meaning of the said Act, upon paine of forfeiture of double the value of the Homes so by him or them so sold or sent; The same forfeiture to be recov*ed by him or them that will sue for the same by Accion of Debt Bill Plainte or Informacion in any of the Kings Majesties Courtes of Recorde, the one moitie thereof to be to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, and the other moitie to him or them that will sue for the same; in w'*1 Suite noe Pteccion Priviledge or Wager of Lawe to be admitted for the Defendant.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte conSninge some maner of Assignementf of Debts to his Majestie.

WHEREAS it is conceyved that some maner of Assignementf of Debts, if they should be made to his Majestie his Heires and Successors, the same would be inconvenient: His Majestie therfore is well pleased that it be enacted, and be it enacted by authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That noe Debt shall, at any tyme after the first daye of July w* shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundred and tenne, be assigned to the Kinges Majestie his Heires or Successors, by or from any Debtor or Accomptant to his Majestie his Heires or Successors, other then such Debts as did before growe due originallye to the Kings Debtor or Accomptant bona fide; And that all Grantes and Assignementf of Debts to the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors, w1*, from and after the said first daie of July, shall be had or made confrie to the true intent of this Act, shalbee void and of no force; Any Lawe Custome Priviledge or Thing to the cont*rye in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte for the incouraginge of many poore People in Cumberland and Westmerland, and in the Townes and Parishes of Carptmeale Hawkeshead and Broughton, in the Countie of Lancaster, to contynue their Trade of makinge Cogware Kendallf Carptmeales and course Cottons.

WHEREAS by a Statute made in the Nynth yeere of the late Kinge Henrie the Fourth yt was enacted, That noe Cloth called Kendallf (whereof the Dozen passed not Six Shillingf and eightpence) should be sealed w0* the Kings Seale, nor Aulnage greate nor little to be paid for the same; And that the Owners might freelie sell the said Clothes not sealed w,bout forfeyting any thing to the King for the same, notwithstanding any Statute or Ordinaunce made to the cont*rie; Sithence the making of w'*1 Statute, the said Kendallf and other course thinges of like Nature, and made of the like course Wooll, and differing in Name only, called Cogware course Cottons and Carpmeales, have beene made in such sorte as the Parties w4 made the same were able, and as best might please the buyer, w^out beinge lymited to any §taine Weight, or to any Assize of length or breadth; and were never searched nor sealed w"1 any Seale, nor subject to any Penaltie for the not sealing thereof w* any Seale, nor any Subsedy nor Aulnage paid for the same, untill of late that Staine evell disposed p6ons cont*rie to the true meaning of the said Lawe have by colour of a late Statute made in the Nyne and thirteth yeere of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Act against the deceiptfull stretching and taintering of Northeme Cloth, endevored to make the said Cogware Kendallf Carptmeales and course Cottons subject to search, and have demaunded for the same, divers sePall somes of Money for the seale of the Collector of the Subsidye and Aulnage, to the great vexacion and trouble of the said poore People: Bee it therfore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie, wUl the consent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the C5mons in this p'sent Parliament assembled, That from henceforth all Cogware Kendalls course Cottons and Carptmeales wch are or hereafter shalbe made w'hin the said Counties of Cumbland and WestSland, or w^Sn the said Townes and Parishes of Carptmeale Hawkeshead and Broughton in the said Countie of Lancaster, wherof the Dozen shall not exceed the Rate and Price of Thirteene Shillingf and foure pence, shalbe made in such sorte as may best please the buyer; and shall not be searched nor sealed w"1 any of the Kings Seales, nor w'" any other Seale, nor any Subsidye or Aulnage, great or little paid for the same; but that the Owners of such Cogwares Kendalls course Cottons and Carptmeales may freelie sell the same not sealed, as they have beene accustomed w^out forfeyting any thing to the King for the same j Any Lawe or Statute, or any Branch or Clause of any Lawe or Statute heretofore made to the cont*rye notwithstanding.

Recited Act 8 Ed nr. IV. c. 8. revived: Except at to certain Fairs, and Prices of Horns.

II.

Penalty on telling to Aliens,

English Horns unwrought. Double value.

None but bonfi fide Debts shall be assigned to the King by his Accountants.

Recital of Stat.

9 Hen. IV. c. a. exempting Kendal Cloths from Aulnage, &c.

St. 39 Eli*, c. to extended by Construction to such and like Cloths.

Kendals, Cogwares, &c. of Cumberland, Westmorland, and Lancasterexempted from all Search and Seals.

1

A.D. 1609-10.

1172

7° Jac. 1. c. 17,18.

Mi«chief« of burning Moor or Heath in Spring and Summer;

Heath, &c. shall not be burned in the Six Months from April to September, in Yorkshire, Ike.

Penalty,

One Month's Imprisonment.

II.

Odenders shall also pay aos. to the Poor.

m.

Couli'.iuauApf Act.

CHAPTER XVn.

An Acte against buminge of Linge and Heath, and other Moorbuminge in the Counties of Torke Durham Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland Lancaster Darbye Nottingham and Leicester, at unseasonable tymes of the yeare.

WHERAS many Inconveniences are observed to happen in divers Counties of this Realme, by Moore buminges, and by raysinge of Fires in moorishe Grounds and mountanous Countries, for burninge of Linge Heath Hather Furres Gorsse Turffe Feme Whynnes Broome and the like, in the Spring tyme and Seiner tyme: Forasmuch as thereby happeneth yerelie a greate distruccion of the Broode of Wildfoule and Mooregame, and by the Multitude of grosse Vapours and Cloudes arrising from those greate Fyers, the Aire is soe distempered and such unseasonable and unnaturall Stormes are ingendred, as y* the Corne and the Fruites of the Earth are thereby in divers Places blasted and greatlie hindered in their due Course of ripening and reaping; as alsoe for that somtymes it hath happened that by the violence of those Fires driven w"‘ the Wynd, greate Feildes of Corne growinge have beene consumed, and Meadowes spoyled, to the greate Hurte and Damage of his Majesties Subjects ; Wch Mooreburningf nePtheles may be used and practized at some other convenyent tymes, w^out such eminent Danger or pjudice: Bee it therefore enacted by our Soveraigne Lord the Kinges most excellent Majestie, w"1 the Assent of the Lordes Spiritual! and Temporal!, and of the Comons in this p'sent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, That from and after the last day of July next ensuynge the end of this p'sent Sessyon of Parliament, it shall not be lawfull for any pson or psons whatsoev* in the Monethes of Aprill May June July August and September, nor in any of them, to raise kindle or begin, or to cause or practize to be raised [kynled1] or begun any Fyers or Moore burningf in the said Counties of York Durham Northumbland Cumbland WestnJland Lancaster Darby Nottingham and Leicester, or in any of them, for burninge of Linge Heath Hather Fursse Gorse Turffes Feme Whines Broome or the like, neither to assist further nourish nor contynue the same; And that all and ev’y pson and psons wc,‘ from and after the said last daye of July shall offend cont'ry to the true Intent and Meaning of this Statute, the same Offence being pved by confession of the Partic or by the Testymonie of Two sufficient Witnesses upon Oath, before One or more Justices of the Peace of the same Countie Citie or Towne Corporate where the Offence shalbe edmitted or the pson or psons offending apphended, shall be by the said Justice or Justices of the Peace for ePy such Offence, edmitted to the Cdmon Gaole of the Countie Citie or Towne Corporate where the Offence shalbe edmitted, or the pson or psons offending app'hended, there to remaine for the Space of one Moneth w,hout Bayle or Mainprise.

And further be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all and ePy pson and psons wd’ shalbe soe convicted and imprisoned as aforesaid, shall not be enlarged from their said Imprisonament, but shall there remaine after the said Moneth expired w"‘out Bayle or Mainprise, untill such tyme as evy such Offender respectivelie shall pay or cause to be paid to the Churchwardens or unto the Overseers of the Poore of the Parish or Place where the same Offence shalbe edmitted, or the Offendor or Offendors app'hended, or unto some of them, to the use of the Poore of the said Parish or Place where the same Offence shalbe edmitted, the some of Twentye Shillingf for ev*y such Offence edmitted or donne cont'rie to this Act.

Tins Act to contynue untill the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

Advantage; of Sea-sand asMannrr, in Devon and Cornwall

All Persons may take Sea-sand under Higli-waler Mnrk, and put it on Shore at Places used within 50 Years, and carry them through Roads used for ao Years, paying Duties and Tolls, accustomed or agreed fur.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte for the takinge landinge and carryinge of Sea Sand for the bettringe of Grounds, and for the Increase of Come and Tillage within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

WHEREAS the Sea Sand by longe triall and experience hath beene found to be very pfitable for the bettring of Land, and espially for the increase of Corne and Tillage w"*in the Counties of Devon and Cornewall, where the most parte of the Inhabitantf have not comonly used any other Worth, for the bettringe of their Arrable Grounds and Pastures; notwithstanding dyvers having Landes adjoyning to the Sea Coastf there, have of late in?rupted the Bargemen and such others as have used at their free wills and pleasures to fetch the said Seasand, to take the same under the full Seamarke as they have heretofore used to doe, unlesse they make Composicion w,k them at such Rates as they themselves sett downe, though they have very smal or no damage or losse thereby, to the greate Decay and Hinderaunce of Husbandry and Tillage w"'in the said Counties : Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the C5mons in this Psent Parham' assembled and by the Authoritie of the same, That it shall and may be lawfull to and for all psons whatsoever, resiant and dwelling w,hin the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall, to fetch and take Seasand at all Places under the full Seamarke, where the same is or shalbe cast by the Sea, for the bettring of their Land, and for the increase of Come and Tillage, at their willes and pleasures: And that it shall and may be alsoe lawfull to and for all Bargemen and Boatemen, and all other Carriers of Seasand of the said Counties, that shall fetch or take Sand as aforesaid, to land and cast out of their Boates and Barges such Sand as they shall soe fetch or take, at such Places as Sand hath at any tyme w'Hn the Space of Fiftie yeeres last past beene used by such Bargemen or Boatemen to be landed and cast; and also to fetch

1 kindled 0.

Gck »sle

A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 18, 19.

1173

and carrie the same by and thorough such Wayes as now be and by the Space of Twentie yeeres last past, have beene used for the carryage and fetching thereof, paying for the taking casting out and landing of every Bargeloade Boateloade or Sack of the said Sand, upon the Groundes of any Man, such Duties as heretofore w^n the said tyme of Fiftie yeeres have beene used and accustomed to be paid for the same, and for passage by and thorough the said Waies, such Duties as have usually beene paid by the said Space of Twentie yeeres, and in such manner and forme as the same w,bin the said severall tymes have respectively bene used and accustomed to be paid ; And in such places where sten usuall Duties have not bene paid, but unStaine Composicions have from tyme to tyme bene made by Agreament w*1 the Owners of the Soyle there, to yeeld such reasonable Composicions as by Agreament w"* the said Owners, shall from tyme to tyme be made.

This Act to contynue untill the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

CHAPTER XIX. (')

An Acte for the Contynuance and Reparacion of a newe buylte Weare uppon the River of Exe, neere unto the

Cittie of Exeter.

IN most humble wyse shewen to yo' most excellent Majestic, yo' true and faythfull Subjects, the Maior Baylifff and Cominaltie of yo' Citie of Exeter, that whereas the said Maio' Baylifff and Chminaltie were seized in their Demesne as of Fee of and in one ancient Weare made of Timber and of Wood, called or commonly knowne by the Name of Callybere Weare, standing upon the River of Exe, and neare to the said Citie, which Weare conveyed sufficient Water from the said River, aswell to all or most of the Griest Mills and Fulling Mills belonging to the sayd Citie, as also unto all the Dyers, and unto many Bakers Brewers Fullers Tuckers Sheermen and other Artificers dwelling neere unto or upon such Streames of Water as weare by meanes of the said Weare conducted and brought unto them: By reason whereof the Inhabitantf of yor Highnes saide Citie were very much releived by the grinding of their Come at the said Mills, and furthered exceedingly b their Artes or Trades of Dying Baking Brewing Fulling Tucking and such like; But the said Weare (about the Feast of the Birth of o’ Lord God last was Two yeares) w* an unusuall and extraordinarie great Frost was foundred or decayed in the Foundation, and afterwards violently torn rent broken into Peeces and carried quyte away, to the great Hinderance of many Hundreds of Artificers and poore People, whose whole Estate and Maintenance depended upon the continuall Use of the same Streames of Water, and to the exceeding Trouble and Hbderance of the Estate of all yor Ma'f said Citie, by reason that the Inhabitantf thereof were inforced not onely to grynd all their Come, but also to tuck and full all their Clothe for the Space of Foure Monthes at the least at other Mills in the Country farr from the said Citie: For Remedie whereof the said Maio' Baylifff and Combaltie were resolved to erect and build again a newe Weare in the same Place, but could not possibly effect the same, for that the said River (having wholly passed with much Violence through the said Breach) had made such a Depth of Water there, that a sound and perfect Foundation for a Weare could not possibly be layd: Whereupon the said Maio' Baylifff and Combaltie (speedilie to prevent the Ruin and Decay of the Inhabitantf of yo' Ma'f said Citie) were inforced to make a newe Weare of Stone overthwart the said River, and about the space of Foure Hundred Foot above the Place where the said former Weare did stand, and also to cutt a newe Milleate or Trench for the Conveyance of the said Water to the said Mills, through a main and strong Rock: For the making of w* said Weare and Milleate, the said Maio' Baylifff and Cominaltie were to their great Charge inforced to bestowe and expende the sume of Two Thousand Marks and more ; In doing whereof the said Maio' Baylifff and Cominaltie were very provident and carefull by all possible Meanes and Devises, to prevent all Hurt and Damage which might thereby ensue to any: Neverthelesse, forasmuch as since the erectbg, buildbg and making of the said Weare and new Milleate, certain persons (being Land Lords Owners Farmo" or Tenantf of certain Lands, some adjoynbg unto and some not farr distant from the said Weare and Milleate) do pretend that by erecting of the said newe Weare, their Grounds are somtymes (more then heretofore) overflowne when by reason of much Raine the said River of Exe doeth exceed his ordinary Greatnes, and doc therefore threaten to sue and ymplead the sayd Mayo' Baylifff and Cominaltie in the Lawe for erecting and making of the said newe Weare where it now standeth and of the said new Milleate, or otherwise to breake it open at those Places whereunto the sayd newe Weare is annexed and where the said new Milleate runneth, w*1 yf they should bdeede doe, then the whole Estate of the sayd Citie should be thereby much decayed, and many nowe using and maintayning themselves and their Families by the said Arts and Trades should be brought to extream Povertie; And although as yet there be not nor apparance is likely to be in future tymes any great Diimage or Losse unto any of the said Landlordf Owners Farmo" or Tenantf more then in tyme past was by the said former Weare, yet because the continuance and mabtenance of the said newe Weare and Milleate is of so great moment to the welfare of the said Citie, as w’^out wch the same cannot well subsist; And that it standeth w,b the rule of Equitie and Justice that those which receive so great benefitt by the same, should yeild competent and sufficient recompence to any person whomesoever receiving or sustayning any losse or detriment thereby, be the same never so small, whereunto the said Maio' Baylifff and Cominaltie doe right humbly and wUl all willbgnes submitt themselves: May it therefore please yo' most excellent Ma"* of yo' most noble and abundant Grace, by and w,h the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and

• From the Original Act. Sec Note at the beginning of this Year, pa. 1153.

Vol.1V.

•3T

b,

III.

Continuance of A&.

Destruction of Callybere Wear on the River Exe

New Wear built by the Corporation of Exeter;

Opposition thereto by some Parties interested.

1174

7° Jac. I. c. 19,20.

A.D. 1609-10.

The uid new Wear shall remain, and be repaired by the Corporation.

II.

Recompence shall be made to Partiea injured; on Enquiry before Justices of Assize, See.

III.

Remedy for such Recompense by Distress or Action.

IV.

Recompense for Damages sustained by the old Wear having been heightened.

the Comons in this present Parlament assembled and by the Authoritie thereof, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That the said Weare and newe Milleate and every part of the same shall (alwaies from henceforth) stand be and remain where nowe they are, without any remooving left or disturbance or any Sute or Ac£5n to be brought by any person or persons whatsoever; And that it shall and may be lawfull to and for the sayd Maio' Baylifff and Cdminaltie and their Successo" from tyme to tyme and at all tymes for ever hereafter to have free Entry and Passage to and from the saide newe Weare and Milleate by in and through all Places convenient, for and w* their Servantf Workmen Horses Carts Cariages and other Necessaries for the repayring preserving and amending the same.

And for satisfaction and recompence to bee given to such persons which nowe are or hereafter shall or may be damnified by the erecting of the said newe Weare or by occasion of the reparacon thereof, or by making the said Milleate more then in former tymes they have been by the said ancient Weare; Be it further enacted, That (in default of Agreement and Composition between the said Maio' Baylifff and Cominaltie and the Partie or Parties pretending to be so damnified thereby,) upon complaint of any such Partie or Parties unto the Justices of Assize for the Countie of Devon for the time being in that behalf made, the said Justices or such substantial! and indifferent persons as by them in their discrec&ns (calling the said Parties before them and hearing their Exceptions to the persons to be so nominated) shall be deputed and assigned, may eyther in the said Countie and Citie of Exeter or in the Countie of Devon by Oth examin all and every such Witnessand Witnesses as eyther on the part and behalf of such Landlord Owner Farmo' or Tenant, or on the part and behalf of the said Mayor Baylifff and Cominaltie shalbe produced before them for the Proof of any such Losse Hinderance or Damage, or for the disproof therreof; And thereupon from tyme to tyme shall or may order and award to the Partie or Parties so greived (yf any such shalbe) eyther by the yeare or otherwise such sufficient Recompence wlh necessarie and reasonable Costs. in that behalfe sustayned, to be by the said Mayo' Baylifff and Cominaltie and their Successo" payd to him or them in Money, as in their wisdomes and discrec&ns shalbe thought fitt and convenient.

And likewise that by the said Authority it may be further enacted, and be it enacted, That for the sume or sumes of Money so to be awarded to be paid, yt may be lawfull to and for the said Partie or Parties so greived (upon refusall of payment) to distraine in any of the Lands and Tenementf belonging to the said Maio' Baylifff & Cominaltie, or to sue the said Maior Baylifff and Cominaltie and their Successo" for the same by any Acc&n or Acc&ns of Debt in any of the Courts of Record of yor Highnes yor Heyres or Successo", in wc" no Essoyne shalbe admitted and allowed.

Provided alwaies and bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That yf the said old Weare have of late w^in the space of Five Yeares last past beene raysed higher then the same was in ancient tymes, by meanes of which heightening or raysing, the said Grounds of such Landlordf Owners Farmo" or Tenantf have been w'^in the said space of Five Yeares last past more overflowne then usually before such raysing or heightening, yf any such were, they were wont to be; that then the saide Justices of Assize or such as shalbe by them so appointed, shall by Examination of Witnesses by Oath as is aforesaid, further esquire what Dammage or Losse did growe by such raising or heightening of the said old Weare unto the sayd Landlordf Owners Farmo" or Tenantf more then they sustayned by the said old Weare before such raysing therof, and whether any the like Damage do still continue by the sayd new erected Weare; And yf it shall appeare or be so proved to them, then they shall further give and allow such Recompence for such Losse and Damage so continuing by reason of the said newe Weare, and in such sort as is by this Act formerly expressed.

CHAPTER XX.

An Actb for the speedye Recoverye of manye thousand Acres of Marshe Groundes and other Grounds w'hin the Counties of Norffolke and Suffolke, latelye surrounded by the Rage of the Sea in divers parts of the said Counties; and for the pVencion of the danger of the like surroundinge hereafter.

Mischiefs from Inundations of the Sea between Yarmouth and Happisborow, in Norfolk;

11 / WHEREAS the Kings most excellent Majestie aswell by his Kingly Office as of his gracious disposicion, hath Vv charge and continuall care of the good Estate of this his Highnes Realme of England and the pservacion of the same and every parte thereof against all Damage and Devastation : And whereas there is a Parte of the Sea Shore lying betwene the Townes of Greate Yarnmouth and Happisborow, in the said Countie of Norff, the Cliffes and higher Groundes whereof lying betweene the Sea and the Inlandf thereabout have laine so lowe and flatt and are of Earth and Sand, soe easilye washed and worn awaye, as they have not bene sufficient to defend and keepe out the Sea, but that somtymes it hath broken in and hath also much wome away the same Cliffes and higher Groundes; And now of late such have beene the ext'ordinarie force and rage of the Sea upon that parte of the said Coast of Norff, that noe usuall Diligence or Meanes have beene sufficient to w"'stand the violence thereof, but w^in six monethes now last past it hath broken downe and washed away the Cliffes and higher Grounds there, such as they were, and laid them flatt and levell w* the said Inlandf, and made Breaches so wide that the Sea hath broken in at e$y Tide and w,h every Seawynde into the very Harte and Body as well of the said Countie of Norff as into some parts of the said Countie of Sufif adjoyning wth lye subject to the said Overflowed, and hath decayed surrounded and drowned up much hard Grounds besides the greatest parte of the Marshes and Lowe Groundes w'Sn


A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 20.

1175

i

i

I

k

4

i

I

4

a

I

4

i

i

i



the Townes and Parishes hereafter mencioned (the same conteyning many Thousand Acres) upon wd‘ a great Part of the Wealth of the said Counties doth depend, being Grounds of themselves very ritch, and w,bout w* the Uplatidf, specially of the Countie of Norff, being of themselves for the most Parte very dry and barren, cannot so well be husbanded or ymployed; And by meanes also of the said Overflowes of the Saltwater, the fishingf of the Rivers Creekf and other Places there adjoyning (whereof there was greate Plentie, and whereby many poore Men were maynteyned, and the Markettf §ved w,h freshe Fishe) are greatlie decaied; Wcb said Breaches, as they are happened very suddenly, and will require a psent and great Charge to repaire and make them fensable against the Sea; soe is it to be feared that in tyme to come further Mischeif may followe by other Breaches, or inlarging of those psently made, w'Mn the Lymittf aforesaid, if mature remedie be not pvided, and God of his ficye stop not the same; which charge is already so great as the Parties in?essed in the said Lands and Grounds already drowned and surrounded are not able to sustaine the burthen thereof: And whereas all or some part of the Marshes lowe and flatt Groundes of the Townes and Parishes hereafter named, and some part of the Arrable Pasture and Upland of the same are already by newe Breaches and washing and breaking downe of the Cliffes and higher Groundes lyinge betwene the Sea and the Inlandf, wu,in the Lymittf aforesaid, greatly anoyed and genially indangered or like to be endangered j That is to say, the Townes and Parishes of Waxtonesham Palling Eccles Hempsteed Ingham Hickling Horsey Potter Higham Catfeild Ludham Winterton East Somerton West Somerton Martham Bastwick Repps Thume Oby Clippesbey Bylockby Wood Bastwickhorning Ranworth Southwalsham Upton Fishley Ade Castor S' Edmondf Castor Maltbey Rimham Herringby Borough Stokesby Buxton Horstead Wroxham Sallowes Hofton Belowe Coltsell Hobbyns Lamas Neatishead Barton Sutton Stalham Tunstell Halvergate Wickhampton Thorpe Redham Limpenhowe Cantley Hassingham Buckingham-Ferry Strumsell Brundell Postwick Thorpe juxt* Norwich Thurleton Norton Hardley Langley Carleton Claxton Rockland Surlingham Bramerton Wicklingham Trowse Carrowe Haddestow Whiteacre-Borough Whiteacre Abbey Gellingham, in the said County of Norff; And Gorleston Gapton Bradwell Borough Castle [Berkles1 ] Basham Worlingham Belton Fretton S’ Tooleys ats S' Olives Heringflete Soflley Towne Shepton Owlton Kirkley & Barkley in the said Countie of Suff: For Remedy therefore of soe greate and genlall Calamitie, May it please his most Excellent Majestie, at the inoste humble Peticion of a greate number of the Inhabitantf of the said Counties of Norffnlk and Suffolk, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty, by the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by authorise of the same, That the Lord Chancellor of England, or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme beinge shall from tyme to tyme upon Suite made unto him in that Behalf, award Comissions under the Great Seale of England, to the Lord Bishop of the Diocesse of Norwich for the tyme being, and to any Eleven or more Justices of the Peace of the said Countye of Norff, and Six or more Justices of the Peace of the sad Countie of Suff, as to him shall seemegood; And if there shall then be no Bishop of the said Diocesse, then to such other as aforesaid, only after such Tenor and Effect as hereafter followeth, that is to say; Rex, &c. RePendo in Xpo Pri A. Epo NorwiS necnon A. B. C. D. salfm. Sciatis qd, assignavim9 vos & quoslibt sex sive plures vrm, ad omia & singula supvidenda plustrand mandand faciend pformand exequend & pagend, in quodam Actu, in Parliamento Dili Jacobi, Dei gra Regis Anglie, &c. nono die Februarii, anno regni sui Anglie Francie & Hibnie septimo, & Scocie quadragesimo 9do, p diPsas progac&es, apud Westm tento, edito, intitulato An Act for the spedye Recopye of manye Thousand Acres of Marshe Grounds and other Groundes w^in the Counties of Norffolk and Suffolk, lately surrounded by the Sea in dips Partes of the said Connties, and for the pVencion of the Danger of like surrounding hereafter, specifics! scdm tenorem vim formam, efftfm & Pam intenc&em ejusdem Actus: In cujus rei testimoniu, &c. Teste, 8cc.

And be it enacted by the Authoritie of this p*sent Parliament, That the same Comissioners to whome such Comission shalbe directed or any Sixe or more of them, by Ptue of the same Comission and of this p>sent Act, shall have full Power and Authoritie to veiw see and survey the said Landes and Grounds so surrounded decayed and overflowen w,hin the aforesaid Townes and Parishes in the said Counties of Norff and Suff or either of them, and the Places and Breaches betweene the said Townes of Greate Yammouth and Happishborow aforesaid, where the said Overflowingf Breaches or Decayes are now happened or shall or may hereafter happen, as also all other Places of Danger w,kin the Lymittf aforesaid where the like Breaches and Decayes hereafter shall or may happen ; And to enquire by the Oathes of good and lawfull Men of the said Countie or Counties, aswell w^in Liberties as w^out, and by their owne viewe and judgment and by all other good waies and meanes wherby the truth may be discerned or knowne, if any c?ten pson or psons oughte to sustaine or repaire the same, and by whose default or by what meanes the said Breaches Decaies and Overflowingf of the Sea have happened, and who hath or holdeth any Landes Meadowes Marshes or Lowe Groundes Comon of Pasture Pfitt of Fishinge or any other Benefit or Comoditie in the Townes and Parishes aforesaid, wherein he or they by the said Breaches Decayes and Overflowingf already made, or by any other Breaches Decayes or Overflowingf hereafter to be made, by any manner of meanes hath already receaved or may or are like at any tyme hereafter to receave any Losse pjudice Hurte or Damage; And all those psons and every of them, and the said Landes Meadowes Marshes Lowe Groundes or other the pmisses lying w,hin any the Parishes or Townes aforesaid subject to Overflowingf Danger or Decaye as aforesaid to tax rate assesse and charge wlh such some and somes of Money aswell for the p’sent Repaire of the said Breaches and Decayes already made and hereafter to be made as for the recoPye defending and drayning of the Landes Grounds and Levellf by the same now or hereafter drowned decayed surrounded or annoyed or in danger to be drowned decayed surrounded or annoyed, as alsoe for the making and erecting keeping and mainteyninge of Peres Wals Jettes Pyles Strengthes Fortificacions Defences and other things whatsoever to w,hstand and breake the rage and violent beating of the Sea, thereby to pvent the like Breaches

• Berklessc O.


Marshes injured and endangered in certain Parishes

Commissioners shall be appointed by Lord Chancellor for executing this Act.

Form of such Commission.

II.

Commissioners empowered to survey the Lands overflowed, Stc. and to rate the Parties liable, and others, to repair all Breaches j and to employ Workmen, See. for that Purpose.

1176

7° Jac. I. C. 20.

m.

Commissioner! m»y imprison and fine Workmen, Sec. disobeying or resisting their Orders*

IV.

Rates may be recovered by Distress and Sale.

V.

Farmers may retain, out of their Rents, Rates paid by them under this Act, &c.

VI.

Decayes and Overflowingf hereafter, or for all or any of the said purposes, in such sort as to them or any Six [on1 ] more of them in their discresions shalbe thought fitt and necessarie, having respect in pporcioning of the taxing or assessing as aforesaid aswell to the then psent Losse and Danger as to the future Losse and Danger that the same pson or psons Ground or Grounds and other the pmisses did shall and may sustaine and beare by reason of the said Breaches Decaies and Overflowingf; And that the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them shall and may make and appointe diligent and faithfull Surveyors Collectors Receavors Treasorers Expenditors Bayliffes and such other Ministers and Officers as they shall thinck fitt to survey the said Workes, and to levye receave and lay out the Money to be levyed and expended in and aboute the same, and to doe and execute whatsoev* shalbe needfull and expedient to be done therein according to the Direction and Orders to be from tyme to tyme pscribed by the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them as aforesaid,; And also w,hin the said Counties of Norffolk and Suffolk or either of them (except in that parte of the said Countie of Norffolke comonly called Marshland, and the Hundred of Frebridge in Marshland) to take Workmen Laborers Cartes and Carriages Timber Wood and all other Stuffe and Necessaries for the effecting and pformance of the said Workes for reasonable Wages and Prices to be sett by the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them, according to their good discrecions : Provided alwaies. That they shall not take any Tymber or Wood of any Trees growing or being in or about any Orchard or Garden or w,bin Two Furlonge of the Scite of any Mansion or Dwellinge Howse whereunto it belonges.

And also that it shall and may be lawfull to the said Comissioners, or any six or more of them, by Warrant under their or any six or more of their Handes and Seales, to comitt to the C5mon Gaole of the said Countie respectively, all such Workmen and Laborers, and Owners or Possessors of Cartes Horses or Carriages, as being edmaunded or required by Warrant from the said Comissioners, or any six or more of them, to worke or serve in the said Workes, having such convenient and reasonable Hire and Wages as shalbee sett by the said Comissioners, or any six or more of them, paid or tendred unto them as aforesaid ; And likewise all such as shall resist or w^stand the takinge of any Tymber Wood or other Stuffe or Necessaries appointed as aforesaid, to be taken for the effecting and pforming of the said Workes, having such convenient and reasonable prices as shalbe sett by the said Comissioners, sixe or more of them, paid or tendred to them as aforesaid, there to remaine by the space of two monethf wthout Bayle or Mainprise; And also to punishe the said Workmen and Laborers Owners and Possessors of Carts Horses and Cariages and Resisters and Withstanders to take Stuffe Wood or Tymber, for refusinge or not doinge or w^standing as aforesaid, by ymposing upon them or any of them such reasonable and competent Fines or AiQciamentf as the said Comissioners, or any six or more of them, shall in their wisdomes thincke fit; W'h Fines and Atficiamentf shall by authoritie hereof be levied by Distresse and Sale of the Goodes of such Offendor, and for Defaulte thereof hee or they to be by Warrant under the Handes and Seales of the said Comissioners, or any six or more of them, comitted to the Comon Gaole of the said Countie, there to remaine untill they shall pay the same.

And be it likewise enacted by the Kings Majestic, by the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporal 1 and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by authoritie of the same, That it shall and may be lawfull for the said Comissioners, or any six or more of them, as aforesaid, by Warrant under their Handes and Seales to give authoritie to anye pson or psons to levy the said somes of Money by them from tyme to tyme to be assessed, upon the said p6ons, or upon the said Landes Meadowes Marshes Lowe Groundes or other the pmisses charged or chargeable w,h the same by Distresse and Sale of the Goods of such pson or psons that shall not pay, or refuse to paye the same, and the Overplus of the value rising upon such Sale, shall restore to the said Owner of the same ; And in default of such Distresse to be taken and sold, it shall and may be lawfull to the said Comissioners or any six or more of them as aforesaid, to c5mitt him or them so not payinge or refusing to pay the same, to the Comon Gaole of the said Countie, there to remaine w,bout Bayle or Mainprise untill they shall willingly paie the said some or sdmes of Money soe taxed rated or assessed by him or them to be paide as aforesaid.

Provided also and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That if it shall happen that any the said Groundes or other Things soe drowned decayed or endamaged, or in danger to be drowned decayed or endamaged by the said Decayes and Breaches past or to come, shalbee in the Hands of Lessees or Farmers under a Rent; that then in such Cases what parts soever of the Charge shalbe set upon the psons to whome such Rents shalbe to bee paid or upon the Landes soe held in Farme or Lease, if the same be levyed upon the Occupier Farmor or Lessee, he shall or may retaine soe much of his said Rent in Satisfaction thereof as by the said Comissioners or any six or more of them, in writing under their Hands and Seales shall in their discrecions be sett downe and declared, having respect unto the length or shortnes of [the * ] Terme, and the great or smale Rent that he is to pay for the same; w" Retayner shalbe a sufficient Discharge against the said Lessors and every of them, their Heires Successors and Assignes, for and conSning the same Rent that shalbe soe retayned, and of and for all other Paines Penalties and Forfeytures for not payment thereof: Provided alwaies, That the said Lessees Farmors and every of them shall pay and satisfie the Residue w* shall not be retayned by vertue of this Act and Order of the said Comissioners, under such Paines Penalties and Forfeytures as they should or oughte to have paid the same, as if this Act or any such Order, had not bynne had or made.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That the said Cdmissioners, or any six or more of them, shall have power and authoritie by vertue of this Psent Acte from tyme to tyme to make declare and sett downe Lawes Ordinances Decrees and Provisions for the safegard Pservacion and safe keepinge of the Clifff and High Groundes

• or 0. • Hi* 0.

jP.ll

«*<

f*

0


fa

af4

t»

0

'0

lie

m

m

tx

In

tta

In

ifc

as

a

U


a

h

is

at

l!

n

h

is

k

k

k

a

s

t

I

i

I

t

t

I

7° Jac. I. c. 20.

1177

A.D. 1609-10.

lying betwene the Sea and the said Inlandf, w,hin the Lymittf aforesaid, from the rage and violence of the Sea, and from the Breaches .Decayes Flowing f and Overflowingf thereof, and for the defending drayning and drawing away of the Waters that shall or may overflowe or hurte the Landes Pastures or Marshes in the Townes and Parishes aforesaid or any of them; And the said Lawes Ordinances Decrees and Pvisions from tyme to tyme to repeale reforme or amend as occasion shall serve and require; W4 Lawes Ordinances Decrees and Pvisions soe made and declared (soe longe as they shall remaine in force) shalbee well and truly observed pformed and kept by all such whome they shall conceme or to whome they shall apptaine; And that the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them shall and may sett and impose such reasonable and competent Paines Penalties and Forfeitures upon such peon and psons as shall willinglie or wilfully breake or not obay observe and pforme the said Lawes Ordinances Decrees and Pvisions as they shall thincke convenient; And that the said Paines Penalties and Forfeytures so sett and imposed shalbe levyed by Distresse and Sale of any the Offendors Goods or Tmprisonam' in such sorte as any other some or somes of Money leviable by this Act shall or may be had or levied, and that the Surplusage arisinge of such Sales shalbe restored to the Owner.

Provided alwaies, That all and singuler Fines Paines Penalties Forfeitures and Somes of Money to be sett imposed paid or levyed by vertue of this Acte, shall bee imployed in and aboute the making repayring fortifying and strengthning of the said Cliffes and higher Groundes lying betwene the Sea and the said Inlandf w1^ y* Lymittf aforesaid, and for the draining of the Waters that shall stowe into the said Landes Pastures and Marshes in the Townes and Parishes aforesaid and to none other use whatsoever; Saving that it shall be lawfull to the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them, out of the same to allowe to eVy of themselves for ePy Day that they shall sitt or travell aboute the execucion of the pmisses, the s5me of Fower Shillingf a peice; And to the Collectors Surveiors Receivors Treasurers Expenditors Bayliffes and other Officers and Ministers w* shall be employed in and aboute the pmisses such reasonable Allowance as to the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them in their discretions shall be thought necessarie.

And it is further ordeyned and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them shall and may rate tax and assesse all such pson and psons as be Tennantf Farmors or Occupiers of any Manno" Landes or Tenementf Comons or other Pfittf or Hereditamentf of our Soveraigne Lord the King his Heires or Successors w^in the Townes and Parishes aforesaid, to paie and contribute for and towards the Jettes Walles and other the pmisses aforesaid as farre as any other according to their good discrecions; And that the said Lawes Ordinancf Decrees Orders and Pvisions to be made and ordeyned by the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them in or about any thing touching or con?ning the pmisses, shall bynde aswell the Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf of our said Soveraigne Lord the Kinge his Heires and Successors and his and their Tenantf Farmors and Lessees as aforesaid as all and ev*y other pson and psons and their Heires for such their Interest as they shall fortune to have in any Landes Tenementf Hereditamentf or other Pfitt Advantage or Comoditie whatsoever they shall be wherunto the said Lawes Ordinances Decrees Orders and Pvisions shall in any sorte extend according to the true purporte meaning and intent thereof.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That in case where any Warrant or pcept shalbe made or directed to any Officer or Minister to levye the said somes of Money of any the said pson or psons aforesaid, or to take his or their Body or Bodies or both of them as the case shall require, if such Officer or Minister shall make retome to the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them, that there are not found Goodes sufficient of the pson or psons who shalbe taxed or charged, or whose Landes Meadowes Marshes or other the Pmisses shalbe rated taxed or assessed w"1 the payment of any some of Money as aforesaid, by Distresse and Sale whereof the saide somes of Money to be taxed rated and assessed may be levyed in such of the said Counties of Norfolk or Suffolk wherein the Groundes Meadowes Marshes or other the pmisses for or in respect whereof such Tax or Charge shalbe made shall lye or be, nor that the Bodye of such pron or psons canne be found in that Countie, then the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them shall and may from tyme to tyme make Warrantf under their Handes and Seales unto the Sheriffes of the said Counties of Norfolk or Suffolk on w4 the said Landes Meadowes Pastures or other the pmisses for or in respect whereof the said Tax or Charge was made as aforesaid to be directed, thereby comaunding the said Sheriff in the next Countie Courte to be holden after the Delyverie of such Warrant, openly by Proclamacion to call such pson or psons and to comaund him or them to render him or themselves to the said Sheriffe at or before the next Countie Courte after such Pclamacion made to be holden, or at or before the said next Courte to delyver unto the said Sheriff such some or somes of Money as he shalbe charged w'hall or ought to pay as aforesaid ; And if the said pson or psons shall after the said Proclamacion and before the said next Countie Courte, pay the said some and somes of Money (into the said Sheriff, then the said Sheriff shall pay over the same unto the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them; And if the said pson or psons shall render him or them selves before the said next Countye Courte, then the said Sheriffe shall keepe and detaine him or them in Prison in the Comon Gaole of the said Countie in such sort as is before appointed by virtue of this Act for not payment of any Rate Tax or some of Money; And if the same pson or psons shall not upon such Pclamacion render him or themselves or delyver such some or sdmes of Money as aforesaid at or before the said next Countie Courte, that in every such Case the said Comissioners or any Six or more of them shall from thence forth have full Power and Authoritie and shall and may by vertue of this Act sell graunt or demise the Lands Meadows Marshes and other the Pmisses soe rated charged taxed or assessed w"* the payment of any some or somes of Money as aforesaid, or such parte thereof, and for such Estate as to the same Comissioners, or any six or more of them, shall seeme good, and for the best and highest


13 U


Commissioners may make Orders for maintaining Cliffs, See. with Penalties leviable by Distress.

VII.

Fines shall be applied to maintaining Cliffs, and paying Commissioners and their Officers.

VIII.

The King’s Tenants may be rated, and shall be bound by Orders of Commissioners.

IX.

Rates may be levied by Sale of Lands, on Deficiency of sufficient Distress, See.

A.D. 1609-10.

1178

X.

Parties making Default may tender Rates, kc. before Sale of Lands. General Saving.

XI.

Sheriffs of Norfolk and Suffolk shall summon Juries, 4cc. under Orders of Commissioners.

XII.

Collectors, &c. shall duly account before the Commissioners.

7° Jac. I. c. 20.

prices that they can gett for the same, to any pson or psons that will buy or take the same, and to their Heires or otherwise, by Deede indented to be made betwene the said Comissioners or any six or more of them and the said Purchasers, and to be acknowledged and inrolled w^in the Countie where the saide Lands Meadowes Marshes and other the p*misses soe to be sold graunted or demised doe lye, before two Justices of the Peace of the said Countie, whereof one to be of the Quop, and the Clarke of the Peace of the same Countie; upon w* said Sale Graunt or Demise the said Comissioners or any six or more of them, shall and may by vertue of this Acte take and retaine to the Uses and for the Purposes aforesaid, soe much as shall amounte to the some and somes that shalbe rated taxed or assessed, and not paid as aforesaid ; And if there shalbee any remaine upon such Sale, the same shalbe restored to the Owner and Owners of the Lands soe sold graunted or demised; And that all and ev’y such Sale Graunte and Demise soe made, shalbee good and effectuall to all and every Purchasor and Purchasors his and their Heires and [Assignes,1 ] accordinge to the purport and effect thereof; And the said Purchasors their Heires and [Assignes' ] shall and may by vertue thereof and of this Act, have hold and enjoy the same against the said pson or psons for whose Default Neglect or Offence the same were sold graunted or demised, and against his Heires, and againste all and ev*y pson and psons that shall stand or be seised or possessed thereof to the use or behoof of such pson or psons, or in trust for them, or to the intent that the same shall remaine or be at the disposall of the said pson or psons.

Provided alwaies. That if the said pson or psons who shall have made such Default of Payment or rendring of him or themselves, shall at any tyme before such Sale made, pay or cause to bee paid to the said Comissioners, or any six or more of them, the said somes of Money, and all Paines and Penalties before that tyme sett or imposed upon him or them by force of the said Comission and of this Act, and then not paid or satisfied; that then it shall not be lawfull for the said Comissioners or any of them for or in respect of such Default to make sale of any of his or their said Landes or pmisses; Any thinge in this Act conteyned to the cont*rye in any wise notwithstandinge: Saving to all other pson and psons Bodies Politic^ and Corporate, their Heires and Successors Executors and [Assignes,1 ] all such Right Title Estate Interest and Demaund as they or any of them had or should or ought to have, of in to or out of any such Landes Meadowes Marshes and other the pmisses soe to be sold graunted or demised as aforesaid, as if noe such Sale Graunt or Demise had ever ben had or made; Any thing in this p>sent Act conteyned to the cont*rie in any wise notw^standinge.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That the Sheriffes of the said Counties of Norffolk and Suffolk, and either of them, shall cause to come before the 6aid Comissioners or any six or more of them, at such tymes and places as the said Comissioners or any six or more of them shall apointe, such and soe manye good Men of their severall Bayliwickf, aswell w,hin Libties as wUlout, to whome the truth may be best knowne, to enquire of the phnisses mencioned in this Act, wrb Men for their severall Defaultf shall loose and forfeite such yssues and sdmes of Money not exceeding the sdme of Tenne shillingf of lawfull Money of England for one Defaulte, as by the saide Comissioners or any six or more of them shalbe sett or imposed upon them, wcU shall and may be levyed by Distresse and Sale of Goods only; and for refusinge to make Inquirie and for other Contemptf, shall forfeite and loose such reasonable Fines and Somes of Money as by the said Comissioners or any six or more of them shalbe imposed upon them, wch shall and may be levyed by Distresse Sale of Goodes and ymprisonament, in such manner and forme as for the levying of the sdmes of Money to be rated taxed or assessed is before lymited and appointed; And that all Sherifff Baylifff Officers and Ministers whatsoeP of our said SoPaigne Lord the King his Heires and Successors w'^ the Counties aforesaid, aswell wlhin Libties as w,hout, shalbe from tyme to tyme attendant ayding and assisting to the said Comissioners and every six or more of them, for and conSiing all such thing f as shall conceme their sev^all Offices and Places respectively in or about the execucion of all things conteyned in this Act; upon paine to forfeite such Paines Penalties Fynes and sdmes of Money as shalbe sett or imposed upon them or any of them by the said Comissioners or any six or more of them, for or in respect of their or any of their Contemptf Misdoing or Negligences in that behalf; wch said Paines Penalties Fines and sdmes of Money shall and may be levyed by Distresse Sale of Goods and Ymprisonament as the saide sdmes before mencioned to be taxed rated or assessed, are appointed to be levyed: And the said Issues Paines Penalties Fines and sdmes of Money sett or imposed upon the said good Men Sheriffes Bayliffes Officers and other Ministers, shalbe imployed and disposed of in such maner and forme as the said sdmes to be taxed rated or assessed, are before appointed to be employed and disposed of.

And be it further enacted ordeyned and established by the authoritie aforesaid, That the said Comissioners or any six or more of them shall have power and authoritie by force and vertue of this jPsenl Act to call before them or any six or more of them, the Collectors Receivers Treasurers Expenditors Bayliffes and other Officers and Ministers w^1 shalbe imployed or have dealing in and aboute the said Workes, or any other thinge conc’ning this psent Act or the Execucion thereof in any sorte, and to require and take of them and ev*y of them Accomptf upon their Oathes of all their and every of their Receiptf Collections Paymentf Disbursementf and other Doings con2ning the same; And if the said Collectors Receivors Treasurers Expenditors Baylifff or any other the Officers and Ministers aforesaid shall happen to be found in Arrerages, either in Moneys or Marialls received or otherwise, that then in such case they shall make payment and give satisfaction in that behalf accordinge to such Order and Direction as by the said Comissioners, or any six or more of them in writing under their Handes and Seales shalbe made and sett downe; And in default of pformaunce thereof, such Officers and Ministers shalbe by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of the said Comissioners or any six or more of them distrayned by their Goods and Chattellf, and the same to be sold

1 Atsignees 0.


a

fi

W

f*

d


«•

Si


if

hi

si

si

IB

a

Is



ii

it

ll d 4 i» a x

B

is

k

il

ii

k

M

it

V

p

I

A.D. 1609-10,

7° Jac. I. c. 20.

1179

as aforesaid; And in default of such Distresse to be found, it shalbee lawful! for the said Comissioners or any six or more of them to comitt such Offendor or Offendors to the Comon Gaole of the said Countie, there to remaine untill they have paid all such Arreragf and Somes of Money and other things soe found to be remayning in their Hands,

1 according to the order of the said Comissioners or any six or more of them to be made as aforesaid.

I

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if any of the said Collectors Receavers Treasurers or other Officers or Ministers w’* ought to accompt, by the true meaninge of this Act, shall dye before his or their Account shalbe made as aforesaid, that in ev'y such case the said Comissioners or any six or more of them, may call • before them or any six or more of them, the Executors and Administrators of such Collectors Receyvors Treasurers

Expenditors Bayliffes and other Officers and Ministers, and to require and take of them and every of them, Accomptf of all and e9y the said Receiptes Collections Paymentf Disbursementf and other Doings conc’ning the same; and if upon the same Accomptf any thinge shalbe found in Arrerages, or if the said Collectors Receavers Treasurers i Bavlifff or other Officers or Ministers having made his or their Accompt, shall dye before such tyme as the Arrerages

that shalbe found upon the same Accompt shalbe paid or satisfied, then in evy such case the saide Arrerages by Warrant of the said Comissioners, or any six or more of them, shall and may be levyed by Distresse and Sale of the Goodes and Chattellf that were the said Collectors Receavors Treasurers Expenditors Bayliffes or other Officers or Ministers at the tyme of their sePall Deathes ; And if the said Executors or Administrators, or any of them, shall have wasted the Goodes and Chattells that were the said Collectors Receivers Treasurers Expenditors Bayliffes or other Officers or Ministers, then soe much of the said Arreragf as the said Goods and Chattells soe wasted shall amounte unto, shall and may be levied by Distresse and Sale of the pper Goods and Chattellf of the said Executors or Administrators as aforesaid ; and if the said Executors or Administrators shall have noe Goodes or Chattells of their own in the said Counties of Norffolk and Suffolke, or one of them, wherby the same Arrerages may be levied as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful! for the said Comissioners or any six or more of them, by Warrant under the Hands and Seales of any six or more of them, to comitt the same Executors or Administrators to the Comon Gaole of the said Counties of Norff or Suffolk, there to remaine w,hout Baile or Mainprise untill they shall have paid and satisfied soe much as the said Goods or Chattellf soe wasted shall amount unto according to the order of the same Comissioners.

And be it alsoe enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That if the said Collectors Receivers Treasorers Baylifff Ministers or other Officers, their Executors Administrators or any of them, beinge required by the said Comissioners or any six or more of them, or by anye other beinge thereunto authorized by Warrant of the said Comissioners or any six or more of them, shall refuse or neglect to render such Accompt as aforesaid, then from tyme to tyme it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Comissioners or any six or more of them, under their Hands and Seales, to comitt the pson and psons soe refusing or neglectinge to the C5mon Gaole of the said Counties of Norffolke or Suffolk, there to remaine wlhout Baile or Mainprise untill he or they shall have made such Accompt as aforesaid.

I

And be it likewise enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if the said Collectors Receavors Treasurers Expenditors Bayliffes or other Officers or Ministers, or any of them, shall dye having any some or somes of Money or other things in his or their Hands w* ought to be imployed in or about the Workes aforesaid by vertue of this Act, and whereof hee or they hath not or have not accompted, or having accompted was found in Arrerages, and any Accion or Suite for any Debt due by him or them, shalbe psecuted against the Executors or Administrators of them or any of them, before such tyme as such somes of Money and other things shalbee satisfied and paid, according to the true meaning of this Act, the same Executors or Administrators may pleade, that the partie deceased whose Executors or Administrators they are, had in his Hands at the tyme of his Death such somes of Money or such Things of a 2ten value, and shew i how much wch ought to be ymployed according to this Act, and that the same are not accompted for, or are

accompted for and not paid or answered for, and that over and above those somes they have noe Goods or Chattellf that were the said psons deceased at the tyme of his Death, or Goods and Chattellf but of a 2ten value, not i amounting to the some demaunded, wd Plea shalbe allowed good in Lawe, in as much as the deceased was but a

Keeper of those s5mes and other things, and therefore the same ought not to be liable to his Debts ; And in case 1 such Accion or Suite shalbe comenced after payment and satisfaction of the said somes and other things by the said

Executors or Administrators, then the said Executors or Administrators may plead that they have fully administred all the Goods and Chattellf that were the said psons deceased, and that they have noe Goods or Chattellf, or noe Goods or Chattellf besides such Goods and Chattellf of a 2ten value, not amounting to the some demaunded, as their cases shall respectively require, w^out shewing or alledging this Act, or any other Pardcularitie or Circumstance in that behalf; upon wch Pleas Yssue may be joyned, and upon triall of the same Issue the whole Matter shalbe given in t Evidence on both partes, according to the very truth thereof; And if upon the same Triall it shalbe found that the

said Executors or Administrators have paid such somes as aforesaid, the same shalbe allowed as a good and lawfull Administracion; or if it be found that they have noe other Goods or Chattels then as aforesaid, thereupon in such I Cases the said Executors or Administrators shall have such Judgment as in like Cases upon triall of the like Issues is

[ accustomed by the ordynarie course of the Comon Lawe; Any Debts of what kynde soever that were owing by the

i said psons deceased notw^standing. i

i And be it further enacted, That if any Accion of trespasse or any other Suite shall happen to be attempted and

I brought against any pson or p6ons for taking of any Distresse making of any Sale ymprisoning of any pson or

psons or any other thinge doing by authoritie of this p>sent Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Accion or Suite shall and may either plead Not Guilde, or otherwise make Avowrie Cognizance or Justificacion for the taking

>QlC

xiii.

Executors, See. of Collectors, See. dying, shall account before Commissioners.

XIV. Collectors, Sec. refusing to account may be committed by Commissioners.

XV.

How Executors, &c. of Collectors may plead, to Actions for Money See. in Hands of their Testators.

XVI. General Issue may be pleaded, in Actions for Matters done under this Act.

1180

7° Jac.I. c.20,21.

A.D. 1609-10.

of the said Distresses making of Sale imprisoning or other thing doing by v*tue of this Act, alleadging in such Avowrie Conizance or Justificacion that the said Distresse Sale Ymprisonament or other thing whereof the Plaindffe or PlaintifFf shall complaine, was ddne by Authoritie of this Act and according to the tenor purport and effect of this Act w,hout any expssing or rehearsall of any other matter of Circumstance conteyned in this psent Act, to w* Avowrie Cognizance or Justificacion, the PlaintifFf shalbe admitted to replye that the Defendant did take the said

Distresse make the said Sale or Imprisonament or did any other Act supposed in his Declaration, of his owne wronge

w^out any such cause alleadged by the said Defendant, whereupon the Issue in ev'y such Accion shalbe joyned to be tried by Verdict of Twelve Men and not otherwise, as is accustomed in other psonall Accions; and upon the triall of that Yssue the whole matter to be given on both parts in Evidence according to the very truth of the same; and after such Yssue tried for the Defendant or Nonsuite or Discontynuance of the Suite of the Partie Plaintiffe after Apparance, the same Defendant to recover Treble Damages by reason of his wrongfull vexacion in that

behalf, w,h his Costs also in that part susteyned, and that to be assessed by the same Jury or Writt to esquire

of the Damages as the same shall require.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That when and as often as any Rate Taxe Assessement or Charge shalbe made by vertue of the said Comission and this Act or either of them, wherew'* or wherby any Lands Meadowes Marshes or other the pmisses in the said Countie of Suffolk, or any pson or peons for or in respect of the same shall or ought to be charged, that in ev’y such case one or more Comissioner or Comissioners of the said Countie of Suffolk shall be psent at the tyrae of the same taxing rating assessing or charging, or shall have warning given unto him or them or left for him or them at his or their Dwelling House or Houses of the Tyme and Place when and where the said Comissioners shall meete and assemble in and about the execucion of this Act, or els the same Rate Taxe Assessement and Charge in upon or in respect of the said Lands Meadowes Marshes and pmisses in the said Countye of Suffolk shalbe void and of none effect.

This Act to contynue during the terme of Seven Yeares next ensuynge the end of this psent Session of Parliament, and from thence to the end of the first Session of the then next Parliament and no longer; And that nev*thelesse all things done and executed in the meane tyme by vertue of this Act and of the said Comission shall stand and remaine in force and effect and be justifiable as if this Act had still remayned in force and contynued.

XVII.

In making Rate* on Landa in Suffolk, Sec. one Commissioner of that County shall be present.

XVIII. Continuance of this Act.

I


t

i

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte for the confirmacion of Decrees hereafter to be made in the Exchequer Chamber and Dutchye Courte con&iinge Customarie or Coppyhold Lands and Tenementf.

Certain Rights, &c. of Copyholders, in Manors of the Crown, established by Decrees of Lord Treasurer and Chancellor of the Exchequer and Duchy

Lands and Tenements, declared to be Copyhold by such Decrees, shall be holden as such accordingly.

WHERE the Kings most excellent Majestye is given to understand that divers of his good and loving Subjects holding Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf by Copy of Court Roll of divers of his Majesties Mannors, are notwithstanding subject to much question and excepcion, either because the said Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf were not phaps originally parcellf of the said Mannors, nor tyme out of mynde according to the strict in?pretacion of Lawe have bynne Copyhold Lands or Tenementf demised or demiseable by Copy of Court Roll of the said Mannors, or because the Fines payable for Admittancf upon Discentf Surrenders Graunff and Alienacions of or to their such Copyhold Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf and other their Usages Customes Libties and Priviledgf con&ning the same are either unc*taine or not soe plaine but that both for the psent and in future tymes much trouble losse and disquiett may arrise and happen unto such Copyhold Tenantf, which may also be a reason to discourage them in their endevors in improving and husbanding their said Lands, wch tumes to the dammage of the Comonwealth: And where his Majestie taking knowledg of the pmisses and mynding to doe favour to all his loving Subjects in those cases, and to settle establishe and secure their Copyhold Estates according to true meaning, hath beene pleased that the Lord High Treasorer of England and the Chauncellors of his Highnes Courts of Exchequer and Dutchy respectively, should take order upon reasonable Composicions to be made w,h his Majestie as to their wisdomes should seeme fitt, by such Tenantf to establish their said Copyhold Estates by Decrees of the said se9all Courts respectivelye according to true meaning; In pformance of w*" his Majesties gracious [direccions,1 ] divers Decrees of that nature have bene alreadye made, and others are intended from tyme to tyme to be made upon such Composicions to be had w,k the Lord Treasurer of England and Chancellors of the Exchequer and Dutchy for the tyme being for and on his Majesties behalf as aforesaid : Bee it therefore enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie the Lords Spiritual! and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same, That all the Mesuages Cottages Mills Landes Tenementf and Hereditamentf conteyned or mencioned in any Decree or Decrees to be made in any the said Courtes of Exchequer Chamber or Dutchie at any tyme since the first daie of this psent Session of Parliament or w’"in three yeeres from thence next ensuynge, upon Composicions made w"* his Majesties said Officers on his Highnes behalf as aforesaid, and in and by the same decreed, to be from thenceforth good and perfecte Copyhold Lands, shall from the tyme of such Decree or Decrees made, be taken and adjudged to be good and pfect Copyhold Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf according to the true intent and meaning of the said Decrees respectively ; And that all and every pson and psons shall and may have hold use and enjoy the saide Mesuagf Cottagf

■ direction 0.


A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 21, 22.

1181

Mills Land? Tenementf and Hereditamentf to them their Heires and Assignes for ever, by Copy of Courte Roll or otherwise, according to the Customes of the said Mannors severally and respectively, according to the purport and effect of the said Decrees, for such Fines Rents Duties, and by with and according to such Customes Priviledges Libties Pfitt? and Cdmodities, and in such Manner and Forme as in and by the said Decrees shalbe lymited and appointed.

And be it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid. That the said Decrees and every of them and every Clause Article and Sentence in every of them to be conteyned shall stand and be rarifyed allowed approved and confirmed by the Authoride of this psent Parliament; And that the same Decrees and ev*y of them shall stand and be of force to bynd and conclude aswell the Kings Majestye his Heires and Successors, as also all other Parries to the same their Heires and Assignes, and all clayming by from or under them, in all thing? according to the purport effect and true meaning of the same Decrees, and that e?y Clause Arricle and Sentence in them or any of them to be conteyned, for ev1 from and after the making of the same Decrees, shall stand be and remaine and be adjudged and taken to stand and be of such and the same Force and Effect to all Intent? and Purposes as if the same Decrees and ePy of them and e9y Clause Article and Sentence in them and ePy of them to be conteyned were spiallye and pdculerly herein expssed, and by the Authoride of this psent Parliament enacted.

Saving nePthelesse to all and ePy pson and psons Bodies Poliriq and Corporate their Heires and Successors (other then the Kings Highnes his Heires and Successors) all such Accions Estates Possessions Rightes Titles Interest? Rents (or1 ^ Demaund? Pfittf Cdmodities and Advantages whatsoever as they or any of them have shall may or ought to have of in to or out of all or any of the pmisses in such and in the same Estate Degree Plight Manner and Forme to all Intent? and Purposes as if this Act had never byn had ne made.

CHAPTER XXII.

An Actb for the Confirmacion of the Subsidie graunted by the Clergie.

"TX THERE the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, have for certaine Considerac&ns, lovingly and tv liberally given and graunted to the King? most excellent Majesde, One Subsidie of Six Shillinges in the pound, to be taken and levied of all and singuler their Pmodons Spirituall within the same Province, at such daies and rimes and in such certaine maner and forme, and with spch Excepc&ns and Provisions, as be specified and declared in a certaine Instrument by them thereof made, and delivered to the Kings Highnes, under the Seale of the most Reverend Father in God Richard now Archbishop of Canterbury and Primate of all England; Which Instrument is now exhibited in this present Parlament to be ratified and confirmed : The Tenor whereof ensueth in these Word?, videft:

Excellentissimo & Potentissimo in Xpo Principi, & Dno nro Clementissimo, Dno Jacobo, Dei gra Anglie Scocie Francie 8c Hifenie Regi, Fidei Defensori, 8cc. Rictus Divina Pvidenda Cantuar Archiepus, totius Anglie Primas 8c Metropolitanus, omimodam obedientiam 8c subjecc&em, ac felicitat 8c satfm, in eo p quern Reges regnant & Principes dominant': Vre serenissime Regie Majestati p psens publicum Instrumentum, sive has Iras nras testimoniales, significant9 8c notum facim9, quod Prelati & Clerus nre Cantuar Provincie, in sacra Synodo Pvinciat sive Convocac&e, Vigore & Authoritate bns vn Regii, RevWlissimo in Xpo Pri, Dno Jotli, Pmissione Divina Cantuar Archieps totius Angt Primati 8c Metropolitano, predecessor nro modo defunct, ac vigore Bns vri Regii, Custodi Spualitatis Archiepat Cantuariensis, (sede Archiepali Cantuar vacarS) in ea parte respective direct, in Domo Capitulari Ecdie vre Cattlis SCi Pauli London, vicesimo die mensis Marcii, Anno Dni juxta cursum & computac&em Ecctie Anglicane, Millesimo sexcentesimo 9do, inchoat & celebraf, ac de die in diem et loco in locum usq, ad 8c in octavu diem mensis Februarii, Anno Dni juxta cursum & computac&em Ecctie Anglicane, millimo sexcentesimo quarto tunc px, sequefi, continual & progat 8c a d5o octavo die mensis Februarii, vigore 8e authoritate diPsop aliop bnu vre Regie Majestatis in ea parte nob direct, de die in diem, & loco in locum, usq, ad 8c in decimu diem mensis Februarii ulrimi p>9iti eciam continual 8c progat 8c a dSo decimo die mensis Februarii ulrimi, vigore 8c authoritate unius bnu vrop regiop p>dict nob direct, de die in diem 8c loco in locum usq ad 8c in decimfl sextum diem psentis mensis Julii eciam tent 8c continuat in Ecctia Collegiata beari Petri Westm, legittime congregat, p quibusdam magnis arduis 8c urgentiby causis p nos eis ppositis, ac in? eos matura delibac&e ponderat, p defensione Regnop 8c Dniop vrop, necnon 8c p eop erga vram Regiam sublimitatem observancia 8c obsequio, Unu ultroneum ac spontaneum 8c voluntariu Subsidiu, vre Regix munificencie unanimi eo^ consensu 8c assensu dederunt 8c concesserunt, put tenore psentis publici Instrumenri, (seriem concessionis hmSi in se contineii,) plenius liquet 8c apparet; Humilir 8c obnixe vre Regie Majestati supplicantes quatenus hoc eoji Subsidiu p vra solita Clemencia benigne acdpiatis, ac bene consulere graciose dignemini: Tenor 9o d£e Concessionis de Pbo in 9bum sequit', 8c est talis:

1 and 0.


*3 X

t

ii.

All the said Decreet confirmed.

in.

General Saving for Tillet of Strangera.

Grant, by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury, of One Subtidy of 6t. in the Pound

Tenor of the said Grant:

1182

7° Jac. I. c. 22.

A.D. 1609-10.

Motivei for thit Grant:

Grant of One Subsidy of 6t. in the Pound on all Spiritual Promotions, as valued to the King's Tenth under St. 16H.VIU.C.3.

but payable on Nine-Tenths only;

Times of Payment of the said Subsidy, by Four Payments, Two of is. each, the Third of is. 6d. and the Fourth, as. 6d.

Clerk's Fee on Acquittance to Collectors:

Subsidies not payable on the First Year after Promotion ; and compounding fur First Fruits:

Most Religious and Renoumed Soveraigne, your Majesties liege and humble Subjects the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, called together by the authoritie of your Highnes Writt, and orderly assembled at this p*sent in a Provincial! Synode or C.onvocac&n, consideringe their bounden Duties to your Majestie their most naturall and gracious Soveraigne Lord, and having in remembrance the manifold and ample Benefits which they do daily receive, not only by your most gracious and godly Government, whereby they be conserved in Peace and Quietnes and so more able to serve God and intend to their Office and Vocacfin, but also and that most cheifiy, by the setting forth and advancing of Gods most holy Word and his sincere and true Religion in this your Realme* and abolishing all Forreine Power contrary to the same; considering also aswell the great Charges wherewith it cannot be but that your Majestie from tyme to tyme hath been and is like to be burdened in defending and p*serving this your Realme with other your Highnesse Dominions, and also the great Charges wherewith your Majestie hath been and is like to be charged by reason of Popish Mutinies and Attcmptf to the Overthrowe of the true Religion and your Highnesse State, asmuch as such Practisers either could or can prevaile: In consideration of the pmisses, and for a true declaration of their bounden Duties good Harts and Mindes towards your Majestie, with one uniforme Agreement Accord and Consent togither with most hearty good will, have given and graunted, and by these {Psents doe give and graunt to your Highnesse your Heires and Successors, One Subsidy in maner and forme following. That is to say; That every Archbishop Bishop Deane Archdeacon Provost Master of Colledge Prebendary Parson and Vicar and every other pson and psons of whatsoev* Name or Degree he or they be within the Province of Canterbury, having and enjoying any Spirituall Pmocion or other Temporall Possession to the same Spiritual! Pmocion annexed, now not divided nor sepated by Act of Parliament or otherwise, from the possession of the Clergie, shall pay to your Highnesse your Heires and Successors, for every Pound that he may yearelie receive and dispend by reason of the said Spirituall Pmocion, the some of Six Shillinges for the sayd Subsidie: And for the true and c?taine value of all the Pmocions and every of them, whereof the paymentf of this Subsidie shall be made, the Rate Taxacion Valuacion and Estimacion now remayning of Record in your Majesties Courte of Exchequer for the payment of a ppetuall Disme or Tenth graunted unto King Henry the Eight of worthy Memory, in the sixe and twentieth yere of his Reigne, con?ning such Pmocions as nowe be in the Possession of the Clergie, shall onely be followed and observed, without making any other Valuacion Rate Taxacion or Estimacion, then in the sayd Record is comprised: Provided alwaies. That forasmuch as the tenth part of the sayd Rate and Valuacion before mencioned, is yearely paid to your Highnesse for the sayd ppetuall Disme or Tenth, so as there remaine onely nine parts yeerely to the Incumbent deare, This Subsidie of Sixe Shillingf of the pound shalbe understood and meant onely of eVy full pound of the said nine parts and no more: And your Prelates and Clergie do also graunt that this Subsidie of Six Shillingf of the full pound of the nine parts of the yearely value of ePy Spirituall Pmocion aforesaid wthin the said Province taxed as is aforesaid, shalbe paid to your Majestie your Heires and Successors in manner and sonne following, That is to say; The first payment of this Subsidie, vidett. Twelve pence of ev'y full pound as aforesaid, to be due at and upon the second day of October now next ensuing j And the second payment of this Subsidie, vidett, other Twelve pence of every full pound as aforesayd, to be due at and upon the sixe and twentieth day of March, which shalbe in the yere of our Lord God One thousand six hundred and eleven; And the third payment of this Subsidie, vidett, Eighteene pence of every full pound as aforesaid, to be due at and upon the second day of October, which shalbe in the yere of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth and eleven ; And the fourth and last payment of this Subsidie, vidett, Two shillinges sixe pence of every full pound as aforesaid, to be due at and upon the sixe and twentieth day of March which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundreth and twelve, to be delivered and payd by such pson and psons as in this jPsent Graunt shall be appointed to have the Colleccion thereof, to the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer of England for the tyme being, or to such pson or psons and in such place or places as shall please yo' Highnesse to appoint to be payd, vidett, E$y of the aforesaid paymentf which shalbe due upon the second day of October in any of the aforesayd yeeres, to be made at or before the last Retume of Hillary Terme next following ev*y of the aforesayd dayes in which e9y of the sayd paymentf shall bee due; And ePy of the aforesaid paymentf which shall bee due upon the sixe and twentieth day of March as aforesayd, to be made at or before the last Retorne of Trinitie Terme next following ePy of the aforesayd dayes when the sayd paymentf shall bee duej without paying any thing to the Receiver or to any other Officer or Pson to be assigned for the Receit thereof, for any Acquittance or other Discharge or Dispatch upon any such Payment or Receit of the said Subsidie or any parte thereof, but onely Foure pence, and that to the Clerke for the writing of the Acquittance or Discharge for ev'y of the said Paymentf. Provided alwayes, That no pson that hath bene pmoted to any Benefice or Spirituall Pmocion, and hath compounded with your Majestie for the First Fruites of the same, from the second day of October last past, vidett, in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundreth and nine, and before the sixe and twentiethe day of March in this fPsent yeere of our Lord God, One thousand sixe hundreth and ten, shall be contributory or charged for the same Benefice or Pmocion to your Highnes your Heires or Successours, with the first payment of this Subsidie due upon the second day of October next ensuing; And that no pson which is already or heareafter shall be pmoted to any Benefice or Spirituall Pmocion, and either hath or shall compound with your Majestie your Heires or Successors for the First Fruites of the same, from the sixe and twentieth day of March in this jPsent yeere of our Lord God, One thousand sixe hundreth and ten, and on this side the second day of October which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundreth and eleven, shall be contributory or charged for the same Benefice or Pmocion to yor Highnesse your Heires or Successors, with the two paymentf of this Subsidie which shall be due next after the day of his sayd Composicion for his First Fruites or with any part thereof: And that no pson which shall be pmoted to any Benefice or Spirituall Pmocion, and shall compound with your Majestie your Heires or Successors for the First Fruites of the


t*

if*

,*S

1*

i*

if*


.1

tey

jjs

*0

jS!

; Or

aa

it

si

"1

M

if


as

3*

a

11

-1

a

a

k;

ii

n

<1

m

t

a

1

k

i

I

t

I

A.D.\609-\0.

7° Jac. I. c. 22.

1183

i

i

i

i

i



1

i

1

1

i

I

i

i

i

i

i

F

i



i

i

i

i

i

I

t

i

i

I

i

i

same, from and after the second day of October which shalbe in the yeare of our I-ord God One thousand sixe hundreth and eleven, shalbe contributory or charged for the same Benefice or Promocion to your Highnesse your Heires or Successors with the last payment of this Subsidie: Item, Your Highnesse sayd Prelates and Clergie doe grant, that ePy Archbishop Bishop, and (the See being voyd) every Deane and Chapter of that Sec voyd, and none other pson or psons, shall be Collectors of this Subsidie within their pper Diocesse during the time appointed for the payment of this Subsidie: And yo' said Prelates and Clergie doe most humbly beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted by your Majestie and your High Court of Parliament (for the speedie payment of the sayd Subsidie, and to avoyd delayes thereof), that when and as often as any Collector or Collectors chargeable with the Colleccion of this Subsidie or of any part of it, or their or any of their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies of any of them, shall offer the payment of it or of any part of it, to the use of your Majestie your Heires or Successours, to any pson or psons appointed, to receive the same by your Highnesse or by the Lord High Treasurer, that the said pson or psons so appointed shall within foure dayes next after such Appointment, receive or cause to be received the Money so offered to be payd without any further delay, and deliver one sufficient Bill testifying the receit thereof to the said Collector or his Undercollector or Deputie upon epy such particuler payment: And that ev’y such Auditor as is or shall be appointed, to take or receive the Account of any such Collector or Collectors or of their severall Undercollectors or Deputies, shall within sixe dayes next after Request to him to be made, truely and indifferentlie take the sayd Account, and make Allowance as by this Graunt is appointed; upon paine that ev’y such pson or psons appointed to receive the same some or somes of Money so offered, and et?y such Auditor, shall lose and forfeit for ePy default or delay to be made, to the Collector or Collectors Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies so offering to make Payment or Account as is aforesaid, the sume of Ten Pounds of Iawfull Money of England, the one moide thereof to be to your Majesrie your Heires and Successors, and the other moytie to the said Collector or Collectors Undercollector or Undercollectors Depude or Deputies so greived, the same to be payd upon complaynt to be made to y' said Lord Tresurer Under Treasurer or to the Lord Cheife Baron of your Majesties Court of Exchequer; who upon such complaynt shall p'sently examine the matter, and finding default, shall comitt the Offendor to Warde, there to remaine unull he shall have payd the sayd severall s5mes so forfeited: And for better levying and recoveryng of this Subsidie, your said Prelates and Clergie doe likewise most humbly beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted by your Majestie and your said High Court of Parliament in maner and forme following, (that is to say,) That ev'y Collector of the said Subsidie and of ePy part and parcell of it, and their lawful Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, may have full Power and Authoritie to use all such Waies and Meanes and Pcesse as be p>scribed in the Act of ppetuall Disme for the Colleccion and levying thereof, and may make Account of the same before the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer of England for the tyme being, or any other Officer by your Highnesse or your Court of Exchequer to be appointed for the same, and in such place as your Majestie shall likewise assigne, in such wise and after such forme onely as the said Archbishop and Bishops be now charged to make Account for the sayd ppetuall Disme and Tenth; whearby is meant that the lacke and default of payment of and for any Spirituall Pmocion or Pmocions, shall onely charge such Incumbent or Incumbents, and such others as be bound to pay the same; And that the Archbishop Bishop Deane and Chapter, gathering that which they can receive, and making payment thereof, shall for the rest, not by them received, be discharged by their Stificate to be made unto your Highnesse Court of Exchequer, for ePy of the aforesaid paymentf which shall be due upon the second day of October in any of the aforesaid yeeres, at or before the last Retorne of Hillary Terme next following ePy of the aforesaid dayes, when ePy of the said payment f shalbe due; And for ePy of the foresaid paymentf which shalbe due upon the sixe and twentieth day of March in any of the aforesaid yeares, at or before the last retorne of Trinitie Terme, next and ymediately following e$y of the aforesaid dayes when the said paymentf shall be due; And that sixe pence of ePy pounde wherewith the Collector shall be charged in his Account, clearely to be payd into the Receipt of your Majesties Exchequer, or into such other place as shall please your Highnesse to appoint, shalbe allowed to the said Collector upon his Account for the same, at ev*y of the aforesaid severall times of payment, for the Charges of the sayd Colleccion Portage safe conveying and paying of the sayd Subsidie: And moreover that it may be enacted likewise, that after any payment of the said Subsidie shall be once due by venue of this Grant, if any Incumbent of any Benefice or 4’mocion Spirituall charged to the Payment of any of the said Subsidie, or any parte thereof, being at any time after that the same Payment shall bee due, lawfully monished, either psonally or at his Dignitie Stall Church or Mansion House, by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocesse, or his Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or by the Deane and Chapter (the See being void), or by any of their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies authorised in that behalfe, to appeare by himselfe or his Deputie, at a ctaine Day and Place of convenient distance to the said Incumbent then to be signified and pffixed, and then and there to paie such part of the said Subsidie for his Benefice or Pmocion Spirituall or the whole, as then by vertue of this Graunt shall be due, doe not either at the same Day and Place so to him signified and pffixed, truly content and pay, or cause to be contented and payd, such paymentf of the saide Subsidie as then by him shall be due to be payd unto the same Archbishop or Bishop or to his Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapter of any See being void, or to their Undercollcctor or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or to one of them, shewing sufficient Deputacon from the said Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapter, under his or their Seale in that behalfe, being ready at the said Day and Place so signified and pffixed to receive any Payment of the said Subsidie then due, and openly demaunding the same, or else pay eVy of the paymentf of this Subsidie given by this Grant within tiftie dayes next after any such p^fixed dayes of warning at the furthest (so that open demaund be made of eipy of the said paimentf of the said Subsidie in and at the sayd place and day before p'fixed) that then ev*y Incumbent so making default of any of the Paymentf

Bishops, Sic. shall be Collectors;

Payments shall be received from Collectors when tendered by them

and Accounts be taken by Auditors, &c. Penalty jgio.

Collectors shall have the same Powers, Stc. as for levying the Tenths. See.

Allowance for Collection, 6d. in the Pound.

Incumbent of any Benefice, on Demand of Subsidy from him, and Certificate, by the Bishop into the Exchequer, of Non-payment, shall forfeit such Benefice;



1184

7° Jac. 1. c.22.

Form of such Certificate t

anil Schedule to be annexed.

Incumbent may tender the Sum due, at any Time before Certificate ia exhibited.

Acquittances to

Acquii

Collect

Subsidies

:ton paying lies to Lord

Treasurer:

Feet thereon;

Penalty on Neglect or Extortion in the Officers of the Exchequer, jgic.

aforesaid, which shalbe due from him for any of the parts of the said Subsidie as aforesayd, after such default thereof ftified into your Majesties Exchequer in Writing, under the Seale and Handwriting of any Archbishop or Bishop, or the Comon Seale of the Deane & Chapter (the See being voyd,) charged w" the Colleccion of the same Subsidie, so that the said Stificate shall be made according to the forme heereafter expressed, and exhibited into your Majesties sayd Court of Exchequer, videit, for ev*y of the aforesaid paymentf of this Subsidie which shall be due the second day of October in any of the aforesaid yeares, at or before the last Retume of Hillary Terme next following ev'y of the aforesayd dayes when ev*y of the sayd paymentf shall be due; And for ety of the aforesaid paymentf which shall be due upon the sixe and twentieth day of March in any of the aforesaide yeeres, at or before the last returne of Trinide Terme next following ev*y of the aforesayd Dayes when the sayd paymentf shall be due as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose unto your Majestie your Heires and Successors, all the Pfittf which of that onely Dignitie Benefice or Pmocion for the which hee maketh such defalt of Payment, and whereof such ttificate shall be made, shall come grow and arise unto him, (over and above the Charges of serving the Cure and the aiiuall Tenth due to be payd out of his said Living,) in one whole yeare next after such ?tificate made & delivered unto yo' Highnesse Courte of Exchequer, and there admitted, in case the said Incumbent shall so long live; and that ev*y such Certificate of any such default of Payment shalbe made according to the Tenor and Effect ensuing, (mutatis mutandis) : Honorabilibj et egregiis viris, Dno Thesaurario et Baronibj de Sc'fio Illustrissimi Dni nri Dni Jacobi Dei gra Angt Scocie Franc & Hiton Regis, Fidei Defensoris, 8cc. Vr humilis J. pmissione Divina, L. Episcopus, authoritate et vigore cujusdam Actus Parliamenti annis regni dCi Dni Regis sStt Angt FranC et Hibn septimo & octavo, et Scocie quadragesimo ?cio editi & pvis, ad colligend & levand Subsidiu eidem Dno Regi in eodem Parliamento p Prelatos & Clerum Cantuar Pvincie concess, vidett, p prima solucione dci Subsidii solvend scdo die Octobr ultimo ptito, infra Diocesim nfam L. deputatus & authorizat, omimodam rev’enciam tantis viris debit cum honore: Vns Reverenciis hap serie anuncio & c^ifico, me p*faf Epm, modo quo pffert' deputat & authorizat, sufficient & cum omi diligencia requisivisse p N. O. Subcollectorem seu deputat meum in hac parte, de quovis Beneficio & Pmocione Eccliastica in quadam Schedula jPsentibj annex spificat, sumas dCe prime solucionis d£i Subsidii p d5is Beneficiis et Pmocbibj debit, & solvend ddo scdo die Octobris ultimo p*t?ito, put in eadem Schedut p'sentibj annexa plenius liquet & apparet; Sed dcas sumas ex causis in eadem Schedula allegatis recipe non potui. In cujus rei testimoniu, sigillum meum psentibj apposui. Dai die mensis Anno Dni : The Forme of which Schedule above

mentioned ensueth : Civitas L. vel Decanatus de H. A. B. Rector, vel Vicarius ibidem monitus suit apud p>dicf die ultimo f?9ito p N.O. subcollectorem seu deputat meum, ad solvend apud Ecctiam de

L. in com R. die px sequeii, soluc6em sive illam partem dCi Subsidii p ipm debit scdo die Octobris

ultimo ptito p 4?moc6e sua p>d£a. Sed p>deus A. B. nec apud Ecctiam de L. p*dcam eodem die

nec alibi p quinquagint dies postea, sumam p ipm debit (ut pffert') solvit vel satisfecit: neqs dcam sumam de pficuis dee pmoc&is nec de bonis & catallis dci A. B. aliquo modo levare, sive recipe potui. Provided alwaies, That if any Parson or Incumbent, chargeable by this Act or Grant to any Payment of this Subsidie, or of any part thereof, shall proffer or tender Payment of any some due, to the Archbishop or Bishop or to the Deane and Chapter where the See is void, or to any Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies of any Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapter aforesaid, at any time before the Stificate exhibited into the Exchequer as is aforesaid, that then notwithstanding the ctaficate made as is aforesaide against any such pson, the sayd Incumbent or Person against whome the said ttificate was so made, shall and may averre the Offer or Tender of his Payment as is aforesaide. And of the same shall be tryed, either by sufficient Witnesses, before the Lord Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer, or by the Triall of twelve Men upon any Yssue thereupon to be joyned betwixt the sayd Incumbent and any other pson or psons, that he or any for him did offer or tender Payment of the sume due as aforesaid, which being found for the Incumbent, then ev*y such Incumbent shall have and enjoy his Pmocion or Pmocions still, without Forfeiture or losing to your Majestie your Heires or Successors any the Pfittf thereof, and as though no ttificate or Defaulte of any such Payment had bene made or exhibited; Any Thing in this psent Grant or Acte to the contrary notwithstanding: And further, That it may be enacted likewise, That ev*y Archbishop and Bishop, and Deane and Chapter of ev*y See vacant, and other psons chargeable to and with the Collection of this Subsidie within the sayd Province of Canterbury, shall and may have upon ev’y Payment of the same Subsidie, made to the Lord High Treasurer or Under Tresurer of England for the time being, or to such other pson or psons in place and places to whom and where it shall please your Highnesse or your Court of Exchequer to appoint for the Receipt thereof, at ePy of the aforesaid times of payment, a sufficient Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est in Writing of the aforesayd Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer, or of such other pson or psons as either your Highnesse or your said Court of Exchequer shall assigne for the Receipt thereof, or as heretofore in the like Cases it hath beene accustomed, the same Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est witnessing the Receipt of so much of the same sume of the sayd Subsidie as shalbe so received; And ePy such Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est in Writing, subscribed with the Name or Names of the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer for the time being, or of such Auditor or other pson or psons as it shall please your Highnesse or your said Court of Exchequer to appoynt for the same Receipt, or of such others as heretofore in like Cases it hath beene used, shall and may be good and effectuall in the Law, and be also as sufficient a discharge to all and ev*y of the sayd Collectors, to all such Intentf Constructs and Purposes, as if the same were made by Acte of Parliament: And that every of the sayd Collectors shall pay but onely three shillinges foure pence for epy generall or finall Acquittance, Discharge or Quietus est, for etye Payment of the said Subsidie: And if any pson so assigned shall refuse or delay to make such a gettall or finall Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est, for any payment of the said Subsidie, or shall require and take for the same any more then three shillinges foure pence, or if any other Officer of the Exchequer shall require and take of


7° Jac.I. c.22.

1185

H

i

i

i

i

i

i

I

i

i

k

i

1

I

i

k

k

i

i

i

k

n

i

t

i

i

t

i

i

i

i

y

t

i

r

i

4

A.D. 1609-10.

any Collector or Collectors, or of his or their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, in respect of the Colleccion Payment or Account of the sayd Subsidie or any part thereof, or for expedicion or for any other cause or ptence whatsoever conc?ning the same, any Fees or Somes of Mony, other then are before in this p*sent Grant expressly allowed unto them, shall forfeit the some of Tenne pounds of lawfull Money of England, to be payd and recovered in like maner and to the same uses as is before limitted and expressed in this Statute touching the like forfeitures of Receivors and Auditors: And also that epy pticuler Acquittance which upon any payment of the sayd Subsidie shall be made by any Collector or Collectors of the same Subsidie, or of any payment of it, or by his or their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies in that behalfe, to any Incumbent of any Benefice or Pmocion Spirituall, or to any pson or psons contributory and chargeable to and with the same Subsidie, or any part or payment of it, shall be good and effectuall in Law, and a full and sufficient discharge to every such Incumbent, and other Pson, and his Benefice and Pmocion Spirituall, of and for all suche some and somes of Money as by the same Acquittance shall be acknowledged to be received, in respect of the same Benefice or Pmocion Spirituall, for any Payment or any part of the same Subsidie; And that none Acquittance of any other pson or psons made before such c?tificate, shall in any wise discharge any Pson or Pmocion, for any part or payment of his sayd Subsidie, nor of any Paine Penaltie or Forfeiture specified in this Grant: And to the intent it may be knowen to the Court of the Exchequer who be the Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies of ev*y such Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapter, authorised to receive the same, and to make Acquittance thereof, every Archbishop Bishop and Deane and Chapiter of any See being voyd, shall yeerely, together with their Certificatf afore mencioned, Sifie the Names of every the Undercollectors or Deputies to be appointed as is aforesayd: Provided alwaies, That no Collector of this Subsidie or of any part of it, shall use any Pcesse or compulsorie Meanes, or exact any Fees or sumes of Money for the same, or otherwise, of any pson for not paying the sayd Subsidie or any part thereof, at such c?taine day or place as shall be by the Collector or his Undercollector or Deputie pffixed, in case the sayd pson shall tender the same unto the Collector or his Undercollector or Deputie within twentie dayes next after such jpfixed daye; and that the sayd Collectors shall not by themselves or any others, take of any pson for the Receite of any severall payment of the sayd Subsidie and for his Acquittance thereupon, any more then foure pence, by any colour or pkext whatsoever: Provided alwaies, that no Spirituall Promocions, nor any Lands Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, being charged by this Graunte of the Province of Canterbury, or any Goods or Chattellf growing being or renewing upon the same, or elswhere appertayning to the Owners of the said Spirituall Promocions or to any of them, shall be charged or made contributory to any Fifteene or Tenth, or to any other Subsidie already graunted to your Highnesse by the Laitie, or hereafter to be graunted during the time appointed by this Grant for the payment of the saide Subsidie: Provided also, That all Deanes Archdeacons Dignities Masters Wardens & Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colledges, or any of them, within the sayd Province, shall be charged with this Subsidie for those Possessions Revenues and Promocions only which to their severall Pmocions Dignities and Roumes are clearely and distinctly limitted, and to their onely use severed, thereof to pay (the Tenth part being deducted) for this Subsidie Sixe shillinges of every full Pound, in manner and forme as is above rehearsed: And that all those Rents Possessions Pfits Porcions Hereditament^ and Spirituall Promocions, and every of them, heretofore by your Highnesse or any of the Kings or Queenes of this Realrne, or any other pson or psons whatsoever, given granted bequeathed devised or imppriated unto the sayd Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or to any of them, which any wayes bee assigned employed or used either for or toward f the yeerely Maintenance of Readers of Divinitie Poore Men Schoolemasters Ushers Grammarians Petie Canons Conductf Vicars Chorall Singingmen Choristers Virgers Sextons, or of any other necessarie or dayly Officers or Ministers in such Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or any of them, or for or towards the reedyfying or repayring of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, shall not be charged with any parte of this Subsidie; The c?taintie of which Porcions, aswell chargeable to this Subsidie as not chargeable in this behalfe, the Archbishop, or Bishop of the Diocesse, or (the See being voyd) the Deane and Chapter, or any other to whome the same shall or may appertaine, upon due Search and Examinac&n, shall C*tifie under his or their Seales into your Highnesse sayd Court of Exchequer, at or before the severall Returnes aforesayd appointed for the paymentf of the sayd Subsidie: Provided alwayes, that ev*y Parson Vicar or Spirituall Pson paying any Pencion whereof no Allowance is made in the Valuacion of his Pmocion or Benefice, shall and may retaine to his owne use and releife so much of every pounde of ev'y such Pension for ev’y payment of this Subsidie as he standeth charged by this Graunt to pay for every part and payment of this Subsidie out of ev'y pound for the whole Valuacion of his Spirituall Promocion ; Any Coven'nte Grant or Bond to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided also, and your sayd Prelates and Clergie doe most humbly beseech your Highnesse that it may be enacted by your Majesties Authoritie and your High Court of Parliament, That where Staine Lands Tenementf Rents Spirituall Pmocions Tithes Pensions Porcions Fruites and other Hereditamentf, latelie belonging to divers Cathedrall Churches, and to other places and psons Ecclesiasticall within the sayd Province of Canfbury, which were given and assigned to be bestowed and spent in and on finding and mainteyning of ckeine Chantries Anniversaries Obites Lights Lampes, and other like Charges Intentf and Purposes, of late came into the Hands and Possession of the late King of famous memorie Edward the Sixt, by force of a Statute thereof made in the first yeere of his Reigne,

as by the sayd Statute more plainely appeareth } That the Cathedrall Churches and the Bishops Deanes or Presidents

and Chapters and Prebendaries of the same, and all other places and psons Eccliasticall and ev'y of them, to whome

the sayd Lands Rents and other the pmisses or any of them did lately appertaine, shall not during the tyme

appointed by this Graunt for the payment of the said Subsidie, be charged to and with any payment of Subsidie, of and for that part and porfbn of Landes Tenementf Rents Spirituall Pmocions and other Hereditamentf or any

Particular Acquittances by Collectori to Incumbent!.

Name! of Deputy Collector] shall be certified.

Twenty Dayi after Demand allowed for Payment, without Fees, See.

No Spiritual Promotions shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

Deans, &c. chargeable for their Promotions.

Exemption of Revenues of Cathedrals, Icc. appropriated to the Poor, Icc.

Certificate of such Revenues.

Person! paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy.

Exemption for Lands of Chauntries, See. vested in the Crown under Stat. I Edw. VI. c. ix. or since, as Lands concealed. See.

Vot.IV. 13 Y


1186

7° Jac. I. c. 22.

A.D. 1609-10.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, &c.

Benefices not exceeding £6. ij. 4.

Vicarages from £i. to £io. to pay 16s. 8d.

This Subsidy to be confirmed by Parliament:

Such Subsidy confirmed by Parliament, accordingly.

IL

The said Subsidy shall be levied by Spiritual Censures, or by Distress; and when paid by Farmers shall be allowed out of their Rents; unless on express Covenant to the contrary.

IIL

of them, whereunto the sayd late King by force of the sayd Statute was intituled or possessed of, nor of any yeerely Rents or Paymentf going out of the sayd Cathedrall Churches and other the places and Psons Eccliasticall aforesaid; And that Deduccion and Allowance thereof be made to them and every of them accordingly, in and upon every payment of the sayd Subsidie, out of the whole Valuation Taxacion and Estimacion made for the payment of the sayd ppetuall Disme or Tenth remayning of Record in yo' Highnesse Court of Exchequer as aforesayd, for the rate and portion of Lands Tenementf Rents Spirituall Pmocions and other Hereditamentf and those yeerely paymentf whereunto the said late King was intituled or possessed of, or which since the making of the sayd Statute, by reason that they have beene found as Landes Tents Rents Tithes or other Hereditamentf concealed from the sayd late King Edward the SLxt, the late King Henry the Eight, the late Queene Mary, the late Queene Elizabeth, or any of them, or from your Majesde, or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the sayd Cathedrall Churches and other places and psons aforesaid or of any of them by force of the Statute p>mised or any otherwise: Provided also, That this Subsidie graunted by the Clergie, or any part of it, shall not be detnaunded or levied out of any Benefice Howse of Students or Colledge, scituate or set within either of the UnivWies of Cambridge or Oxforde, or any Benefice Lands or other Revenues unto the said Univ’sities or either of them, or to any House of Students or Colledge in any of the sayd UniPsides, united appropriated or appertayning, or out of any Benefice Lands or Revenues of the Colledge of Windsour, or of the Colledge of Westin, or of the Colledge of Eaton nere Windsor, or of the Colledge called S' Maries Colledge by Winchester, founded by William Wickham sometime Bishop of Winchester, or of any Hospitals Almeshouses or Griimar Schooles, or of any Church Benefice or other Revenues to the said Colledges Hospitals Almeshouses or Gramar Schooles or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwise appertayning : Provided alwaies, That all Parsons Vicars and all other Eccliasticall psons, whose Beneficf are not above Six pounds thirteene shillingf foure pence by the yeere, after the Taxactin aforesaid, shall not be charged w"1 this Subsidie or any part of the same: Provided also, That every Vicar whose Benefice is Eight pounds or above and not above Ten pounds by the yere after the Taxac6n aforesayd, shall pay unto your Highnesse your Heires and Successors, at each of the two first paymentf of this Subsidie Three shillinges foure pence, and at each of the two last paymentf* of the same Subsidie, Five shillinges, at such times and to such psons as is aforesaid, for his part of the sayd Subsidie; And if any Vicarage be under Eight pounds in the Taxacion aforesaid, the Incumbent shall not be charged with any part or payment of the said Subsidie. And for the sure and true payment of this Subsidie, granted by your sayd Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, according to the tenor purport effect and true meaning of this p'sent Grant, Your sayd Prelates and Clergie most humbly desire your Highnesse that this their sayd Gift Graunt and Subsidie, and ev*y Matter sume of Mony Peticion Clause Provisions Reservacions and Sentences in this Instrument contayned con?ning the sayd Subsidie, may be ratified established and confirmed by the Authoritie of your Highnesse Court of Parliament. In quoji oim & singulop jPmissop fidem & testimoniu. Nos Ricfus Archiepus Cantuar antedcus, has p>sentes Iras nfas testimoniales, sive hoc p>sens publicutn Instrumentum, ad ftmilem rogatum Prelatoj & Cleri p*dict, Sigilli nri appensione ac signo nine & subscripcoe Johannis Coston notarii publici registrarii nn Principalis jussim9 et fecim9 comuniri. Da? dco decimo sexto die mensis Julii, Anno Dili mittimo sexcentesimo decimo, regniq^ vn felicissimi, sett Anglie Francie & Hibnie, octavo, et Scocie quadragesimo 9tio, & nre T'nslacSis Anno sexto.

Wherefore for the true and sure payment of the said Subsidie, granted by the said Prelates and Clergie of the said Province of Can?bury, according to the Tenor Effect and true meaning of the said Instrument, Bee it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie with the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, That the said Gift Grant and every Matter some of Money Petic&n Provision Clause and Sentence in the same Instrument contayned, shall stand and be ratified established and confirmed by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament.

And Further bee it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That e9y pson that shall be appointed to the collection and gathering of the said Subsidie, shall have full power and authoritie to levie take and pceive the sayd Subsidie by the Authoritie of the Censures of the Church, That is to say, by Suspension Excomunicacion or InPdiccion, and also by Sequestration of the Fruites and Pfittf of their Beneficf and Promotions Spirituall, in whose Hands soever they be, and to make sale of the same Fruites, without danger of the Lawes of this Realme; or by Distresse upon the Possessions of the Farmors or Occupiers of the Landes and Tenementf, chargeable by the sayd Instrument, for or to the payment of any some or somes of Money to be due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discretion of the Collector thereof; And that no Replevie Phibicbn or Supsedeas shall be allowed or obeyed for any psons making default of the payment of the sayd Subsidies, or any of them, contrary to the tenor of the Graunte thereof, untill such tyme as they have truly satisfied and contented all such parts and portions as to them in that behalfe appertayneth : And that every such Farmor and Farmors, their Executors and Assignes, that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to or with the payment of the said Subsidie or any part thereof, shall by the authoritie aforesaid be allowed and retaine in his Hands as much of his yeerely Rent and Farme as the some which he shall fortune to pay for his Lord or Leasour shall extend unto; Excepte that the sayd Farmor or Farmors their Executors or Assignes, by the Lease and Graunt that they have of any part of the Landes Tithes Proffittf & Tefitf chargeable to the said Subsidie, or by force of any Covenant or Article therein conteyned, be bound and charged to paie the same, and thereof to discharge the Leasour and Landlord during the Terme mentioned in the sayd Lease.

And likewise be it enacted by y* Authoritie of this f?sent Parliament, That whereas divers Curates liable to this Subsidie beinge oftentymes removeable, do serve aswell in divers Impropriations belonginge to the Kings Majestie, as in other Spirituall Promotions belonging to other psons; That for the speedie Recoverie of the sayd Subsidie,


A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c.22,23.

1187

it may be lawfull to the sayd Collector or Collectors of the sayd Subsidie, their Deputie or Deputies, to levie the said Subsidies upon

Subsidie upon the Farmor or Farmors, or Occupiers of all such Imppriacions or Spirituall Promocions, by all ^feried onThe"

Censures of the Church aforesaid and ev*y of them, or by way of Distresse of Tithes of the sayd Imppriacion or Farmer* thereof.

Imppriacions and Spirituall Promocions, or otherwise upon the Goods and Chattellf of the said Farmor or Farmors

and Occupiers, In which case no Inhibicion Prohibicion Replevie or other Processe awarded to the cont*ry, shall be

obeyed; Any Lawes Statutes Priviledges or Customes to the contrary hereof, heretofore made graunted or used, or

hereafter to be made graunted or used, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And that it may be lawfull Distresses may be

to the Collectors, and other Officers and Ministers of such Archbishop Bishop Deane and Chapiter, for not payment ‘PP™*1 ‘old-

of the sayd Subsidie after the same shall bee due in or at any of the sayd times of payment, to prise and value

the sayd Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent Neighbours by him to be chosen, and for the Distresse and Distresses

so prised to sell, and thereof to detaine so much Mony as shall amount to the s5me payable to the Kings Majestie,

with the reasonable Charges also of the sayd Collectour susteined in that behalfe; and the rest of the Money made of

the sayd Distresse, to bee delivered and payed to the Owner and Occupier thereof.

IV.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That everie Lay pson having Spirituall Pmocion Lay ImproprUton chargeable by this Act, and also having Temporall Possessions Goods Chattellf and Debts charged to the said Subsidie granted in this Parliament by the Temporaltie, shall be taxed charged and set for the said Spirituall Promotions for their Spiritual with the Clergie, and his Temporall Possessions and Chattellf Reall with the Temporaltie, and not otherwise; PromotIon,>

Any Thing before mencioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all and ePie Grant and Grants of all and ev'y some Subsidy ^of the and somes of Money granted, or wd* hereafter shall be granted to the Kings Majestie by the Clergie of the Province Province of York of Yorke, shall be of the same strength force and effect in all things as the sayd Grant made by the sayd Province under'thi^Acts*1 of Canterbury; and shall be taxed ctified collected levied gathered and payed, according to the tenor forme and effect of this p>sent Act of Parliament, to all Intentf Construcc&ns and Purposes, in such maner and forme as though it were specially plainly and pticularlie expressed and rehearsed in this psent Act, by expresse Words Termes and Sentencf in their severall Natures and Kinds.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesayd, That all Provisions before rehearsed, contayned A)[ or to bee contayned in the sayd Graunt of the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, and the like in the Grants of the same Provisoes contained in the sayd Graunt of the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Yorke, shall confirmed-be good and effectuall, and to be observed and kept in every Point and Article, according to the purport and true meaning of the same.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for the Graunte of One entire Subsidye and One Fiftenth and Tenth graunted by the Temporaltie.

MOST Gracious Soveraigne, as in private Families and all other Sociedes where the straitest Bands of Nature Motives for Grant or Eleccion doe concurre to unite Affeccions, there is almost a continuall Necessitie of mutuall Offices of °f Subsidies} Kindenesse to nourish and mainteine that Love; So in Kingdomes, besides that great Band of Proteccion and Allegeance betweene the Soveraigne and the Subject, there is a like necessary use of the interchange of mutuall Effects of Grace and Love: In regard whereof Wee do in all Humilirie p>sent to your Majestie of our free Gift, One entire Subsidie and one Fifteenth and Tenth ; And Wee doe most humbly beseech your Majestie that it may be Grant of One enacted by the authoritie of this p>sent Parliament in manner and forme following, that is to say: That your Majestie ^Tenth'upcm shall have One whole Fifteenth and Tenth, to be taken payed and levied of the moveable Goods Chattellf and other P'"0"*!1*’ £6 Things usuall to such [Fifteenth '] and [Tenth ’] to be contributorie and chargeable, within the Shires Cities Boroughes l^w^ov™^00 Townes and other Placf of this your Majesties Realme, in maner and forme aforesaid used ; (Except the s5me of Sixe at

thousand pounds therof fully to be deducted of the said whole Fifteenth and Tenth, in Releife Comfort and Discharge of the poore Townes Cities and Boroughes of this your sayed Realme, wasted desolate or destroyed or over greatly impolished, after such Rate as was and hath afore this time beene had and made to ePy Shire, and to be devided into such manner and forme as heretofore for one whole Fifteenth and Tenth, hath beene had and devided: And the sayd One Fifteenth and Tenth (the Excepcon and Deduccion aforesayd thereupon had deducted and allowed) to be payed to your Highnesse in one entire payment in the Receipt of your Exchequer, on or before the first day of Februarie next coming.

And Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That the Knightf elected and retorned of & for the Shires ^ ^ ^ n. within this Realme for this present Parliament, Citizens of Cities, Burgesses of Boroughes and Townes, where »ppointed by the Collectors have been used to be named and appointed for the Colleccion of any Fifteenth and Tenth before this tyme granted, shall name and appoint before the last day of November, sufficient and able psons to bee Collectours several Shires, 4c. for the Colleccion of the sayd Fifteenth and Tenth, then having Landes Tefitf and other Hereditamentf in Qualification their owne Right, of an Estate of Inheritance, of the yearely value of Forty Pounds, or in Goods worth Foure of Collectors.

• Fifteenths O.

* Tenths 0.


1188

7° Jac. I. c. 23

Such Collectors shall be allotted to •ereral Divisions, and chargeable for the same severally;

and their Names certified into Chancery}

or in Default, such Collectors shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor i

Their Allowance

Process against

them.

III.

Such Collectors shall enter into Recognizances for due Payment of the said Fifteenth and Tenth.

IV.

Grant of One entire Subsidy on Personalty ; via. Of Subjects, above if3. at. 8d. per Pound, by Two Payments of is. 8d. and is.

A.D. 1609-10.

hundred pounds at the least, each of them, at such Rate and Value as he or they shall be assessed and rated at in the Subsidie Booke, if any such be in the said limittf, and for want of such so assessed, that those shall be appointed Collectors that then shall be rated and taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Lands or Goods neerest to the severall values aforesayd ; And also such pson and psons so by them to be named and appointed for the Collection of the sayd Fifteenth and Tenth, shall be by them severally appointed and allotted into Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughes and Townes; And also the said psons so named and appointed for the Colleccion of the sayd Fiftenth and Tenth, shall be severally charged and chargeable, upon his or their Account or Accounts in the Exchequer to be made, with all such some and somes of Money as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughs and Townes where he or they shall so happen to be appointed shall amount unto, and of no more some or somes; And upon the payment of such somes of Mony as he or they shall be so charged with, shall be discharged and have his and their Quietus est; The not accounting or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or the insufficiency of them or any of them notwithstanding; And the Names and Surnames of every of the sayd Collectors for the sayd Fifteenth and Tenth, together with the places allotted to their Colleccion and Charge, the sayd Knightf Citizens and Burgesses, for the Shires Cities and Boroughes wherunto they be allotted named and returned, shall ?tifie before the Kings Majestie in the Chauncery before the first day of January next coming, according to the tenor of this Act: And if default of any such ?tifying be had or made in forme as is aforesaid, then the Lord Chancellor of England, or Keep of the Great Seale for the time being, shall ymediately after, name and appoint Collectors for the Colleccion of ev*y of the said Fifteenth and Tenth, in such like maner and forme as the sayd Knightf of Shires Citizens of Cities, and Burgesses of Boroughes should have done, and as aforetime hath beene used; The which sayd Collectors, and every of them so to be named and appointed as is aforesaid, shall have Allowance upon their Accounts for their Fees Wages and Rewardf for the Colleccion of the sayd Fifteenth and Tenth, in as large maner and forme as any Collector or Collectors of any Fifteenth & Tenth have had at any season in times past; And that the Barons of the Kings Exchequer for the time being, shall and may from time to time award such pcesse for speedy Payment of the said Fifteenth and Tenth against the Collector or Collectors of the same, as by their Discrecions shall be thought convenient.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That the said Lord Chauncellor or Keep of the Great Seale for the tyme being, Knightf of the Shires, Citizens of Cities, Burgesses of Boroughs Townes and other Placf, having authoritie by this psent Act to nominate the sayd Collectors of or for the Colleccion of the sayd Fifteenth and Tenth, shall upon their Nominacion and Eleccion had and made, take by authoritie of this pPsent Parliament, sufficient Recognizance or Obligacions of e9y pson so by them to be named, to be bound to the Kings Majestie in the double some of the some of their Colleccion, and to be indorsed upon such Condicion, that if the same Collector and Collectors of the said Fifteenth and Tenth, doe truly content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie in his Receit of his Exchequer for the sayd Fifteenth and Tenth, at or before the said first day of February next coming, so much of the sayd some of Money allotted and appointed to his Colleccion as the same Collector shall have collected and gathered; and doe likewise, after the sayd first day of February next coming, content and pay to the Kings Majesties use at the same Receit of the Exchequer, the Residue of his Colleccion and Charge, within one Moneth next after such time as he shall have gathered and collected the same Residue,

That then the said Recognizance or Obligacion to be voide, or els to stand in his full strength and power; which

Recognizances or Obligacions so taken, the same Knightf of the Shires Citizens and Burgesses, and every of them

taking any such Recognizance or Obligacion, shall <?tifie and deliver to the Lord Treasurer and Barons of the same

Exchequer, before the first day of February next coming, upon paine of Forfeiture of Ten Pounds to the Kings Majestie for every Recognizance or Obligacion to be taken and not certified; And that every such Collector upon Request to him made, shall make and acknowledge the same Recognizance or Obligacion accordingly, upon paine of Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds to the King for his refusall thereof; And that the Tresurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the time being, upon Payment of the sayd Colleccion at the dayes, shall cancell and deliver the sayd Recognizance or Obligacion to the said Collector or Collectors without any other Warrant, and without any Fee or Reward to be payd to any pson for the same.

And Furthermore, for the consideracions aforesayd, Wee the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Comons of this p*sent Parliament assembled, doe by our lyke assent and authoritie of this Parliament give and graunt to your Highnesse our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie your Heires and Successors, One entire Subsidie, to be rated taxed levied and payd at two severall Paymentf, of ePie pson Spirituall and Temporall, of what Estate or Degree he or they be of, according to the tenor of this Act, in maner and forme following. That is to say ; As well that ev^ie pson borne within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions, as all and every Fra?nirie Guild Corporacion Mysterie Brotherhood and Cominaltie, corporate or not corporate, within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions, being worth Three pounds, for ev*y pound as well in Coyne and the value of e9y pound that such Pson Frafnitie Guild Corporacion Misterie Brotherhood and Cominalty, corporate or not corporate, hath of his or their owne or any other to his or their use, as also Plate Stocke of Merchandize, all maner of Come and Graine Houshould Stuffe and of all other Goods moveable, as well within this Realme as without, and of all such sdmes of money as to him or them is or shalbe owing, wherof he or they trust in his or their conscience surely to be payed, (Except and out of the Premisses deducted, such somes of money as he or they owe, and in his or their conscience intendeth truly to pay. And except also the Apparell of e$e such psons their Wives and Children belonging to their owne Bodies, Saving Jewellf Golde Silver Stone and Pearle), shall pay to and for

x*

«*'

0

i¥

i*'

0

H





0

it>

o«t

4*

10

j&

pi



i T« if

d

m

oc

ik

ik

it

«1

a

a

ii

i

it

ii

I

i

*1

t

j

I

I


A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 23.

1189

the said Subsidie in two severall paymentf. Two shillingf and eight pence of ev*ie pound, in maner and forme following, that is to say; at the first payment of the said Subsidie twenty pence of every pound, and to and for the second payment of the said Subsidie twelve pence of ePie pound : And also every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Kings obeisance, as well [Denizen * ] as others, inhabiting within this Realme, of every pound that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of ev’ie pound in Plate Come Graine Merchandize Houshold Stuffe or other Goods Jewels Chattellf moveable or not moveable as is aforesayd, [aswell*] within this Realme as without, and of all somes of Money to him or them owing, whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience to bee payd, (Except and out of the same pWsses deducted every such some or somes of Money which he or they do owe and in his or their conscience or consciences intend truly to pay), shall pay to and for the sayd Subsidie at two severall paymentf. Five shillingf and foure pence of ev’y pound, in manner and forme following, that is to saye; at the first payment of the sayd Subsidie the some of Three shillingf and Foure pence of every pound, and at the second payment of the sayd Subsidie the some of Two shillinges of every pound: And also that every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Kings Dominions, being Denizen or not Denizen, not being contributory to any the Rates aforesaid, and being of the Age of Seven yeares or above, shall pay to and for the sayd first payment of the sayd Subsidie, foure pence for every Poll; and to and for the second payment of the sayd Subsidie, foure pence for every Poll; And the Master or he or shee with whome the sayd Alien is or shall bee abiding at the tyme of the Taxacion or Taxacions therof, to be charged with the same for lacke of payment thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesayd. That ev’y pson borne under the Kings Obeysance, and ev’y Corporac&n Frat’nity Guilde Mistery Brotherhoode and Cominaltie, Corporate or not Corporate, for every pound that e9y of the same psons, and every Corporacion Fraternitie Guilde Misterie Brotherhood and Cominaltie Corporate or not Corporate, or any other to his or their use, hath in Fee simple Fee taile, for terme of Life, terme of Yeeres, by ExecucSn Wardshippe or by Copy of Court Rolle, of and in any Honors Castles Mannors Lands Tents Rents Services Hereditamentf Annuities Fees Corrodies or other yeerly Proffittf of the yeerely value of Twenty shillinges, as well w,hin ancient Demesne and other Places priviledged as elswhere, and so upward, shall pay to and for the sayd Subsidie at two severall paymentf, foure shillinges of and for every pound, in manner and forme following, that is to say; at the first payment of the sayd Subsidie, Two shillingf and Eight pence of every pound; and at the second payment of the sayd Subsidie, the some of sixteene pence for ev’y pound: And every Alien Denizen or not Denizen, borne out of the Kings Majesties Obeysance, in such case to pay to and for the sayd Subsidie, in two severall paymentf, eight shillingf of ev’y pound, in manner and forme following, that is to say; at the first payment of the sayd Subsidie the some of five shillingf and foure pence, and at the second payment of the sayd Subsidie the s5me of two shillingf and eight pence: And that all somes to be p>sented and chargeable by this Act, either for Goodes and Debts or either of them, or for Lands and Tents and other the p'misses as is in this Acte conteined, shall be at every of the sayd paymentf set and taxed after the rate and portion according to the true meaning of this Acte; Lands and Tenementf chargeable to the Dismes of the Clergie, and yeerely Wages due to Svantf for their yeerely Svice, (other then the Kings 3vantf taking yeerely Wages of five pounds or above) onely excepted and foreprised ; And that all Plate Coyne Jewellf Goods Debts and Chattellf Psonals, and all Lands Tenementf and other the p'misses as aforesaid, being in the Rule and Custodie of any pson or psons to the use of any Corporacion Fraternitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood or any Cominaltie, being Corporate or not Corporate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Acte, at the value citified by the Presenters of that Certificate of ev’y pound in Goods and Debts as is abovesaid, and for ev’y pound in Landes Tenementf Anuities Fees Corrodies and other yearly Pffittf as is aforesaid; and the somes that are above rehearsed set and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have such Goods in Custodie, or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehearsed, And the same pson and psons and Bodies Corporate, by Authoritie of this Acte, shall be discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the time of the payment or deliv’ye thereof, or at his otherwise departure from the Custodie or Possession of the same: Except and allwayes foreprised from the Charge and Assessment of this Subsidie, all Goods Chattellf Jewels and Ornamentf of Churches or Chappellf, which have bin ordeined and used in Churches [and3 ] Chappels for the honor and service of Almightie God.

And the first payment of the sayd Subsidie shalbe, by [the1 ] authoritie aforesaid, taxed sessed and rated according to this Act, in every Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Boroughe Towne and ev’y other Place within this Realme of England and Wales and other the Kings Dominions, before the twentieth day of September next coming; And the second payment of the sayd Subsidie shall bee by the authoritie aforesayd taxed sessed and rated before the twentieth day of March next coming; And the pticuler somes of every Shire Riding Borough Towne and other Places aforesaid, with the pticular Names of such as are or shall be chargeable for or to the payment of the sayd first payment of the sayd Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be lymitted or two of them at the least, with the Names of the High Collectors, and in the sayd forme shall bee Stifled into the Kings Exchequer before the twentieth day of October next coming; And the pticuler sdmes of ev’y Shire Riding Borough Towne and other places aforesayd, with the pticuler names of such as are or shall be chargeable for and to the payment of the sayd second payment of the sayd Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be limitted, or two of them at the least, with the names of the High Collectors, and in the sayd forme shall bee edified into the Kings Exchequer before the twentieth day of Aprill which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundred and eleven: And the said s5mes, in forme aforesayd to be taxed to and for the

1 Denizens 0. 1 O. omits. 5 or 0.

Vol. TV. 13 Z


On Alieni, ci. 4d. per Pound, by Two Payment! of 31. 4.d. and n.

Poll Tax on Alieni not liable to the Subiidiei, 4d. on each Payment.

V.

One Subtidy on Landi of 201. per Ann. and upward!, viz. Of Natirei,

41. in the Pound by Two Payment!, si. 8d. and 11. 4d.

Of Alieni,

81. in the Pound by Two Payment!, 51. 4. and 21. 8d.

Exception! 5 Mode of rating Personalty, ice.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, ice.

VI.

Time! of rating and paying the said Subsidy.

1190

7° Jac. 1. c. 23.

A.D. 1609-10.

to be paid at well within Libertiea aa without:

[S« § XXIX.]

VII. Rating of Abicnteea and others, according to Assessments, See.

VIII. Appointment of Commissioners, for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, &c,

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations;

Commissions shall be issued out of Chancery.

first payment of the said Subsidie, shalbe payd in one entire some into the Kings Receit of Exchequer aforesayd, to the use of our sayd Soveraigne Lord, at or before the first day of November next coming; And the sayd somes in maner and forme aforesaid to bee taxed to and for the second payment of the said Subsidie, shall be payd in one entire s5me into the Kings Receit of the Exchequer aforesaid, to the use of our sayd Soveraigne Lord the King, at or before the first day of May wdl shall be in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundreth and eleven ; And the somes abovesaid of and for the said Subsidie, shalbe taxed set asked and demaunded taken gathered levied and payd to the use of our said Soveraigne Lord his Heires and Successors in forme abovesaid, as well within the Libdes Franchises Sanctuaries Ancient Demesne and other whatsoever Places, exempt or not exempt, as without; Except such Shires Places and Psons as shall be foreprised in and by this jPsent Acte; Any Graunt Charter Prescripcion Use or Libtie by reason of any Ires Patentf, or other Priviledge Prescripcion Allowance for the same, or whatsoever other Matter of Discharge, heretofore to the contrary made granted used or obtained notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted by the authorise of this p'sent Parliament, That every such pson, aswell such as be borne under the Kings obeysance, as everie other pson Stranger borne, Denizen or not Denizen, inhabiting within this Realme or within Wales or other the Kings Dominions, which at the rime of the said Assessingf or Taxac&ns or ev'y of them to be had or made, shall bee out of this Realme or out of Wales, and have Goods Chattellf

Lands or Tenementf Fees or Anuities or other Pffittf within this Realme or in Wales, shall be charged and

chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitantf of the place where such Goods Chattellf Lands Tenementf or other the pmisses then shall bee, or in such other place where such pson or psons or his or their Factor Deputie or Attorny shall have their most resort unto within this Realme or in Wales, in like maner as if

the said pson were or had been at the rime of the sayd Assessing within this Realme; And that every pson

abiding or dwelling within or without this Realme, shall bee charged or chargeable to the same Subsidie graunted by this Acte, according and after the Rate of such yeerely substance or value of Landes or Tenementf Goods Chattellf and other the pVnisses, as every pson so to be charged shall be set at, at the time of the said Assessing or Taxacion upon him to be made, and not otherwise.

And it is further enacted by the authoririe aforesaid, That for the assessing and ordering of the sayd Subsidie to be duly had, the Lord Chauncellor of England or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, the Lord Treasurer of England, the Lord Privie Seale, the Lord Steward of the Kings Majesties Houshold, the Lord Admirall of England, the Lord Chamblaine of the Kings Majesties most honourable Houshold for the tyme being, or two of them at the least, wherof the Lord Chauncellor of England or Keep of the Great Seale for the tyme being to be one, shall and may name and appoint of and for every Shire Riding and other Places, as well within this Realme as in Wales, and other the Kings Dominions, as also of and for ev'y Cide and Towne being a Countie of it selfe, and of and for the Isle of Wight, such certaine nomber of psons of every of the same Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cides Townes and Isle of Wight, and ev*y other place, as they shall thinke convenient, to bee Comissioners of and within the same place, whereof they be Inhabitantf; And also of and for the honorable Houshold of the Kings Majesrie, in what Shire or other Place the sayd Houshold shall happen then to be; And the Lord Chauncellor or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, and other with him before named, or two of them as is aforesayd, in like maner may name and appoint of ev*y other such Borough and Townes Corporate, as well in England as in Wales, and other the Kings Dominions, as they shall thinke requisite, six five foure three or two of the head Officers, and other honest Inhabitantf of ev*y of the sayd Citties Boroughs and Townes Corporate, according to the nomber and muldtude of the people being in the same; The which psons (yf any such be) thereunto named of the sayd Inhabitantf of the said Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not being Coundes of themselves, shall be joyned and put in as Comissioners with the psons named for such Shires and Rydingf as the said Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not being Coundes in themselves, bee sett and have their being; Which persons so named for and of the said Boroughes and Townes Corporate, not being Counties, by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not take upon them nor none of them, to put any part of their Comission in execucion for the pimisses out of the sayd Boroughes and Townes Corporate, wherin they be so named onely; nor to execute the sayd Comission within the Borough or Towne Corporate where they be so dwelling, but at such dayes and times as the sayd other Comissioners for the same Shire and Riding shall therunto limitt and appoint, within the same Borough and Towne Corporate, not being a County wherof they be so named, and not out of such Borough or Towne; And in that manner to be ayding and assisting with the sayd other Comissioners in and for the good executing of the effect of the sayd Comission, upon paine of every of the said Comissioners, so named for e$y such Cide Borough and Towne Corporate not being a Counde, to make such Fyne as the sayd other Comissioners in the Comission of and for the same Shire or Riding so named, or three of them at the least, shall by their discrecion sett and §tifie into the Kings Exchequer, there to be levied to the use of the Kings Majestie, in like manner as if such or lyke somes had bene set and rated upon every such pson for the said Subsidies; The which Comissioners so named, of and for the sayd Cities Boroughes and Townes not being Counties, and onely put into the sayd Cdmission by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not have any part of the porcion of the Fees and Rewardf of the Comissioners and their Clarkf in this Act afterward specified and allowed. And the Lord Chauncellor of England or Keeper of the Great Seale of England for the tyme being, shall make and direct out of the Court of Chauncery under the Great Seale, several! Comissions, That is to say. For everie Shire Ryding Lathe Wapentake Rape Cide Towne Borough Isle and Houshold, unto such pson and psons as by his discrecion or any of the other with him before named and appointed, as is before rehearsed, shall be thought sufficient, for the assessing and levying of the sayd Subsidie in all Shires and Places, according to the true


1 A.DA609A0. 7° Jac. I. c. 23. 1191

meaning of this Act; Which Comission for the first payment of the sayd Subsidie, shall be directed and delivered to the sayd Comissioners or to one of them before the twentieth day of August next coming; And the Comission for the second payment of the sayd Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the sayd Comissioners or to one of them before the twentieth day of Februarie next coming; And to e$y of the sayd Comissions, Ten Schedules, contayning in them the Tenor of this Act, shall be affiled ; By the which Comission, the Comissioners in every such Comission named according to this Act, and as many of them as shall be appointed by the sayd Comission, shall have full Power and Authoritie to put the Effect of the same Comission in Execucion: And that by Authoride of this Act, after such Comission to them directed, they may by their Assentf and Agreementf sever themselves for the Execucion of their Comission, in Hundreds Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Parishes and other Places within the Limittf of the sayd Comission, in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered, and betweene them to be comuned and agreed, according to the Tenor and Effect of the Comission to them therein directed, upon which severance e9y pson of this psent Parliament that shall be Comissioner shall be assigned unto the Hundred where he dwelleth: Provided alwaies, That no pson bee or shall be compelled to be any Comissioner to and for the Execuf&n of this psent Acte, but onely in the Shire where he dwelleth and inhabiteth; And that any pson assigned to the contrarie therof in any wise, shall not be compelled to put in execucion the effect of this Acte or any parte thereof.

And be it also enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That the Comissioners and ev’y of them which shall be named limitted and appointed according to this Acte, to be Comissioners in ePy such Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citie Towne Borough Isle and the sayd Houshold, or any other place, and none other, shall truly effectually and diligently for their part execute the effect of this psent Act according to the Tenor thereof in every behalfe, and no otherwise, by any other meanes, without Omission Favour Dread Malice or any other thing to be attempted or done by them or any of them to the contrary therof: And the sayd Comissioners or as many of them as shall be appointed by the sayd Comission, and none other, for the Execucion of the said C5mission and Acte, shall for the Taxacion of the sayd first payment of the sayd Subsidie, before the tenth (') of September next coming; And for the Taxacion of the second payment of the sayd Subsidie before the tenth day of March next cdming, by vertue of the Comission delivered unto them in forme abovesaid, direct their severall or joynt pcept or pceptf unto eight seven sixe five foure three or two, as for the nomber of the Inhabitantf shall be requisite, of the most substantiall discreete and honest psons Inhabitantf, to be named by the sayd Comissioners or by as many of them as shall be appointed by the sayd Comission, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Wards Parishes Townes and other Places, aswell within Libties Francheses ancient Demesne Placf exempted and Sanctuaries as without, within the Limittf of the Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughes and Isle aforesaid, and other Places within the Limittf of their Comission, and to the Constables Subconstables Bayliffes and other like Officers and Ministers of every of the sayd Hundreds Townes Wardes Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and other Places aforesaid, as to the sayd Comissioners and ePy nomber of them, or unto three or two of them by their discrecion in division, shall seeme expedient, as by the maner and use of those parts shall be requisite; Straightly by the sayd Precept charging and comaunding the sayd Inhabitantf Constables and other Officers aforesaid, to whome such pcept shall be so directed, to appeare in their pper persons before the sayd Comissioners or such nomber of them as they shall devide themselves, according to the tenor of the said Comission, at ftaine Dayes and Places by the sayd C5missioners or any nomber of them as is aforesaid, within Cities Boroughes or Townes Corporate or without, in any other Places as is aforesaid, by their discrecion shall be limitted therunto, to doe and accomplish all that to them on the [one *] part of the Kings Majestie shall be enjoyned touching this Acte; Comaunding further by the same Precept, that he to whose Hands such Precept shall come, shall shew and deliver the same to the other Inhabitantf or Officers named in the same Precept ; And that none of them faile to accomplish the same, upon paine of Forty Shillinges to be forfeited to the Kings Majestie.

And it is further ordeined by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That at the said day and place pfixed and limitted in the sayd Precept, e9y of the sayd Comissioners then being in the Shire, and having no sufficient excuse for his absence, at the day and place pfixed for that part whereunto he was limitted, shall appeare in his pper pson, and there the same Comissioners being psent, or as many of them as shall be appointed by the Kings Majesties Comission, shall call or cause to be called before them, the sayd Inhitantf and Officers to whome they have directed their said Preceptf, and which had in Comaundement there to appeare by vertue of the sayd Precept; And if any pson so warned make default, unlesse he then be letted by sicknesse or lawfull excuse, and that let then be witnessed by the Oathes of two credible psons, Or if any appearing refuse to serve in forme following,

then every such pson so making default or refusing to serve, shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie Forty Shillingf;

and so at everie time appointed by the sayd Comissioners for the same Taxacions, untill such time the nomber of e9y such psons have appeared and Ptified in forme underwritten, every of them so making default or refusing to serve, shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie Forty Shillingf: And upon the same Appearance had, they shall be charged before the Comissioners by all convenient waies and meanes, (other then by Corporall Oath,) to enquire of the best and most value of the Substance of ePy pson dwelling and abiding within the limittf of the Places that they

shall be charged with, and of other which shall have his or their most resort unto any of the said Places, and

chargeable with any some of Mony by this Acte of the said Subsidie, and of all other Things requisite touching the said Acte, and according to the intent of the same; and thereupon as neare as it may be or shall come to

Commissioners may divide, and act in their separate Districts j

Commissioners shall be Residents.

IX. Commissioners shall act without Favour, See.;

and shall at certain Periods in the Year summon Inhabitants Constables, ice. to attend Meetings for putting this Act in Execution.

X.

Inhabitants and Officers summoned shall appear before Commissioners, on Penalty of 40s. and be charged to inquire and certify the Value of all Property, rateable to the said Subsidy; on Penalty of rf’j. ire.

* day 0.

■ O. omits.


1192

7° Jac. I. c. 23.

A.D. 1609-10*

Charge of the Commissioners to «uch Inquirers t

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificates, by such Inquirers;

Penalty of 40s. on Non-appearance or Refusal to certify;

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments;

Summoning Parties under-rated j

to be examined, but not on Oath

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double;

Parties appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath;

their knowledge, without respect of any former Taxacion heretofore had, truly to f?sent and 9tifie before the sayd Comissioners the names and surnames and the best and uttermost Substance and Values of every [of every * ] of them, as well of Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf Possessions and Proffittf as of Goods Chattellf Debts and other Things chargeable by the same Acte, without any Concealment Love Favour Affeccion Dread or Malice,

upon paine of forfeiture of Five Pounds or more, to be taxed exacted and levied in forme as hereafter in this

p>sent Acte shall be limitted or appointed: And thereupon the sayd Comissioners shall openly there reade or cause to be read unto them the sayd Rates, in this Acte mencioned, and openly declare the effect of their Charge unto them, in what maner and forme they ought and should make their Certificate, according to the Rates and Somes thereof abovesaid, and of all maner psons, as well of Aliens and Strangers, Denizens or not Denizens, inhabiting within this Realme, as of such psons as be borne under the Kings Obeysance chargeable to this Act, and of the Possessions Goods and Chattellf of Fraternities Guilds Corporacbns Brotherhoodf Misteries Cominalties and other as is abovesaid, and of psons being in the parts beyond the Seas, having Goods and Chattellf Lands

or Tenementf within this Realme as is aforesaid, and of all Goods beeing in the custody of any pson or psons, to the

use of any other as is abovesaid; by the which informacion and shewing, the sayd psons should have such plaine knowledge of the true intent of this p'sent Acte and of the maner of their Certificate, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance: And after such Charge and the Statute of the said Subsidy, and the maner of the sayd Certificate to bee made in writing, conteyning the names and surnames of every person, and whether he be borne without the Kings Obeysance or within, and the best value of e^y pson in every degree, as well of the yearly value of Lands and Tenementf and of such like Possessions and Pffittf as of the value of Goods and Chattellf Debts and ev*y thing to their Certificate requisite and necessary to them declared, the sayd Comissioners there being, shall by their discrecions appoint and limitt unto the sayd persons, an other day and place to appeare before the sayd Comissioners, and charging the sayd psons that they in the meane time shall make dilligent enquirie by all wayes and meanes of the pmisses, and then and there every of them, upon paine of forfeiture of Forty shillinges to the Kings Majestie, to appeare at the sayd new pfixed day and place, there to ftifie unto the sayd Comissioners in Writing according to theire sayd Charge, and according to the true intent of the sayd Grant of Subsidie, and as to them in maner aforesaid hath bene declared and shewed by the Comissioners: At which Day and Place so to them pfixed, if any of the sayd psons make default, or appeare and refuse to make the said Certificate, that then ePy of them so offending to forfeite to the Kings Majestie Fortie shillingf, (Except there be a reasonable excuse of his default by reason of sicknesse or otherwise, by the Oathes of two credible psons there witnessed); and of such as appeare ready to make Silicate as is aforesaid, the sayd Comissioners there being, shall take and receive the said Certificate and ev*y parte thereof, and the Names Values and Substance of every pson so Sified : And yf the sayd Comissioners see cause reasonable, they shall examine the saide Presenters thereof, and therupon the said Comissioners at the said Daves and Place, by their Agreement amongest themselves, shall from time to time there openly pfixe a Day at a etaine Place or Places within the Limittf of their Comission by their discrecion, for their further pceeding to the said assessing of the same Subsidie: And thereupon at the sayd Day of the sayd Stificate as it is aforesaid taken, the same Comissioners shall make their Precept or Preceptf to the Constables Subconstables Baylifff or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Places aforesaid as the same Comissioners shall be of, comprising and conteining in the said Preceptf the Names and Surnames of all psons psented before them in the sayd Certificate, of whome if the sayd Comissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Kings Comission shall then have vehement suspect to bee of more greater value or substance in Lands Goods Chattellf or somes of Money owing to them, or other substance aforesaid, then upon such pson or psons so citified and specified as aforesaid, the same Comissioners shall make their pcept or p>ceptf directed to the Constable Baylifff or other Officers, comaunding the sayd Constable Baylifff or other Officers to whom such Pceptf shall be directed, to warne such psons whose names shall be comprised in the said Preceptf at their Mansions, or to their psons, that the same psons named in suche pceptf, and everie of them, shall psonally appeare before the said Comissioners at the said new pfixed day and place, there to be examined by all wayes and meanes, (other then by Corporall Oathe,) by the said Comissioners, of their greatest Substance, best Value, and of all and every somes of Money owing to them, and other whatsoever matter conSning the pmisses or any of them according to this Act; At which Day and Place so pfixed the sayd Comissioners then and there being, or as many of them as shall be therunto appointed by the Kings Comission, shall cause to be called the sayd psons whose Names shall be comprised in the sayd Precept as is aforesayd, for their Examinacion; And if any of those psons which shall be warned as is aforesaid to be examined, which at any tyme after the warning and before the pfixed Day shall be within such Place as he may have knowledge of his said Appearance to be made, make default and appeare not, unlesse a reasonable cause or else a reasonable excuse by the Oathes of two credible psons before the sayd Comissioners shall be truly alleaged for his discharge, that then every of them so making default, to be taxed and charged to the Kings Majestie with and at the double some of the Rate that he should or ought to have bene set at, for and after the best value of his Land or Substance upon him edified yf he had appeared, by the discrecion of the Comissioners there being: Which Comissioners shall travaile with e9y of the other psons so then and there appearing, whose Names shall be expressed in the sayd Precept or pceptf, and in whome any vehement suspect was or shall be had in forme aforesaid, by all such wayes and meanes as they can, (other then by Corporall Oath,) for the better knowledge of their best value, either in Hereditamentf or Possessions, or else in Goods or Debts, and thereupon shall have power and authoritie by vertue of this Act according to their discrecions to enlarge and encrease the Taxacbn of such psons as they shall so finde by due examinacion to be of greater value or

1 An erroneous Repetition on the Roll.—O. omits.

S*

rf*

»>

I*

ltd

2'



:■

1O1

a

n

«<

ik

a

s

ii

4

d

11

i

a

a

i

t

k

4

1

i

i

1

1

I

I


.£.1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 23.

1193

substance in Lan'\ or Goods then they were psented at: And that ePy Spirituall pson at epy of the sayd Taxacions of the sayd Subsidie, shall be rated and set, according to the Rate abovesaid, of and for every pound that the same Spirituall pson or any other to his use, hath by Discent Bargaine or Purchase, in Fee Simple Fee Taile terme of Life terme of Yeares, by Execucion by Wardshippe or by Coppy of Court Rolle, in any Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Services Offices Fees Corrodies Anuities or Hereditamentf, after the true just and yerely value therof, and according as other the Kings Majesties Subjects borne within this Realme be charged, in forme above remembred, so that it extend to the yearely value of Twenty shillingf or above.

And it is further enacted, That if the said Taxors or Assessors shall [shall' 1 not duely behave themselves in their Inquiry Taxacion Assessment or Certificate, but shall affectionately corruptly or partially demesne themselves in that behalfe, in such wise that the Comissioners shall by their Consideracions deeme them Offendors worthie of punishment for not doing their Duties therein. That then foure or more of the Comissioners in that Countie for the same Subsidie, shall have power and authoritie by their discrecion, either to charge the said Assessors upon their corporall Oathes for the better service aforesaid in that behalfe, or else by their discrecions to taxe and set upon ev*y of the said Assessors for their Misdemeanors in that behalfe, such a Fine or Paine as they shall thinke good, so that it exceede not the some of Ten Pounds ; And the same Fine or Paine at their discrecions to estreat into the Court of Exchequer; Every which Fine so taxed and set by Foure of the said Comissioners or more, and being estreated with the Schedule and Bookes of that limitt, shall be levied and aunswered to the Kings use, in like manner and forme to all intentf and purposes as any other somes that shall be taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute and Act of Subsidie, and not in any other wise or maner: And if any person edified or rated by vertue of this Acte, whether he be a Cdmissioner or other, to any maner of value, doth finde himselfe greived with the same psentment sessing or rating, and thereupon complaine to the Comissioners before whome he shall be called sessed or taxed, or before two of them, before the same Taxacion be c?tified into the Court of Exchequer, That then the said Comissioners, or two of them, shall by all wayes and nieanes, examine particularly and distinctly the pson so complayning, upon his Oath, and other his Neighbors by their discrecions, of every his Lands and Tenementf above specified, and of ePy his Goods Chattellf and Debts above mencioned ; And after due examinacion and perfect knowledge thereof had and pceived by the sayd C5missioners or two of them, which shall have power by Authoritie aforesaid, the sayd Comissioners, or two of them to whome any such Complaint shall be made, by their discrecion upon the Oath of the said pson so complayning, may abate defalke increase or inlarge the sayd Assessementf according as it shall appeare unto them just upon the same Examinacion; And the same some so abated defalked increased or enlarged, shall be by them estreated in forme as herafter insueth: And if it be proved by witnesse or by the parties owne Confession, or other lawfull wayes or means, within a yeare after any such Oath made, that the same pson so rated and sworne was of any better or greater value in Lands Goods or other Things above specified at the time of his sayd Oath, then the same pson so sworne did declare upon his sayd Oath, That then every such pson so offending shall lose and forfeite to the Kings Majestie so much lawfull Money of England as the same pson so sworne was set or taxed to pay.

And also it is enacted by the same Authoritie, That every pson to be rated and taxed as is aforesayd, shall be rated and set, and the some on him set, to be levied at such place where he and his familie were resident for the most part of the yeere next before the same resentment and Taxacion made, and no where else: And that no Comissioner for this Subsidie shall be rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other Place where he shall be Comissioner; And that if any pson chargeable to this Act, at the time of the same Assessing happen to be out of this Realme and out of Wales, or farre from the place where he shall be knowen, then he to be set where he was last abiding in this Realme or within Wales, and after the Substance Value and other Proffittf of every pson to be knowen by the Examinacion ?rificate or other maner of wayes as is aforesayd; And that the sayd Comissioners or as many of them as shall be appointed by the Kings Majesties Comission or Cdmissions, shall, after the Rate and Rates aforesaid, cause ePy pson so to be set rated and taxed according to the Rate of the Substance and Value of his Lands Goods Chattellf and other his Pffittf chargeable by this Act, wherby the greatest or most beste some or somes according to his most substance by reason of this Act might or may be set or taxed:

And that every pson taxed in any County or Place, other then where he and his family were resiant for the

most part of the yeere then next before, or in any County or Place other then where he is a Comissioner for the Subsidie, if he be a Comissioner, upon Certificate made to the sayd Court of Exchequer under the Hands and Seales of two Comissioners for the same Subsidie in the same County or Place, where such pson and his family were resiant for the most part of the yeare then next before, or where he is a Comissioner for the Taxacion and Payment of the same Subsidie, testifying such his most Resiancy, having a Family, or being a Comissioner, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Taxacion of that pson in all other places, and of and for all other somes

of Money upon such psons so set and taxed, save onely the Taxacions made in that County or Place from

which such c?tificate shall be made as is aforesaid, and for the some of Money upon such pson there assessed or taxed; And that such Certificate, without any Plea or other Circumstance, shall be a sufficient Warrant as well to the Barons and Auditor and Auditors of the sayd Court of Exchequer, as to all and every other Officers to whome the Allowance thereof shall appertaine, paying for such Discharge and Allowance onely Six pence and no more.

1 An erroneous Repetition on the Roll.—O. omits.

Rating Spiritual Persons for their Lay Possessions.

XI.

Commissioners may 6ne Assessors for Neglect, See. not exceedings£io,&c.

Commissioners, on Complaint, on Oath of Parties,See. may decrease or increase Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

XII.

Parties shall be rated where dwelling, Ice.

Commissioners, within Shires;

Absentees, where last abiding;

according to the highest Kate, Stc.

Relief against Double Charges.


14 A

e

1194

7° Jac. I. c. 23

A.D. 1609-10.

XIII. Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated For Personalty, See.

None shall be doubly charged.

XIV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, fire. Double Rate.

XV.

Commissioners shall assess themselves and the Assessors.

XVI.

Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, fitc.

XVII.

After Assessment, Estreats shall he delivered by the Commissioners to Officers, who shall levy the Sums assessed by Distress, fitc. and pay the same in their several Districts to the High Collectors.

Provided allwaies. That ev'y such pson which shall be rated or taxed according to the intent and true meaning of this Act, for payment of and to this Subsidie, for and after the yearely value of his Lands Tenement f and other Reall Possessions or Proffittf at any of the sayd Taxacions, shall not after be set and rated for his Goods and Chattellf or other moveable Substance at the same Taxacion; and that he that shall be set charged or taxed for the same Subsidie for his Goods Chattellf and other Moveables at any of the sayd Taxacions according to the true meaning of this Act, shall not after be charged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Pffittf abovesaid, at the same Taxacions or any of them; Nor that any pson by any Taxacion be double charged for the sayd Subsidie, nor set or taxed at severall Placf by reason of this Act; But if any pson happen to be double set taxed or charged either in one place or at severall places, then he to be discharged of the one Taxacion and charged with the other, according to the meaning and intent of this Act; Any thing conteyned in this p>sent Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And that it be ordeined and enacted by the sayd Authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That no pson having two Mansions or two Places to resort unto, or calling himselfe Houshould Servant or wayting Servant to the Kings Majestie or other Lord or Lady Master or Mistresse, be excused upon his saying from the Taxes of the sayd Subsidie in neither of the Placf where he may be set or taxed, unlesse he bring a Certificate in writing from the Comissioners where he is so set or taxed indeede at one Place; And if any pson that ought to be set and taxed to this p'sent Subsidie by reason of his removing or resorting to two placf, or by reason of his saying that he elswhere was taxed, or by reason of any priviledge, of his dwelling or abiding in any place not being foreprized in this Act, or otherwise by his Covin or Craft, or by any Words or Sayings or otherwise, Or if any that is a Comissioner or Assessour of others, happen to escape from the sayd Taxacions for the payment of this Subsidie, and be not set and taxed according to the true intent of this Act, and that proved by Presentment Examinacion Informacion or otherwise before the sayd Comissioners or two of them, or before the Barons of the Kings Majesties Exchequer or two Justices of the Peace of the Countie where such pson dwelleth j Then ev'y such person that, by such meanes or otherwise, willingly by Covine or without just cause, shall happen to escape from the sayd Taxacions or Paymentf aforesaide or any of them, and shall not be rated taxed and set, shall be charged upon the knowledge and proofe thereof, with and at the double value of so much as he should might or ought to have bene set and taxed at by vertue of this Acte ; And the same double value to be levied gathered and paid of his Goods and Chattellf Lands and Tenementf towards the sayd Subsidie, and further to bee punished according to the discrecion of the Barons Justicf and Comissioners before whome he shall be convicted for his Offence and Deceit in that behalfe.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesayd. That the sayd Comissioners in every Comission which shall be or inhabite in any County or Place within the Limittf of their Comission, or the more part of them, shall have full Power and Authoritie by this Act to set taxe and sesse every other Comissioner joyned with them in every such Comission, and the sayd Comissioners within their Division shall also assesse every such Assessour within their Division for his or their Goods Lands and other the p'misses as is abovesaid; By the which sayd Comission the said Comissioners to whome it shall appertaine, shall indifferently set taxe and assesse themselves and the said Assessors ; and that aswell the somes upon ev'y of the said Comissioners and Assessors so sessed rated and taxed, as the somes made and p>sented by the Presenters as is aforesaid, shall be written Stifled set and estreated, and the Estreatf thereof to be made, with other the inhabitantf of that part, and within the Limittf of the same Comission and Division so to be gathered and levied, in like maner as it ought or should have bene, if the said Comissioners had not bene in the said Comission.

And that all persons of the Estate of a Baron or Barons, and every Estate above, shall be charged with their Freehold and Value as is aforesaid, by the Chauncellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale of England, the High Treasurer of England for the time being, or one of them, together with other such psons as by the Kings Majesties Authoritie or Comaundement shall be named and appointed, and they to be charged for the said severall paymentf of the said Subsidie after the forme of the sayd Grant, according to the Taxacion aforesaid ; And the some of and upon them to be taxed and set, with the Names of the Collectors appointed for the gathering and paying of the same, to be estreated delivered and <?tified at Dayes and Places above specified by the Lord Chauncellor or Keeper of the Great Seale and Lord Treasurer or one of them, together with other such persons as thereunto shall be named as is aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That after the Taxes and Assesses of the said s5mes upon and by the sayd Assessing and c?tificate as is aforesaid made, the said Comissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed, and have Authoritie by the Kings Majesties Comission, shall with all speede and without delay, by their Writing, estreat the said Taxes thereof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the said Comissioners or as many of them as shall be appointed at the least; And the same shall deliver unto sufficient and substantiall inhabitantf Constables Subconstables Baylifif and other Officers joyntly, of Hundreds Townes Parishes and other Places aforesaid within their Limittf, and to other sufficient persons inhabitantf of the same, only by the discrecion of the said Comissioners with the Assent of the Hie Collector, and as the place and parties shall require, as well the particuler Names and Surnames as the Remembrance of all somes of Mony taxed and set of and upon ePy pson aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Acte, Houshoulders and all others inhabitantf and Dwellers within the said Parishes Townes and Places contributory to this Acte of Subadie


A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 23.

1195

By Authority of which Writing and Estreat so delivered, the sayd Officers and, other persons so named and deputed, severally shall have full Power and Authoritie by vertue of this Acte, imediately after the delivery of the sayd Writing or Estreate, to demaund levy and gather of every person therein specified the some and somes in the same Writing or Estreat comprised; And for non payment thereof to distreyne the same person or persons so being behinde, by their Goods and Chattellf, and the Distresse so taken to keepe by the space of eight dayes, at the Costes and Charges of the Owner thereof; And if the sayd Owner do not pay such s5me of Money as shall be taxed by Authoritie of this Acte within the same Eyght dayes, then the same Distresse to be appraised by Foure or Three or Two of the Inhabitantf where such Distresse is taken, and also then to be solde by the Constable or other Collector for the payment of the sayd Money, and the Overplus coming of the sale and keeping thereof (if any be) to be imediately restored to the Owner of the same Distresse; which sayd Officers and other psons so deputed to aske take gather and levy the sayd somes, shall aunswere and be charged for the portion onely to them assigned and litnitted, to be gathered levied and comprised in the sayd Writing or Estreat so to them as is aforesaid delivered, to the use of our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie and his Heires and Successors; And the sayd s5me in that Writing or Estreat comprised, to pay unto the High Collector or Collectors of that place for the Colleccion of the same, in maner and forme underwritten therunto to be named and deputed ; and the same Inhabitantf and Officers so gathering the same particular Somes, for their Colleccion thereof, shall retaine for every Twenty Shillings so by them received and payed, Two pence; and that to be allowed at the payment of their Colleccion by them to be made to the High Collector or Collectors.

And further be it enacted by the said Authoritie, That the sayd Comissioners, or the more part of them as shall take upon them the Execucftn and Businesse of the said Comission, shall for every of the sayd Paymentf of the shall appoint sayd Subsidies, name such sufficient and able psons which then shall have and possesse Lands and other Hereditamentf in their owne Right of the cleare yearly value of forty pounds, or Goods to the value of foure hundred pounds at Sum» so levied, the least, as he shall be taxed in the Subsidie Booke, if any such be in the sayd limittf, and for want of such so assessed, then those to be appointed Collectors that then shall be sufficient, and rated and taxed in the Subsidie Books in Lands or Goods neerest to the values aforesaid, as by their discrecions shalbe thought good, in Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakf Rapes Cities Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places, as well within places priviledged as without, not being foreprised within this Act, to be Hie Collectors and to have the Colleccion and Receit of the said somes set and leviable within the p>cinct Limittf and Boundf where they shall be so limitted and appointed to be Hie Collectors ; And to every of the said Collectors so severally named, the sayd Comissioners, or two of them at the least, with all speed and without delay, after the said whole some of any payment of the sayd Subsidie be set by all the limittf of the same their Comission, or in such limittf as the High Collectors shall be so severally assigned, shall under their Seales and Signe Manuell deliver one Estreate indented in Parchement, comprising in it the Names of all such persons as were assigned to levy the said pticuler somes, and the somes of every Hundred Wapentake Towne or other Place aforesaid, with the Names and Surnames of the psons so chargeable, according to the Estreate so thereof first made and delivered as' is aforesaid: And the Collectors to be assigned shall be charged to aunswere the whole some comprised in the said Estreat limitted to his Colleccion as is aforesaid.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That the said Comissioners having authoritie High Collectors by this Act to name and nominate the same High Collectors of the sayd Subsidy, shall ymediatly upon their shall enter into Nominacion and Eleccion, take by Authoritie of this psent Parliament, sufficient Recognizances or Obligacions, M^S^nVreessed without any Fee or Reward to be payd therefore, of every person so by them to be named to be High Collectors °yrtt.^™’ *° ^ to be bound to the Kings Majestie in the double some of the some of his Colleccion, and to bee indorsed and made Exchequer by the upon such Condidon, That is to say; For the Colleccion of the sayd first payment of the sayd Subsidie, That if Comm"oner'* the said Collector his Heires or Executors doe truly content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors in the Receit of the sayd Exchequer, at or before the first day of November next ensuing, so much of the sayd some of Mony allotted and appointed to his Colleccion, as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Colleccion and Charge within one Moneth next after such time as he hath collected and gathered the same Residue, That then the sayd Recognizances or Obligacions to be voyd, or else to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Colleccion of the sayd second payment of the said Subsidie, upon condicion that if the sayd Collector or his Heires or Executors doe truly content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, in his Receit of the Exchequer, at or before the first day of May which shalbe in the yeere of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundred and eleven, so much of the sayd some of Mony allotted and appointed to his Colleccion, as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Colleccion and Charge, within one Moneth next after such tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the sayd Recognizancf or Obligacions to be void, or else to stand in full force strength and vertue: Which said severall Recognizancf or Obligacions so taken, the said Comissioners shall severally &ifie Penalty on Neglect and deliver into the Kings Majesties Exchequer, with the severall Certificates of the sayd Taxacions and Rates of

the payment of the sayd Subsidie, at and by the time to them p>scribed and appointed by this Act for the c?tificate Recognizance,/fjo. of the sayd severall Taxacions of the sayd Subsidie ; upon paine of Forfeiture of Ten Pounds to the Kings Majestie for e9y such Recognizance or Obligacion not so Sifted; And that ePy such Collector so elected named and chosen, upon request to him made, shall knowledge and make the said Recognizance or Obligacion, upon payne and forfeiture of Twenty pounds to the Kings Majestie for the refusall thereof; And that the Tresurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the time being, upon payment of the said severall Colleccions of the sayd Subsidie at the dayes and times


1196

7° Jac. I. c. 23

A.D. 1609-10.

High Collectors shall call on Constables, &c. to pay Money levied, allowing them ad. per Pound.

On Failure, Constables, &c. may be distrained.

heerin limitted for the payment thereof, shall cancell and deliver the Recognizances or Obligacions for the payment thereof to'the Collector or Collectors, without any other Warrant, and without any Fee or Reward to be paid for the same to any person: And every Collector so deputed, having the sayd Estreat in Parchement as is aforesaid, shall have Authoritie by this Act, to appoint dayes and Places within the Circuit of his Colleccion for payment of the sayd Subsidie to him to be made, and thereof to give warning by Proclamacion or otherwise, to all the Constables or other persons or Inhabitantf havinge the Charge of the perticuler Colleccion within the Hundreds Parishes Townes or other Places by him or them limitted, to make payment for the sayd pticuler Colleccion of every some as to them shall appertaine; And if at the same day and place so limitted and pfixed by the said Hie Collector, the said Constable Officers or other Psons or Inhabitantf as is aforesaid, for the sayd pticuler Colleccion assigned and appointed within such Hundred City Towne or other Place, doe not pay unto the sayd High Collectors the some within their severall Hundreds Townes Parishes and other Places, due and comprised in the sayd Estreat therof to them delivered by the sayd Comissioners or some of them as is aforesaid, or so much thereof as they have by any meanes received, (Two pence for every pound for the sayd pticuler Colleccion as is aforesaid alwayes thereof to be allowed excepted and abated,) And then it shall be lawfull to the sayd High Collectors and every of them and to their Assignes, to distreine every of the said Constables Officers and other Inhabitantf, for their said severall and pdcular Colleccion of the sayd somes comprised in the sayd Estreat and Writing thereof, to them and everie of them as is before expressed delivered, or for so much of the same some as so then shall happen to be gathered and levied and behinde and unpaide, by the Goods and Chattellf of every of them so being behinde ; And the Distresse so taken to be kept and appraised and sold as is aforesayd, and thereof to take and leavy the somes so then being behinde and unpayd; And the overplus coming of the sale of the sayd Distresse (if any be) to be restored and delivered unto the Owner in forme above remembred.

XX. Collectors of the first Payment shall not be named Collectors of the Second, without producing their Quietus for the First.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesayd, That no pson or psons shall be nominated or appointed to be a Hie Collector or Collectors for the second payment of the said Subsidie graunted by this Acte, which before that tyme hath bene a Collector or Collectors for the first payment of any part of the same Subsidie, or Collector of the sayd Fifteenth or Tenth unlesse such pson or psons so to be nominated and appointed High Collector or Collectors for the said second payment, doe first shew forth before him or them by whome he shall be nominated and appointed, his Quietus est for the discharge of his Colleccion before appointed to his Charge, uppon payne of One Hundred Pounds to be paid and forfeited by him or them that so shall nominate and appoint any such Collector contrary to this psent Act.

XXI.

Assessors and

Collectors shall be Inhabitants.

Provided alwayes, That no person inhabiting in any Citie Burroughe or Towne Corporate, shall be compelled to be any Assessour or Collector, of or for any part of the said Subsidie, in any Place or Places out of the sayd Citie Boroughe or Towne Corporate where he dwelleth.

0

i*

it

r

■kfc

0

.Ik

it

■0

d

10

mi


ik

ib

d

aa

rib

a

sri

it

d

mi

mi


a

XXII. IncaseofDeath,&c. of Collectors, or of Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming. HighCollectors,&c. shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.

And it is also by the sayd Authoritie enacted, That if any Inhabitantf or Officers, or whatsoever person or persons charged to and for the Colleccion and Receipt of any part or portion of the sayd Subsidie by any maner of meanes according to this Acte, or any pson or psons, for themselves or as Keep Gardian Deputie Factor or Attorney of or for any other person or persons, for any Goods or Chattellf of the Owner thereof, at the tyme of the sayd Assessing to be payed, being out of this Realme or in any other parts not knowne, or of and for the Goods and Chattellf of any other pson or psons, of any Corporacion Fratemitie Misterie or other whatsoever Cominalty, being Corporate or not Corporate, and all persons having in their Rule Governance and Custodie, any Goods or Chattellf at the tyme of the said Assessing, or any of them to be made, Or which for any Cause for and by Colleccion, or for himselfe or for any other, or by reason that he hath the Rule Governance or Custodie of any Goods or Chattellf of any other pson or psons, Corporacion Comunaltie Fratemitie Guild or Misterie, or any such other like, or as Factor Deputy or Attoumey of or for any person, shall be taxed valued rated and set to any some or somes by reason of this Act, and after the taxacion and assessing upon any such pson or psons as shall be charged with the Receit of the same, happen to die, or depart from the Place where he was so taxed and set, or his Goods and Chattellf bee so eloyned or in such privy or covert maner kept, as the sayd pson or psons charged with the same, by Estreatf or other Writings from the sayd Comissioners, or as many of them as shall be therunto appointed by the sayd Comission as is aforesayd, can ne may levie the same some or somes comprised within the same Estreatf, by Distresse within the Limittf of their Collection as is aforesaid, or cannot sell such Distresse or Distresses as to be taken for any the said paymentf, before the tyme limitted to the High Collector for his payment to be made in the Kings Majesties Receit, then upon relation therof with due Examinacion by the Oathe or Examinacion of such pson or psons as shall be charged with and for the Receit and Colleccion of the same, before the sayd Comissioners, or as many of them as by the sayd Comission shall be thereunto appointed, where such person or persons or other as is aforesaid their Goods and Chattellf were set and taxed, and upon plaine Certificate thereof made into the Kings Majesties Exchequer by the same Comissioners, aswell of the Dwelling Place Names and Somes of the said psons of whome the same Somes cannot be levied and had as is aforesaid, then aswell the Constable and other Inhabitantf appointed foT the same pticuler Colleccion, against the High Collectors, as the High Collector upon his Accompt and Oath in the said Exchequer, to be discharged therof; and Processe to be made for the Kings Majestie out of the same Exchequer, by the discrecions of the Barons of the same Exchequer against such person, his Heires or Executors so being behinde with his payment: And over that, the same Comissioners

as

i<

ns

i

a

a


i

a

t

i

a

ri

a

I

i

i

1


J. £.1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 23.

1197

to whome any such Declaracion of the pmisses shall be made in forme aforesaid, from time to time shall have full Power and Authorise to direct their f?cept or f?ceptf to the said pson or psons charged with any some of for and upon any such person and persons or other as is aforesaid, or to any Shiriffe Steward Bayliffe or other whatsoever Officer Minister person or persons of such place or places where any such person or persons so owing any such some or s5mes, shall have Lands and Tenementf or other Hereditamentf or Reall Possessions Goods and Chattellf, whereby any such person or persons so indebted, his Heires Executors or Assignes or other having the Custody Governance or Disposicion of any Goods or Chattellf Lands Tenementf or other Hereditamentf, which ought or may by this Acte lawfully be distreined or taken for the same, hath and shall have Goods Chattellf Landes Tenementf or other Possessions, whereof such Some and Somes which by any such person or persons may or ought to be levied, be it within the Limittf of such Comission where such person or persons was or were taxed, or without, in any Place within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Majesties Dominions Marches or Territories; By which Precept aswell such person or persons shall bee charged to levie such Mony, as the Officer of the Place or Places where such Distresse may be taken, shall have full Power and Authoritie to distreine every such person indebted charged or chargeable by this Acte, or Executors or Administrators of his Goods and Chattellf, his Gardians Factors Deputies Leasees Farmors and Assignes, and all other persons by whose Hands or out of whose Lands any such person should have Fee Rent Aiiuitie or other Profit, or which at the time of the said assessing, shall have Goods or Chattellf or any other thing moveable of any such person or persons being indebted or owing such some; And the Distresses so taken, cause to be kept appraised and sold, in like maner and forme as is aforesaid for the Distresse to be taken upon such persons to be taxed to the sayd Subsidie, and being sufficient to distreine within the Limittf of the Collectors Inhabitantf or other Officers charged with or for the said somes so upon them to be taxed ; And if any such Distresse for non payment happen to be token out of the limittf of the sayd persons charged and assigned to levie the same persons so charged for the levying of any such somes by Distresse, shall pceive and take of the same Distresse, for the Labour of every such person going for the execudon thereof, for every Mile that any such person so laboureth for the same, Two pence ; And every Farmer Tenant Gardian Factor or other whatsoever pson, being distreined or otherwise charged for payment of any such s5me or somes, or any other some by reason of this Acte, shall bee of such some or somes, of him or them so levied and taken, discharged and acquited at his next day of Payment of the same, or at the delivery of such Goods and Chattellf as hee that is so distreined had in his Custody or Governance, against him or them that shall be so taxed and set ; Any Graunt or Writing Obligatory or other whatsoever Matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstanding : And if any such person that should be so distreined, have no Lands or Tenementf sufficient, whereby he and his Tenantf and Farmours may bee distreined, or have aliened eloyned or hid his Goods and Chattellf whereby he should or might be distreined, in such maner that such Goods and Chattellf should not be knowne or found, so that the some of or by him to bee payd in the sayd forme, shall not ne can be conveniently levyed. Then upon relacion thereof to the Comissioners or to as many of them as by the said C5mission shall be therunto appointed, where such pson or psons was taxed and set, by the Oathes of him or them that shall be charged with the

levying and payment of that s5me or s5mes. The same Comissioners shall make a precept in such maner as is

aforesaid, for to attach take and arrest the Body of such person or persons that ought to pay the sayd sdmes, and by this Acte shall be charged with and for the sayd some or somes; And them so taken safely to keepe in Prison within the Shire or other Place where any such person or persons shall bee taken and attached, there to remaine without Baile or Mainprise, untill he hath payed the sayd some or somes, that such person for himselfe or for any other by this Acte shall bee chargeable or ought to be charged withall, and also for the Fees of every such Arrest to him or them that shall execute such precept, Twenty pence; And that every Officer to whome such precept shall be directed, doe his true diligence and execute the same upon every person so being indebted, upon paine to forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every default in that behalf. Twenty Shillingf; And that no Keeper of any Gaole, from his Gaole suffer any such person to goe at large by letting to Baile, or otherwise to depart out of his Prison,

before he have payd his sayd Debt and the sayd Twenty pence for his said Arrest, upon paine to forfeit to

the Kings Majestie Fortie Shillingf, And the same Gaoler to pay to the Kings Majestie the double value, as well of the Rate which the sayd pson so imprisoned was taxed at, as of the sayd Twentie Pence for y* Fees: And like •Pcesse and Remedy in like forme shall be granted by the said Comissioners, or as many of them as by the sayd Comission shall be thereunto appointed, at like Informacion of every person or persons being charged with any sbme of Mony for any other pson or psons by reason of the said Subsidie, and not thereof payd, but willfully withdrawen, nor the same leviable within the Limittf where such persons were thereunto taxed : And if the sume or s5mes, being behinde unpaid by any person or persons as is aforesaid, be levied and gathered by force of the said Processe to be made by the said Comissioners, or if in default or for lacke of Payment thereof, the person or persons so owing the sayd Some or Somes of Mony, by Processe of the same Comissioners to be made as is aforesaid, be com it ted to Prison in forme abovesaid, That then the said Comissioners which shall award such Processe, shall make Certificate thereof in the said Exchequer of that shall be done in the phnisses, in the Terme next following after such some or somes of Money so being behinde shall be levied and gathered, or such person or persons for non payment of the same cdmitted to Prison : And if it happen any of the sayd Collectors to be assigned, or any Mayors Sheriffes Stewardf Constables the Headborough Burshoulder [Baylifff1] or any other Officer or Minister or other whatsoever person or psons, to disobey the sayd Comissioners or any of them, in the reasonable Request to them made by the sayd Comissioners for the execucion of the sayd Comission, Or if any of the Officers or other persons doe refuse that to them shall appertaine and belong to doe by reason of any precept to him or them to be directed, or any reasonable Comaundement Instance or Request touching the fPmisses, or other default in

• Bayliffe 0.

Vox.. IV. 14 B

Got

Commitiionen may iuue their Precepts to lery such Sum* by Dittre* on Farmer*, Leueet, See. of Partiet liable, who may retain the tame out of their Rent*, ire.

O* Failure of any inch Diitre*, Commissioner* may iuue Precept* to attich the Body of the Party liable, who shall be imprisoned until Payment;

Like Proceu against Person* chargeable for other*;

Certificate of all •uch Proceu into the Exchequer;

Collector* and Officer* disobeying Commissioners, Persons refuting to appear or to be examined, or being

may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

1198

7° Jac. I. c. 23.

A.D. 1609-10.

lH

XXIII. Allowance to High Collector*, 6d. in the found, for themselve*. Under Collector*, and Commissioner*.

XXIV. Members of Parliament, Commissioners, tcc. tball not be Collector*, Sec.

Collector* shall not pay Feet at the exchequer.

XXV.

After Assessment, 8rc. Commissioner* shall meet and certify their acreral Assessments, with the Name* of Collectors,

Fines, tcc.

any Appearance or Colleccion to make, or if any person, being suspected not to be indifferently taxed as is aforesaid, doe refuse to be examined according to the tenor of this Acte before the sayd Comissioners, or as many of them as shall be thereunto assigned as is aforesaid, or will not appeare before the same Comissioners upon warning to him made, or else make Resistance or Rescues upon any Distresse upon him to be taken for any parcellf of the said Subsidie, or comitt any Misbehavior in any maner of wise contrary to this Act, or comitt any wilfiill Omission or other whatsoever wilfull doing or misdoing, contrary to the tenor of this Acte or Graunt; the same Comissioners and every nomber of them above remembred, or two of them at the least, upon probable knowledge of any such Misdeameanors had by Informacion or Examinacion, shall and may set upon every such Offendor for every such Offence, in the Name of a Fyne by the same Offendor to be forfeited, Forty Shillingf or under, by discrecion of the same Comissioners; And further, the same Comissioners, and every nomber of them or two of them at the least, shall have authoritie by this p'sent Acte, to punish every such Offendor by imprisonment, there to remaine and to be delivered by their discrecion as shall seeme to them convenient; the sayd Fynes, if any such be, to be Stifled by the sayd Comissioners that so assessed the same, into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer, there to be levied and payd by the Collectors of that part of the sayd [Subsidie' retomed into the sayd Exchequer, to be therewith charged with the payment of the sayd Subsidie, in such maner as if the sayd Fynes had bene set and taxed upon the said Offendors for the sayd Subsidie.

And it is also enacted by the said Authoritie of this present Parliament, That every of the sayd High Collectors which shall account for any part of the sayd Subsidie in the said Exchequer, upon their severall Accounts to be yeelded, shall be allowed at every of the said Paymentf of the sayd Subsidie, for every pound iimitted to his Colleccion whereof any such Collector shall be charged and yeeld Account, Sixe pence, as parcell of their Charge ; that is to say, of every pound thereof for such persons as then have had the particuler Colleccion of the Townes and other Places as is aforesaid specified in his Colleccion, two pence, and other two pence of every pound thereof, every of the said Cheif Collectors or their Accomptantf to retaine for their owne use for their Labour and Charge in and about the pmisses; and two pence of every pound residue, to be delivered allowed and payd by the said Collector so being therof allowed, to such of the Comissioners as shall take upon them the businesse and labour for and about the pmisses; that is to say. Every Collector to pay that Comissioner or Comissioners which had the ordering of the Writings of and for ev*y of the sayd Subsidies where the said Collector or Collectors had their Colleccion, for the expencf for the said Comissioners, so taking upon them the said businesse, and labour of their Clerkf writing of the said Preceptf and Ext*ctf of the said Colleccion; the same last Two pence of every pound, to be devided among the said Cdmissioners, having Regard to their labour and businesse taken by them and their said Clarkes in and about the p>misses; for which part so to the said Comissioners appertayning, the sayd Comissioners, sixe five foure three or two or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Kings Majesties Cdmission, and every of them, joyntly and severally for his and their said part, may have his Remedy against the Collector or Collectors which thereof been or might have been allowed, by Action of Debt, in which the Defendant shall not wage his Law, neither Proteccion neither Injunccion or Essoine shall be allowed.

And that no pson now being of the nomber of the Company of this psent Parliament, nor any Comissioner, shall be named or assigned to be a Collector of the sayd Fifteenth and Tenth, or any part thereof, nor Collector or Subcollector or Presenter of the said Subsidie, or of any part thereof; nor any Cdmissioners shall be compelled to make any Presentement or Certificate, other then into the Kings Majesties sayd Exchequer, of for or concerning the said Subsidies or any part or pcell thereof; and likewise that no other pson that shall be named or assigned to be Comissioner in any Place to and for the execucion of this Acte of Subsidie, be or shall be assigned or named Head Collector of any of the Paymentf of the sayd Subsidie, neither of anye part thereof; And that every such person or psons which shall be named and appointed as is aforesaid, to be Head Collectors of and for the first Payment of the said Subsidie, or of any part therof, shall not be compelled to be Collector for the payment of the second payment of the said Subsidie, nor of any part thereof; And the said Collectors which shall be assigned for the Colleccion of the sayd Subsidie, or of any part thereof, and every of them, be and shall be acquited and discharged of all maner Fees and Rewardf and of every other Charges in the Kings Majesties Exchequer or elsewhere, of them or any of them, by reason of that Colleccion Payment or Account or any thing conc?ning the same to be asked; And y' yf any pson receive or take any Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of any such Accomptantf, or use any unnecessarie delay in their Account, that then he shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every peny or value of everie peny or penyworth so taken, Five shillingf, and Five pounds to the party greived for every such delay, and suffer Imprisonment at the Kings Majesties Pleasure.

And after every taxing and assessing of the sayd Subsidie as is aforesaid had or made, and the said Ext*ctf thereof in parchement, unto the Collector in maner and forme before rehearsed delivered. The said Comissioners which shall take upon them the execucion of this Acte within the Limittf of their Cdmission, by their Agreement shall have Meedngf together, at which Meetingf everie of the said Comissioners which then shall have taken upon them the Execucion of any part of the said Comission, shall by himselfe or his sufficient Deputie, truely ttifie and bring forth unto the said Comissioners named in the said Comission, the Certificate and Presentment made before him and such other Comissioners as were Iimitted with him in one Limitt, so that the same Certificate may be accounted and cast with the other Certificatf of the other Limittf within the same Comission; and then the said Comissioners and every nomber of them unto two at the least as is aforesaid, if any be in Life, or their Executors

4-

i>

s*

ft

■44

it

III

i*

4

ill

■:«

it

Ik

it

it

a

a

n

fi

ki

fl

i

i

it

i

m

ll

i

a

a

a

i

Si

i

t

i

I

i

1 Subsidies 0.

. GOO^lC

A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac.I. c. 23.

1199

or Administrators of their Goods, if they then be dead, shall joyntly and severally as they were divided within their limittf, under their Seale by their discrecion, make one or severall Writings indented, conteining in it or them aswell the Names of the said Collectors, by the Comissioners for such Colleccions and Account f in the Exchequer and paymentf in the same Receit deputed and assigned, as the grosse and severall somes written unto every such Collectors to receive the said Subsidies; And also all Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfeitures, if any such by reason of this Acte happen to bee within the p'cinct and Limitt of their Comission, to be drifted into the Kings Majesties sayd Exchequer by the said Comissioners; In which Writing or Writings indented so to be Stified, shall be plainly declared and expressed the whole and entire some or somes of the said Subsidie severally limitted to the Colleccion of the said Collectors severally deputed and assigned to the Colleccion of the sayd somes; So that none of the said Collectors so citified in the sayd Exchequer, shall be compelled there to account or to be charged, but onely to and for the somes limitted to his Colleccion, and not to or for any some limitted to the Colleccion of his Fellowes, but every of them shall be severally charged for their part limitted to their Colleccion: And if the said Comissioners joyned in one Comission amongest themselves in that Matter cannot agree, or if any of them be not ready, or refuse to make ?tificate with other of the same Comissioners, That then the said Comissioners may make severall Indentures in fdrme aforesayd of their severall Limittf or Seperacions of Collectors within the Limittf of their Comission, upon and in the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like Divisions within the sayd severall Limittf of their Comission, as the Places there shall require to be severed and divided, and as to the same Comissioners shall seeme good, to make Divisions or other Limittf or Colleccions for the severall Charges of the same Collectors; So that alwayes one Collector shall be charged and account for his part to him to be limitted onely by himselfe, and not for any s5me limitted to the part of any of his Fellowes, and the charges of ev*y of the Collectors to be sett and &ified severally upon them; And every such Collector upon his Account and Payment of the some of Mony limitted within his Colleccion to be severally by [ him' ] acquited and discharged in the sayd Exchequer without paying any maner Fees or Rewardf to any person or persons for the same, upon paine and penalty last abovesayd, and not to be charged for any porcion of any other Collector: And if any Comissioner after he hath taken Certificate of them that as is aforesaid shall be before any Comissioners examined, and the somes rated and sett, and the Books and Writings thereof being in his Hands, or if any Collector or other pson charged with any Receit of any part of the sayd Subsidie or any other psons taxed or otherwise by this Acte charged with or for any parcell of the sayd Subsidie or with any other Some Fyne Amerciament Penalty or other Forfeiture happen to die before the Comissioners Collectors or other whatsoever pson or psons have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficiently discharged that which to every such person shall appertaine or belong to doe according to this Acte, then the Executors and Heirs of every such person and all other seized of any Lands and Tenementf that any such person being charged by this Acte, and deceasing before he discharged thereof, or any other to his use onely had of an Estate of Inheritaunce at the tyme that any such person was named Comissioner Collector or otherwise charged with or for any maner of thing to be done satisfied or payed by reason of this Acte, and all those that have in their Possessions or Hands any Goods Chattellf Leases or other things that were to any such pson or psons at the tyme of his Death, or any Lands or Tenementf that were the same psons at the tyme he was as is aforesaid charged by this Acte, shall be by the same compelled and charged to do and accomplish in every Case, as the same pson so being charged should have done or might have bene compelled to doe if he had bene in plaine Life, after such Rate of the Lands and Goods of the sayd Comissioner or Collector as the partie shall have in his hands : And if the sayd Comissioners for Causes reasonable them moving shall thinke it not convenient to joyne in one c*tificate as is aforesaid, then the said person or persons that shall first joyne together or he that shall first Stifie the sayd Writing indented (as is aforesaid) shall &ifie all the Names of the Comissioners of that Comission, whereupon such Writing shall bee there then to be trifled with Divisions of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tithingf and other Placf to and among such Comissioners of the same Comission, with the Names of the same Comissioners where such Seperacions and Divisions shall be, with the grosse somes of Money aswell of and for the said Subsidie taxed or set of or within the said Hundreds Wards

Wapentakf or other Places to him or them divided or assigned that shall so Stifle the said first Writings as

of the Fynes Amerciamentf Penalties and other Forfeitures, yf any happen to be within the same lymittf whereof the same Writings shall be Stifled; And after such Writings indented, wcb as is aforesayd shalbee drifted, and not contayned in it and them the whole and full somes set and taxed within the limittf of the same Cdmission, the other Comissioners of the same before the day of Payment of the sayd Subsidie, shall ?tifie into the sayd Exchequer by their Writing or Writings indented to be made as is aforesaid, the grosse and severall somes set and taxed within the Places to them limitted for the said Subsidie and other Fynes Amerciamentf Penalties and Forfeitures with the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other Places to them assigned, or else by their said Writings indented to §tifie at the same Place before the same day of Payment, such reasonable causes for their excuses why they may not make such Certificate of and for the sayd Subsidie Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfeitures

growing or set by the reason of the Causes of their lettf or of their not deifying as is aforesaid, or else in default

therof Pcesse to be made out of the Kings Majesties said Exchequer against the said Comissioners and every of them not making Stificate as is aforesaid by the discrecion of the Tresurer and Barons of the said Exchequer.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authorise aforesaid, That the Inhabitantf of the Parish of Saint Martin called Stamford Baron in the Suburbes of the Burrough and Towne of Stamford in the South part of the Water there called Wellandf which herafter shall be contributory to the Payment of this p’sent Subsidie granted to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, shall be assessed rated and taxed for the same by such Comissioners which shall be appointed for the taxing rating and sessing of the same Subsidie within the County of Lincolne, and

1 himself O.

Separate Certificate! may be made, where Commiisioneri do not all agree.

Collector! shall answer for their reipectire Districts.

Executon,

Heirs, Stc. of Commisiionen or Collector!, 8tc. dying, shall complete their Dutiea.

Form of the First and subsequent Certificates, where all the Commissioners do not join.

XXVI. Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

1200

7° Jac. I. c. 23.

A.D. 1609-10.

shall be for the same contributorie and pay the sayd Subsidie to the Collector or Collectors which shall be assigned and appointed for the levying and gathering of the same with the Aldermen and Burgesses of the same Borough and Towne of Stamford.

XXVII.

Persons haring Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That all and every person and persons

motbnsSPMdtUl1 having Mannors Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf chargeable to the payment of the sayd Subsidie granted to Penonal Property, the Kings Majestie by this Acte, and also having Spirituall Possessions chargable to his said Majestie by the Grant made L^n'eK &car^for°r the Clergie of this Realme in their Convocacion; and over this, having Substance in Goods and Chattellf chargeable Personalty only, by this said Acte, That then if any of the said persons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mannors highegt'Ra^e.'and Lands and Tenementf and Spirituall Possessions, and also charged asessed and taxed for his and their Goods and

not doubly charged. Chattellf, That then he or they shall be only charged by vertue of this Acte for his and their said Mannors Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf and Spirituall Possessions, or onely for his said Goods and Chattellf, the best thereof to be taken for the Kings Majestie, and not to be charged for both or double charged for any of them; Any thing in this Acte conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwayes, That this Grant of Subsidie, or any thing therein conteyned, in any wise extend not to charge the Inhabitantf dwelling in Scotland Ireland Jersey and Gamesey, or any of them, of for or con&iing any Mannors Lands Tenementf or other Possessions, Goods Chattellf or other moveable Substance, which the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers or any others to their use, have within Scotland Ireland Jersey and Gamesey, or in any of them, or of for or conSiing any Fees or Wages which any of the said Inhabitantf or Dwellers have of the Kings Majestie for their Attendance and doing §vice to our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie in Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnesey, or in any of them; Any thing in this present Acte to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Exemption for Lands, Personalty, and Offices, in Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

Proviso for Provided also, That all Ires Patentf graunted by the Kings Majestie or any of his most Noble Progenitors to any

Liberties of Cities Cities Boroughes or Townes within this Realme, of any maner of Liberties Priviledgf or Exempcions, from the future^Subsidies: burden [or'] charge of any such Grants of Subsidie, which be at this psent time in force and available, shall

[See $ VI.] remaine good and effectuall to the said Citties Boroughes and Townes hereafter, according to the purport thereof;

although the Inhabitantf of the same and also the sayd Corporacions shall, upon the great and waightie consideracions of the Grant abovesaid, be for this Grant charged and contributory, in like manner forme and sort as other Cities Boroughs and Townes which bee not in any wise previledged, but by this Acte charged.

XXX. Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, Scc.

XXXI. Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, &c.

XXXII.

Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXIII. Exemption for the English Inhabitants of Romney Marsh.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That no Orphane or Infant within the Age of one and twentie yeeres, borne within any of the Kings Majesties Dominions, shalbe charged to any payment of this Subsidie for his or her Goods and Chattellf to him or her left or bequeathed; Any Thing conteyned in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also. That this Acte nor any Thing therein conteyned, shall extend to the Goods or Lands of any Colledge Hall or Hostell within the UniPsities of Oxforde and Cambridge, or of any of them, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Winton, founded by Bishopp Wicham, or to the Goods or Lands of the Colledge of Eaton next Windsor, or to the Lands Tenemenf or Revenues onely assigned and appointed for the sustentacion and living of the poore Knightf founded in the Castle or Colledge of Windsour by our late Soveraigne Lord King Henrie the Eight, or to any of the Goods or Chattellf of the same Knightf, or any of them, or to the-Goods or Lands of any c5mon Free Gramar Schoole w^in the Realme of England or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reader Scholemaster or Scholler or any Gradual or Resiant or remayning for Studie, without fraude or covin within any of the sayd Universities and Colledges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxford or Suburbes of the same, or to any of them, or to any y*' servantf dayly attending upon any of them, nor to the Goods of any Officer Minister Aimes men or servantf belonging to any of the said Universities Colledges Halls or Hostellf, and dwelling and resiant within the said Universities or either of them, or within either of the said Townes of Cambridge and Oxford and the Suburbes of the same, without fraude or covine, or to the Goods and Landes of any Hospitall Maisondieu or Spittlehouse, prepared and used for the Sustentacion and Releife of poore People; Any Thing in this Acte conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it further enacted, That the said Grant of Subsidie or any Thing therein conteyned, doe not in any wise extend or be Pjuditiall or hurtfull to any of the Inhabitantf or Resiantf having dwelt for the most part of the yeare next before the taxing and assessing of this Subsidie as aforesaid within the Five Ports corporate, or to any their Members incorporated or united to the same Five Ports, or to any of the same Fyve Ports, but that such the Inhabitantf or Resiantf as aforesaid in the sayd Five Portes corporate, and their Members, bee and shall bee of and from the said Graunt and Payment of (*) the said Subsidie and every part thereof, and onely during such their Resiance as aforesaid and no longer, clearely discharged and acquited; Any Matter or whatsoever Thing in this psent Acte had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, That the said Graunt of Subsidie and Fifteenth and Tenth doe not in any wise extende to be pjudiciall or hurtfull to the English Inhabitantf or Resiantf at this psent tyme within the Liberties of Rumney Marsh, of or for any part of the said somes granted in this psent Parliament, of the said English Inhabitantf now there resiantf, or any of them, to be taxed set asked levied or payd, But that the said English Inhabitantf and

I*

V"

«•*

i(■

N

■ d mi

33

lit

m

m

lid

X!

ii

;!fa

T

1 and 0.

A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 23, 24.

1201

now Resiantf of Rumney Marsh aforesaid, and every of them, bee and shall be of and from the said Graunt and Payment of y* said Subsidie and Fifteenth and Tenth, during their resiance there and no longer, acquited and discharged j Any Matter and whatsoever thing in this psent Acte made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That yf any Alien or Stranger borne. Denizen or not Denizen, and dwellinge or inhabiting within this Realme of England, shall assigne and convey over unto any his or their Childe or Children borne within the said Realme of England, any his or their Lands Tenementf Goods or Chattellf, to the intent thereby to defraude the Kings Majestie of his sayd Subsidie of or for the same, that then all and every such Child or Children so being seised of any such Lands and Tenementf, or possessed of any such Goods or Chattellf, shall be charged and chargeable to and with the payment of double the sayd Subsidie for the same Lands Tenementf Goods and Chattellf, at the said Rates and Values as Aliens and Strangers, Denizens or not Denizens, are before limitted and appointed to pay.

Provided also, That this Acte shall not, neither shall any thing therein conteyned extend to charge the Maior Bayliffes and Burgesses of the Burrough of Berwicke upon Tweede or any of them, or any the English Inhabitantf within the sayd Burrough or the Boundf and Libties thereof, with taxing levying gathering or payment of the said Subsidie or Fifteene heereby granted; but that the said Maior Baylifff and Burgesses of the sayde Burrough and the English Inhabitantf within the said Burrough and the Boundf and Libties thereof from the sayd Subsidie and Fifteene and everie parcell thereof, onely for their Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Fees Wages Goods and Chattellf, lying and being within the sayd Burrough and Boundf and Libties thereof, shall be utterly acquitted and discharged; Any Thing in this psent Acte conteined to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it enacted, That forasmuch as divers and sondry the Kings Majesties Tenantf and other Inhabitantf and Dwellers within the Counties of Pembroke Carmarthen Cardigan Brecnocke Glamorgan Radnor Mountgoniy Denbigh Flint Merioneth Anglesey and Camarvan and the County Palantine of Chester, bee at this psent tyme charged and chargeable with the paymentf of the Subsidies lately graunted to the Kings Highnesse, and yet unpayd, or some of them: Bee it therefore ordeined and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That this Act of Subsidie or any thing therin conteined, shall not extend to charge any of the Inhabitantf and Dwellers within any of the said Counties of Penbroke Carmarthen Cardigan Brecnocke Glamorgan Radnor MountgoiSy Denbigh Flint Merioneth Anglesey and Carnarvan and the County Palantine of Chester, with this psent Subsidie or any of the Paymentf thereof granted by this Acte, untill the last day for them appointed respectively for the last Payment of the last Subsidie granted to the Kings Majestie be fully expired ; And that then the first Payment of the sayd Subsidie granted by this psent Acte shall bee by them made at the Receit of the Kings Exchequer, at or before the first daye of November next following after the said last day appointed for the last Payment of the said last Subsidie; And the second Payment of this Subsidie to be made at the said Receit of the Exchequer before the first day of May then next following.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte for the Kings most gracious genial 1 and free Pardon.

THE Kings Majestye most graciously considering the good Will and faithfull Hearts of his most loving and

obedient Subjects, And understanding that the same his loving Subjects have many and sondry waies by the

Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, fallen into the danger of divers great Penaltyes and Forfeitures, Is of his princely and mercifull dispocion most graciously inclyned by his liberal! and free Pardon to discharge some part of those great Paines Forfeitures and Penaldes wherewith his said Subjects stand now burdened and charged, trusting they will be thereby the rather moved and induced from thenceforth more carefully to observe his Highnesse Lawes and Statutes, and to continue in their loyall and due Obedience to his Majestie: And therefore his Majestie is well pleased and contented that it be enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, in maner and forme following. That is to say; That all and ev’y the sayd Subjects, aswell Spiritual! as Temporall, of this his Highnesse Realme of

England Wales the lies of Jernesey and Garnesey and the Towne of Berwicke, the Heires Successors Executors

and Administrators of them and every of them, and all and singuler Bodies in any maner of wise corporated. Cities Boroughes Shires Ridingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages Hamlettf and Tythingf, and every of them, and the Successor and Successors of every of them, shall be by the authoritie of this present Parliament acquited pardoned released and discharged against the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, and every of them, of all maner of Treasons Fellonies Offences Contemptf Trespasses Entries Wrongs Deceits Misdemeanors Forfeitures Penalties and Somes of Mony paines of Death, paines corporall and pecuniary, and generally of all other Things Causes Quarellf Suits Judgementf and Execucions, in this psent Acte hereafter not excepted nor foreprised, which be may or can be by his Highnes in any wise or by any meanes pardoned, before and unto the ninth day of November last past, to every or any of his said Subjects Bodies corporate Cities Boroughes Shires Ridingf Hundrethes Lathes Rapes Wapentakf Townes Villages and Tithingf, or any of them.


14 C

d

XXXIV. Children of Aliena, to whom Lands or Goods are assigned in Evasion of this Act, shall pay Double Rates.

XXXV. Exemption for the Corporation and Inhabitants of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

XXXVI. Persons chargeable to former Subsidies in Wales, &c. shall not be charged under this Act, until Termination of such Subsidies.

Motives for this Pardon I

General Pardon of all Offences, &c. not expressly excepted, committed, fcc. before 9 Nov. An. 7 Jac. I.

1202

7° Jac. I. c. 24.

A.D. 1609-10.

ii.

Thii Pardon u valid by general Word*, at if all Offences &c. were particularly specified.

III.

Crant of all Forfeitures, on Offences pardoned.

Pardon may be pleaded without Fees; except lCd. to the Clerk.

IV.

This Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

V.

Penalty on Officers of Courts issuing Process for Offences hereby pardoned, Treble Damages; and Process declared void.

VI.

Exceptions from this Pardon: Certain Treasons;

And also the Kings Majestic is contented that it be enacted by the authoritie of this p*sent Parliament, That his said free Pardon shall be as good and effectual 1 in the Law to every of his said Subjects, Bodies Corporate, and others before rehearsed, in for and against all things which be not hereafter in this p>sent Acte excepted and foreprised, as the same Pardon should have bene, if all Offences Contemptf Forfeitures Causes Matters Suits Quarrellf Judgementf Execucions Penalties and all other things, not hereafter in this psent Acte excepted and foreprised, had bin particularly singularly specially and plainly named rehearsed and speci6ed, and also pardoned by proper and expresse Words and Names in their kindes natures and qualities, by Wordes and Termes thereunto requisite to have bene put in and expressed in this psent Acte of free Pardon; And that his said Subjects, nor any of them, nor the Heires Executors or Administrators of any of them, nor the said Bodies Corporate and other before named and rehearsed, nor any of them, be nor shall be sued vexed or inquieted in their Bodies Goods Chattellf Lands or Tenementf, for any maner of Matter Cause Contempt Misdemeanor Forfeiture Trespasse Offence or any other Thing, suffered done or comitted, before the sayd nineth day of November last past, against his Highnesse his Crowne Dignitie Prerogative Lawes or Statutf, but onely for such Matters Causes and Offences as be rehearesed mencioned or in some wise touched in the Excepcions of in this p>sent Acte hereafter mencioned to be foreprised and excepted, and for none other ; Any Statute or Statutes Lawes Customes or Usages heretofore had made or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And the Kings Highnes of his bounteous liberalitie, by the Authority of this pkent Parliament, graunteth and freely giveth to every of his Subjects, and to every of the said Bodies Corporate and other before rehearsed, and every of them, all Goods Chattellf Debts Fines Issues Proffittf Amerciamentf Forfeitures and Somes of Mony by any of them forfeited, which to his Highnesse doe or should belong or appertaine, by reason of any Offence Contempt Trespasse Entrie Misdemeanour Matter Cause or Quarrell done or comitted by them or any of them before the sayd nineth day of November last past, which be not hereafter in this p>sent Acte foreprised and excepted. And be it enacted neverthelesse, That all Grauntf thereof, or of any part thereof, made by any such as have so forfeited the same, and are hereby restored as aforesaid, and all Execucions thereof or of any part thereof, had against any such after such Forfeiture thereof comitted or made shall bee of such Force and Effect as if no such Forfeiture thereof had bin had or made, and of no other j The same Forfeiture or any thing before in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding. And that all and ev*ie the Kings said Subjects, and all and singuler Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed, may by him or themselves, or by his or their Deputie or Deputies or by his or their Atturny or Atturneys, according to the Lawes of this Realme, pleade and minister this psent Acte of free Pardon, for his or their discharge of and for any thing that is by vertue of this plsent Acte pardoned discharged given or granted, without any Fee or other thing in any wise paying to any person or persons for Writing or Entry of the Judgementf or other Cause concerning such Plea Writing or Entry, but onely Sixteene pence to be paid to the Officer or Clarke that shall enter such Plea Matter or Judgement for the parties discharged in that behalfe; Any Law Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

And Furthermore the Kings Highnesse is contented and pleased that it be enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That his said free Pardon by the generall Wordes Clauses and Sentences before rehearsed, shall be reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken, in all manner of Courts of his Highnesse and elsewhere, most bcneficiall and availeable to all and singuler his sayd Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed, and to every of them, in all things not in this psent Acte excepted or foreprised, without any Ambiguitie Question or other delay whatsoever it shall be, to be made pleaded objected or alledged by the King our Soveraigne Lord his Heires or Successors, or by his or any of their generall Attumey or Atturneys, or by any person or persons for his Highnesse or any of his Heires or Successors.

And furthermore it is enacted by the King our Soveraigne Lord by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That if any Officer or Clerke of any of his Highnesse Courts comonly called the Chauncery Kings Bench and Comon Place, or of his Exchequer, or any other Officer or Clerke of any other of his Highnesse Courts within this Realme, at any tyme after the last day of this p>sent Session of Parliament, make' out or write out any maner of Writtf Processe Siimons or other pceptf whereby any of the sayd Subjects or any of the sayd Bodies Corporated or others before rehearsed or any of them, shall be in any wise arrested attached distreined sumoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or greived in his or their Bodies Lands Tenementf Goods or Chattellf or in any of them, for or because of any maner of thing pardoned or discharged by vertue of this Acte of free Pardon ; Or if any Sheriffe or Eschaetor or any of their Deputie or Deputies or any Bayliffe or other Officer whatsoever, by coullor of his or their Office, or otherwise, after the said last day of this psent Session of Parliament, doe levy receive take or withhold of or from any pson or psons any thing pardoned or discharged by this Acte, That then every such person so offending and thereof lawfully convicted or condemned by any sufficient Testimony Witnesse or Proofe, shall yeeld and pay for Recompense thereof to the party so greived or offended thereby, his or their treble Damages, besides all Costs of the Suite, and shall also forfeit and lose to the Kings Majestie for every such default, Tenne Pounds: And neverthelesse all and singuler such Writtf Processe and Preceptf so to be made for or upon any maner of thing pardoned or discharged by this present Acte of free Pardon, shall be utterly void and of none Effect.

Excepted and alwaies foreprised out of this generall and free Pardon, all and all maner of High Treasons and other Offencf comitted or done by any pson or psons against the Kings most Royall person, and all Conspiracies and Confederacies traiterously had comitted or done by any pson or psons against the Kings Majesties Royall person,

I

I

i

I

I

I

I

I

I

i

I

i


i

i

I

i

i

n

r

d

a

i

k

i

n

it

Ii

i

s

1

«!

i

It

i

i

i

i

i

ii

. i

i

d

i

i

I

d



i

ti

i


A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 24.

1203

and all and all maner of levying of Warre, and all Rebellions and Insurreccions whatsoever: And also excepted all and every maner of Treasons cdmitted or done by any pson or psons in the parts beyond the Seas or in any other Place out of the Kings Dominions; And also all Suites Punishementf Execucions Paines of Death Forfeitures and Penalties for or by reason or occasion of any of the Treasons and Offences before rehearsed: And also excepted out of this Pardon all Offencf of forging and false counterfeiting the Kings Majesties Great or Privie Seale, Signe Manuell or Privie Signet, or of any the Monyes currant wlhin this Realme; And also all Offences of unlawfull diminishing of any the sayd Moneys by any waie or meanes whatsoever contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme; And also all Misprisions and Concealmentf of High Treason; And also all abetting aiding comforting or pcuring of the same Offencf or any of the sayd Treasons: And also excepted out of this Pardon all maner of voluntary Murders Petit Treasons and willfull Poysoningf done or comitted by any person or persons, and all and every the Accessaries to the same Offences or any of them, before the said Offences comitted : And also excepted and foreprised out of this generall Pardon, all and every Offences of Piracie and Robberie done upon the Seas, and all and every pcuring or abbetting of any such Offenders and the comforting or receiving of them, or any of them, or of any Goods taken by way of Piracy or Robbery upon the Seas as aforesaid : And also excepted out of this Pardon all Burglaries, comitted or done in any Dwelling House or Houses, & all Accessaries to any the said Burglaries before the same Burglary comitted: And also excepted all Robberies done upon or to any Mans or Womans pson in the High way or elsewhere, and all and singuler Accessaries of or to any such Robberies before the said Robberie comitted: And also excepted the felonious stealing of any Horse Gelding or Mare, and all Accessaries thereunto before the same Felony comitted, and all Judgementf and Executions of and for the same: And also excepted all wilfull Burningf of any Dwelling House or Houses, or of any Barne or Barnes wherein any Corne was: And also excepted the detestable and abhominable Vice of Buggery comitted with Mankind or Beast: And also excepted all Rapes & carnall Ravishementf of Women ; And also excepted all Ravishmentf and wilfull taking away or marrying of any Mayde Widowe or Damosell against her will, or without the Assent or Agrement of her Parents or of such as then had her in Custodie; And also all Offences of ayding comforting pcuring or abbetting of any such Ravishmentf wilfull taking or marrying had comitted or done: And ail Offences made Felony by a c?taine Acte lately made and ordeined, intituled An Act to restraine all psons from Manage untill their former Wives and former Husbands be dead : And also excepted all wilfull Escapes of any Traitors : And also excepted out of this Pardon, all persons now attainted or outlawed of or for any Treason Petit Treason Murder Wilfull Poysoning Burglarie or Robbery, and all Execucions of and for the same: And also excepted all Offences of Invocacions Conjuracions Witchcraftes Sorceries Inchantmentf and Charmes, and all Offences of pcuring abbetting or comforting of the same, & all psons now attainted or convicted of any the said Offences: And also excepted all & everie maner of taking from the Kings Majestic of any Goods or Chattellf, or the Issues Rents Revenues or Pffittf of any Mannors Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf which were of any Traitor Murderer Felon Clerke or Clerkes attainted or Fugitives, or any of them; And also excepted all Goods and Chattellf in any wise forfeited to the Kings Majestie by reason of any Treason Petit Treason Murder or Felony heretofore comitted or done: And also excepted all Offences of or in making writing printing or publishing, or in consenting to the making writing printing or publishing of any false seditious or sclanderous Booke or Bookes Libell or Libellf in any wise against the Kings Majestie or the psent Goverment of this Realme, in Causes either Ecclesiasticall or Temporall, or against any person or persons: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Intrusions and spoile of Woods had made or done by any pson or psons in or upon any of y* Mannors Landes Tenementf or other Hereditamentf of our said Soveraigne Lord the King, and all Wastf done comitted or suffered upon any such Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, and the wrongfull taking of any the Rents Issues and Pffittf of the same Manours Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf of our said Soveraigne Lord the King, and also all Suits Accomptf and Impetif&ns of and for the same: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all AlienaC&ns of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf without License, and all Fines Issues and Pffittf that may or ought to growe or come to the Kings Majestie by reason of any such Alienacion without Licence: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Wastf comitted or done in any of the Kings Wards Lands, or in the Wards Lands of any the Kings Comittees; And also all and every Fine and Fines for the single and double Value of the Marriage or Marriages of all and every Ward or Wardes at any time heretofore growen to the Kings Majestie or any his noble Progenitors: And also excepted all concealed Wards and the Lands of such Wards concealed, and all Liveries and Primer Seisons and Ouster le inaines that ought to be had done or sued for the same : And also excepted out of this generall Pardon, all Ravishemenf and wrongfull taking or witholding of any of the Kings Wards or Wards Lands, or the Rents and Pffittf of the same at any tyme comen or growen to the Kings Hands; and every Thing that by reason of any Ward or Wards Lands, or for default of suing or psecuting of any Livery, which ought to come or be to the Kings Majestie, and which as yet is not discharged: And also excepted all Fines that should or ought to grow to the Kings Majestie of any of his Widowes that have married without Licences.

Counterfeiting,

See. of King'i Seal*, Money, See.;

Misprision of Treason; Murders

Piracies|

Burglaries; Robberies;

Horse-stealing; Arsons;

Sodomy; Rapes, Src.;

Bigamies;

Escapes; Attainders;

Witchcrafts;

Taking Issues of Goods of Felons,

See.;

Forfeitures of Goods

Seditious Libels, kc.;

Intrusions, Wastes, kc. in the King’s Lands, kc

Alienations without Licence;

Wattes in Lands of the King's Wards, kc.;

Concealed Wards;

Ravishments of Wards

Fines for Widows’ Marriages.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, shall have and enjoy the full and whole Interest Benefitt Pffitt and Advantage of all Wardshippes Liveries Primer Seisons and Ouster le maines of Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf, and all meane Issues Rates and Pffittf for not psecuting or suing of any Livery or Ouster le maine, as if this Act had never bene had or made; And that all and every pson or psons which have tendered or ought to sue his her or their, or any of their Liveries or Ouster le maines, of or for any Mannors Lands Teiltf or Hereditamentf whatsoever they be, shall sue his her and their Liverie and Lyveries and Ouster le maines out of our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings hands, and shall aunswere

VH.

Lively of Lands shall be duly sued, and Fines thereon paid by all Persons, although no Office be found.


A.D. 1609-10.

1204

7° Jac. I. c. 24.

VIII. Further Exceptions? Prisoners in special Custody

Fugitives for Treason, fcc.;

Persons absent from the Realm without Licence j

Concealment of Customs, &c.

Collectors and Accountants to the Crown

Unlawful Inclotures, ice.;

Offences of Moneyers, &c. of the Mints;

Snare Impedits, omages, &c.j

Breaches of Covenant to' the Crown { Subsidies;

Debts to the Crown except on certain Recognizances;

Forfeitures adjudged, ice.;

Forfeitures of Leases, &c.;

First Fruits and Tenths; Penalties recovered by Verdict; or proceeded for, or granted by, the Crown;

Contempts, ice. depending in the Star-Chamber j

and pay their Fines Issues and meane fffittf for his or their Manors Lands Tenementf and Hereditament!1, in like maner and forme to every respect as they and every of them should or ought to have done if this Act had never heene had ne made, notwithstanding the not finding of any Office or Offices, or any other Matter whatsoever; Any Article thinge or thinges in this pfeent Act of generall Pardon comprised and specified to the contrary notwithstanding.

And also excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon, all such psons as the last day of this psent Session of Parliament be or at any time since the beginning of the same Session have bene in Prison within the Tower of London, or in the Prison of the Marshalsey, or in the Prison of the Fleete, or in the Prison of the Gatehouse, or otherwise restrained of Libtie, by expresse Comaundment from the Kings Majestie, or by the Comaundement or direccion of any of his Majesties Privie Counsell > And also excepted out of this Pardon, all and every such person and psons which at any time sithence the beginning of the Kings Majesties Raigne, have fled out of this Realme of England, or any other the Kings Dominions, for any Offence of High Treason Pettie Treason or Misprision of Treason : And also excepted all such persons as be gone or fled out of this Realme for any Cause contrary to the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, without the Kings Majesties Licence ; And also excepted, all such persons as have obtained and had Licence to depte this Realme for a c?taine time, and now doe abide out of the Realme without any lawfull excuse after the time of their Licence expired: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all and everie Concealementf or wrongfull Deteinmentf of any Custome or Subsidie due to the Kings Majesty, and all Corruptions and Misdemeanors of any Officer or Minister of or concerning Custome or Subsidie, and all Accomptf Impedcions and Suites to be had made or done for the same: And also excepted, all and singuler Accomptf of all and every Collector and Collectors of any Subsidie Fifteene Custome or other Thing, and all Accomptf of every other person whatsoever, that ought to be accomptant to the Kings Highnesse or to King Henry the Eight, or to King Edward the Sixt, or Queene Marie, or Queene Elizabeth, or to any of them, and the Heires Executors and Administrators of every such person that ought to accompt, for all Things touching onely the same Accomptf, and all and singuler Arrerages of Accomptf, and all untrue Accomptf, and all Impedcions Charges of Seisures Suites Demaundf and Execurions which may or can be had of or for any Accompt or Accomptf, or any Arrerages of the same: And also excepted all Inclosures and decayes of Houses of Husbandry, and the converting and keeping of any Land from Tillage to Pasture, made done comitted or pmitted contrary to the forme and effect of any Statute or Statutes heretofore made: And also excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon, all and all maner of Deceits and Offences of all and singuler Monyers and other Officers Minters and Workemen of or in any the Kings Majesties Mints within this Realme or any other his Dominions, and all Impeticions and Punishementf for the same : And also excepted, all Titles and Actions of Quare Impedit, and all Homages Releife and Releifes Hariotf Rent Services Rent Charges Rent Seckf and the Arrerages of the same, not done or paid to the Kings Highnesse: And also excepted, all Condicions and Covenantf, and all Penalties Tides and Forfeiture of Condicion or Condicions Covenaunt or Covenauntf accrued or growen to the Kings Majestie by reason of the breach and not pforming of any Covenant or Condicion whatsoever: And also excepted, all somes of Money graunted to the Kings Majestie or any his noble Progenitors, by way or meane of Subsidy Fifteenth Tenth or otherwise, and all Concealementf Fraudf and Offences by which his Majestie hath bene deceived, or not truly answered of or for the same : And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Debts which were or be due to our Soveraigne Lord the King or to the most noble King of famous Memory King Henry the Seaventh, King Henry the Eight King Edward the Sixt, Queene Mary, or the late Queene Elizabeth, or to any pson or psons for or to any of their Uses, by any Condemnacion Recognizance Obligacion or otherwise; (other then such Debts as are due upon any Obligacion or Recognizance forfeited before the said nineth day of November, for non appearance in any Court or other Place whatsoever, or for not keeping the Peace or not being of good Behaviour, which Debts growen or accrued upon these Causes by this free Pardon be and shall be clearly pardoned and discharged): And also excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon, all and singuler Penalties Forfeitures and somes of Mony, being due or accrued to our Soveraigne Lord the King, by reason of any Acte Statute or Statutes, which Forfeitures Penalties and s5mes of Mony be conv'ted into the Nature of Debt by any Judgement Order or Decree, or by the Agreement of the Offendor or Offendors: And also excepted all Forfeitures of all Leases Estates or Interests of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf holden of o' Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie by Knightf Service, or in Soccage in Capite, or otherwise by Knightf Service, made in one or severall Assurances or Leases for any terme or termes of yeeres, whereupon the old and accustomed Rent or more is not reserved : And also excepted all such Fruitf and Tenthes at this p'sent being due to be paid to his Majesty by force of any Act or Statute or otherwise : And also excepted all Penalties and Forfeitures whereof there is any good verdict in any Suite given or past for the Kings Majestie: And also excepted all Forfeitures and other Penalties and Pffittes now due accrued or growen, or weh shall or may be due accrue or growe to the Kings Majestie, by reason of any Offence Misdemeanor or Contempt, or other Acte or Deede had suffered comitted or done contrary to any Acte Statute or Statutes, or contrary to the comon Lawes of this Realme, and whereof or for the which any Accion Bill Plaint or Informacion at any time within eight yeeres next before the last day of this p’sent Session of Parliament, hath bene or shall be exhibited comenced or sued in the Courts of Starrechamber or Exchequer Chamber, or in any the Kings Majesties Courts at Westfii, and now is, or the said last day of this Session of Parliament shall be there depending and remaining to be psecuted, or wherof the Kings Majestie by his Bill signed, heretofore hath made any Gift or Assignement to any person or persons: And also excepted out of this generall and free Pardon all Offences Contemptf Disorders Covins Fraudf Deceiptf and Misdemeanors whatsoever heretofore edmitted or done by any person or pGons, and whereof or for the which any Suite by Bill Plaint or Informacion at any tyme within foure yeeres next before the last day of this p*sent Session of Parliament, is or shalbe comenced or

0

0

I*

0

0'

0

0

s*>

0

a

0

0

a

0

<0

0

0

0

ill

0

ik

at

z>

u

0

u

Us

is

D

a

ti

i

s

ti

i

<■

x

I

X

X

A

i

t

k

a

a

a

i

i

I

I

i

i

i

1

1

i


A.D. 1609-10.

7° Jac. I. c. 24.

1205

exhibited in the Court of Starrechamber at Westminster, and shall be there the same last day of this Session of Parliament depending, or wherupon any Sentence or Decree is given or entred: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences of Perjuries and the subomacion of Wittnesses; and Offences of forging and counterfeiting of any false Deeds Escriptf or Writings, or of any Examinacions or Testimonies of any Witnesse or Witnesses tending to bring any person or psons into danger of his Life, and the giving of the same in Evidence, and the counselling or pairing of any such counterfeiting or forging to be had or made, and all false and malicious Conspiracies to bring any person or persons into danger of his Life : And also excepted out of this Pardon all and every Offence or Offences touching or concerning the carrying sending or conveying over the Seas or out of this Realme of any Gold Silver Jewellf, or any Coyne of Gold or Silver, contrary to the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme, unlesse it were by the Kings Licence: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences of Incest Adulterie Fomicacion and Simouie; and all such Usury for which any Interest hath bene received or taken since the said nineth day of November; and all Misdemeanors and Disturbancf comitted or made in any Church or Chappell in the tyme of Comon Prayer Preaching or Divine Service there used to the Disturbance thereof, and all Outlawries and Psecutions upon the same: And also excepted all Offences of drawing of Weapons unlawfull Striking or giving of Blowes, and all other force or violence comitted or done in any Terme Tyme, in the view of any of the Kings Courts judicially sitting at or in Westminster Hall, for the which any person or persons now stand indicted convicted or attainted in any of his Majesties sayd Courts : And also excepted all Offences whereby any person may be charged with the penalty and danger of Premnire, and of the which Offence or Offences any pson standeth already indicted or otherwise lawfully condemned or convicted: And also excepted all Dilapidacions for which any suite is, or before the end of this Session of Parliament shalbe depending: And also excepted all Offences whatsoever in shipping or willingly assenting or causing to be shipped to bee transported into any the parts beyond the Seas out of the obedience of his Majestie, any Gunnes Ordinance Shot or Gun mettall contrary to the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme, without Licence of his Majestie in that behalfe first had and obteined : And also all such as covenously, or by Consent or for the Releife of any such as have offended in or against any populer or penall Statute, have for the same Offence or Offences exhibited any Acdon Bill Plaint Informacion or Suite against any such Offendor or Offendors: And also excepted all Offences in taking away imbezelling or purloyning any the Kings Majesties Goods Money Chattellf Jewellf Armour Munition Ordinance or other Habilimentf of Warr: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all maner of Extortions whatsoever, and also excepted all Covens Fraudes Deceiptf and other Disorders and Misdemeanors whatsoever heretofore comitted or done by any Stewardf of his Majesties Mannours or Courts Undersheriffe or by any Officer or Minister in any of his Highnesse Courts, in or by reason or colour of any of their Offices or Places, or any their Deputies or Clerkf; and all Offences of ayding comforting assisting or pouring of any Undersheriffe, or any such Officer Minister or Clerke, in contriving doing or executing any such Extorcion Exaccion Coven Fraud Deceit Disorder or Misdemeanour: And also excepted all hunting killing or stealing of Deere in any of his Majesties Forrestf Parks or Chases, and other Disorders and Misdemeanors done or comitted in the same, at any time sithence the nineth day of September last past, being the date of a Proclamacion of his Majesties in that behalfe published: And also excepted, all Offences Contempt f Disorders and Misdemeanors comitted or done by any pson or psons contrary to Lawes of the Forrestf, within the Circuit or p>cincte of his Majesties Forrestf of Windsor and Waltham or of either of them, and all Penalties for the same: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Issues Fynes and Amerciamentf being totted levied or received by any Shiriffe Undersheriffe Bayliffe Minister or other Officer to or for the Kings Majesties use or behoofe before the last day of this psent Session of Parliament; and all Issues Fines and Amerciamentf afferred taxed set estreated or entered severally or particularly touching or conc?ning any one pson or mo psons joyntly or severally above the sdme of six pounds ; And also excepted, all Issues Fines and Amerciamentf retomed afferred taxed set or entred severally or particularly in any Court of Record at Westm, at any time sithence the Feast of S' Michaell the Archangell last past: And yet neverthelesse all other Fines, as well Fynes p licencia concordandi as others, set taxed estreated or entered before the said Feast of S' Michaell Th’rchangell last past, and also all Yssues and Amerciamentf, aswell reall as others, within any Libties or without, being set taxed estreated or entred before the said Feast of S' Michaell the Archangell, and which severally or pticularly extend to or under the s5me of Sixe Pounds, and not above, whether they be estreated or not estreated, or whether they bee turned into Debt, or not turned into Debt, and not being totted levied or received by any Sheriffe Under Shcriffe Minister or other Officer to or for the Kings Majesties use or behoofe, before the last day of this psent Session of Parliament, shall be frely clearely and plainely pardoned and discharged against the Kings Majestie, his Heires and Successors for ever, by force of this psent Acte of Free Pardon. And yet neverthelesse all Estreatf of such Fines Yssues and Amerciamentf as bee now pardoned by this Acte, and which be already estreated forth of the Court of Exchequer, and be remayning in the Hand of the Sheriffe Undershiriffe or Bayliffe for colleccion of the same Fines Issues and Amerciamentf, shall upon the retorne of the same Estreatf, be orderly charged and delivered by Scrowes into the Office of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer, as heretofore hath bene accustomed; to the intent that thereupon order may be taken that his Majestie may be truely aunswered of all such Fines Issues and Amerciamentf not by this Acte pardoned, and which any Sheriffe Undersheriffe Bayliffe or other Officer or Minister hath received or ought to aunswere by Force or Colour of any such Estreate Processe or Precept to him or them made for the levying therof; And yet that notwithstanding, all and ev’y Sheriffe and Sheriffes and other Accomptant upon his or their peticion or peticions to be made for the Allowance of any such Fines Issues and Amerciamentf as by this Act is pardoned, shall have all and every such his and their Peticion allowed in his and their Account and Accounts, without paying any Fee or Reward to any Officer Clerke or other Minister for the making entring or allowing of any such Peticion or Peticions; Any Usage or Custome to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Goods Chattellf Debts Accions and Suits already forfeited, or whereof any Right or Title

Peijuries; Forgeries of Deedi, &c.;

Conspiracies

Exportation of

Export; Gold oi

or Silver

Incest, &c.; Usury;

Disturbing Divine Service; Conviction! for striking in Courts of Justice;

Premunire;

Dilapidations Exporting Ordnance j

Covenous Actions for Penalties;

Embezzling Stores;

Extortions, fcc. by Stewards of the Crown Manors, Under Sheriffs, See.

Deer-stealing, See. in the King’s Parks;

Offences in Windsor or WalthamForests.

Issues, Fines, See. affered. See. above £6. See.

All other Fines pardoned:

Proviso for duly estreating all Fines, Issues, Stc. whether pardoned or not.

Forfeitures on Outlawries granted by the Crown,


14 D

1206

7° Jac. I. c. 24.

A.D. 1609-10.

Offence* against St. 17 Eliz. c. a. by Jesuits, Sec.

Offences against St. *3 Eliz. c. I. until Submission and Conformity of Offenders.

Persons attainted of Rebellion

Forgeries of Inquisitions, Certificates, Bills signed by the King, &c»

New Erections of Buildings.

IX. Proviso for Outlawries in Civil Action*.

X.

Defendants outlawed on Cap. ad sat. shall satisfy their Plaintiffs.

is accrued and growen to the Kings Majestie, by reason of any Outlawris, and whereof the King? Majesde by his Highnesse Ires Patent? hath before the last day of this psent Session of Parliament, made any Graunt Covenant or Promise to any person or persons: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all such persons which have edmitted or done any Offence or Offences contrary to the tenour or effect of the Statute made in the seven & twentieth yeere of the Reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Act against Jesuitf Seminarie Preistf and other such disobedient persons, or of any part thereof; And all Outlawries Pceeding? Judgementf and Execucions upon the same Offences or any of them: And also excepted, all persons which have comitted or done any Offence contrary to the Statute made in the three and twentieth yeere of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte to retaine the Quenes Majesties Subject? in their due Obedience, or any part thereof, and all Outlawries Proceeding? and Judgement? and Execucions upon the same Offences or any of them, for such or soe long tyme as they shall continue disobedient or willfully obstinate in any of the same Offences: And yet neverthelesse whensoever the same persons or any of them shall willingly submitt them in their due Obedience to his Majestie, and will come to the Church to heare Divine Service, and willingly refuse the said wilfiill Obsdnacie, and conforme themselves in the said causes of Religion and Doctrine, and continue in such their Conformitie and due Obedience to his Majestie, according as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme they ought to doe. That then and from thenceforth all and every such person and persons so submitting and yeelding themselves in their due Obedience toward? his Majestie and so continuing in the same, shall forthwith be received and enabled by force of this Acte to have and enjoy the full Benefitt of this geSall Pardon, as largely and fully in all Respect? as any other of his Majesties good Subject? have or ought to enjoy by vertue of this Acte of gefiall Pardon: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all such persons as be and remaine still attainted or condemned, and not already pardoned of or for any Rebellion or levying of Warre, or of or for any Conspiracy of any Rebellion or levying of Warre, within this Realme or in any other the King? Dominions: And also excepted all false forging and counterfeiting of any Comission or Comissions to enquire of any Land? Tenement? or Hereditament?, and also all false forging and counterfeiting of any untrue Certificate or Retomc of any Comission or Comissions obtained or gotten forth of any Court or Court?, to enquire of any Land? Tenement? or other Thing? whatsoever; and all and all maner falsifying of any particular, or of any Bill or Bills signed by his Majestie after the engrossing thereof, and before the passing of the same unto the Great Seale: And also except out of this Pardon, all Offences edmitted or done by any pson or persons in new building dividing of Tenement? taking of Inmates new Inclosures and other Nusances in any place within the Citie of London and Suburbes of the same, or within three miles of the sayd Citie, contrary to the Law, or any his Majesties Proclamacions in that behalfe made.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That it shall be lawfull to and for all and every Clerke and other Officers of the King? Court?, to award and make Writt? of Capias Utlagaf, at the Suite of the Partie Plaintiffe, against such persons outlawed as bee pardoned by this Acte, to the intent to compell the Defendant and Defendant? to make aunswere to the Plaintife and Plaindfes at whose Suite hee or they were outlawed; and that e$>y pson soe outlawed shall sue a Writt of Scire facias, against the partie or parties at whose Suite hee or they were so outlawed, before this Pardon in that behalfe shall be allowed to him or them that is so outlawed.

Provided also and be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That this Acte of generall Pardon shall not in any wise extend to any person outlawed upon any Writt of Capias ad satisfaciend, until such tyme as the person so outlawed shall sadsfie or otherwise agree with the party at whose suite the same person was so outlawed or condemned.

XI. Exception of Persons in Ezecution: Purveyors acting illegally.

XII.

Further Exceptions : Corruptly discharging Soldiers; Ecclesiastical Offences

Heresy, Sec-Sir S. Proctor.

Provided likewise and be it enacted, That neither this Acte of generall Pardon, nor any thing therein contayned, shall in any wise extend to any person that is or shall be put to Execucion at any tyme before ten dayes after the end of this Session of Parliament; Or to pardon and discharge any Offence or Misdemeanour comitted or done by any Purveyour or other Taker whatsoever, in taking or purveying of any Provision whatsoever for the King? Majesties Houshould, or otherwise to the King? Majesties behoofe, or by fkence or colour thereof, contrary unto or against any the Lawes or Statutes in that behalfe made and ordeined.

Provided also and be it enacted by the Authoririe aforesaid, That neither this Acte nor any thing therin conteined, shall extend to pdon or dischardge any Offence comitted or done by any Comissioner Captaine or other person whatsoever in the corrupt taking or having of any Money or other Gift or Reward for the changing releasing or dischardging of any Souldier prest or appointed to serve his Majestie in the Defence of the Realme or otherwise; or any Offence edmitted or done by and against the Ecctiasticall State or Governement established in this Realme, or any Heresy or Schisme in Religion whatsoever: And also excepted out of this generall and free Pardon, Sir Steven Proctor Knight.

God save the Kinoe.


( 1207 )

Anno 8° JACOBI, I. A.D. 1610-11.

A Session of Parliament was holden, pursuant to Prorogation, on the 16th Day of October 8 Jac. I. A.D. 1610, and sate until the 6th Day of December following, when the Parliament was prorogued to the 9th Day of February 1610-11, and on that Day dissolved.—Although several Bills were proceeded on, in both Houses, No Statute was made in this Session. See the Journals of the House of Lords.

Anno 12° JACOBI, I. A.D. 1614.

A New Parliament was summoned and met on the 5th Day of April 12 Jac. I. A.D. 1614, and sate until the 7th Day of June following, on which Day it was dissolved.—Although several Bills were proceeded on, in both Houses, No Statute was made in this Parliament. See the Journals of both Houses.

( 1208 )

Annis 18° & 19° JACOBI, I. A.D. 1620-1. & 1621-2.

A New Parliament was summoned to meet on the 16th Day of January,

18 Jac. I. A.D. 1620-1; It met, after Two Prorogations, on the 30th of that Month. On the 22d Day of March Two Acts received the Royal Assent, by a Commission dated the 21st, viz.

I. —An Act for the Grant of Two entire Subsidies, granted by the Temporalty.

II. —An Act for Confirmation of the Subsidies granted by the Clergy.

These Acts are not inrolled in Chancery, nor have the Original Acts, to which the Commission was annexed, been found at the Parliament Office ; but they are referred to, by their Titles, in the Calendars there; and also in the several Printed Editions of the Statutes, the earliest obtained being that of Pulton’s Collection, printed A.D. 163 a.

On 4 June 19 Jac. I. A.D. 1621, this Parliament was adjourned to 14 November ensuing, and from thence to the aoth of that Month ; on which Day it met and sate until 19 December, when it was adjourned to 8 February 1621-3, and on that Day was dissolved.

In this Parliament several Acte passed both the Houses, none of which however received the Royal Assent, except the Two Subsidy Acte before mentioned, and of these no Copies, Manuscript or Printed, have been obtained.

A Roll of this Parliament is preserved in the Rolls Office in Chancery, indorsed " Rotulus judiciop redditop in Parliamento tens apud Westm anno regni Regis Jacobi Anglie etc. Decimo Octavo." This is referred to by the Calendar of Acts of Parliament at the Rolls, under " Anno Decimo Octavo Jacobi R." as " An Acte conteyning the Censure geven in Parliament against S' Gyles Mompesson, Sir Frauncis Mitchell, Fraunds Viscount S' Albane Lord Chancellor of England, and Edward Flood." The Roll contains the several Proceedings in Parliament, and the respective Judgments of the House of Peers against those Offenders.

It appears on Search made in the Exchequer at Westminster, that the Subsidies of the Temporalty & Clergy were actually collected and accounted for; but no Copy of the Acts has been found preserved there.

( 1209 )

Anno 21° [& 22?] JACOBI, I. A.D. 1623-4. [& 1624.]

STATUTES made IN THE PARLIAMENT,

Begun and holden at Westminster, on the Nineteenth Day of February, In the TWENTY-FIRST Year, and there continued Until and upon the Twenty-ninth Day of May next following,

In the TWENTY-SECOND Year of the Reign of K. JAMES, I.

€x JElotulo #arltamenri toe anno regnt 3JacoM &eg<0 angllc &cotte fxancie $ ^tbernte, auteestmo primo.

ROTULUS PARLIAMENTI tend apud Westmonasterium die Jo vis decimo nono die Februarii Anno Regni Serenissimi Domini nostri Jacobi Dei gratia Anglie Francie et Hibemie Regis Fidei defensoris, &c. Vicesimo primo, et Scode Quinquagesimo septimo. (' )

CHAPTER L

An Act for the erecting of Hospitallf and Working Howses for the Poore.

WHEREAS in the Parliament held in the nyne and thirtieth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth of happie memorie, a good Law was made, intituled An Acte for erecting of Hospitallf or abiding and working Houses for the Poore; but the Power Licence and Authoride given by the said Statute to erect found and establish such Houses and abiding Places as are therein mencioned was confined to the space of Twentie Yeares then next ensuing, which said tyme is now expired; Be it therefore enacted by the Authoride of this psent Parliament, That the said Acte and all Things therein conteyned, shall from henceforth be revived and made ppetuall to have contynuance for ever.

St. j9 Elis. c. j. for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses, made perpetual

And be it alsoe enacted, That all Hospitallf Measons de Dieu and abiding Places for poore lame maimed and impotent People, or for Houses of Correction at any tyme since the said Twentie Yeares expired, erected founded or made, or at any tyme hereafter to be erected founded or made according to the purport of the said Statute, shalbe incorporated and have ppetuall Succession and Capacitie to have take and 'enjoy all other Priviledges Benefittf and Immunities to all Intentf and Purposes, according to the Pvisions Tenor Purport and true meaning of the said Acte as if the same had byn made founded or endowed within the space of Twentie Yeares next ensuing the saide Statute.

II.

Hospitals, tee, erected since Expiration of 39 EH*- e. S-declared to be incorporated, under that Act.

(1) The Statute in all Printed Copies has been entitled as of the Twenty-first Year. There are Two Rolls of this Year in Chancery, each having the above Title : One containing the 32 Acts printed as Chapters I. to XXXII. of the Statute of this Year, as also the Act for the General Pardon, printed as Chapter XXXV. of the Statute: The other Roll contains the Two Acts for the Subsidies, printed as Chapters XXXIII. and XXXIV. of the Statute; as also certain Proceedings in Parliament relative to Prince Charles’s Journey to Spain. There is also a Third Roll of this Parliament, intituled " Altera Pars Rotuli Parliament! tend," See. and indorsed " Rotulus Judicii redditi in Parliamento - - - Westm anno Vicesimo primo Jacobi Regis - - 9sus Lionel 1 Comitem Middlesex." In the Calendar this is entered as " An Act containing the Censure given in Parliament against Lyonell Earle of Middlesex but it has never been printed as Part of the Statute of this Year.

No List of Acts follows the Head of the Roll as above printed, although a Blank has been left apparently for that Purpose. The Titles of the several Acts are written in the Margin of the Inrollments. A List of the Private Acts follows the Inrollment of the General Pardon : This List is printed in the Chronological Table of the Titles of the Acts contained in this Volume.

Vofc.IV.

14 F.

uig

tv


1210

21° Jac. I. c.2.

A.D. 1623-4.

I

No Landa, or Hrreditamenta (other than Franchitea,) shall be claimed by the Crown, unleu the Renta or Profits thereof were answered, or in charge, to the Crown within Co Years next before the Beginning of this Parliament.

The Title of all Persons and Corporations, having enjoyed uninterruptedly against the Crown for the last Sixty Years, confirmed, against the Crown;

and against any Grantees under Letters Patent made on Suggestion of Concealment.

Proviso for Reversions and Remainders in the Crown j and Titles first accrued within the preceding Sixty Years.

III.

CHAPTER II.

An Act for the generall quiett of the Subject against all ptences of Concealementf.

THE Kings most excellent Majestie of his blessed and gracious disposicion and abundant Grace desiring that his loving Subjects and their Heirs and Successors may quietlie have and hold all and singular Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf which they their Ancestors or Predecessors or any other by from or under whome they claime, have of long tyme enjoyed, is graciouslie pleased that it be enacted and be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie, by and with the Assent and Consent of Lords Spiritual! and Temporall and the C5mons in this psent Parliament assembled and by Authorise of the same. That the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors, shall not at any tyme hereafter sue impeach question or implead any pson or p6ons Bodies Pollitique or Corporate for or any wise concerning any Mannors Landes Tenementf Rents Tithes or Hereditamentf, other then Liberties and Franchesies, or for or in any wise concerning the Revenues Issues or Profittf thereof or make any Title Claime Challenge or Demaund of in or to the same or any of them by reason of any Right or Title accrued and growen threescore yeares past and more and now in esse, unlesse his Majestie or some of his Progenitors Predecessors or Ancestors or some other pson or psons Bodies Politique or Corporate under whome his Majestie any thing hath or lawfullie daymeth, have bene aunswered by force and vertue of any such Right or Title to the same, the Rent Revenues Issues or Pfittf thereof within threescore yeares next before the begynning of this psent Session of Parliament or that the same have byn duly in charge to his Majestie or the late Queene Elizabeth or have stood insup of Record within the said space of threescore yeares: And that every Pson and Psons Bodies Politique and Corporate their Heires and Successors and all clayming by from or under them or any of them for and according to their and every of their severall Estates and Interests which they have or claime to have in the same respectivelie, shall hereafter quietlie and freelie have hold and enjoye against his Majestie his Heires and Successors clayming by any Title accrued or growen threescore yeares past or above and now in esse, all and singular Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Tythes and Hereditamentf whatsoever, except Liberties and Francheses which he or they or his or their or any of their Auncestors or Predecessors or those from by or under whome they claime have held or enjoyed or taken the Rents Revenues Issues or Profittf thereof by the space of threescore yeares next before the begynning of this psent Session of Parliament, unlesse his Majestie or some of his Progenitors Predecessors or Ancestors or some other Pson or Psons Bodies Politique or Corporate by from or under whome his Majestie any thing hath or lawfullie claymeth in the said Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Tythes or Hereditamentf by force of any Right or Title, have been aunswered by vertue of any such Right or Title, the Rents Revenues Issues or other Proffittf thereof within threescore yeares next before the beginning of this psent Session of Parliament, Or that the same have been duly in charge or stood insup of Record as aforesaid within the said space of threescore yeares : And furthermore, that every Pson and Psons Bodies Pollitique and Corporate their Heires and Successors and all clayming by from or under them or any of them, for and according to their and every of their severall Estates and Interests which they have or claime respectivelie, shall quietlie and freelie have hold and enjoy all such Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Tythes and Hereditamentf, except Liberties and Francheses, as they now have claime or enjoy, whereof his Majestie his Progenitors Predecessors or Auncestors, or he or they by from or under whome his Majestie any thing hath or lawfully claymeth or some of them, by force of some Right or Title to the same have not bene aunswered by vertue of such Right or Title the Rents Revenues Issues or Profittf thereof within threescore yeares next before the begynning of this psent Session of Parliament; Nor the same have bene duly in charge or stood in sup of Record as aforesaid within the said space of threescore yeares, against all and every pson and psons their Heires and Assignes having clayming or ptending to have any Estate Right Title Interest Claime or Demaund whatsoever of in or to the same by force or colour of any Letters Patentf or Grants upon suggestion of Concealement or wrongfull deteyning or not being in charge or defective Titles, or by from or under any Patentees or Grantees or any Letters Patentf or Grants uppon suggestion of Concealement or wrongfull detayning or not being in charge or defective Titles, of or for which said Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Tythes and Hereditamentf or any of them, no Verdict Judgment Decree judiciall Order uppon hearing or Sentence now standing in force hath byn had or given in any Action Bill Plaint or Informacion in any of his Majesties Courts at Westm for or in the Name of the Kings Majestie or of the late Queene Elizabeth or for any of the said Patentees or Grauntees or for their or any of their Heires or Assignes within threescore yeares next before the beginning of this psent Session of Parliament.

Provided allwaies, That this Act or any thing therein contayned, shall not extend to barre impeach or hinder his Majestie, his Heires or Successors, of for or from any Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Tythes or Hereditamentf, whereof any Reversion or Remainder now is in his Majestie for or concerning the said Reversion or Remainder ; Nor of for or from any Reversion or Remainder or possibilide of Reversion or Remainder in any of his Majesties Progenitors or Predecessors or Ancestors, which by the Expiracion and other Determinacion of any limitted Estate of Fee Simple, or of any Fee Tayle or other particuler Estate hath or ought to have fallen or become in Possession within the Space of Threescore yeares next before the begynning of this psent Session of Parliament; nor of for or from any Right or Title first accrued or growen to his Majestie, or any of his Progenitors Predecessors or Auncestors, of in or to any Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Tithes or Hereditamentf within the Space of Threescore yeares next before the beginning of this psent Session of Parliament and not before.

Provided alsoe, and be it enacted by authoritie of this psent Parliament, That this Acte or any thing therein conteyned shall not extend to any Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Tythes or Hereditamentf menebned to be graunted or conveyed by any of his Majesties Progenitors Predecessors or Auncestors, or by any other under whome

i*i

of

r

if

n


a

in

11

jj

i

ii


B

I


D


i!

i

is

E

a

ii

i

b


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c.2.

1211

his Majestie claymeth, to any pson or psons of any limitted Estate in Fee Simple, or of any Estate in Taile or other

pticuler Estate, which severall Estatf (if the same had bene good and effectuall in Lawe) have or ought to have expired within

fallen or become in poosession within Threescore yeares next before the beginninge of this f?sent Session of

Parliament, nor to any Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Tythes or Hereditamentf mencftned to be graunted or

conveyed by any of his Majesties Progenitors Predecessors or Auncestors, or by any other under whome his Majestie

claymeth, to any pson or psons in Fee Tayle or other pticuler Estate, whereof the Reverc&n or Inheritance yf such Estate

Tayle or other pticuler Estate had bene good and effectuall in Lawe, should have bene and contynued in his Majestie

the first day of this p*sent Session of Parliament.

IV.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That all and singuler the said provi*o for Mannors Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf shalbe holden of his Majestie, his Heires and Successors, and of I^l!!^TI.1<!^.Rgnt*,

other pson and psons Bodies Politique and Corporate, their Heires and Successors respectivelie by the same Tenures holden of the

Services Fee Farmes Chiefe Rents Herriottf and other Duties, to all Intentf and Purposes as the same should or Crown* &c-ought of Right to have bene holden if the Estates Rights and Interests established and made sure by this psent Acte, had bene before the makinge of this Acte, firme good and effectuall in Lawe.

Savingb to every pson and psons Bodies Politique and Corporate, their Heires and Successors, other then his cenerlj String most excellent Majestie, his Heirs and Successors, and other then all Patentees or Grauntees of Concealment? or for Title* of defective Titles, and all and every pson or psons clayming from by or under them, or any of them, for in respect StranSer‘-or by reason of any such Patentf or Grauntf of Concealmentf or defective Titles, all such Rights Title Interest Estate Rents Cdmons Customes Duties Pfittf and other Claymes and Demaundf whatsoever in to or out of the said Mannors Lands Tenementf Tythes or Hereditamentf as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the makinge of this Acte; Any thinge in this Acte to the contrary notwithstandinge.

Provided alwayes. That this Acte nor any thinge therein conteyned shall extend to debarre his Majestie, his protiw^ Heires or Successors, of or from such Clayme or Demaund as his Majestie hath made or may rightfullie make unto Duty on Coal* a ?taine Dude or Custome of Two pence uppon a Chaldron of Sea Coale to be paid in the Porte of the Towne of 11 ™wc*,t e' Newcastle uppon Tyne, with the Members thereof, but that the same shalbe and remayne in such Sorte and Degree as if this Acte had never bene had or made.

(') Provided alsoe and be it enacted, That where any Fee Farme Rent or other Rent or Rents have bene aunswered fu^Rent*

and paid to the Kings Majestie, or to any his Predesessors, by the more parte of Threescore yeares last past, out of See. annexed to any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, of which Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, the Estates Rights or Interests beinge defective, are established and made sure by this psent Acte, that the Kings Majestie, his confirmed.

Heires and Successors, shall from henceforth for ever have holde and enjoy the said Rentes and Arrerages thereof in such Manner and Forme and as fully and amplie as the same were enjoyed by the more parte of Threescore yeares last past before the beginning of this Session of Parliament.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoritie of this Psent Parliament, That noe puttinge in charge nor standinge insup nor takinge [nor*] aunsweringe the Farme Rents Revenues or Pffittf of any of the said Lands Tenem*f or Hereditamentf, by force coulor or ptext of any Ires Patentf or Grauntf of Concealmentf or defective Titles or Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf out of charge or by force coulor or ptext of any Inquisic&ns Presentmentf by or by reason of any Comission or other Authoritie to fynd out Concealmentf defective Titles, or Lands Tents or Hereditamentf out of Charge, shalbe deemed construed or taken to be a putting in charge standing insup or takinge or aunsweringe the Farme Rents Revenues or Pffittf by or to his Majestie, or any of his Progenitors or Predecessors; unlesse thereuppon such Lands Tents or Hereditamentf have bene, uppon any Informac&n or Suite on the Behalfe of his Majesty or of any his Progenitors or Predecessors, uppon a lawfull Verdict given or Demurrer in Lawe adjudged, or uppon a Hearing ordered or decreed, for his Majestie or any of his Progenitors or Predecessors, or any of them, within the said Space of Threescore yeares.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, That this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned shall not extend or be prejudiciall to his Majestie for or conceminge any Mannors Lands Tents or Hereditamentf for which any Composic&n Right* of the is or before the End of this Session of Parliam’ shall be made with his Majesties Cdmissioners for defective Titles, ^mpounded^so* and the Moneys by such Composif&ns payable to his Majestie not paid before the End of this Session of Parliament* of

unlesse the said Moneys shalbe paid, and his Majesties Ires Patentf peured accordinge to the true Intent of such Composif&ns, within Three Moneths after the end of this Session of Parliam’.

VIII. Title to Land* granted a* concealed. See. shall not accrue to the Crown, unleu upon Verdi&i, See. within *uch Sixty Year*.

1 The following Provisoes are annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


1212

21° Jac.I. c. 3.

A.J).\62S- 4

The King’s Declaration against Monopolies and Grants of Penalties and Dispensations;

All Monopolies, and Grants, 4cc. thereof, or of Dispensations, and Penalties, declared roid.

II.

Validity of all Monopolies, and of all such Grants, &c. shall be tried by the Common Law.

III.

All Persons disabled to use such Grants, Monopolies, &c.

IV.

Party aggrieved by any Monopoly or Grant, &c. shall recover Treble Damages by Action in the Superior Courts, with Double Costs.

Penalty on unduly delaying any such Afihon, &c. Premunire under St.i6Ric. Il. c.j.

CHAPTER HI.

An Act concerning Monopolies and Dispensations with penall Lawes and the Forfeyture thereof.

TT^ORASMUCH as your most excellent Majestie in your Royall Judgment and of your blessed Disposi£&n to the Weale and Quiet of your Subjects, did, in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred and ten, publish in Print to the whole Realme and to all Posteritie, that all Grauntf of [ Monapolyes1 ] and of the benefitt of any penall Lawes, or of power to dispence with the Lawe, or to compound for the Forfeiture, are contrary to your Majesties Lawes, wch your Majesties Declaration is truly consonant and agreeable to the auncient and fundamental! Lawes of this your Realme: And whereas your Majestie was further graciously pleased expressely to comaund that noe Suter should psume to move your Majestie for matters of that Nature; yet nevertheles uppon Misinformations and untrue ^fences of publique good, many such Grauntf have bene undulie obteyned and unlawfullie putt in execuc&n, to the greate Greevance and Inconvenience of your Majesties Subjects, contrary to the Lawes of this your Realme, and contrary to your Majesties royall and blessed Intenc&n soe published as aforesaid: For avoyding whereof and pventinge of the like in tyme to come, May it please your most excellent Majestie at the humble Suite of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this p*sent Parliament assembled, That it may be declared and enacted, and be it declared and enacted by [the ’] authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That all [ Monapolies 1 ] and all Comissions Grauntf Licences Charters and ires patentf heretofore made or graunted, or hereafter to be made or graunted to any pson or psons Bodies Politique or Corporate whatsoever of or for the sole buyinge sellinge makinge workinge or usinge of any thinge within this Realme or the Dominion of Wales, or of any other Monopolies, or of Power Libtie or Facultie to dispence with any others, or to give Licence or ToleratiOn to doe use or excise any thinge against the tenor or purport of any Lawe or Statute, or to give or make any Warrant for any such Dispensation Licence or ToleraciOn to be had or made, or to agree or compound with any others for any Penaltie or Forfeitures lymitted by any Statute, or of any Graunt or Pmise of the Benefitt Pffitt or Comoditie of any Forfeiture Penaltie or s5me of Money that is or shalbe due by any Statute before Judgement thereuppon had, and all Proclamac&ns Inhibitions Restraintf Warrantf of Assistance and all other Matters and Things whatsoever any way tendinge to the instituunge erecting strengtheninge furtheringe or counten'ncinge of the same or any of them, are altogether contrary to the Lawes of this Realme, and so are and shalbe utterlie void and of none effecte, and in noe wise to be putt in ure or execution.

And be it further declared and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all Monopolies and all such Comissions Grauntf Licences Charters ires patentf Proclamations Inhibitions Restraintf Warrantf of Assistance and all other Matters and Things tendinge as aforesaid, and the force and validitie of them and every of them ought to be, and shalbe for ever hereafter examyned heard tryed and dePmined by and accordinge to the Comon Lawes of this Realme & not otherwise.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That all pson and psons Bodies Politique and Corporate whatsoever, which now are or hereafter shalbe, shall stand and be disabled and uncapable to have use excise or putt in ure any Monopolie or any such Comission Graunt Licence Charters ires Patentf Proclamac&n Inhibition Restraint Warrant of Assistance or other Matter or Thinge tendinge as aforesaid, or any Libtie Power or Facultie grounded or ptended to be grounded upon them or any of them.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if any pson or psons at any tyme after the end of sortie dayes next after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, shalbe hindred greeved disturbed or disquieted, or his or their Goods or Chattellf any way seised attached distreyned taken carryed away or deteyned by occasion or ptext of any Monopolie, or of any such Comission Graunt Licence Power Libtie Facultie tres Patentf Proclamation Inhibic&n Restraint Warrant of Assistance or other Matter or Thinge tendinge as aforesaid, and will sue to be releeved in or for any of the pmisses, that then and in every such case the same pson and psons shall and may have his and their remedie for the same at the Comon Lawe, by any ActiOn or ActiOns to be grounded uppon this Statute, the same ActiOn and ActiOns to be heard and determyned in the Courts of Kings Bench Comon Pleas and Exchequer, or in any of them, against him or them by whome he or they shalbe so hindred greeved disturbed or disquieted, or against him or them by whome his or their Goods or Chattellf shalbe soe seized attached distrayned taken carried away or deteyned, wherein all and every such pson and psons which shalbe soe hindred greeved disturbed or disquieted, or whose Goods or Chattellf shalbe soe seised attached destrayned taken or carryed away or detayned, shall recover three tymes soe much as the damages which he or they susteyned by means or occasion of beinge soe hindred greeved disturbed or disquieted, or by meanes of havinge his or their Goods or Chattellf seised attached distrayned taken carryed away or deteyned, and [in ’ ] double Costs; and in such Suits, or for the staying or delaying thereof, noe Essoine Protection Wager of Lawe Aydeprayer Priviledge Injunction or Order of Restraint shalbe in any wise prayed graunted admitted or allowed, nor any more than one Imperlance; And if any pson or psons shall, after Notice given that the ActiOn dependinge is grounded uppon this Statute, cause or peure any Acc&n at the Comon Lawe grounded uppon this Statute to be stayed or delayed before Judgement, by coulor or meanes of any Order Warrant Power or Authoritie, save onely of the Court wherein such ActiOn as aforesaid shalbe brought and dependinge, or after Judgement had uppon such ActiOn, shall cause or peure the Execuc&n of or uppon any such Judgement to be stayed or delayed by coulor or meanes of any Order Warrant Power or Authoritie, save onelie by Writt of Error or Attaint, that then the said pson and psons soe offendinge shall incurre and sustaine the Paines Penalties and Forfeitures ordeyned and provided by the Statute of Provision and Premunire made in the Sixteenth yeare of the Raigne of King Richarde the Second.

k*

1*

t*

,1*

$*

i«*

!*


M

i*

,0

ti

tit

iii


si

ita

Up

i k

ti

ti

h

h

ib

il

a

1 Monopolies 0.

• 0. omits.

A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 3.

1213

Provided neverthelesse, and be it declared and enacted, That any Declarac&n before menc&ned, shall not extend to any Ires Patentf and Grauntf of Priviledge for the tearme of one and twentie yeares or under, heretofore made of the sole workinge or makinge of any manner of newe Manufacture within this Realme, to the first and true Inventor or Inventors of such Manufactures, which others att the tyme of the makinge of such Letters Patentf and Grauntf did not use, soe they be not contrary to the Lawe nor mischievous to the State, by raisinge of the prices of Comodities at home, or hurt of Trade, or generallie inconvenient, but that the same sbalbe of such force as they were or should be if this Acte had not bene made, and of none other; And if the same were made for more then one and twentie yeares, that then the same for the tearme of one and twentie yeares onely, to be accompted from the date of the first Ires Patentf and Grauntf thereof made, shalbe of such force as they were or should have byn yf the same had bene been made but for tearme of one and twentie yeares onely, and as if this Acte had never bene had or made, and of none other.

Provided alsoe and be it declared and enacted, That any Declarad&n before menc&ned shall not extend to any Ires Patentf and Grauntf of Privilege for the tearme of fowerteene yeares or under, hereafter to be made of the sole working or makinge of any manner of new Manufactures within this Realme, to the true and first Inventor and Inventors of such Manufactures, which others at the tyme of makinge such tres Patentf and Grauntf shall not use, soe as alsoe they be not contrary to the Lawe nor mischievous to the State, by raisinge prices of Comodities at home, or hurt of Trade, or generallie inconvenient; the said fourteene yeares to be [accomplished 1 ] from the date of the first ires Patentf or Grant of such priviledge hereafter to be made, but that the same shall be of such force as they should be if this Act had never byn made, and of none other.

Providbd alsoe, and it is hereby further intended declared and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That this Act or sny thing therein conteyned shall not in any wise extend or be (Pjudidall to any Graunt or Priviledge Power or Authoritie whatsoever heretofore made graunted allowed or confirmed by any Act of Parliament now in force, so long as the same shall so continue in force.

Provided alsoe. That this Act shall not extend to any Warraunt or Privie Seale made or directed, or to be made or directed by his Majestie his Heirs or Successors, to the Justices of the Courts of the Kings Bench or Comon Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, Justices of Assize, Justices of Oyer and Terminer, and Goale Deliverie, Justices of the Peace, and other Justices for the tyme being, having power to hear and determyne Offences done against any Penall Statute, to compound for the Forfeitures of any Penall Statute depending in Suite and Question before them or any of them respectively, after Plea pleaded by the Partie Defendant.

Provided alsoe, and it is hereby further intended declared and enacted, That this Act or any thing therein contayned shall not in any wise extend or be p'judiciall unto the City of London, or to any Cittie Borough or Towne Corporate within this Realme, for or concerning any Grauntf Charters or tres Patentf to them or any of them made or granted, or for or conning any Custome or Customes used by or within them or any of them, or unto any Corporacions Companies or Fellowshipps of any Art Trade Occupation or Mistery, or to any Companies or Societies of Merchantf within this Realme, erected for the maynten*nce enlargement or ordering of any Trade of Merchandize, but that the same Charters Customes Corporacions Companies Fellowshipps and Societies, and their Liberties Priviledges Power and Imunities, shalbe and continue of such force and effect as they were before the making of this Act, and of none other ; Any thing before in this Act contayned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it enacted, That this Act or any Declaracion Provision Disablement Penaltie Forfeiture or other thing before menc&ned, shall not extend to any ires Patentf or Grants of Priviledge heretofore made or hereafter to be made of for or concerning Printing; nor to any Comission Graunt or ires Patentf heretofore made or hereafter to be made of for or concerning the digging making or compounding of Saltpeter or Gunpowder; or the casting or making of Ordinance or Shot for Ordinance; nor to any Graunt or Letters Patentf heretofore made or hereafter to be made of any Office or Offices heretofore erected made or ordayned, and now in being and put in execucion, other then such Offices as have been decryed by any his Majesties Proclamacion or Proclamacions ; but that all and every the same Grauntf Comissions and tres Patentf, and all other Matters and Things tending to the maynteyning strengthening or furtherance of the same or any of them, shalbe and remayne of the like force and effect, and no other, and as free from the Declaracions Provisions Penalties and Forfeitures contayned in this Act, as if this Act had never ben had nor made, and not otherwise.

Provided also and be it enacted, That this Act or any Declarac&n Provision Disablement Penaltie Forfeiture or other Thing before menc&ned, shall not extend to any Comission Graunt Ires Patentf or Priviledge heretofore made or hereafter to be made of for or concerning the digging compounding or making of Allome or Allome Mynes, but that all and every the same Co missions Grauntf Letters Patentf and Priviledges shalbe and remayne of the like force and effect, and no other, and as free from the Declaracions Provisions Penalties and Forfeitures conteyned in this Acte, as if this Act had never byn had nor made, and not otherwise.

Provided also and be it enacted, That this Act or any Declarac&n £*vision Penaltie Forfeiture or other Thing before menc&ned, shall not extend or be fPjudiciall to any Use Custome p'scripcion Franchise Freedome Jurisdiction Imunitie Libertie or Priviledge heretofore claymed used or enjoyed by the Governors and Stewardf and Brethren of the Fellowshippe of the Hoastmen of the Town of Newcastle uppon Tyne, or by the auncient Fei/owshipp Guild or Fraternitie comonlie called Hoastmen; for or concerning the selling carrying lading disposing shipping venting

1 accompted 0.


V.

Proviso for existing Patents for 21 Years or less, for new Inventions.

VI.

Proviso for future Patents for is. Years or less, for new Inventions.

vn.

Proviso for existing Grants by Act of Parliament.

VIII. Proviso for Warrants to Justices to compound Penalties.

IX.

Proviso for Charters of London and other Corporations.

X.

Proviso for Patents concerning Printing,

Saltpetre, Gunpowder, Ordnance, ike. and Grants of Offices.

XI.

Proviso for Patents, &c. concerning Allum Mines.

XII.

Proviso for Customs, ire. of Hoast-men of Newcastle, as to Coals.

GOC >glC

1214

21° Jac. I. c.3,4.

A.D. 1623-4.

Licence) for Tarems, See.

XIII. Promo for Grants for Glau making;

Exportation of Calrei Skins.

XIV. Proviso for Grants for making Smalti.

Melting Iron Ore.

or trading of for any Seacoales Stonecoales or Pitcoales forth or out of the Haven and Ryver of Tyne; or to a Graunt made by the said Governor and Stewardf and Brethren of the Fellowshipp of the said Hoastmen to the late Queene Elizabeth, of any Dutie or some of Mony to be paid for or in respect of any such Coales as aforesaid; Nor to any Grauntf ires Patentf or Comission heretofore graunted or hereafter to be graunted of for or concerning the licensing of the keepinge of any Taverne or Tavemes, or selling uttering or retayling of Wines to be drunke or spent in the Mansion House or Houses, or other Place, in the Tenure or Occupac&n of the Partie or Parties so selling or uttering the same; or f°c or concerning the making of any Composicftns for such Licenses, so as the Benefitt of such Composicions be reserved and applyed to and for the Use of his Majestie, his Heirs or Successors, and not to the private Use of any other pson or psons.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted, That this Acte or any Declaracion Provision Penaltie Forfeiture or other Thing before mencioned, shall not extend or be p*judiciall to a Graunt or Priviledge for or concerning the making of Glasse by his Majesties ires Patentf under the Greate Seale of England, bearing date the two and twentith day of May in the One and twentith yeare of his Majesties Raigne of England, made and graunted to Sir Robert Maunsell KnigM» Vice Admirall of England ; nor to a Graunt or ires Patentf bearing Date the Twelveth day of June in the Thirteenth yeare of his Majesties Raigne of England, made to James Maxwell Esquire, concerning the Transportacion of Calves Skinnes, but that the said severall ires Patentf last mencioned, shalbe and remaine of the like force and effect, and as free from the Declaracions Provisions Penalties and Forfeitures before mencioned as if this Acte had never byn had nor made, and not otherwise.

Provided also and be it declared and enacted, That this Act or any Declaracion Provision Penaltie Forfeiture

or other Thing before menc&ned, shall not extend or be jPjudiciall to a Graunt or Priviledge for or concerning the

making of Smalt by his Majesties ires Patentf under the Greate Seale of England, bearing date the sixteenth day of February in the Sixteenth yeare of his Majesties Raigne of England, made or graunted to Abraham Baker; Nor to a Graunt or Priviledge for or concerning the melting of Iron Ewer and of making the same into

Castworkes or Barres, with Seacoales or Pitcoales, by his Majesties ires Patentf under the Great Seale of England,

bearing date the Twentith day of Februarie in the Nyneteenth yeare of his Majesties Raigne of England, made or graunted to Edward Lord Dudley, but that the same severall ires Patentf and Grauntf shalbe and remayne of the like force and effect, and as free from the Declaracions Provisions Penalties and Forfeitures before menc&ned, as if this Act had never byn had nor made, and not otherwise.

Oppreision of Proceeding!, in the Superior Court!, upon Penal Statute!.

Offences under Penal Statute! shall be prosecuted before Justices in the Counties where such Offences were committed.

II.

In all Information!, Sec. oa Penal Statutes the true County where the Offence was

CHAPTER IV.

An Act for the Ease of the Subject concerning the Informac&ns uppon Penall Statutf.

WHEREAS the Offences against divers and sondry Penall Lawes and Statutes of this Realme may better and with more Ease and lesse Charge to the Subject be comenced sued informed against psecuted and tryed in the Countyes where such Offences shalbe comitted; And whereas the poore Comons of this Realme are greivouslie charged troubled vexed molested and disturbed by divers troublesome psons comonly called Relators Informers and Promotors, by psecuting and inforcing them to appeare in his Majesties Courts at Westminster, and to aunswere Offences supposed by them to be comitted against the said Penall Lawes and Statutes, or else to compound with them for the same: For Remedy whereof be if enacted by the authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That all Offences hereafter to be comitted against any Penall Statute, for which any edmon Informer or Promoter may lawfullie ground any popular Accion Bill Plaint Suite or Informacion before Justices of Assise, Justices of Nisi Prius or Gaole Delivery, Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or Justices of the Peace in their Generali or Quarter Sessions, shall after the end of this p>sent Session of Parliament be comenced sued prosecuted tried recovered and determined by way of Accion Plaint Bill Informac&n or Indictement before the Justices of Assise, Justices of Nisis prius, Justices of Oyer and Terminer, and Justices of Gaole Deliverie, or before the Justices of Peace of every Countie Cittie Borough or Towne Corporate and Libertie, having Power to enquire of hear and determine the same within this Realm of England or Dominion of Wales, wherein such Offences shalbe comitted in any of the Courts Places of Judicature or Liberties aforesaid respectivelie, onelie at the Choice of the Parties which shall or will comence Suite or psecute for the same, and not elsewhere, save onelie in the said Counties or Places usuall for those Counties, or any of them; And that like Pcesse uppon every popular Accion Bill Plaint Informacion or Suit to be comenced or sued or psecuted after the End of this p*sent Session of Parliament by force of or according to the Purport of this Act, be had and awarded to all Intentf and Purposes as in an Accion of Trespas Vi & Armis, at the Comon Lawe ; And that all and all manner of Informacions Accions Bills Plaintf and Suits whatsoever, hereafter to be comenced sued psecuted or awarded, either by the Attorny Generali of his Majestie, his Heirs or Successors for the tyme being, or by any Officer or Officers whatsoever for the tyme being, or by any Comon Informer or other pson whatsoever, in any of his Majesties Courts at Westminster, for or concerning any [of1 ] the Offences Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, shalbe void and of none Effect; Any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That in all Informacions to be exhibited and in all Bills Counts Plaintf and Declaracions in any Accion or Suit to be comenced against any pson or psons either by or on the behalfe of the King or any other for or concerning any Offence comitted or to be comitted against any penall Statute, the Offence shalbe layed and alleaged to have been comitted in the said Countie where such Offence was in

1 0. omits.

i

t

i

V

i

i

I

i

t

i

il

I

I

j

ji

i

i

1

s

n

rl

il

i

t

k

i

I

1

i

i

i

i

I

i

I

I


I

A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 4,5.

J215

truth comitted and not elswhere; And if the Defendant to any such Informacion Accion or Suit pleadeth that he oweth nothing, or that he is not guilde; and the Plaintiffe or Informer in such Informacion Accion or Suit uppon Evidence to the Jury that shall try such Issue, shall not both prove the Offence laid in the said Informacion Accion or Suit, and that the same Offence was comitted in that Counde, then the Defendant and Defendants shalbe found Not guilde.

And be it further enacted by the Authoride aforesaid,' That no Officer or Minister in any Courte of Record shall receive file or enter of Record any Informacion Bill or Plaint Count or Declaracion grounded uppon the aid penall Statutf or any of them which before by this Act are appointed to be heard and determined in their pper Counties until the Informer or Relator hath first taken a Corporall Oath before some of the Judges of that Court that the Offence or Offences laid in such Informac6n Accion Suit or Plaint was or were not comitted in any other Counde then where by the said Informacion Bill Plaint Count or Declaracion the same is or are supposed to have bene comitted, and that he beleeveth in his Conscience the Offence was comitted within a yeare before the Informacion or Suit within the same Counde where the said Informacion or Suit was commenced; the same Oath to be there entred of Record.

And be it alsoe enacted by the Authoride aforesaid. That if any Informacion Suit or Accion shalbe brought or exhibited against any pson or psons for any Offence comitted or to be comitted against the form of any penall Law, either by or on the behalfe of the King or by any other, or on the behalf of the King and any other, itt shalbe lawful for such Defendants to pleade the Generali Issue that they are Not guilde, or that they owe nothing, and to give such speciall Matter b Evidence to the Jury that shall try the same; which Matter bebg pleaded had bene good and sufficient Matter b Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants against the Informacion Suit or Accion, and the said Matters shalbe then as availeable to him or them to all intentf and purposes as if he or they had suffidentlie pleaded sett forth or alledged the same Matter b barre or discharge of such Informacion Suit or Accion.

Provided alwaies, That this Act or any Clause contayned therein, shall not extend to any Informacion Suit or Accion grounded uppon any Lawe or Statute made against Popish Recusantf or for or concerning Popish Recusancy, or against those that shall not frequent the Church and heare Divine Service; Nor to any Informacion Suit or Accion for Maintn*nce Champertye or buying of Titles; Nor to any Suit or Informacion grounded uppon the Statute made in the first yeare of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord the King of a Subsidie graunted to the King of Tonnage Poundage Wooll 8cc.; Nor for or concerning the concealbg or defrauding the Kbg his Heires or Successors of any Custome Tonnage Poundage Subsidie Impost or Prisage; Or for transporting of Gold Silver Ordinance Powder Shot Municion of all sorts Wooll Woollfells or Leather: But that such Offence may be laid or alleaged to be in any Counde at the pleasure of any Informer; Any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

committed shall be stated and proved, or the Defendant shall be acquitted.

III. Informer shall swear that Offence was committed in the County Rated in the information, Ac. and within One Year preceding.

IV. Defendants in Penal Actions may plead the General Issue.

V.

Exceptions; Recusancy, Ac. Maintenance; Tonnage and Poundage under I Jac. I. c. jj.

Frauds on Customs, See.

Exportation of Gold, &c.


CHAPTER V.

An Acte y* Shreifff havbg a Quietus est shalbe absolutly dischardgd of theire Accomptf.

FORASMUCH as divers Sheriffes of severall Counties withb this Realme of England and Dombion of Wales have byn of late much troubled and vexed long tyme after that they have passed their Accomptf and had their Quietus est, and charged anew with Arrerages Debts and other somes of Mony p'tended to have byn by them levied and received and not formerlie accompted for, to the great discouragement of others to take uppon them the said Office; Be it therefore enacted by the Kbgf most excellent Majestie and the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authoride of the same, That whensoever any Sheriffe or Sheriffes withb this Realme of England or Dominion of Wales uppon the passbg of their Accomptf shall have their Quietus est, that then and from thenceforth the said Sheriffe or Sheriffes their Heires Executors and Admbistrators Lands Tents Goods and Chattellf shalbe absolutelie discharged of all manner of some or somes of Mony wc,> he or they shall have so levied orr eceived, and ^tended not to be accompted for withb the said Accompt whercuppon he or they had their Quietus est, unlesse such Sheriffe or Sherifff shalbe called in question for such some or somes of Mony ptended to be levied and received and not accompted for withb the space of Foure yeares after the tyme of their said Accompt and Quietus est; And that every Officer or Minister that shall send out or cause to be sent out any Writt or Pcesse, or by whose default any Writt or Pcesse shalbe sent out contrary to this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the Partie greived Forde Pounds with his Costs and Damages; the said some of Fortie Pounds and the said Costs and Damages to be recovered by any Accion of Debt Bill Plabt or Informacion to be brought and psecuted in the Court of the Kings Bench or the Court of the Comon Pleas, at the Eleccion of the Plabdffe, wherein no Priviledge Pteccion Essobe or Wager of Law shalbe allowed to the Defendant.

And further be it enacted, That every such Offender being three tymes lawfullie convicted of any such Offence Qfl. ,r- . ^ or Offences upon the Tryall of such Accion of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacion, shall for such his Offence and , Thbl^me Offences contrary to the true meaning of this Act, be utterlie disabled to be or contynue in any Office or Imployment "lcaPacll,lt<1-b the said Court of Exchequer or b any other Court of Justice whatsoever.

Vexation of Sheriffs after Quietus obtained

Quietus shall discharge of all Sums not claimed within Four Years after.

Penalty on Officers proceeding contrary to this Act, 4&40 to the Sheriff grieved.


21° Jac.I. c. 6, 7,

A.D.\6TSA.

CHAPTER VI.

An Acte concerning Women convicted of smale Felonies.

Benefit of Clergy not allowed by Law to Women j Women convicted of clergyable Felonies shall be branded in the Hand, Sec.

WHEREAS by the Lawes of this Realme the Benefitt of Clergie is not allowed to Women convicted of Felonie, by reason whereof, many Women doe suffer Death for small Causes; Be it enacted by the Authoritie of this Psent Parliament, That any Woman being lawfullie convicted by her Confession, or by the Verdict of Twelve Men, of or for the felonious taking of any Mony Goods or Chattellf above the value of Twelve Pence and under the value of Ten Shilling^ or as Accessary to anie such Offence, the said Offence bang no Burglary nor Robbery in or neere the Highway, nor the felonious taking of any Mony Goods or Chattellf from the pson of any Man or Woman privilie without his or their knowledge, but onelie such an Offence as in the like case a Man might have his Clergie, shall for the first Offence be branded and marked in the Hand upon the Brawne of the left Thumbe with a hot burning Iron having a Romane T uppon the said Iron ; the said Marke to be made by the Jaylor openlie in the Court before the Judge, and alsoe to be further punished by Imprisonment Whipping Stocking or sending to the House of Correccion, in such sort manner and form and for so long time (not exceeding the space of one whole yeare) as the Judge Judges or other Justices before whome she shalbe so convicted, or which shall have Authoritie in the Cause, shall in their discredon thinke meete, according to the qualitie of the Offence, and then to be delivered out of Prison for that Offence; Any Law Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstandinge.

This Act to continue untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

CHAPTER VII.

An Acte for repressing of Drunckennesse.

St. l Jac. I. c. 9. & 4 Jac. I. c. c. made perpetual.

WHEREAS one Statute, intituled An Acte to restraine the inordinate haunting of tipling in Innes Alehouses and other Victualling houses, made in the first yeere of his Highnes happy Raigne of England j And another Statute, intituled An Acte to represse the odious and loathsome Sinne of Drunkennesse, made in the fowerth yeare of his Highnes Raigne of England, were made to contynue to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament, and by Experience have bene found good and necessary Lawes; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Statutes, with the Alteracions and Addicions hereafter expressed, shalbe put in due execucion and continue for ever.

II.

One Witness sufficient to convict. Aliy Offender convicted on his own Confession,

■ sufficient Witness.

And whereas by the said Statutf Proofe of two Witnesses is required ; Be it enacted, That Proofe of one Wimesse from henceforth shalbe allowed and taken for sufficient in that behalfe; And that the voluntarie Confession (before any such psons as by the said Acte are authorised to minister the Oath) of any pson offending either of the said Statutes shall suffice to convince the pson so offending, after such Confession the Oath of the Parde so confessing shall and may be taken and be a sufficient Proofe against any other offending at the same tyme.

HI.

Persons tippling in Alehouses, in Places where they do not dwell, declared liable to Penalties of

lie. I. c. 5. } 3. Confession, &c.

And be it further enacted, That if any other pson or psons, wheresoever his or their Habitacion or Abiding be, shall at any tyme hereafter be found uppon View or his owne Confession or Proofe of one Witnesse, to be dpling in any Inne Ale house or Victualling house, such pson or psons shalbe from henceforth adjudged and construed to be within the said Statutes as if he or they had inhabited and dwelt in the Cine Towne Corporate Markett Towne Village or Hamlett where the said Inne Ale house or Victualling house is or shalbe, where he or they shalbe so found tipling, and shall incurre the like Penaltie, and the same to be in such sort levied and disposed, as in the said Act is expressed concerning such as there inhabite ; and the voluntary Confession of such p6on or psons so offending before such as by the said Statutf are authorised to minister the Oath, shall suffice to convince themselves; And after such Confession the Oath of such pson or psons so confessing shall and may be taken by such as by the said Acte have Authoritie to minister an Oath, and shalbe a sufficient Proofe against any other offending at that tyme.

IV.

One Justice may convict for Drunkenness on View, See. Penalty cs. as under Jac. I. c. j.

Second Offence, Surety for good Behaviour.

And be it further enacted, That any Justice of Peace in any Countie, and any Justice of Peace or other Head Officer in any Cittie or Towne Corporate, within their Limittf respectively, shall from henceforth have Power and Authoritie uppon his owne View, Confession of the Parde or Proofe of one Witnesse uppon Oath before him, which he by virtue of this Acte shall have power to administer, to convince any pson of the Offence of Drunkennesse whereby such pson so convict shall incurre the Forfeiture of Five Shillingf for every such Offence, and the same to levied or the Offender otherwise punished as in the said Statute is appointed; And for the second Offence shall become bound to the good behaviour as if he had byn convicted in open Sessions; Any thing in the said former Statute made in the fowerth yeare of his Majesties Raigne to the contrary notwithstanding.


4 AD. 162S-4. 21° Jac. I. c. 7, 8.

1217

K

k

k

k

i>

i

i

k

ik

-■

B,

It

BE

I


V

ii

IB

V r i

And be it further enacted, That if any pson being an Alehousekeep, or that shall at any tyme hereafter be an Alehousekeeper, shall at any tyme hereafter be lawfullie convict for any Offence against any the Branches of either of the said two former Statutes, according to the Alteracions and Addic6ns [therein contayned, or against the true meaning of this pfeent Statute, that every pson so convict shall for the space of three yeares next ensuing the said Conviccion, be utterlie disabled to keepe any such Alehouse.

And Whereas in the said Statute made in the fowerth yeare of his said Majesties Raigne, entituled An Act to represse the odious and loathsome Sinne of Drunkennesse, Constables Churchwardens Headboroughes Tithingmen Aleconners and Sidemen are appointed in the Oathes incident to their Offices, to be likewise charged to f*sent the Offences contrary to the said Statute; Be it enacted, That the said Oath shall alwaies hereafter be also inlarged and extend to psent all Offences done contrary to the Statute made in the first Session of Parliament held in the first yeare of his Highnes Raigne, intituled An Acte to restraine the inordinate haunting and tipling in Innes and Alehouses and other Victualling houses, with the Alteracions and Addicions in [this’} Act contayned made in the said fowerth year of his said Majesties Raigne, according to the Alteracions and Addicions of the same, in this Act expressed.

V.

Alehou*ekeeper* convicted of Offence*, incapacitated for Three Year*,

VI.

Charge to Con (table* required'by 4 Jac. I. c. 5. § 6. extended to Offence* under l Jac.1. c. 9. andthi* Act.

CHAPTER VIII.

An Acte to Pvent and punishe the Abuses in pcuring Pcesse and Supsedias of the Peace,

& Writtf of <?ciorare.

WHEREAS divers turbulent and contentious psons, some out of Malice and others in hope of Gaine, by way Oppreuion* by

of Composicion doe oftentimes uppon their Corporall Oathes peremptorily and corruptlie taken, or otherwise Sftbe'pMcei^dnai uppon false suggestions and surmises, pcure Pcesse of the Peace or good behaviour out of his Majesties Courts of Partic*, from Chauncerie and Kings Bench against divers of his Majesties quiett Subjects, whose Dwelling^ and Abodes are for the Ch*ncer7 or K-Bl most part in Countreys farre distant and remote from the said Courts to their intolerable trouble and vexacion, whereas they might uppon good Cause shewed, receive Justice at the hands of the Justices of the Peace in the Counties where they dwell: For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That No »uch Proce* all Pcesse of the Peace or good behaviour after the end of this Session of Parliament to be graunted or awarded out ou^o^*uch"court», of the same Courts or either of them, against any pson or psons whatsoever at the Suit of or by the psecucion of any but upon Motion pson or psons whatsoever, shalbe void and of none effect, unlesse such Pcesse shalbe so graunted or awarded uppon o,tfTof^he Pinie* Mocion first made before the Judge or Judges of the same Courts respectivelie, (sitting in open Court, and uppon *PPlJinK Declaracion in Writing uppon their Corporall Oathes to be then exhibited unto them by the Parties which shall desire such Pcesse) of the Causes for which such Pcesse shalbe graunted or awarded by or out of any the said Co»t» and Damages Courts respectivelie, and unlesse that such Mocion and Declaracion be mencioned to be made uppon the backe of t^CourtiMLo"* y the Writt; the said Writings there to be entred and remayne of Recorde: And that if it shall afterwards appeare unto Parties grieved, the said Courts or either of them respectivelie, that the Causes expressed in such Writings or any of them be untrue, that then the Judge or Judges of the said Courts or either of them respectivelie, shall and may award such Costs and Damages unto the Parties greived for their or any of their wrongfull vexacions on that behalfe, as they shall thinke fitt;

And that the Partie or Parties soe offending shall and may be comitted to Prison by such Judge or Judges untill he or they pay the said Costs and Damages.

And Whereas divers turbulent and contencious psons deservedlie fearing to be bound to the Peace or good Collusion, by behaviour by the Justices of Peace of the Counties where they dwell, doe oftentymes pcure themselves to be bound ^"^bound'to to the Peace or good behaviour in the said Courts or one of them uppon insufficient Sureties or uppon colourable beep the Peace, Psecucion of some pson or psons who will be readie at all tymes to release them at their owne pleasure, whereuppon tf«Bi*e?rei,

his Majesties Writtf of Supsedeas are oftentymes directed to the Justices of Peace and other his Majesties Officers, and a^Su^ersedeas

requiring them and every of them to forbeare to arrest or imprison the Parties aforesaid for the Causes aforesaid, by 0 0 er roceM 1

meanes whereof the said turbulent and contencious psons misdemeane themselves amongest their Neighbours with impunitie, to the great Offence and Disturbance of their Neighbours amongest whome they converse and live, and to the Affront of the Justices of Peace, and to the evill example and incouragement of like evill disposed psons; Be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That all Writtf of Supsedeas after the end of this p>sent Session of Supersedeas shall Parliament to be graunted by or out of either of the Courts aforesaid shalbe void and of none effect, unlesse such MouoiTin open0" Pees be graunted likewise uppon Mocion in open Court first made as aforesaid, and uppon such sufficient Sureties as c<^r?*an^ uP°n shall appeare unto the Judge or Judges of the same Court respectivelie uppon Oath, to be assessed at Five Pounds &c.cient Surety*

lands or Ten Pounds in Goods in the Subsidie Booke at the least; which Oathes and the Names of such Suerties,

with the Places of their Abode and where they stand so assessed in the Subsidie Bookes, shalbe entered and remayne of Record in the same Courts; And unlesse it shall also first appeare unto the said Judge or Judges from whome such Supsedeas is desired, that the Pcess of the Peace or good behaviour is psecuted against him or them desiring such Supsedeas bona fide by some Partie greived in that Court out of which such Supsedeas is desired to be so awarded and directed.

1 herein 0. « the said 0.


.4 G

1218

21° Jac. I. c. 8, 9.

A.D. 1623-4.

hi.

False or insufficient Sureties and their Procurers m»v be punished, in the Discretion of the Courts.

IV.

Evils by removing Indictments for Riots, Assaults, tcc. into the superior Courts, by Certiorari;

Certiorari shall be delivered at the Sessions in open Court, and not allowed, unless the Party indicted become bound to pay the Costs of the Prosecution.

Benefits of the Manufacture of Cloth in Wales;

Restraints thereon by Drapers of Shrewsbury, &c.

Welsh Cloths may be freely huught and sold.

II.

Welsh Cloths may be freely exported to foreign Parts, paying Customs,

die.

And Whereas divers lewd and evil disposed psons comonly called comon Baylers or Knightf of the Post, being base and beggarlie psons, do oftentymes peure themselves to be assessed at high Rates in the Subsidie Bookes, and sometymes do falselie take uppon them the Names of other Men of good Abilide, of purpose to enable themselves to be accepted for Bayle, which psons being of small or no Abilide or Worth, are ready for Lucre and Gaine to become bound by Recognizance as Suerties for such psons as shall peure themselves to be bound to the Peace or good Behaviour as aforesaid, by meanes whereof the Judge or Judges of the said Courts not knowing them, may be easilie abused and Justice deluded : Be it therefore enacted by the authoririe aforesaid, That the Judge or Judges of the Courts aforesaid respeedvelie, or of either of them, uppon Proofe of any the Misdemeanors aforesaid to be comitted in the obtayning of the aforesaid Writtf of Supsedeas, or peuring such Suertie as aforesaid, shall and may likewise punish the false and insufficient Suerdes and Baylers aforesaid, and the Pcurers thereof, according to their Discrecions, so as such Punishment extend not to the Losse of Life or Member.

And Whereas divers Bills of Indictment of Ryot Forcible Entrie or of Assault and Battery, being found before the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions of the Peace or otherwise, are oftentymes removed from the Coundes where such Indictmentf are found, by Writtf of Cerciorari unto them directed out of the said Courts, by or by the Meanes of the psons so indicted, who well know that few or no psons greived by such their Outrages and Misdemeanors whereof they stand so indicted, will undergoe the Travell or Charge of Psecucion of such Indictmentf soe removed, by bringing the Parties so indicted to Triall, by Meanes whereof such Offenders for the most Part escape unprosecuted and unpunished, and the King loseth the Fines which ought and should have bene imposed uppon them, if such Indictmentf had bene psecuted and not removed: Be it therefore enacted, That all such Writtf of Cerciorari shall from and after the End of this p>sent Session of Parliament, be delivered at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace in open Court; And that the Parties indicted shall before the Allowance of such Cercioraries, become bound unto such pson or psons which shall psecute such Bills of Indictment against them, in the some of Ten Pounds, with such sufficient Suerties as the Justices of Peace at their said Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall thinke fitt, with condicion to pay unto the said Prosecutors of such Billes of Indictment, within One Moneth after the Conviccion of such Parties indicted, such reasonable Costs and Damages as the said Justices of Peace of such Counties where such Bills of Indictment shalbe found in the said Sessions of the Peace shall assesse or allow; And that in default thereof it shall be lawfiill for the said Justices to pceed to Tryall of such Indictmentf ; Any such Writtf of Cerciorari to remove the same Indictmentf notwithstanding.

CHAPTER IX.

An Acte for the free Trade of Welch Clothes.

WHEREAS the Trade of makinge of Welsh Clothes Cottons Frizes Liningf and Plaines within the Principalitie and Dominion of Wales, is and hath jbene of long Contynuance, in the using and exercising whereof many Thousands of the poorer Sort of the Inhabitantf there in p>cedent Ages have byn sett on worke in Spinning Carding Weaving Fulling Cottoning and Shering, whereby they (having free Libertie to sell them to whome and where they would) not onlie releeved and mayntayned themselves and their Families in good Sort, but also grew to such Wealthe and Meanes of Living as they were thereby enabled to pay and discharge all Duties Mizes Charges Subsidies and Taxacions which were uppon them imposed or rated in their several Counties Parishes and Places wherein they dwelled, for the Releife of the Poore, and for the Service of the King and the Comonwealth; And whereas also the Drapers of the Town of Shrewsburie, in the Countie of Salop, have of late obtayned some Orders of Restraint, whereby the Inhabitantf of Wales finde themselves much fPjudiced in the Freedome of their Markettf for buying and selling of their Clothes, to their greate Damage as was verefied by the generall Voice of the Knightf and Burgesses of the Twelve Shires of Wales and of the Countie of Monmoth: For remedie whereof, be it declared and enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporal!, and Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled, and by the authoririe of the same. That it shall and may be lawfull to and for all and every his Majesties Subjects inhabiting or dwelling, or which at any Time hereafter shall inhabite or dwell within the said Dominion of Wales, or any parte thereof, freelie to sell by way of a Barter or otherwise, all or any their Welch Clothes Cottons Frizes liningf or Plaines, at their Wills and Pleasures, to any p6on or psons who lawfullie by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme may buy the same ; And that it shall and maye also be lawfull for any pson and psons who by the Lawes or Statutes of this Realme may lawfullie buy such Clothes, and other the fPmisses, freely to buy the same of any pson or psons inhabiting or dwelling or which hereafter shall inhabite or dwell within the said Dominion of Wales: Any Charter, Grant, Act Order or any Thing else heretofore made or done, or hereafter to be made or done to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authoririe aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any pson or or psons using or which shall use the Trade of Marchandize, to transporte into any the parts beyond the Seas any of the said Welch Clothes Cottons Frizes Liningf and Plaines, out of any Ports or Havens within this Realme of England or Dominion of Wales, or out of any the Members thereof, where his Majestie his Heirs or Successors have or shall then have Officers attending to search view and controll the same, and to receive the Kings Majesties Customes and other

*^' Goc >gle

A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c.9 —11

1219

Dudes due and payable for the same; So as alwaies the Customes and other Duties payable for such Clothes and other the pmisses so to be transported, shalbe justlie and dulie paid for the same; And so as alwaies the said Welch Clothes Cottons Frizes Lyningf and Plaines,' before the transporting thereof, shalbe fulled cottoned and sheared as in formec tymes they have used to be; And that no pson shall transport the said Clothes in other manner then as aforesaid, uppon paine to forfeit the whole value of such Clothes so to be transported contrary to the true meaning of this Act, the one halfe of all which Forfeitures to be to his Majestie, his Heires and Successors, and the other Halfe to such pGon or psons as will sue for the same by Informacion Bill Plaint Accion of Debt or otherwise, in any of his Majesties Courts of Record, wherein no Essoine Proteccion Priviledge or Ley Gager shalbe allowed to the Defendant.

This Act to indure and contynue for the terme of Seaven yeares from the end of this Session of Parliament, and from thenceforth to the end of the next Session of Parliament ensuing after the end of those Seaven yeares.

HL

Coutinuance of this Act.

Provided alwaies. That this Act or any thing therein contayned, shall not give Power or Authoride to any Fort- tri'.hall not

Forreiner or Forreiners to buy and sell by way of Retaile any the said Welch Clothes Cottons Frizes Liningf or retail Welsh Clothe

Plaines within the Towne of Shrewsbury, or in any other Corporate Towne or priviledged Place, contrary to any 'n sbrtw,bury»Scc*

lawful Charter Graunt Custome Priviledge or Liberde in the same Towne or Place now being or used.

CHAPTER X.

An Acte of repeale of one Braunch of a Statute made in the xxxuij1" yere of King Henry the Eight.

WHEREAS the Subjects of the Countrey and Dominion of Wales have been constantlie loyall and obedient, V ▼ and have lived in all dudfull subjeccion to the Crowne of England; And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the foure and thirdth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Eight, intituled An Act for certaine Ordinances in the Kings Majesties Dominion and Principalitie of Wales, amongest other Thbgf it is enacted and ordeyned in theise Words: Item, it is further enacted by the authoride aforesaid. That the Kings most Royall Majestie shall and may at all tymes hereafter from tyme to tyme change adde alter order minish and reform all manner of Things afore rehearsed as to his most excellent Wisdome and Discrecion shalbe thought convenient, and also to make Lawes and Ordinances for the Comonwealth and good Quiett of his said Dominion of Wales, and his Subjects of the same, from tyme to tyme at his Majesties Pleasure ; Any thing conteyned in this Acte or in the said Acte made for the Shire Ground of Wales, or any other Acte or Acts Thing or Things to the contrary thereof heretofore made in any wise notwithstanding; And that all such Alteracions of the pmisses, or any part thereof, and all such Lawes and Ordinances to be hereafter made devised and published by authority of this Act, by the Kings Majestie in Writing under his Highnes Greate Seale, shalbe of as good Strength Vertue and Effect, as if they had bene had and made by authoritie of Parliament: And forasmuch as it is manifest by long Experience that the Lawes and Statutes alreadie ordayned for the said Countrey, are in effect and for the most part agreable to the Lawes and Statutes of this his Highnes Kingdome of England, and all and every of the same obeyed with great alacritie; And for that after so long a Quiet amongst them any future Change or Innovacion herein would be dangerous, and for the Abolicion of distinccion and difference betweene the Subjects of England and Wales, his most excellent Majestie tendering the common and constant good of the said Countrey and Dominion of Wales, and of their Posteritie for ever hereafter is graciouslie pleased, that it may be enacted by his Majestie with the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this £>sent Parliament assembled, and be it enacted by the authoritie of the same. That the said recited Branch of the said Act of Parliament, and every Article Word and Sentence in that Branch contayned, be utterlie repealed and made void and of none effect to all Intentf Construccions and Purposes, as if the said Branch had never byn made or contayned in the said Acte:. And that the Kings Majestie his Heirs or Sucessors shall not by virtue of the said Clause or Branch of the said Act, at any tyme hereafter alter change or reforme any Lawes Usage or Custome, or make any new Lawes for or concerning the said Dominion or Principalitie of Wales.

Puovided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all and every Clause Article and thing contayned in the aforesaid Act of Parliament, other then the aforesaid Branch before recited, shall stand remayne and be in as full Force and Effect to all Intentf Construccions and Purposes as if this psent Act had never byn had or made.

Loyalty and Obedience of the Welsh:

it. J4.3SH.VIH. . 16. h 59-jiving the King

' *« .1... tU.

Danger of exercising such Power:

Recited Clause repealed.

The King shall not exercise such Power.

II.

Recited Act confirmed in all other Parts.

CHAPTER XI.

An Acte for ConfirmafSn of a Judgment geven against Henry Heron.

WHEREAS our Soveraigne Lord the King by his Highnes tres Patentf sealed with the Greate Seale of England, bearing date at Gorhambury the fist day of August in the seaventeenth yeare of his Raigne of England, reciting certaine tres Patentf of the late Queene Elizabeth made to one Henry Warner, did graunte to one Henry Heron the sole Power Priviledge License and Authoritie of salting drying and packing of Fish b the Counties of Devon and Cornewall, and b all and singuler Parts and Places of the same, aswell within Liberties as without, To have from the date of the said tres Patentf durbg the terme of one and thirtie yeares from thence next following,

Letters Patent Aue. 17 Jac. I. to Henry Heron, for curing Fish in Devonshire and Cornwall, for 31 Yean;


1220

21° Jac. I. c. 11,12.

A.D. 1623-4.

Scire facias in Chancery in Easter Term 19 lac. 1. to revoke •aid Letters Patent;

Judgment for revoking same, on Default of Appearance by the Patentee

The said Judgment confirmed.

fully to be compleat and ended, as amplie as the said Henry Warner or any other had the same under a certaine yeerelie Rent in the same ires Patentf specified, by which all others were inhibited to put in practise the salting drying and packing of Fish within the Counties during the said terme without the license of the said Henry Heron his Executors Administrators or Assignes; And where our said Soveraigne Lord the King by his Writt of Sdr faS dated at Westminster the seaven and twentith day of March in the nyneteenth yeare of his Raigne of England, issuing out of his Court of Chauncery, which was then at Westminster in the Counde of Middlesex, where the said ires Patentf were inrolled of Record, to the said Sheriffe of the said Counde of Middlesex directed, reciting his Majesties said tres Patentf, and reciting also amongest other things that the said tres Patentf made to the jpjudice of the libertie of his Subjects and their c5mon damage, and in deceit of his Majesde, were void and of none effect; and that it ptayned to his Majestie by his Royalde which he would not should be wanting to ease his Subjects in any case, to revoke and make void such tres Patentf of Grants of Liberties hurtfull to his People, and whereby they may be more burthened then accustomed, and that his Majestie willing to conserve the Lawes and Customes of the Realme and Liberties and free Customes of his Subjects, whose pfitt he esteemed as his owne, and alsoe to p'serve the Rights of his Crowne, by the said Writt comaunded the said Sheriffe to warne the said Henry Heron to be in the said Chauncery fifteene daies after Easter then coming, to aunswere the (Pmisses, and to shew if he could, wherefore the said tres Patentf should not be revoked, to be made void, and why the Inrollement of them should not be cancelled; Before the day of the retome of which Writt, the said Henry Heron was warned by the Sheriffe of the said Countie of Middlesex to be at the said day in the said Chauncery to shew cause as by the said Writte was required, and at the day of the said retorne of the said Writt, the Sheriffe of the said Countie did retorne the said Writt executed, and that he had warned the said Henry Heron as by the said Writt was required; At which day the said Henry Heron made default, and uppon his default, Judgement was given that the said tres Patentf to him made should be revoked and void, and that the Inrollement of them should be cancelled, as by the Record of the said Judgement remayning in the said Court of Chauncery doth appeare: Be it enacted by the authoritie of this Parliament, That the said Judgement be and shall sand in full force and effect at all tymes hereafter; And that the said tres Patentf made to the said Henry Heron of the libertie of salting drying and packing of Fishe, and all things contayned in them, be utterlie voide frustrate and of none effect.

CHAPTER XII.

An Acte for ease in Pleading, against troublesom and contencious Suits.

St. 7 Jac. I. c.5. TT THERE AS an Acte intituled An Act for ease in Pleading, against troublesome and contencious Suits psecuted

made perpetual. V T against Justices of the Peace Maors Constables and certaine other His Majesties Officers, for the lawfull

Execucion of their Office, made in the Seaventh yeare of His Majesties most happy Raigne of England, was made to contynue but for seaven yeares, and from thence to the end of the next Parliament after the said seaven yeares, which by Experience hath since byn found to be a good and pfitable Lawe; Be it therefore enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie, the Lords Spiritual! and Temporall, and the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, That the said Act shall from and after the end of this p>sent Session of Parliament, be ppetuall and have contynuance for ever.

II.

Churchwarden* and Overseers shall have the Benefit of recited Act.

And Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That all Churchwardens, and all psons called Swome men, executing of the Office of Churchwardens, and all Overseers of the Poore, and all others which in their Ayd or Assistance, or by their comaundement shall doe any thing touching or concerning his or their Office or Offices, shall hereafter be enabled to receive and have such benefitt and helpe by vertue of the said Act, to all Intentf Construccions and Purposes as if they had byn especially named therein.

III.

Action* brought against Justice*, fcc. in foreign Countiet;

Action* anintt Justices of Peace, Corporate Officer*. Constable*, ChurrhwardensAc. shall be laid in the County where the Pact was committed.

Defendant* may plead General 1 *«ue.

On Failure of Proof of Locality of Cause of Action,

And Whereas notwithstanding the said Statute, the Plaintiffe is at libertie to lay his Accion which he shall bring against any Justice of Peace or other Officer, in any forayne Countie at his choice, which hath proved very inconvenient unto sundry of the Officers and psons aforesaid, that have byn impleaded by some contencious and troublesome psons, in Countries farre remote from their places of Habitacions; Be it therefore further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That if any Accion Bill Plaint or Suit uppon the Case Trespasse Battery or false Imprisonment, shalbe brought after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, against any Justice of Peace Maior or Bayliffe of City or Towne Corporate Headborough Portreeve Constable Tithingman Collector of Subsidie or Fifteenes Churchwardens and psons called Swome men, executing the Office of Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poore and their Deputies, or any of them, or any other which in their Ayde or Assisance, or by their comandement shall doe any thing touching or concerning his or their Office or Offices, for or concerning any matter cause or thing by them or any of them done by vertue or reason of their or any of their Office or Offices, that the said Accion Bill Plaint or Suit shalbe laid within the Countie where the Trespasse or Fact shalbe done and comitted, and not elswhere j and that it shalbe lawfull to and for all and every p6on and psons aforesaid, to plead thereunto the Generali Issue, that he or they are not guiltie, and to give such speciall matttr in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the same, as in or by the said former Act is lymitted or declared: And that if uppon the tryall of any such Accion Bill Plaint or Suit, the Plaintiffe or Plaintifff therein shall not prove to the Jury which shall trye the same, that the Trespasse Battery Imprisonment or other Fact or Cause of his her or their such Accion Bill Plaint or Suit, was or were had made comitted or done


ytf.£U623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 12—14.

1221

within the Countie wherein such Accion Bill Playnt or Suite shalbe laid, that then in every such case the Jury which Defendjiu .hill ^ shall try the same shall finde the Defendant and Defendants in every such Accion Bill Plaint or Suite not guilde, Double Com™ without having any regard or respect to any Evidence given by the Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes therein, touching the Trespasse Battery Imprisonment or other Cause for which the same Accion Bill Plaint or Suit is or shalbe brought:

And if the Verdict shall passe with the Defendant or Defendants in any such Accion Bill Plaint or Suite, or the Plaintiffe or Plaindffes therein become nonsuit or suffer any Discontynuance thereof, that in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall have such double Costs, and all other Advantages and Remedies as in and by the said former Act is lymitted directed or provided.

CHAPTER XIII.

An Acte for the further Reformac&n of Jeofayles.

WHEREAS in the Two and thirtith yeare of the Raigne of King Henry the Eight of famous memory, a good and profitable Law intituled An Act concerning mispleading Jeofayles and Attornies was made and enacted; and likewise another good and profitable Lawe was made in the Eighteenth yeare of the Raigne of our late Soveraigne Lady Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Act for Reformacion of Jeofayles; by which Lawes many Delays of Judgmentf were pvented, and yet notwithstanding many Things have and dailie doo fall out not yet pvided for nor remedied by the Lawes before mencioned ; Be it therefore enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That if any Verdict of Twelve Men or more shall hereafter be given for the Plaintiffe or Demandant, or for the Defendant or Ten*nt Baily in Assise Vouchee Pray in ayde or Ten*nt by Receit in any Accion Suit Bill Plaint or Demand in any Court of Record, the Judgment thereuppon shall not be staied nor reversed by reason of any varriance in forme onelie betweene the originall Writt or Bill, and the Declaracion Plaint or Demaund, or for lacke of an averment of any Life or Lives of any pson or psons, so as uppon Examination, the said pson be proved to be in Life, or by reason that the venire faC fleas corpora or distringies is awarded to a wrong Officer, uppon any insufficient Suggestion, or by reason the Visne is in some Part misawarded or sued out of more Places, or of fewer Places then it ought to be, so as some one Place be right named, or by reason that any of the Jury which tried the said Issue is misnamed, either in the Sirname or Addicion in any of the said Writtf, or in any Retorne uppon any of the said Writtf so as uppon Examinacion it be proved to be the same Man that was meant to be retorned, or by reason that there is no Retorne uppon any of the said Writtf, so as a Panned of the Names of Jurors be retorned and annexed to the said Writt, or for that the Sheriffes Name or other Officers Name having the Retoume thereof, is not set to the Retorne of any such Writt, so as uppon Examinacion it be proved that the said Writt was retorned by the Sheriffe or Undersheriffe, or such other Officer, or by reason that the Plaintiffe, in any ejecf&e firme or in any psonall Accion or Suit, being an Infant under the Age of One and twenty yeares, did appeare by Attomy therein, and the Verdict passe for him;

Any Lawe Custome or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing therein contayned shall not extend to Not to t0 any Writt Declaracion or Suite of Appeal of Felony or Murther, nor to any Indictment or psentment of Felony criminal Appeal., Murther or Treason, nor to any pcesse uppon any of them, nor to any Writt Bill Accion or Informacion uppon any " ^naf Action., popular or penall Statute; Any thing therein contayned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Deficiencie. of Statutea of Jeofail, 3% H. VIII. c.30. 18 Eliz. c. 14.

After Verdict in a Court of Record, Judgment shall not be staid or reversed, for Variance in Form, Want of Averment, erroneous Venire of Jury, See. or Appearance of Infant by Attorney.

CHAPTER XIV.

An Acte to admytt the Subject to plead the Generali Yssue in Informa£6ns of Intrusion.

WHERE the King out of his prerogative Royall, may inforce the Subject in Informacions of Intrusion brought against him to a speciall Pleading of his Title, the Kings most excellent Majestie out of his gracious Disposicion towards his loving Subjects, and at their humble Suit being willing to remitt a part of his auncient and Regall Power, is well pleased that it be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Commons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same, That whensoever the King his Heirs or Successors, and such from or under whome the King claymeth, and ail others clayming under the same Title under which the King claymeth, hath byn or Bhalbe out of Possession by the Space of Twentie yeares, or hath not or shall not have taken the Profittf of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf within the Space of Twentie yeares before any Informacion of Intrusion brought or to be brought to recover the same, That in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants may plead the Generali Issue, if he or they so thinke fitt, and shall not be p>ssed to plead specially, and that in such Cases the Defendant or Defendants shall reteine the Possession he or they had at the tyme of such Informacion exhibited, untill the Title be tryed found or adjudged for the King.

And Be it further enacted, That where an Informacion of Intrusion may fitly and aptly be brought on the Kings behalf, that no Scire facias shalbe brought whereunto the Subject shalbe forced to a spialJ Pleading, and be deprived of the grace intended by this Act.

On Informition. for Intrusion, on Crown Lands, whereof the King hath been out of PosKssion for 20 Year., the Defendant may plead the General luue, and retain Possession till Title found for the King.

II.

Scire facias shall not be brought instead of Information.


14 H

a by Go ^lc

Original from PENN STATE

1222

21° Jac. I. c. 15,16.

A.D. 1623-4.

CHAPTER XV.

An Acte to enable Judgf & Justicf of the Peace to geve Resdtuc&n of Possession in certayne Cases.

Restitution of Possession shall be given, to avoid forcible Entries, &c. in Estates for Yean.

BE it enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That such Judges Justices or Justice of the Peace, as by reason of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, are authorised and enabled uppon enquiry to give Restitucion of Possession unto Ten*ntf of any Estate of Freehold, of their Lands or Tenementf, which shalbe entred uppon with force, or from them withholden by force, shall by reason of this psent Act have the like and the same Authoritie and Abilitie from henceforth uppon Indictment of such forcible Entries or forcible withholdinge before them duly found, to give like Restitucion of Possession unto Ten*ntf for term of yeares, Ten*ntf by Copie of Court Rolle Guardians by Knightf Service Ten*ntf by Elegit Statute Merchant and Staple of Lands or Tenementf by them so holden, which shalbe entred uppon by force or holden from them by force.

CHAPTER XVI.

An Acte for lymytac&n of Accbns, and for avoyding of Suits in Lawe.

For quieting of Estates, Stc.

All Writs of Formedon shall in future be sued within ao Years after Title accrues;

And Entry into Lands made within the like Time.

FOR quieting of Mens Estates and avoiding of Suits, Be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and C5mons in this psent Parliament assembled. That all Writtf of Formedon in Descender, Formedon in Remainder and Formedon in Reverter, at any tyme hereafter to be sued or brought of or for any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf whereunto any pson or psons now hath or have any Title, or cause to have or pursue any such Writt, shall be sued and taken within Twentie yeares next after the end of this psent Session of Parliament; and after the said Twentie yeares expired, no pson or psons, or any of their heires, shall have or mayntayne any such Writt of or for any of the said Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf ; and that all Writtf of Formedon in Descender Formedon in Remaynder and Formedon in Reverter of any Mannors Lands Tenementf or other Hereditamentf whatsoev', at any tyme hereafter to be sued or brought by occasion or meanes of any Title or cause hereafter happening, shalbe sued and taken within Twentie yeares next after the Title and Cause of Accion first descended or fallen, and at no tyme after the said Twentie yeares: And that no pson or psons that now hath any Right or Title of Entry into any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf nowe held from him or them, shall thereunto enter but within Twenty yeares next after the end of this Psent Session of Parliament, or within twenty yeares next after any other Title of Entrie accrued ; and that no pson or psons shall at any tyme hereafter make any Entrie into any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, but within Twentie yeares next after his or their Right or Title which shall hereafter first descend or accrue to the same; and in default thereof such psons so not entring, and their Heirs, shalbe utterlie excluded and disabled from such Entrie after to be made; Any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

A

»J»

0

i*

t

«»

if

f>

I>

a

i>

t>

a

A

A


it

id

a

II.

Infant!, &c. may bring their Action within i o Yean after their Disability ceases.

HI. Limitation of Time within which certain personal Actions shall be brought, viz.

Actions on the Case, Account, Trespass, Replevin, &c. within Six Years

Assaults, See. within Four Years;

For Words, within Two Yean.

Provided neverthelesse. That if any pson or psons that is or shalbe intitled to such Writt or Writtf, or that hath or shall have such Right or Title of Entry, be or shalbe, at the tyme of the said Right or Title first descended accrued come or fallen, within the Age of One and twentie yeares, Feme Covert, non compos mentis imprisoned or beyond the Seas, that then such pson and psons, and his and their Heire & Heires, shall or may notwithstanding the said Twentie yeares be expired, bring his Accion or make his Entry as he might have done before this Act, soe as such pson and psons, or his or their Heire & Heires, shall within Ten yeares next after his and their full Age Discoverture coming of sound Minde Inlargement out of Prison or coming into this Realme or Death, take benefitt of and sue forth the same, and at no tyme after the said Ten yeares.

And Be it further enacted, That all Accions or Trespas, Quare clausum fregit, all Accions of Trespas, Detinue, Accion sur Trover and Replevyn for taking away of Goods and Cattell, all Accions of Accompt and uppon the Case, other then such Accomptf as concerne the Trade of Merchandize betweene Marchant and Marchant, their Factors or Servantf, all Accions of Debt grounded upon any lending or contract without specialtie, all Accions of Debt for Arrerages of Rents, and all Accions of Assault Menace Battery Wounding and Imprisonment, or any of them which shalbe sued or brought at any tyme after the end of this psent Session of Parliament shalbe comenced and sued within the tyme and lymitacion hereafter expssed, and not after, (that is to saie) the said Accions uppon the Case (other then for slander), and the said Accions for Accompt, and the said Accions for Trespas Debt Detinue and Replevin, for Goods or Cattell, and the said Accion of Trespass, Quare clausum fregit, within three yeares next after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, or within sixe yeares next after the cause of such Accions or Suit, and not after ; And the said Accions of Trespas of Assault Battery Wounding Imprisonment, or any of them, within one yeare next after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, or within foure yeares next after the cause of such Accions or Suite, and not after; And the said Accions uppon the Case for Words, within one yeare after the end of this Psent Session of Parliament, or within two yeares next after the Words spoken, and not after.

V- A

v*.AU6’23-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 16,17.

1223

And neverthelesse be it enacted, That if in any the said Acdons or Suit?, Judgement be given for the Plaintiffe, and IV.

the same be reversed by Error, or a Verdict passe for the Plaintiffe, and uppon Matter alledged in Arrest of Judgement, the Judgement be given against the Playntiffe, that he take nothing by his Plaint 'Writt or Bill, or if any the said ^T°r*

Accions shalbe brought by Originall, and the Defendant therein be outlawed, and shall after reverse the Outlawry, brou^t'vntiun that in all such cases the Partie Plaintiffe his Heirs Executors or Administrators, as the case shall require, may comence °ne *"• a new Accion or Suit from tyme to tyme within a yeare after such Judgemente reversed, or such Judgement given against the Plaintiffe, or Outlawry reversed, and not after.

And Be it further enacted, That in all Accions of Trespas Quare clausum fregit hereafter to he brought, wherein After ^ ,|)) n1 the Defendant or Defendant? shall disclaime in his or their Plea to make any title or claime to the Land in which the for Defendant, See.

Trespasse is by the Declaration supposed to be done, and the Trespas be by Negligence, or involuntary, the ’clsuIumYr^tT

Defendant or Defendant? shalbe admitted to pleade a Disclaymer, and that the Trespas was by Negligence, or involuntary,

and a tender or offer of sufficient Amend? for such Trespase before the Accion brought, whereuppon or uppon some puintiff barred

of them, the Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes shalbe enforced to joyne issue ; and if the said Issue be found for the Defendant of hu Action.

or Defendant?, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiff? shalbe nonsuted, the Plaintiffe or Plaintiffes shalbe clearlie barred from the

said Accion or Accions and all other Suite concerning the same.

And Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That in all Accions uppon the Case for slanderous "Word? to \n \ct-,on*'of be sued or psecuted by any pson or psons in any the Court? of Record at Westminster, or in any Court? whatsoever, that hath power to hold Plea of the same, after the end of this §>sent Session of Parliament, if the Jury uppon the 40*. Vtiintiff dull triall of the Issue in such Accion, or the Jury that shall esquire of the Damages, doe find or assesse the Dammages under forty shilling?, then the Plaintiffe or Plaintiff? in such Accion shall have and recover onlie soe much Cost? as Damage, the Dammages so given or assessed amount unto, without any further increase of the same •, Any Law Statute Custome or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

(’ ) Provided neverthelesse, and be it further enacted,That if any pson or psons that is or shalbe intituled to any such infantile'. may Accion of Trespas Detinue Accion sur Trover Replevin Accions of Accompt? Accions of Debt? Accion of Trespas for bring *uch Personal Assault Menace Battery Wounding or Imprisonment Accions uppon the Case for Word?, bee or shalbe at the tyme of the^seveml^eriod* any such Cause of Accion given or accrued, fallen or come within the age of twentie one yeares, Feme covert, non »h.er their composs mentis, imprisoned or beyond the Seas, that then such pson or psons shalbe at libertie to bring the same Accions, soe as they take the same within such times as are before lymitted, after their coming to or being of full age, discovert, of sane memory, at large and retorned from beyond the Seas, as other psons having no such Impediment should have done.

CHAPTER XVII. An Acte against Usury.

WHEREAS at this tyme there is a very great abatement in the value of Land and other the Marchandises Wares RCa»on» for and Comodities of this Kingdome, both at Home and also in forraigne part? whither they are transported:

And whereas divers Subject? of this Kingdome, aswell the Gentry as Marchant? Farmors and Tradesmen, both for their

urgent and necessary occasions for the following their Trades maynten*nce of their Stock? and Imployment?, have

borrowed and doe borrow divers somes of Mony Wares Merchandise and other Comodities *, hut by reason of the said

generall fall and abatement of the value of Land and the prices of the said Marchandize Wares and Comodities, and

Interest in Loane contynuing at so high a rate as Ten pound? in the Hundred pound? for a yeare, doth not only make

Men unable to pay their Debt? and contynue the mainten*nce of Trade, but their Debt? dailie increasing they are

inforced to sell their Land? and Stock? at very lowe rates, to forsake the use of Merchandize and Trade, and to give

over their Leases and Farmes, and soe become unprofitable Members of the Comonwealth, to the great Hurt and

Hinderance of the same: Be it therefore enacted by the King? most excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and

Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, That no pson or psons whatsoever from and after the None »b»U uke

foure and twentith day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord One thousand sixe hundred twentie and five, ^Tcent' ^r&Ann

uppon any Contract to be made after the said foure and twentith day of June, shall take directly or indirectlle, for for Loan of Money,

loane of any Moneys Wares Merchandize or other Comodities whatsoever, above the value of Eight pound? for the &c‘

forbearance of One hundred pound? for a yere, and so after that rate for a greater or lesser some or for a longer or

shorter time ; And that all Bond? Contract? and Assurances whatsoever made after the time aforesaid for payment of a\\ Contract*

any Principall or Money to be lent or coven*nted to be pformed uppon or for any Usury whereuppon or whereby conlnkrV

there shalbe reserved or taken above the rate of Eight pound? in the Hundred as aforesaid, shalbe utterlle void

And that all and every pson and psons whatsoever which shall after the tyme aforesaid, uppon any Contracte to be pena\ty, Treble made after the said four and twentith day of June which shalbe in the year of our Lord One thousand sixe hundred the Money, &c. twentie and five, take accept and receive by way or meanes of any corrupt Bargaine Loane Exchaunge Chevisance *° cut>

Shift or Interest of any Wares Marchandize or other Thing or Thing? whatsoever, or by any deceitfull way or meanes, or by any Covine Engine or deceitful Conveyance for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole yeare,

Hi; ft

1 This Proviso is annexed 10 the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1224

210 Jac.I. c. IT, 18.

A.D. 1623-4.

n.

Penalty on Scrivener* for taking more than 5«. per Cent, for Urokage, or is. for Bond, aol. and Half a Year’* Imprisonment.

III.

Continuance of Act.

IV.

Not to authorize Uaury, in point of Religion.

of and for their Mony or other thing, above the some of Eight pounds for the forbearing of One hundred pounds for a yeare, and so after that rate for a lesser or greater some, or for a longer or shorter time, shall forfeit and loose for every such Offence the treble value of the Monies Wares Marchandise and other Things so lent bargained sold exchaunged or shifted.

And Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all and every Scrivener and Scriveners Broker and Brokers Solicitor and Solicitors Driver and Drivers of Bargains for Contractf, who shall after the said twende fourth day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred twende and five, take or receive, directlie or indirectlie, any some or somes of Mony or other Reward or Thing for brocage soliciting driving or pouring the Loane, or forbearing of any some or somes of Mony, over and above the rate or value of five shillingf for the Loane, or forbearing of One hundred pounds for a yeare, and so rateablie, or above twelve pence for making or renewing of the Bond or Bill for the loan or forbearing thereof, or for any Counterbond or Bill concerning the same, shall forfeit for every such Offence Twende pounds, and have Imprisonment for halfe a yeare, the one moyde of all which Forfeitures to be to the King our Soveraigne Lord his Heires and Successors, and the other moyde to him or them that will sue for the same, in the same Countie where the severall Offences are comitted, and not elsewhere, by Accion of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacion, in which no Essoine Wager of Law or Pteccion to be allowed.

This Act to condnue for the space of seaven yeares from the said foure and twendth day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord One thousand six hundred twende and five, and so to the end of the first Session of Parliament then next folloing.

(1) Provided, That no Words in this Law contayned shalbe construed or expounded to allow the practise of Usurie in point of Religion or Conscience.

St. 4 Jac. I. c. a. as to Woollen Clotha, continued to End of ensuing Parliament.

II.

16. of Jac. I. c. a. repealed.

IIL

Deceits by putting Flocks, Thrums, Ac. into broad Woollen Clotha;

Penally for such Deceit, jl. to the Poor.

CHAPTER XVIII.

An Acte for contynnuaunce of a Statute made for the making of Wollen Clothes.

WHEREAS in the fourth yeare of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majesrie that now is, there was amongest other, An Acte made and indtuled An Acte for the true making of Woollen Clothes, which in and by the said Acte is to condnue in force and effect but unto the end of the first Session of the then next Parliament: Forasmuch as the said Acte is found by experience to be very necessary expedient and beneficiall for the Comonwealth, both in (*) pviding for the severall and respective Lengths Bredths and Weight of the severall sorts of Woollen Clothes mencioned in the said Statute, as also in the avoiding the mixture of Flockes Thrummes and other deceivable things in the making of Woollen Clothes, saving in those points whereunto the Addicions and Alteracions in this psent Act doe extend; Be it therefore enacted by the authoride of this psent Parliament, That the same Acte above remembered, and all and every the Branches Clauses and P visions in the same contayned, and which are not in this psent Act altered repealed discontinued or enlarged, shall contynue and be from henceforth in full force and effect undll the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

And Whereas in and by the aforesaid Act, it was amongest other things enacted and pvided, That it should or might be lawful to and for any pson and psons lawfully excising the Trade or Art of a Clothier or making of Clothes, to make Flockes Thrumes and Lambes Wooll into Cloth of one only kinde or making, which should contayne in Length, being thoroughly wett, betweene Twelve and Thirteene such Yardes and Inches as in the said Statute been menf&ned, and in Bredth One Yard at the least within the Listes, and being cleane scowred thicked milled and folly dried, should weigh Fifteene Pounds the Peece at the least; Be it enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That the said Clause or Provision for the making of Flockes Thrumes and Lambes Wooll into Cloth, shalbe from henceforth discontinued or repealed and void.

And Further, whereas since the making of the said Act, many ill disposed psons for their owne private gain and lucre, and in deceit of the Buyers of Cloth, and to the discreditt and discrediting of good Cloth, have used to mixe and putt Flockf and Thrumes and alsoe Noiles and Haires and other deceivable things into within and uppon the broad Woollen Clothes menc&ned in the said Act; which said broad Woollen Clothes be of farre greater Length Bredth and Estimacion then be those Clothes whereinto the said Flockes Thrumes and Lambes Wooll in and by the said Act been pmitted to be putt into ; and by the meanes of the mixing and putting in or uppon such broad Clothes of the said Flockes Noyles Thrumes Haire and other deceivable things into and within or uppon the said broad Woollen Clothes, the said broad Woollen Clothes be much abused and discredited, and the Buyers of such broad Woollen Clothes couzened deceived and abused: For Reformacion of which foresaid Wrongs Abuses and Misdemeanors, be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this Psent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same. That from henceforth no pson or psons shall mix or put any Flockes Noyles Thrumes Haire or other deceivable thing or things, or any Yame made of the said deceivable thing or things into within or uppon any broad Woollen Cloth or Clothes, uppon payne to forfeit only Five Pounds and no more, for every such broad Woollen Cloth, into within or uppon which any such Flockes Noyles Thrumes Haire or any other deceivable thing or things shalbe putt into or used, the said Forfeiture to be to the use of the Poore of the Parishe where such deceivable Cloth shalbe made.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule. • the 0.


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 18.

1225

And for the better fynding out of every such deceivable thing and things mixed or put into or upon or to be q IV. migpd or putt into or uppon any broad Woollen Cloth or Clothes contrary to the true meaning of this Law, Be it further Searcher*, &c. enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfull to and for any the Overseer or Overseers Searcher ^*rd^tfu^"rch or Searchers of Cloth of or within the severall Parrishe or Parishes or Towne or Cittie where such deceivable Clothe or Broad Cloth*: Clothes shalbe made or suspected to be made, from tyme to tyme to enter into any the House or Houses Shopps Mill or Milles Chambers or other Roomes of any Clothier or pson or psons suspected to have made any such deceivable broad Woollen Cloth, to view search and see all or any their Woollen Cloth or Clothes, and the mixture of their Woollf for Clothes to be made-, And also it shalbe lawfull for any two or moe Justices of the Peace within the Two Justices Countie or within the Citie Borough or Towne Corporate where such deceivable Cloth shalbe made or suspected to WarranTVj " be made, uppon Informacion or Complaint of any of the said Overseer or Overseers Searcher or Searchers or any ^‘J^*

other of their knowledge or suspicion of any such Offence, to graunt their Warrant to call before them any pson or offender*, and psons whatsoever that shalbe thought in their discrecions fitt to discover any such Offence, and to examine uppon Oath J^chureWarden* such p6on or psons for the Triall and better fynding out of the Offence aforesaid; And if uppon such examinacions it shall be found by testimony of two Witnesses or more, or by the Confession of the Partie or Parties offending, that any such Offence or Offences have byn comitted as aforesaid, then the Partie or Parties that shall soe qonfesse his or their said Offence or Offences, or who shalbe found to have offended, shall remayne convicted of such his Offence or Offences; And that then it shall and may be lawfull for the said two Justices to certifie such Offence or Offences unto the Churchwardens and Overseers (for the tyme being) of the Poore of the Parrishe or Parrishes where such deceivable Cloth or Clothes shalbe made under the Hands and Seales of the said Justices.

And Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That ymediatelie from and after such Certificate shalbe delivered to any of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of any Parrish or Parrishes where such Offendor or Offendors shall dwell, and Warrant by them made to the said Overseers and Churchwardens for the levying of the said Forfeiture, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Churchwardens and Overseers for the tyme being or any of them or for the Successor or Successorf of them the said Churchwardens and Overseers, to levie the s5me or 85mes of Monie which by the said Certificate and Warrant shall appeare to be forfeited by way of Distresse and Sale of the Offendors Goods, rendring to the Partie so offending the overplus which shall arise by the Sale of such Goods more then the Forfeiture for such Offence or Offences shall amount unto; And in defect of such Distresse it shalbe lawfull to and for the said two Justices of Peace to committ the Partie or Parties so certified to have offended, to the Comon Gaole, there to remayne without Bail or Mainprise untill payment shalbe made of the said s5me or somes soe forfeited to the said Churchwardens and Overseers or some or one of them to the uses aforesaid, who shall yearelie be accountable for such some or s5mes soe received and levied at such tymes and in such manner as the said Churchwardens and Overseers are to accompt for other Monies which they are to collect to the use of the Poore by force of an Act of Parliament made in the three and fordth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth ; and that if any Accion or Accions shall at any tyme or tymes hereafter happen to be brought or comenced against any pson or psons for taking of such Distresse or Distresses or for or about any matter or thing concerning the same, that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for every such pson or psons against whome such Accion or Accions shalbe brought or comenced, to pleade the Generali Issue and to give in evidence and to be allowed Double Costes in every respect and degree as in and by the Statute of the seaventh yeare of the Kings Majesties Raigne of England that now is, intituled An Acte for ease in pleading against troublesome and contencious Suites psecuted against Justices of the Peace Mayors Constables and certaine other his Majesties Officers for the lawfull execucion of their Office, is alreadie pvided and enacted.

And Whereas divers Clothiers be and are of late tyme much troubled and greived by and with severall Searchers Aulenegers and Veiwers of Clothes, who after that Clothes byn searched viewed and sealed by the Searchers and Overseers of the severall Parishe and Parishes where such Cloth and Clothes byn made, and also by the Kings Aulneger of Cloth or by his Deputie doe neverthelesse for their own gayne and lucre review or search againe the same Clothes, to the great trouble disturbance and hinderance of the said Clothiers, the Losse of their Markett, and Sale of their Cloth, although towards the end or conclusion of the said Act of the fowerth yeare of the Kings Majesties Raigne of England that now is aforesaid, it is mendoned, that after such Cloth be once lawfully searched and lawfully sealed, the same be not compelled to be further viewed searched measured or sealed; Be it therefore likewise enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That the said Overseers and Searchers authorised by the said last mencioned Statute or by any former Act, to search view and weigh any of the said Clothes for the lengthes bredth and weight of the said Clothes, shall and may certifie the same by their Seals affixed to such Clothes, and with the word Faulty thereon stamped (if there be cause), and that none of the said Clothes being formerlie searched viewed weighed and sealed by the said Overseers and Searchers of the Parish Towne or Place where the said Clothes shalbe made, shall afterwards be viewed searched or weighed by any other Pson or Psons Officer or Officers whatsoev' contrary to the said Statute made in the said fourth yeare of his Majesties Raigne, uppon payne of forfeiture of Five Pounds to the Partie greived, who shall and may sue for and recover the same by Bill Playnt or Informacion at or in the Generali Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Countie Citie or Towne Corporate wherein such Offence shalbe comitted, wherein noe Essoyne Proteccion Priviledge or Wager of Lawe shall be allowed.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That all and all manner of Woollen Clothes, of what Nature Kind or Name soever they be or shalbe of, to be woven in any Cittie or Towne Corporate within the Realme of England or Dominion of Wales, from and after Fortie Daies next after the end of

Upon tuch Certificate, Churchwardens majr lery the Penalty by Distress, & c.

In default of Distress, Offender shall be committed. See.

Churchwardens shall account for Penalties as under St. 43 Eliz. c. 2.

General Issue and Double Costs, as under St. 7 Jac. I. c.j.

VI.

Re-Searches of Cloth prohibited by Jac. I. c. I. $ 10.

Searchers shall seal Cloths, and mark them as faulty, if requisite:

Penalty on researching Cloths so sealed, jl.

VII.

All Cloths shall be searched and sealed where they are made.


14 I

1226

21° Jac. I. c. 18.

A.D. 1623-4.

vni.

Measure of Tenter* for Yorkshire Cloths:

Searchers of Cloths under Statute .39 Eliz. c. ao. § 4. shall search such Tenters, and may destroy them if faulty.

IX.

Penalt yon renewing faulty Tenters,

40s. to the Poor.

X.

Overseers of Cloth shall put their Names on their Seals.

XL

Deceits by pressing Cloths between hot Planks, Ac. in the cold Press

punishable by like Forfeiture as pressing with a hot Press.

XII.

All Penalties for Insufficiency of Length, &c. in Cloths shall be distributed. One Third to the Searchers and Two Thirds to the Poor.

XIII. Continuance of Act.

this p>sent Session of Parliament shalbe searched tryed and sealed by the severall and respective Overseers of Cloth appointed or to be appointed of or for the Cities and Townes Corporate, or of or for some of the Places or Parishes in them where the same Clothes shalbe woven before such Clothes shalbe sold or offered to be sold.

And Be it further enacted by the Authority of this p>sent Parliament, That from and after Fortie Daies next after the End of this p>sent Session of Parliament, no Tentor or Tentors for Broad Clothes to be made within the Countie of Yorke to be sold, shall have or shall or may be allowed any further Chace or Libertie for or to the under barre of such Tentor or Tentors then onelie halfe a quarter of a yard at the most; And that no Tentor or Tentors for narrow Clothes to be made within the said Countie of Yorke to be sold, shall have or shall or may be allowed any further Chace or Libertie for or to the under Barre of such Tentor or Tentors then onelie halfe of a halfe quarter of a yard at the most; And that the Overseers and Searchers of Cloth or any of them appointed or to be appointed within the severall and respective Parishes in the said Countie of Yorke, shall uppon the penalties of their Recognizances taken or to be taken by vertue of the Statute made in the nyne and thirtith yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth or of any other Statute, make due search and view of the Tentors to be used in the aforesaid Countie of Yorke: And if they or any of them shall happen to fynd any Tentor or Tentors used contrary to the true meaning of this Act, that then they shall forthwith deface or cause to be defaced such Tentor or Tentors.

And Be it further enacted, That if any pson or psons whose Tentor or Tentors hath beene or shalbe once defaced, shall eftsoones offend contrary to the true meaning of this Act, that then such pson or psons soe offending shall for every his and their Offence contrary to the true meaning of this Act, forfeite and lose the some of Fortie Shillingf of good and lawfull Mony of England, to such uses and behoofes and to be levied and recovered in such manner and forme and by such meanes to all Intentf and Purposes as before in and by this p'sent Act it is Iymitted appointed and enacted for the some or forfeiture of Five Pounds to the use of the Poore in this Act before mencioned.

And Be it further enacted by the Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That every Overseer of Cloth appointed by any former Law now in force to fixe unto any kinde of Clothes a Seale of Leade, shall from and after Fortie Daies next after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, uppon the penaltie of their respective Recognizance taken or to be taken by vertue of the said Statute made in the nyne and thirtith yeare of the Raigne of the said Queene Elizabeth, or of any other Statute, engrave or set or cause to be engraved or set in and uppon every of their respective Seales of Lead which they shall fixe unto any Cloth by them respectivelie to be sealed, his or their Christian & Surname j and that no Cloth or Clothes to be sealed with any Seale of Lead which shall want such Engraving or Print as aforesaid shalbe taken or allowed to be sufficientlie sealed within the compasse of any former Lawe or Statute.

And Furthermore whereas of late yeares divers subtile and naughty meanes and devices have byn invented and practised for the pressing of Woollen Cloth of all Sorts, by heating of thicke Boardf or Planckes, and laying the same under and above the Cloth in the cold Presse, and alsoe by putting of thin or seeling Boardf and Pasteboardf being made very hotte into the Cuttles or Plates of Clothes, and then jPsentlie putting the same into a cold Presse, and by divers other cunning Sleightf and Invencions, by which deceiptfuil Practises and Devices, the Chapmen or Buyers of the Woollen Cloth of this Kingdome are deceived and greatlie wronged, and the Woollen Cloth of this Kingdome it selfe is disgraced and held and reputed verie deceiptfuil, to the greate p^judice and scandall of the Cloth of this Kingdome: Be it further enacted by the authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That all and every the pressing of any kinde or sorte of Woollen Clothes, by or with such subtill and deceitfull Meanes as aforesaid, or by or with any other the like subtill or deceitfull Meanes or Device, by or with any Heate of Fire which shalbe used or practised at any tyme or tymes after the end of this p>sent Session of Parliament, shalbe taken and shalbe expounded and adjudged to be pressing with a hot Presse, and shalbe punished and punishable with the like Forfeitures and in like sort to all Intentf and Purposes as the pressing with the hot Presse is punishable by any former Lawe or Statute.

And Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures for want of Length Breadth and Weight of Cloth or Clothes Iymitted by any former Act now in force, or by this pfeent Act, shalbe distributed into three equall parts, whereof one third part shalbe unto the said Overseers and Searchers finding and certifying the said Default of Length Breadth and Weight as aforesaid, to be recovered by them, at or in the generall Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Countie City or Towne Corporate where the Offence therein shall happen to be done or comitted, by Accion of Debt Bill Plaint or Informacion, wherein no Essoyne Proteccion Priviledge or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed ; And the other Parts thereof shalbe unto the Poore of the Parishe where the said Cloth or Clothes shalbe made, to be levied by way of Distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goods in default of sufficient Distresse, rendring to the Partie the Overplus by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poore of every such Parishe from tyme to tyme respectivelie, which said Churchwardens and Overseers are in such manner to accompt for the same as for any other Somes which are by them to be collected to the use of the Poore, by force of the said Statute made in the foresaid three and fortith yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene, are by them to be levied or accompted for; The said former Act or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

This Act to contynue till the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

21° Jac. I. c. 19.

1227

CHAPTER XIX.

An Acte for the Discripc&n of a Banckrupt and Releife of Credytors.

FORASMUCH as daily Experience sheweth that the nomber and multitude of Banckruptf do increase more and more, and alsoe the Fraudes and Deceits invented and practised for the avoiding and deluding the Penalties of the good Lawes in that Behalfe alreadie made and the Remedy by them pvided; And for that divers Defectf are daily found in the former Statutes made against Banckruptf, both in a description of a Banckrupt, as also in the Power given to the Comissioners for the discovery and distributing the Banckruptf Estate, to the great Incouragement of evill minded psons, the hinderance of Traffique and Commerce, the greate Decay Overthrow and Undoing of many Clothiers, by whome many Thousands of the natural borne Subjects of this Realme be from tyme to tyme in all parts of this Kingdome set on worke; All which do tend to the generall hurt of this Realme: For remedy whereof be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie, the Lords Spirituall and Temporal!, and Comoro in this f?sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, That all and singuler the aforesaid Statutes and Lawes heretofore made against Banckruptf and for Releife of Creditors, shalbe in all things largelie and beneficially construed and expounded for the Aid Helpe and Releife of the Creditors of such pson or psons as already be or hereafter shall become Banckrupt.

And that all and every pson and psons, using or that shall use the Trade of Merchandize by way of Bargayning Exchaunge Bartering Chevisance or otherwise in Grosse or by Retayle, or seeking his or her Living by buying and selling, or that shall use the Trade or Pfession of a Scrivener, receiving other Mens Moneys or Estates into his Trust or Custodie, who at any tyme after the end of this p*sent Session of Parliament, shall either by himselfe or others by his Pcurement obtayne any Pteccion or Pteccions other then such pson or psons as shalbe lawfully ptected by the Priviledge of Parliament, or shall fferr or exhibit unto his Majestie, his Heires or Successors, or unto any of the Kings Courts any Peticion or Peticions Bill or Bills against his or her Creditor or Creditors, or any of them, thereby desiring or endeavoring to compell or inforce them or any of them to accept lesse then their just and principall Debts, or to pcure tyme or longer daies of Payment, then was given at the time of their original! Contractf, or being indebted to any pson or psons in the some of One Hundred Pounds or more, shall not pay or otherwise compound for the same within Six Monethes next after the same shall growe due, and the Debtor be arrested for the same, or within Six Moneths after an originall Writt sued [put'] to recover the said Debt, and Notice thereof given unto him or left in Writing at his or their Dwelling House or last Place of Aboad ; or being arrested for Debt, shall after his or her Arrest lie in Prison Two Moneths or more, uppon that or any other Arrest or Detencion in Prison for Debt; or being arrested for the some of One Hundred Pounds or more of just Debt or Debts, shall at any tyme after such Arrest escape out of Prison or pcure his Enlargement by putting in comon or hired Bayle, shalbe accompted and adjudged a Banckrupt to all Intentf and Purposes; And in the said Cases of Arrest or lying in Prison for such Debt or Debts, or getting forth by comon or hired Bayle, from the tyme of his or her said first Arrest.

And Be it further enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That the like Comissions Orders Benefittf and Remedies which are and be provided and lymited by the said former Actes of Parliament made in the Thirteenth yere of the late Queene Elizabeth, and in the First yere of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie, against any Banckruptf in them or either of them described, or for or concerning his her or their Lands Teneraentf Hereditamentf Fees Anuities Offices Goods Chattellf Wares Merchandize and Debts or any of them, shall and may be had pursued taken and expounded against such pson and psons as are herein and hereby declared described or expressed to be Banckruptf, and against his her and their Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Fees Anilities Offices Goodes Chattellf Wares Merchandize and Debts, in such manner and forme as the same ought and might have been, if the psons herein declared described or expressed to be Banckruptf, had been by the said Statutf or either of them described to be Banckruptf to all Intentf and Purposes whatsoever.

And Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That the same Orders Benefittf and Remedies which are and be provided and lymited by this p>sent Act, against any Banckruptf in or by this Act declared described or expressed to be Banckruptf, or for or concerning his her or their Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Fees Anuities Offices Goods Chattellf Wares Merchandizes and Debts or any of them or the discovery of them or any of them, shall from henceforth be had pursued taken and expounded against such pson and psons as are declared or expressed to be Banckruptf by the said former Acts of Parliament or either of them, and against his her and their Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Fees Anuities Offices Goods Chattellf Wares Merchandize and Debts, in such manner and forme as the same ought and might have been, if the psons in the said former Statutf or either of them described to be Banckruptf, had been mencioned and described to be Banckruptf in and by this psent Act.

And Whereas by the former Lawes the Comissioners appointed have Power to examine the Banckrupt himselfe, and such pson or psons as are suspected to have or detayne any of the Estate Goods or Chattellf of the Banckruptf, but some Doubt hath been made whether the Cdmissioners have Power to examine the Wives of the Banckruptf touching the same, by reason whereof the Banckruptf Wives doe daylie conceale and convey away, and cause to be conveyed away much part of their Husbands Moneyes Wares Goods Marchandize and other Estate, to pson or psons unknowne

1 out O.

Increase of Bankrupt!;

Insufficiency of former Laws:

All Lam against Bankrupts snail be construed beneficially for the Creditors.

II.

Further Definition of Bankrupts, viz.

Traders or Scriveners, procuring Protections, or seeking to compel their Creditors to compound;

not paying Debt of iool. within Six Months;

lying in Prison Tiro Months escaping from Prison, if arrested for tool.

Bankruptcy to commence from Arrest.

III.

Such Bankrupts shall be subject to all Commissions and Proceedings under Statutes 13 Eliz. c. 7.

1 Jac. I. c. 15.

IV.

Provisions of this Act extended to Bankrupts under said former Acts.

V.

Doubts as to Power of Commissioners to examine the Wife of a Bankrupt;

1228

21° Jag. 1. c. 19.

A.D. 1623-4.

Commissioners declared to hare such Power.

VI.

Penalty upon Bankrupt conricted of fraudulently conveying or concealing Effects to amount of zoL Sec. Pillory and Loss of one Ear.

VII. Commissioners and their Officers authorized to break open the Houses, Doors, Shops, See. of Bankrupts, and to seize their Bodies and Goods.

VIII.

Commissioners may examine on Oath at to Debts from Bankrupts: and Creditors by Judgment, &c. not having sued Execution before Bankruptcy, shall be paid rateably with other Creditors.

la.

On Extents of Lands of Bankrupt, by a Creditor under colour of being an Accountant to the Crown, the Commissioners may examine into the Facts, and in case of Fraud, convey the Lands for the Use of all Creditors under the Commission.

to any but such Wives, by reason whereof much of the Banckruptf Estate is concealed and detayned from the Creditors: For clearing therefore the said Doubt and avoyding the Inconveniences aforesaid, be it declared and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That after such tyme as any pson shall by the said Comissioners executing the said Comission, or the greater part of them, be lawfully adjudged or declared to be a Banckrupt, the said Cdmissioners executing such Comission shall have power and authoritie to examine uppon Oath the Wife and Wives of all and every such Banckrupt, for the fynding out and discovery of the Estate and Estates Goods and Chattellf of such Banckrupt or Banckruptf concealed kept or disposed of by such Wife or Wives in their own psons or by their owne Act or Meanes, or by any other pson or psons; and that she and they the said Wive and Wives shall incurre such Daunger and Penaltie for not coming before the said Comissioners, or for refusing to be sworne and examined, or for not disclosing the Truth uppon her or their Examinacion or Examinacions as in and by the said former Lawes or either of them is alreadie made and pvided against any other pson or psons in like cases.

And Be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if any Banckrupt shall uppon his or her Examinacion or Examinacions to be taken before the said Cdmissioners executing the said Comission, be found fraudulentlie or deceiptfully to have conveyed away his or her Goods Chattellf Lands Tenementf Offices Fees Rents or Anuities or other Estate or any part thereof, to the Value of Twentie Pounds or above, to the End and Purpose to hinder the Execucion of this Statute, or of any other the aforesaid Statutf, or thereby to defraud delay or hinder his or her Creditors of the same, and shall not uppon his or her Examinacion discover unto the said Comissioners, and (if it lie in his or her power) deliver unto the said Comissioners all that Estate Goods and Chattellf so fraudulentlie and deceiptfully conveyed away as aforesaid, or by him or her, his or her meanes, kept or deteyned from the said Comissioners, or that cannott make it appeare unto the said Comissioners that he or she hath sustayned some casuall Losse, whereby he or she is disabled to pay what he or she then owed, shall and may be indicted for such Fraud or Abuse at the Assises or Generali Sessions to be holden before the Judges of Assise or Justices of the Peace of the Countie or Place where he or she shall become Banckrupt; And if uppon such Indictment or Indictmentf the Banckrupt be thereof convicted, he or she soe convicted shalbe sett upon the Pillory in some publique Place, for the space of Two Houres, and have one of his or her Eares nayled to the Pillory and cutt off.

And for that some Doubt is conceived whether the Cdmissioners in case of Resistance have power by the former Lawes to breake open or cause to be broken open the House or Houses of such Banckruptf, which if they have not, the Remedies by the former Lawes given wilbe to little effect: Be it therefore enacted, That in execucion of the said Comission, it shalbe lawfull to and for the said Comissioners, or the greater part' of them, or any pson or psons Officer or Officers by them or the greater part of them to be deputed and appointed, by their Warrant or War ran tf under their Hands and Seales, to breake open the House or Houses Chambers Shoppes Warehouses Doores Trunckf or Chestf of the said Banckrupt, where the said Banckrupt or any of his or her Goods or Estate shalbe or reputed to be, and to seise uppon and order the Body Goods Chattellf Ready Mony and other Estate of such Banckrupt, as by the said former Lawes are lymitted and appointed, whether it be by Imprisonment of his or her Body, or otherwise as to the said Comissioners or the greater part of them shalbe thought meete.

And for the better Division and Distribucion of the Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Goods Chattellf and other Estate of such Banckrupt, to and amongest his or her Creditors: Be it enacted, That the Comissioners or the greatest part of them, shall and may examine uppon Oath, or by any other Waies or Meanes as to them shall seeme meet, any pson or psons for the fynding out and discovery of the truth and certeintie of the severall Debts due and owing to all such Creditor and Creditors as shall seeke Releif by such course of Comission to be sued forth as aforesaid; And that all and every Creditor and Creditors having Securitie for his or their severall Debts by Judgement Statute Recognizance Specialtie with Penaltie or without Penaltie or other Securitie, or having noe Securitie, or having made Attachment in London or any other place, by vertue of any Custome there used, of the Goods and Chattellf of any such Banckrupt, whereof there is no Execucion or Extent served and executed uppon any the Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Goods Chattellf and other Estate of such Banckruptf, before such tyme as he or she shall or doe become Banckrupt, shall not be releived uppon any such Judgement Statute Recognizance Specialtie Attachmentf or other Securitie, for any more then a rateable part of their just and due Debts with the other Creditors of the said Banckrupt, without respect to any such penaltie or greater some contayned in any such Judgement Statute Recognizance Specialtie with Penaltie Attachment or other Securitie.

And Be it further enacted, That if it shall happen any the Lands Tenementf Goods Chattellf Debts or other Estate of any Banckrupt to be extended ; after such tyme as he or she is become a Banckrupt, by any pson or psons under colour or pHence of his or their being an Accomptant or any Way indebted unto our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie, his Heires or Successors, that then it shalbe lawful to and for the said Cdmissioners to examine uppon Oath whether the said Debt were due to such Debtor or Accomptant, uppon any Bargaine or Contract originally made betwixt such Accomptant and the said Banckrupt, the said Debtor or Accomptant and his or their Servantf; And if such Bargayne or Contract was originally made to and with any other pson or psons then the said Debtor or Accomptant, or for the use and trust of any other pson or psons, then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Comissioners or the greater part of them, to order and dispose of all such Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Goods Chattellf and Debts soe extended as aforesaid, to and for the use of the Creditors which shall seeke releife by the said Comission, and that the order and disposicion of the said Comissioners or the greater part of them, shalbe good and availeable against the said Extent, and against all psons clayming from by or under the said Extent; And that such pson and

I

A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 19, 20.

1229

psons to whome the said Lands Tenementf Goods and Chattellf so extended, shalbe bargayned sold graunted or assigned by the Comissioners aforesaid, or the greater part of them, shall have good Remedy to have demaunde and recover the same against such pson and psons who shall detayne the same.

And for that it often falls out that many psons before they become Banckruptf doe convey their Goods to other Men upon good Consideration, yet still doe keepe the same, and are reputed the Owners thereof, and dispose the same as their owne; Be it enacted, That if at any tyme hereafter, any pson or psons shall become Bankrupt, and at such tyme as they shall so become Banckrupt, shall by the consent and pmission of the true Owner and Pprietarie, have in their Possession Order and Disposicion any Goods or Chattellf, whereof they shalbe reputed Owners, and take uppon them the Sale Alteracion or Disposicion as Owners, that in every such Case the said Comissioners or the greater part of them, shall have power to sell and dispose the same to and for the beneiitt of the Creditors which shall seeke Releife by the said Comission, as fully as any other part of the Estate of the Banckrupt.

And for the better Payment of Debts, and discouraging Men to become Bankruptf, be it further enacted, That the said Comissioners or the greater Number of them, shall have Power by vertue of this Act, by Deed indented and inrolled within Sixe Monethes after the making thereof, in some of his Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, to graunt bargaine sell and convey any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, whereof any Bankrupt is or shalbe in any wayes seized of any Estate in tayle in Possession Reversion or Remainder, and whereof no Reversion or Remainder is or shalbe in the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors, of the Gift or Pvision of his Majestie his Progenitors his Heires or Successors, to any pson or psons for the Releife and Benefitt of the Creditors of all such Bankruptf; And that all and every such Grants Bargaines Sales and Conveyances shalbe good and available in the Lawe to such pson or psons and their Heires, against the said Banckruptf, and against all and every the Issues of the Bodie of such Bankruptf, and against all and every pson and psons clayming any Estate Right Title or Interest by from or under the said Bankruptf, after such tyme as such pson shall become Banckrupt, and against all and every other pson and psons whatsoever, whome the said Bankrupt by comon Recovery or other wayes or meanes might cutt off or debarre from any Remaynder Reversion Rent Profitt Title or Possibilitie, into or out of any the said Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditam'f.

And be it further enacted, That if any pson that now is or hereafter shall become a Bankrupt, have heretofore graunted conveyed or assured, or shall at any tyme hereafter graunte convey or assure any Lands Tenementf Hereditam'f Goods Chattellf or other Estate, unto any pson or psons, upon condicion or power of Redempcion at a Day to come, by payment of Mony or otherwise, that it shall and may be lawful 1 to and for the said Comissioners, or the greater part of them, before the tyme of the pformance of such Condicion, to assigne and appoint under their Hands and Seales, such pson or psons as they shall thinke fitt, to make tender or payment of Mony or other pformance, according to the Nature of such Condicion, as fully as the Bankrupt might have done; And that the said CSmissioners, or the greater part of them, shall after such tender payment or pformance, have power to sell and dispose of such Lands Tenementf Hereditamentf Goods and Chattellf, and other Estates soe graunted conveyed or assured uppon Condicion to and for the benefitt of the Creditors, as fully as they may sell or dispose of any the Estate of the Bankrupt.

Provided further. That no Purchaser for good and valuable Consideration shalbe impeached by vertue of this Act, or any other Act heretofore made against Bankruptf, unlesse the Comission to prove him or her a Bankrupt, be sued forth against such Bankrupt within Five yeares after he or she shall become a Bankrupt.

Provided further, and be it enacted by the Authorise aforesaid, That this Act and all other Acts of Parliament heretofore made against Bankruptf, shall extend to Strangers borne aswell Aliens as Denizens, as effectuallie as to the naturall borne Subjects, both to make them subject to the Lawes as Banckruptf, as alsoe to make them capable of the benefitt or contribucion as Creditors by those Lawes.

X.

Good i in actual Possession of the Bankrupt, by Content of the real Proprietora, declared liable to Payment of Bankrupt'! Debta.

XI.

Commiuionera empowered to tell entailed Linda of the Bankrupt, by Bargain and Sale inrolled, which shall be valid againat hit Heira, See.

XII. Commiuionera ahall have Benefit of Redemption of Landt, &c. mortgaged, Sec. by Bankrupt.

XIII. Proriao for Purchaaera, if

Committion be not itsued within Five Years after Act of Bankruptcy.

XIV.

All Bankrupt Laws extended to Aliena and Denizena.

CHAPTER XX.

An Acte against Swearing and Cursing.

FORASMUCH as all prophane Swearing and Cursing is forbidden by the Word of God, Be it therefore enacted None ahall by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That no pson or psons shall from henceforth prophanely sweare or ,WMr

curse : And that if any pson or psons shall at any tyme or tymes hereafter offend herein, either in the hearing of any Penllty on offence, Justice of Peace of the Countie, or of any Mayor Justice of Peace Bayliffe or Head Officer of any Citie or Towne in hearing of a

y J ' ' , Justice, or on

Corporate where such Offence is or shalbe c5mitted, or shall thereof be convicted by the Oathes of Two Witnesses, Conviction, ud.

or by Confession of the Partie before any such Justice of Peace of the Countie, or Head Officer or Justice of the ,to .*

‘ 1 . leviable by Diatreu,

Peace in the Citie or Towne Corporate where such Offence is or shalbe edmitted, to which end every Justice of Peace, or in Default

and every such Head Officer, shall have power by this Act to minister the same Oath, that then every such Offendor unde?

shall for every tyme soe offending forfeit and pay to the use of the Poore of' that Parrishe where the same Offence is u Yeara of Age.

or shalbe comitted the s5me of Twelve pence : And it shall alsoe be lawfull for the Constable Churchwardens and

Overseers of the Poore of that Parish, by Warrant from such Justice of Peace or Head Officer, to levie the same


.4 K

GOUglC

Origirval from PENN STATE

1230

21° Jac. I. c. 20, 21

A.D. 1623-4.

I

11.

Officer rued may plead the General Issue.

III. Limitation of Prosecution, Twenty Days.

some and somes of Money by distresse and Sale of the Offenders Goods, rendring to the Partie the overplus: And in defect of such distresse, the Offender if he or she be above the Age of Twelve yeares, shall by Warrant from such Justice of the Peace or Head Officer, be sett in the Stockes by three whole houres; but if the Offendor be under the Age of Twelve yeares, and shall not forthwith pay the said some of Twelve pence, then he or she by Warrant of such Justice of Peace or Head Officer, shalbe whipped by the Constable, or by the Parent or Master in his psence.

And be it further enacted, That if any such Offendor shall comence any Suite in Lawe against any Officer or other, for such distreyning sale of Goods whipping or setting in the Stockes, the Defendant or Defendants may plead the Generali Issue, and give the spiall Matter in Evidence to the Jurie at the Triall; And if it be found against the Plaintiffe, or that the Plaintiffe be nonsuit, the Defendant or Defendants shalbe allowed good Costs to be taxed by the Court.

Provided neverthelesse, That every Offence against this Lawe shalbe complayned of and pved as abovesaid, within Twentie daies after the Offence comitted.

IV.

Act shall be read in Church.

V.

Continuance of Act.

And it is alsoe enacted, That this Acte shall be read in every Pishe Church by the Minister thereof, uppon the Sunday after Evening Prayer, twice in the yeare.

Provided, That this Act shall continue untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament, and no longer.

The Statutes 37 Edw. 111. c.3. Price of Poultry; 13Ric.II. at.i. c.8. 4 Hen. IV. c. aj. 31H.VIII. c.41. as to baking Horsebread, repealed.

11.

Innholders shall not make Horse-bread, and shall sell their Prorender at Market Price, & c.

111.

Innholders, in Villages where there is no Baker, may make Horsebread of due Assize.

IV.

Penalty on Innholders transgressing this Act,

1st Offence, Fine; ad. Imprisonment; 3d, Pillory s 4th, Incapacity.

CHAPTER XXI.

An Acte concerning Hostlers or Inholders.

BE it enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, that one Statute made in the Seaven and thirtith yeare of the Raigne of the late King Edward the Third, made for the great dearth that then was in many places of the Realm, of Poultry, and concerning the prices of Poultry: And soe much of one Statute made in the Thirteenth yeare of the Raigne of King Richard the Second, as pvideth that no Hostler make Horsebread in his Hostery nor without, and that the Assize thereof shalbe kept, and that the Weight be reasonable, after the prices of the Come in their Markettf, and that the same Hostlers shall sell Hay and Oats after a reasonable price, soe that they take but one Halfpenny over the common price in the Markett: And soe much of one Statute made in the Fourth yeere of the Reigne of the late King Henry the Fourth, as doth concerne the putting in Execution of the part of the Statute made in the Thirteenth yeare of the Raigne of King Richard the Second, that is before specified: And one Statute made in the Two and thirtith yeare of the Raigne of King Henry the Eight, titled An Acte concerning baking of Horsebread, be from henceforth repealed made void and of none Effect.

And be it further enacted, That no Hostler or Inholder shall at any tyme after the end of this psent Session of Parliament make Horsebread in his Hostery nor without, but Bakers shall make it, and the Assize shalbe kept, and the Weight be reasonable, after the price of the Corne and Graine in the Markettf adjoyning; and the Hostlers or Inneholders shall sell their Horsebread and their Hay Oates Beanes Pease Provender and alsoe all kinde of Victuall both for Man and Beast for reasonable gaine, having respect to the prices for which they shalbe sold in the Markettf adjoyning, without taking any thing for litter.

Provided alwaies, and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That from henceforth it may and shalbe lawfull for every Hostler and Innekeeper dwelling in any Towne or Village, being a thoroughfare or a common passage within this Realm, and being no Cittie Towne corporate or Markett Towne, wherein any comon Baker exercising the Occupacion of Baking, and that hath been Apprentice at the said Occupacion by the Space of Seaven yeares is dwelling, to make within his House Horsebread sufficient lawfull and of due Assize, according as the price of Graine and Come now is and hereafter shalbe from tyme to tyme; Any thing herein contayned to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That if the Horsebread which any of the said Hostlers or Inneholders shall make be not sufficient lawfull and of due Assize, according to the price of Graines and Come as is abovesaid, or that if any of them shall offend in any thing contrary to this Acte, then the Justices of Assize Justices of Oyer and Terminer, Justices of the Peace in every Shire Liberty or Franchise within this Realme, Sheriffes in their Turaes and Stewardf in their Leetf and Lawdayes, shall have full power and Authoride to enquire heare and determyne the said Defaultf and Offences of the said Hostlers and Inneholders hereafter to be comitted against the forme of this psent Statute; And the Hostler or Inneholder for the first Offence shalbe fined according to the quanririe of the Offence ; And if being once convicted he shall againe offende, for the second Offence he shalbe imprisoned for the Space of one Moneth without Bail or Mainprise ; And if he shall a third time offend, being thereof convicted, he shall stand uppon the Pillory without being redeemed for Money; And if he shall offend after the Judgement of the Pillory given, he shalbe forejudged for keeping any Inne againe.

A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 22.

1231

CHAPTER XXIL

An Acte concerning the Traders of Butter and Cheese.

WHEREAS in a Parliament holden at Westminster in the third and fourth yeares of the Raigne of the most St. j. + E.VI. e.»i.

excellent Prince of happy Memory King Edward the Sixt, it was enacted, That no pson or peons after the ^tteTand(!Lee»«

Feast of the Ahunciacion of our Lady then next cdming, should buy to sell agayne any Butter or Cheese, unlesse he or they sold the same agayne by Retayle in open Shoppe Fayre or Markett, and not in Grosse, uppon payne of forfeiture of double the value of the same Butter and Cheese soe sold contrary to the tenour of the said Act; In and by which Acte it is pvided and enacted, That the said word of Retaile mencioned in the said Acte should be expounded declared and taken only where a Wey of Cheese, or a Barrell of Butter, or a lesse Quantise, and not above, should be sold at one tyme to any pson or psons in open Shopp Faire or Markett, and that to be done without

Fraud or Covin: And whereas alsoe by one other Acte made in a Parliament holden at Westminster in thefift yeare St. j,6E.VI. c.i4.

of the Raigne of the said late King, it was enacted (amongest other things) That whatsoever pson or psons should ?ngroV«ing of ingrosse or get into his Hands any Butter or Cheese within the Real me of England to the intent to sell the same Butter and Cheese i againe, should bee accepted reputed and taken to bee an unlawfull Ingrosser, and should lose and forfeit the value of the said Goods ; In which Act there is no Proviso for Retaylers at all. By occasion whereof the Traders for Butter No Provision and Cheese for the Cittie of London, are contynually vexed and molested by comon Informers, sometymes uppon the p J!‘u ".to one Statute and sometymes uppon the other, to their great Losse and Charge : Now for that by dailie experience it is Vexations to Sellers found, that the Traders of Butter and Cheese for the Cittie of London which fetch and pvide the said Butter and chwiTLoodon, Cheese out of divers Counties, uppon their great Travell Charge and Adventure, for pvision of the said Cittie, and by Informers under of others thereunto resorting, and there sell the same in their Shoppes in open Markett, not onelie for the generall use and service of the said Cittie and the Countreys adjoyning, but alsoe for any occasion which may be offered for the better expedicion of his Majesties service; as alsoe for victualling of Shipps which dailie are victualled from this Porte of London, which possiblie cannott be pformed by the small quantities aforesaid, and according to the said Statute

And whereas the comon Informers finding that the Letter of the said Statute extendeth against such as doe sell above the quandde of a Wey of Cheese or of a Barrell of Butter at one tyme though it be in open Shopp Faire or Markett, and that in the other Acte no Proviso at all is made as aforesaid for Retailers, have of late yeares much troubled the Traders of Butter and Cheese within the Citde of London with many Informations, aswell uppon the one Statute as the other, and have gotten several somes of Money for Composid&n of them, albeit they then were and are Men that have byn Apprendces trayned upp in the said Trade, and have no other living or trade of Life, to their great Hinderance and Impoverishment: For Remedy whereof bee it enacted by the authoride of this psent Parliament,

That the said Acts or any of them, or any other Statute Lawe Ordinance or other Provision whatsoever heretofore for Recited Acts or concerning the sale of Butter 8c Cheese in open Shopp Faire or Markett, or the pviding or buying of any Butter cheeKmong^kt. or Cheese, shall not in any wise extend to any pson or psons, being Cheesemongers or Tallow Chandlers free of the ^°nLond*

said Citde, and having been brought upp as Apprendces by the space of seaven yeares, trading in Butter and Cheese, Westminste^or03* for such Butter and Cheese or either of them as he or they shall utter and sell within London and the Liberties Southw*rk, See. thereof, or within the Borough of Southwarke, or the Cittie of Westminster, for the victualling of any of the Shipping of his Majesties his Heires or Successors, or for the Shipps of any other his Majesties Subjects, or to such Butter or Cheese which hee or they shall sell by any quantities at one tyme and to one pson, not exceeding foure Wey of Cheese or foure Barrellf of Butter, without fraud or covin, soe as he or they sell the same in open Shopp Faire or Markett; Any thing in the said Acts and Statutes or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

(*) Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That if the Justices of the Peace of any of the Counties of this Realme of England or the Dominion of Wales, at their Quarter Sessions of any of the said Counties, shall declare and publish in open Sessions that the Traders aforesaid in Butter and Cheese shall forbeare to buy any Butter or Cheese for any tyme within the said Countie or Counties, or within any parts or places of the same, that then for and during the tyme of such Restraint, the said Traders in Butter and Cheese that shall buy any such Butter or Cheese, and sell the same againe by retayle contrary to any the Acts aforesaid, shall not be freed of or from any Penalties of the said Actes, but shalbe subject to the same, as if this Act had never byn made.

II.

When Justice* in the Country restrain Sale of Butter and Cheeie, Trader* shall be liable to Penaltie* under recited Act*.

This Act to contynue unto the End of the first Session of the next Parliament.

III.

Continuance ofAct.

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.

1232

21° Jac. I. c. 23.

A.D. 1623-4.

CHAPTER XXIII.

An Acte for avoyding of vexadtas and delayes caused by removing Acc6ns & Suits out of inferiour Courts.

Vexations, by Removal of Suita from inferior Court! of Record, into superior Courts at Westminster, &c.

WHEREAS there now are, and long tyme have been divers Courts of [Records'] in divers Cities Liberties Townes Corporate and elsewhere, some of them being farre remote from Westminster, others from the Court of Grand Sessions in Wales, which were principally ordeyned for the] ease and quiett of such as should have occasion to sue there for Debts Duties and Wrongs, soe that they might with small Expences receive Justice according to the merittf of their Causes in those inferiour Courts without being compelled to travell to Westminster or the Court of the Great

No Writ of Habeas Corpus or Certiorari, to remove such Suit from its proper Jurisdiction, shall be obeyed, unless it be delivered to the Judge, &c. of such inferior Court before Issue or Demurrer joined, in not lets than Six Weeks after Commencement of the Suit.

Sessions in Wales ; But of late divers of his Majesties loving Subjects having for just and true Debts and other good and lawfull Causes commenced Suits in such inferiour Courts, and psecuted their Accions and Suits many tymes ready for Tryall, and the same Causes being for the most parte but of small value have been removed into some of his Majesties Courts at Westminster, or the Court of the Great Sessions in Wales, and being remanded by Procedendo into the same inferiour Courts where the Accion or Suite was first comenced, the same have been againe often tymes removed into the same, or other of his Majesties Courts at Westminster, or Court of the Great Sessions in Wales, to the intollerable delay of Justice, and great Expences of Money, and Losse and Trouble to those which justlie and honestlie by such Accions and Suits have sought only to recover or get satisfaction for Debts Duties or Wrongs owing due or done unto them: For Remedy whereof Be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporal!, and by the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, That no Writt or Writs of Habeas Corpus, Cerciorari, or any other Writt or Writtf Pcesse or Pc esses whatsoever, other then Writtf of Error or Attaint, to be sued forth after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, by any pson or psons whatsoever out of or from any of his Majesties Courts at Westminster, or the Court of the Great Sessions in Wales, or out of any other Court or Courts, having or ptending to have power to award such Writtf or Pcesses to stay or remove any Accion Bill Plaint Suit or Cause brought comenced or depending, or hereafter to be brought comenced or depending in any Court or Courts of Record within any Cittie Libertie Towne Corporate, or elsewhere, which have or shall have Jurisdiction Power or Authoritie to hold Plea in that Accion Bill Plaint Suit or Cause, the same Cause of Accion Bill Plaint or Suit arrising or growing within the said Cittie Libertie Towne Corporate or Jurisdiction, shall after the end of this psent Session of Parliament be received or allowed by the Steward or Stewardf Judge or Judges or Officer or Officers of the Court or Courts wherein or to whome any such Writt or Writtf shalbe directed and delivered, but that he and they shall and may pceed in the said Cause or Causes as though no such Writt or Writtf were sued forth or delivered to him or them, except that the said Writt or Writtf be delivered to the Steward or Stewardf Judge or Judges Officer or Officers of the said Court, before Issue or Demurrer joyned in the said Cause or Causes, soe depending or to be depending in any such Court of Record in any Citie Libertie Towne Corporate, or elsewhere having power to hold such Plea, soe as the said Issue or Demurrer be not joyned within sixe Weekes next after the Arrest or Apparance of the Defendant or Defendants to such Accion or Suit comenced.

II.

Suita, remanded to inferior Court by Procedendo, shall not be again removed, before Judgment.

HI.

No Suits for less than $1. (unless concerning Freehold, tcc.) shall be removed from such inferior Courts.

IV.

Judge of inferior Court may disallow Writ s sued contrary to this Act.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That if any such Accion Bill Plaint Suit or Cause which is

or shall hereafter be brought comenced or depending in any such Court of Record in any Citie Libertie Towne

Corporate or elsewhere, shall after the end of this psent Session of Parliament be removed or stayed by any such Writt or Writtf Pcesse or Pcesses to be sued foorth or out of any of his Majesties Courts at Westminster, or the Court of the Great Sessions in Wales, or any other Court as aforesaid, that if afterwards the same Accion Bill Plaint Suit or Cause shalbe remanded or sent backe againe by any Writt or Writtf of Procedendo, or other Writt whatsoever, that then the same Accion Bill Plaint Suit or Cause shall never afterwards be removed or stayed before Judgement by any Writt or Writtf whatsoever to be sued forth or out of any of his Majesties said Courts at Westminster, or the said Court of Great Sessions of Wales, or any other Court as aforesaid; Any Lawe Statute Custome Usage or Restraint to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid. That if in any Accion Bill Plaint Suit or Cause, not concerning Freehold or Inheritance or Title of Land Lease or Rent, which shalbe brought comenced or depending in any such Court of Record, or any Citie Libertie Towne Corporate or elsewhere, if it shall appeare or be layd in the Declaracion that the Debt Damages or Things demanded doth or shall not amount to or exceed the s5me of Five pounds, that then such Accion Bill Plaint Suit or Cause shall not be stayed nor removed into any of his Majesties Courts at Westminster, or other Court as aforesaid, by any Writt or Writtf whatsoever, to be sued or psecuted foorth

or out of his Majesties said Courts at Westminster or other Courts as aforesaid, other then Writtf of Error or

Attaint; Any Lawe Statute Usage Custome or Restraint to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if any Writt or Writtf whatsoever shalbe after the end of this psent Session of Parliament graunted or sued forth or out of any his Majesties said Courts at Westminster, or Court of the Great Sessions in Wales, or other Court, contrary to the intent and meaning of this psent Act, that then it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Judge or Judges and Officer or Officers to whome such Writt or Writtf shalbe directed or delivered, to disallow and refuse the same, and to pceed as if no such Writt or Writtf had bene graunted or sued out or foorth as aforesaid; Any Lawe Statute Usage Custome or Restraint to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

1 Record 0.


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 23—25.

1233

Provided alwaies, That this Acte shall extend only to such Courts of Record in Cities Liberties Townes Corporate and elsewhere, and for soe long tyme only as there is or shalbe an Utter Barrister of three yeares standing at the Barre of one of the foure Innes of Court, that is or shalbe Steward Under Steward or Deputie Steward Towne Clerke or Judge or Recorder of the same inferiour Court that is or shalbe from tyme to tyme Assistant to such Judge or Judges of such inferiour Courts as shall not be Utter Baristers of such standing as is aforesaid, and there p>sent, in which such Accions Billes Plaintf Suits or Causes is or shalbe brought comenced or depending, and not of Councell in any Accion Suit or Cause then depending in the same inferiour Court; Any thing in this p*sent Act, or any Law or other Statute Usage Custome or Restraint to the contrary in any thing notwithstanding.

Provided, That this Act or any thing therein contayned shall not extend to any Accion Bill Plaint Suit or Cause wherein any such foreine or other Plea shalbe pleaded, as could not be tryed or determined within the Jurisdiction of such inferior Courts.

CHAPTER XXIV.

An Acte for the releife of Creditors against such psons as dye in Execuc&n.

FORASMUCH as heretofore it hath been much doubted and questioned, if any pson being in Prison and charged in Execucion by reason of any Judgment given against him, should afterwards happen to die in Execucion, whether the partie at whose Suite, or to whome such pson stood charged in Execucion at the tyme of his Death, be: for ever after concluded and barred to have execucion of the Lands and Goods of such pson so dying: And forasmuch as daylie experience doth manifest that divers psons of sufficiencie in reall and personall Estate, minding to deceive others of their just Debts for which they stood charged in Execucion, have obstinatelie and willfully chosen rather to live and die in prison, then to make any satisfaction according to their Abilities: To Pvent which Deceipt, and for the avoyding of such Doubts and Questions hereafter, Be it declared explayned and enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this ^sent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same. That from and after the end of this Psent Session of Parliament, the Partie or Parties, and at whose Suite, or to whome any pson shall stand charged in execution for any Debt or Dammagf recovered, his or their Executors or Administrators, may after the Death of the said pson soe charged, and dying in Execucion, lawfollie sue forth and have new Execucion against the Lands and Tenementf Goodes and Chattellf or any of them of the pson soe deceased, in such manner and forme to all Intentf and Purposes as hee or they or any of them might have had by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme, if such pson soe deceased had never been taken or charged in Execucion.

(') Provided alwaies and be it declared and enacted, That this Acte shall not extend to give libertie to any pson or psons their Executors or Administrators at whose Suite or Suites any such partie shalbe in Execucion, and die in Execucion, to have or take any new Execucion against any the Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf of such partie soe dying in Execucion which shall at any tyme after the said Judgement or Judgementf bee by him sold bona fide for the payment of any of his Creditors, and the Money which shalbe payd for the Lands so sold either paid or secured to be paid to any of his Creditors with their privitie and consent, in discharge of his or their due Debts or of some part thereof; Any thing before in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAPTER XXV.

An Acte for the Releife of Patentees Tenauntf & Farmors of Crowne Lands in Cases of Forfeyture.

FORASMUCH as the Kings Majestie out of his gracious disposicion is and ever hath bene averse from taking any advantage, howsoever lawfoll and just, against any of his Subjects growing by any Forfeiture Breach of Condicion or strict interpretation of his Highnes Grauntf or Ires Patentf or the Grauntf or tres Patentf of any of his Royall Predecessors, of any Mannors Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf, And yet the Grauntees or Patentees deriving their Estates by or from his Majestie or his Predecessors, have been too apt and ready to exact the Advantage of such Forfeiture, where his Majestie himselfe or his Predecessors have not required the same, which hath beene ever held an unequall and extreme course, and hath many times been releived by Suits in Courts of Equity, though with the great charge and trouble of the parties endangered thereby: For Remedy whereof, aswell where the King or any of his Predecessors or Successors, hath graunted or shall graunt the said Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf or any part thereof, or the Reversion of any part thereof, to any other, as where the Reversion Remaynder or Estate thereof is or shalbe in the Kings Majestie or his Successors, in the Right of the Crowne of England or Dutchie of Lancaster, or otherwise his Majestie of his abundant Grace towards his loving Subjects, is graciouslie pleased that it be enacted and be it enacted by the Kinges most excellent Majestie, by and with the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same. That if any pson

1 This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


V.

Act shall extend only to Courts where the Judge, Recorder, tcc. u a Barrister of Three Years’ standing.

VI. Act shall not extend to foreign Pleat.

Doubts hour far Lands and Goods of Persons dying in Execution are liable to their Debts i

The Party at whose Suit any Person shall stand charged in Execution may, after the Death of the Person so charged, sue out a new Execution against his Lands and Goods.

II.

Not to extend to Lands bond fide told for Payment of Debts.

Vexations by Grantees of the Crown taking Advantage of Forfeitures;

I

1234

21° Jac. 1. c. 25—27.

A.D. 16TM.

Where Pos9«wr» or pgons Bodies pollirique or corporate, having holding or possessing or which hereafter shall have hold or possesse by the Crown*have any Mannors Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf by vertue or colour of any originall Graunte or Lease or ^yment^of'lRetit Assignement of the same made by the Kings Majesde, or any of his Predecessors, or to be made by any of his or Service*, Successors for any nomber of yeares, for Life or Lives in Fee tayle or Fee ample, or other Estate whereuppon any to the^Crolro"md Rent Service or other Dude hath been is or shalbe reserved or payable with or under any Condidon or Limitacion of before iny Reentry Cesser or to be void for default of payment of such Rent or pformance of such Service or Dude heretofore

Forfeiture? no hath made, or any other by from or under whome he claymeth, hath made, or any which hereafter shall have hold Ad^ug. thereof or possesse shall make any default therein, and yet after such default made such Rent Service or other Dude hath the Crown. ° been or shalbe aunswered paid or done unto his Majesde or any of his Predecessors or Successors into his or their Receipt of the Exchequer or Duchie of Lancaster or Court of Wards, or to any other having Authoride to receive the same as the Case shall require, before any Advantage of such Forfeiture or cause of Forfeiture hath been or shalbe taken, and [and'] before any Cdmission awarded to esquire, or other pcesse issued touching the said Forfeiture or Nonpayment of Rent, that in all such Cases no Advantage shalbe taken by his Majesde his Heires or Successors of for or by reason of any such Forfeiture or cause of Forfeiture.

II.

None claiming under the Crown shall take any Advantage of such Default.

And be it further enacted, That no pson or psons clayming or which afterwards shall clayme by from or under his Majesde, or any of his Predecessors or Successors at any tyme after such Cause or Title of Forfeiture given, shall in any wise have or take any Benefitt or Advantage by reason meanes or colour of such default made or to be made; but that every such Estate forfeited or forfeitable by means or occasion of such default of Payment of Rent or pformance of Service or other Dude, shalbe adjudged to contynue and have his being, as if no such default or cause of Forfeiture had bene had or made; Any Lawe Custome or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Freuds by levying Fine*, &c. in the Name* of others;

Acknowledging any Fine, Recovery, Deed, Statute, Recognizance,

Bail, or Judgment, in the Name of another, declared Felony without Clergy, but not to work Corruption of Blood.

n.

Provilo for Judgments duly acknowledged by Attornies.

CHAPTER XXVI.

An Acte against such as shall levye any Fyne or suffer any Recovery in the Name of any other pson, not

being pryvye thereto.

WHEREAS it is of late growen to be a great and generall Girevance to his Majesdes Subjects within the Realme of England and the Dominion of Wales, that many lewd p6ons of base Condidon, for very little Reward or Recompence, have of late yeares used and still doe use to levy Fines and suffer Recoveries of Lands and other Hereditamentf to knowledge Statutes Recognizances Bayles and Judgementf in the Name or Names of any other pson or psons not privie or consenting to the same, which hath and dailie doth tume to the great inquietacion charge trouble and undoing of many of the good Subjects of this Kingdome, and the rather, for that there is noe Remedie in Lawe to reforme these and the like Abuses; For Remedie whereof be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesde, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this Psent Parliament assembled and by Authoride of the same. That all and every pson and psons which at any tyme after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, shall acknowledge or pcure to be acknowledged any Fine or Fines Recoverie or Recoveries Deede or Deedes inrolled. Statute or Statutes Recognizance or Recognizances Bayle or Bayles Judgement or Judgementf in the Name or Names of any other pson or psons not privie and consenting to the same, and being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, shalbe adjudged esteemed and taken to be Felons, and suffer the paines of Death, and incurre such Forfeitures and Penalties as Felons in other Cases convicted or attainted doe by the Lawes of England lose and forfeit, without the benefitt or priviledg of Clergye to be allowed to any such Offender or Offenders : Provided alwaies That such Attainder shall not be any Corrupcion of Blood nor losse of Dower to the Wife, but the next Heire shall have the Lands whereof such psons attainted died seised, and such Wife her Dower, as if no such Attainder had been had.

(*) Provided alwayes and be it likewise enacted by the Authoride aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend to any Judgement or Judgementf acknowledged by any Attornie or Attornies of Record, for any pson or psons against whome any such Judgement or Judgementf shalbe had or given.

t¥

e*

t*

Ifli

r.

it

m

k*

si


ki

an

id

131

aid

xs


r i a M;

ii

kl


a

ji

B

H

a



h

a

fa

5

I

i

1

CHAPTER XXVII.

An Acte to pvent the murthering of Bastard Children.

For preventing "TX WHEREAS many lewd Women that have been delivered of Bastard Children, to avoyd their shame and to

Butards. * ▼ escape Punishment, doe secretlie bury, or conceale the Death, of their Children, & after if the Child be found

dead the said Women doe alleadge that the said Childe was borne dead ; whereas it falleth out sometymes (although hardlie it is to be proved) that the said Child or Children were murthered by the said Women their lewd Mothers, or by their assent or pcurement: For the pventing therefore of this great Mischeife, be it enacted by the Authoride of

I

i

l

i

i

' An erroneous Repetition on the Roll.—0. omits.

• This Proviso is annexed to the Original Act in a separate Schedule.


A.D. 162SA.

21° Jac. I. c.27, 28.

1235

this Psent Parliament, That if any Woman after one Moneth next ensuing the end of this Session of Parliament, be delivered of any Issue of her Body Male or Female, which being born alive, should by the Lawes of this Realme be a Bastard, and that she endeavor privatelie either by drowning or secrett burying thereof, or any other way, either by herselfe or the pcuring of others, soe to conceale the Death thereof, as that it may not come to light, whether it were borne alive or not, but be concealed, in every such Case the Mother soe offending shall suffer Death as in case of Murther, except such Mother can make pffe by one Witnesse at the least, that the Child (whose Death was by her soe intended to be concealed) was borne dead.

And this Act to continue untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

Mother concealing the Death of a Bastard shall suffer at for Murder, unleu one Witnessprove the Child born dead.

II.

Continuance of Act

CHAPTER XXVIII.

An Acte for contynewing and revyving of divers Statutf, and Repeale of dyvers others.

BE it enacted by the Authoritie of this fsent Parliament, That one Acte made in the one and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Eight, intituled An Acte for true making of Cables Halsers and Ropes ; And an Acte made in the foure and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the said King Henry the Eight, entituled An Act against killing of young Beastf called Weanlingf; And two Acts made in the Parliament holden at Westminster by Progacion the fourth day of November, and continued untill the first day of Februarie next after, in the third and fourth yeares of the Raigne of the late King Edward the Sixt, the one entituled An Acte for the buying and selling of Rother Beastf and Cattell, the other entituled An Act for the buying and selling of Butter and Cheese; And one Act made in the first yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, entituled An Acte for the Pservacion of Spawne and Frie of Fish; And an Acte made in the fist yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, entituled An Act for avoiding divers forreine Wares made by Handicraftsmen beyond the Seas; And so much of one Acte made in the said fifte yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, entituled An Act touching certaine pollitique Consdtucions made for the maynten*nce of the Navie, as is not repealed by any later Statute, nor doth conceme the transportacion of Herringf or other Seafish, nor freedome of Custome Subsidie or Tonnage for the same, nor transportacion of Corne, nor the phibiting the bringing into this Realme any Codd or Lingf in Barrellf or other Caskes, together with all and every other Addicions Explanacions and Alteracions made thereunto or thereof or of any part thereof, by any Statute or Statutes made sithence the making of the said last mencioned Act and in force the last day of the Session of Parliament that was in the seaventh yeare of his Majesties Raigne of England; And an Act made in the eight yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte for Bowyers and the Prices of Bowes; And three Acts made in the thirteenth yeare of her said Majesties Raigne, one intituled An Acte that Purveyors may take Come and Victuallf within Five Miles of Cambridge and Oxford in certaine cases; one other. An Act against Fraudes, defeating Remedies for Dilapidacions of Ecdesiasdcall Livingf, and for Leases to be graunted by the Collegiate Churches ; another, entituled An Act touching Leases of Benefices and other Ecclesiasticall Livingf with Cure, together with all and every Explanacions Addicions and Alteracions thereof or of any of them, or to any of them made by several Statutes of the fourteenth eighteenth and three and fortith yeere of her said late Majesties Reigne; and soe much of an Act made in the fourteenth yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, entituled An Acte for the punishment of Vagabondf and for the Releife of the Poore and Impotent, as concemeth the taxing rating levying receiving and imploying of Goale Mony; And soe much of an Acte made in the Eighteenth Yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, entituled An Acte for setting the Poore on Worke, and avoiding Idlenes, as concemeth Bastardf begotten out of lawfull Matrimonie; And an Acte made in the said Eighteenth Yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, entituled An Act for the repairing and amending of the Bridges and Highwaies nere unto the Citie of Oxford; And Two Actes made in the Seaven and Twentith Yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, the one intytuled An Act for the Maynten*nce of the Peere and Cob of Lyme Regis, in the Countie of Dorsett, and the other intituled An Act for the good Goverment of the Citie or Borough of Westminster; And Two other Actes made in the said Seaven and Twentith Yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, the one intituled An Act for reviving of a former Statute, for the true making of Mault; and the other intituled An Act for the keeping the Seabanckf and Seaworkes in the Countie of Norffolke; And an Act made in the One and Thirtith Yeare of her said Majesties Reigne, entituled An Act for the true gauging of Vessellf brought from beyond the Seas, converted by Brewers for the Utterance and Sale of Beere and Ale ; And Two Acts made in the five and Thirtith Yere of her said late Majesties Raigne, the one intituled An Act for the Reformacion of sundry Abuses in Clothes called Devonshire Kersies or Dozens, according to a Proclamacion of the Foure and Thirtith Yeare of her said Majesties Raigne, the other intituled An Act for the bringing in of Clapboard from the Parts beyond the Seas, and the restrayning of the transporting of Wine Caskes, for the sparing and pserving of Timber within the Realme; And so much of one Acte made in the said Five and Thirtith Yeare of the Reigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, entituled An Act to retame the Queens Majesties Subjects in their due Obedience, as hath not byn sithence repealed by any other Statute; And the severall Acts hereafter mencioned made in the Nine and Thyrtith Yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, that is to saie; An Acte entituled An Act for the Punishment of Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdy Beggers, with the Provision annexed thereunto by one Acte made in the

The following Temporary Acta continued from 7 Jac. I.

a I H.VIII. c. iz. Cables, See.;

24 H.VIII. c.9. killing Weanlingf 5 3 & 4 E. VI. c. 19. Cattle t

c. 21. Butter, &c.; 1 Eliz. c. 17.

Fry of Fish ; t Eliz. c. 7. Importation of foreign Wares; Certain Parts of c Eliz. c.5.

Navy, as amended.

8 Eliz. c. 10. Bowyers

13 Eliz. c. 21. Purveyors;

13 Eliz. c. 10. Dilapidations;

13 Eliz. c. 20. Leases of Benefices, as amended by

14 Eliz. c. 11. $3. 18 Eliz. c. 11. and 43 Eliz. c. 9. 14 Eliz. c. 5. § 38. Gaol-Money 5

18 Eliz. c. 3.

§ I. Bastards;

18 Eliz. c. 20. Oxford Highways;

27 Eliz.pr. mi. I. Lyme Regis;

*7 Eliz. c. 31. Westminster;

27 Eliz. c. 14. making Malt

27 Eliz. c. 24. Sea-hanks

31 Eliz. c. 8.

Beer Vessels;

Stat. 33 Eliz. c. 10. Cloths;

c. 11. Clap-board

35 Eliz. c. 1. Allegiance, so far as not repealed

Stats. 39 Eliz. viz. c. 4. Vagabonds, (as amended by 1 Jac. I. c. aj. ft.)


1236

21° Jac. 1. c. 28.

A.D.\6C23A.

c. to Mariners; c. la. Labourers; c. 14. Wool Cards; c. 16. Malt c. 17. Beggars;

Stats. 43 Eliz. viz. c. 3. Soldiers, &c. c. 6. Actious; c. 2. Poor,

(as amended by I Jac. I. c. 2;. $1.) c. to Cloths; c J- Perjury;

Stats. 1 Jac. 1. viz. c. 6. Labourers; c. 7. Vagabonds; c. 8. Stabbing; c. 9. Alehouses; c. 18. Hops

c. 22. Tanners, &c. (as amended by Jac. I. c. 6.)

c. 27. Game;

c. 31. Plague;

Stats. 3 Jac. I. viz. c. 8. Executions;

c.9. Skinners;

c. 10. Criminals;

c. 11. Export of Beer;

c. 19. Hoads; Stats. 4 Jac. 1. viz. c. 2. Cloths;

c. 5. Drur.kt:; c. 11. 1-closures;

Stats. 7 Jac. I. viz. c. I. Northern Criminals

c. 4. Vagabonds

c.;. Justices, &c.;

c. 11. Hawking;

c. 12. Shop Books;

c. 13. Hunting

c. 17. Burning Heath, &c. ; c. 18. Sea Sand ; c. 20. Draining.

II.

Said Acts may be amended in this Session.

First Yeare of the Kings Majesties Raigne that now is, entituled An Act for contynuing and reviving of divers Statutes, and for repealing of some others ; An Act intituled An Act for the Increase of Mariners, and for Maynten*nce of Navigation, repealing a former Act made in the Three and Twentith Yeare of her said Majesties Raigne, bearing the same Title, An Act entituled An Act for the Explanation of the Statute made in the Fifte Yeare of her said Majesties Reigne concerning Labourers; An Act intituled An Act phibiting the bringing into this Realme of forraine Cardf for Wooll; An Acte intituled An Act for excessive making of Mault; An Act intituled An Acte against lewd and wandring psons ptending to be Souldiers or Mariners; And the severall Acts hereafter mencioned made in the Three and Fortith Yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, that is to saie; An Act entituled An Act for the necessary releife of Souldiers and Marriners ; An Act intituled An Act to avoid trifeiing and frivolous Suites in Lawe in her Majesties Courts at Westminster; An Act intituled An Act for the releife of the Poore, with the addicion thereunto made by an Act made in the first yeere of his Majesties Raigne of England, intituled An Act for contynuing of divers Statutes, and for repeale of some others, and with this further addicion, And be it enacted, That all psons to whome the Overseers of the Poore shall according to the said Act binde any Children Apprentices, may take and recieve and keep them as Apprentices, any former Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; An Act entituled An Act for the true making and working of Woollen Cloth ; An Act intituled An Act to pvent Pjury and Subomadon of Pjury and unnecessary expence in Suits of Lawe; And the several Actes made in the first yeare of the Raigne of our now Soveraigne Lord the King, after mencioned, one entituled An Act made for the Explanacion of the Statute made in the fifth yeare of the late Queene Elizabeths Reign concerning Labourers; another intituled An Act for the Contynuance and Explanacion of the Statute made in the nyne and thirtith yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, entituled An Act for punishment of Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdie Beggars; another, intituled An Act to take away the Benefitt of Clergie for some kind of Manslaughter; another, entituled An Act to restraine the inordinate haunting and tipling in Innes Alehouses and other Victualling Houses; another, entituled An Act for avoyding Deceit in selling buying or spending corrupt and unwholsome Hoppes; an other Act, entituled An Act concerning Tanners Curriers Shoemakers and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather, saving for such part thereof as is repealed by one other Act made in the fourth yeere of his Majesties Raigne of England, in that behalfe; an other, intituled An Act for the better execucion of the intent and meaning of former Statutes made against shooting in Gunnes, and for the pservacion of Game of Phesantf and Partridges, and against the destroying of Hares with Harepipes, and tracing Hares in the Snowe; and another, entituled An Act for the charitable releife and ordering of psons infected with the Plague; And the severall Acts made in the thirde yeare of the Reigne of our said Soveraigne Lord King James after mencioned, the one intituled An Act for avoiding unnecessary delayes of Execucions; another, intituled An Acte for the releife of such as lawfullie use the Trade and Handicraft of Skinners; another, intituled An Act for the rating and levying of the Charges for conveying of Malefactors and Offenders to the Gaole; another Acte, intituled An Acte for transportacion of Beere over the Seas; and another, intituled An Act for repairing of the Highwaie from Nonsuch to Talworth in the Parishes of Ewell and Long Ditton in the Countie of Surrey, leading to Kingstone upon Thames in the County aforesaid ; And that the severall Acts made in the fourth yeare of the Raigne of our now Soveraigne Lord King James, after mencioned, the one intituled An Acte for the true making of Woollen Clothes ; another, intituled An Act for the repressing the odious and loathsome Sinne of Drunkennesse ; and another, entituled An Act for the better pvision of Meadow and Pasture, for [the1] necessary mainten*nce of Husbandry and Tillage in the Mannors Lordshipps and Parishes of Merden als Mawarden Bodenham Wellington Sutton Saint Michaell Sutton S' Nicholas Murton uppon Lugge and the Parish of Pype, & every of them, in the Countie of Hereford; And the severall Acts made in the seventh yeare of the Raigne of our said Soveraigne Lord King James, after mencioned, the one intituled An Act for the better execucion of Justice and suppressing of Criminall Offenders in the North parts of the Kingdome of England; another, intituled An Act for the due execucion of divers Lawes and Statutes heretofore made against Rogues Vagabondf and Sturdy Beggers and other lewd and idle psons; another, intituled An Act for ease in Pleading against troublesom and contencious Suits psecuted against Justices of the Peace Mayors Constables and certaine other his Majesties Officers for the lawfull execucion of their Office ; another, intituled An Act to pvent the spoile of Corne and Graine by untimelie hawking, and for the better pservacion of Phesantf and Partridges; another, intituled An Act to avoyd the double payment of Debts ; another, intituled An Act for the explanacion of one Statute made in the third yeare of the Reigne of our now Soveraigne Lord King James, entituled An Act against unlawfull hunting and stealing of Deere and Conyes; another, intituled An Act against burning of Ling and Heath and other More burning in the Counties of Yorke Durham Northumberland Cumberland Westmerland Lancaster Derby Nottingham and Leicester at unseasonable tymes in the yeare; another, intituled An Act for the taking landing and carrying of Sea Sand for the bettering of Ground f, and for the increase of Come and Tillage within the Counties of Devon and Comewall; and another, intituled An Act for the speedie recovery of many thousand Acres of Marish Ground within the Counties of Norffolke and Suffolke latelie surrounded by the rage of the Sea in divers parts of the said Counties, and for the pvention of the danger of the like surrounding hereafter, shall by virtue of this Act be adjudged ever since the Session of Parliament in the Seventh yeere of his Majesties Raigne of England to have been of such force and effect as the same were the last day of that Session, and from thenceforth untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

Provided neverthelesse, That soe much of every of the said Acts as by any newe Acte made in this Session of Parliament shalbe explained altered or repealed, shall for so much thereof from the end of this Session of Parliament stand and be in force as by those other Acts shalbe ordayned.

1 0. omits.


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 28.

1237

Providbd alsoe and be it further enacted by the authoride of this £>sent Parliament, That when the prices of Comes or Graines exceed not the Rates hereafter following, at the Times Havens and Places when and where the same Corne or Graine shalbe bought shipped or loaden, vidett, the Quarter of Wheate at Two and thirde shillingf, the Quarter of Rye at Twenrie shillingf, the Quarter of Pease and Beanes at Sixteene shillingf, the Quarter of Barley or Mault at Sixteene shillingf of currant English Mony, that then it shalbe lawfull for all and every pson and psons being Subjects of the Kings Majesde his Heires or Successors, to cary and transport of his own, and to buy to sell againe in Markets and out of Markets, and to keepe or sell or cary and transport any of the said Comes and Graines from the places where they shalbe of such prices unto any parts beyond the Seas in amide with his Majesde, as Merchandize, in Shipps Crayes or other Vessellf whereof any English borne Subject or Subjects then shalbe the Owner or Owners, or the same to carry and sell in other places within this Realme or Dominions thereof; Any Lawe Usage or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding : And that the Kings Majesde his Heires and Successors shall have and receive by the Customers and Officers of his Ports, for the Custome or Poundage of every Quarter of Wheat to be transported by force of this Statute out of this Realme, Two shillingf ; of every Quarter of other Graine, Sixteene pence; which said severall somes so to be had and taken as Custome or Poundage, shalbe in lull sadsfaccion of all manner of Custome or Poundage for the said Come or Graine, by any Consutucion Order Statute Lawe or Custome heretofore made used or taken for transporting of any such manner of Corne and Grayne.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoride of this p>sent Parliament, That the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors may at all tymes by his and their Writt of Proclamation to be published generally in the whole Realme, or in any of the Counties of the Realme where any Port Townes are, comaund that no pson shall by vertue of this Act transport or convey any manner of Graine out of his Highnes Dominions generally, or out of any speciall Ports to be in the same Prodamacion pardcularlie named, for such tyme as shalbe therein lymitted and appointed; and it shall not be lawful for any pson to cary out any such Graine contrary to the tenor of the same Prodamacion, uppon such Paines and Forfeitures as by the Lawes and Statutes of this Realme are and have byn pvided and ordayned in that behalfe: This Act or any thing therein contayned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Providbd alsoe and be it enacted, That no pson or psons shall incurre any penalde for want of Length Bredth or Weight of Welsh Cottons under the price of Fifteene pence the yard or Two shillingf the Goad, so as they be not mixt with Haire or other deceiptfull Stuff, nor for any others above that price, except they be mixt as aforesaid, or shall shrinke above the rate of halfe a yard in twelve yards in length, or weigh lesse then fourteene ounces the yard, or hold not full three quarters of a yard broad.

And be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid. That all Statutes heretofore made that take away Sanctuary for any Offence, shall for soe much as concemeth the taking away of Sanctuary be revived, and shalbe and stand in force and power; Any Words of Repeale contayned in the Statute made in the first Session of Parliament helde in the first yeare of his Majesties Raigne of England, intituled An Act for contynuing and reviving of divers Statutes, and for repealing of some others, or in this p*sent Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it alsoe enacted by the authoride of this pWit Parliament, That no Sanctuarie or Priviledge of Sanctuary shalbe hereafter admitted or allowed in any case.

And whereas in the Session of Parliament holden in the fifth yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, one Act was made, endtuled An Act for the punishment of such as shall peure or edmitt Pjury; And by one other Act made in a Session of Parliament begun in the eight and twendth yeere of the Reigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, it was enacted, that the said Act should from thenceforth bee remaine and continue in force 8c effect for ever; And yet neverthelesse in the Parliament holden in the first yeare of his Majesties Reigne of England, by one Act, intituled An Act for continuing and reviving divers Statutes, and for repealing of some others, it was amongest other things enacted, that the said Act made in the said fifth yeere of the said late Queene Elizabeth, for punishment of Perjury, should be revived and contynued untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament; it is now declared and enacted by Authoride of this jPsent Parliament, That the said Act con?ning Pjury, made in the said fifth yeere, and every Clause Braunch Article and Provision therein, doth now stand and shall from henceforth be remaine and continue in force and effect for ever.

And be it alsoe enacted, That one part of the Statute made in the five and twendth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Eight, endtuled An Act [for'] the destruction of Wilde Foule, which was repealed by a later Act made in the Parliament holden in the third and fourth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Edward the Sixt shalbe revived and stand in force untill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

And be it alsoe enacted, That one Act made in the first yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Mary for and concerning the making repayring and amendement of the C5mon Highway and Causey in the Counties of Dorsett and Somersett, betweene the Townes of Shaftesbury and Sherborne in the same Countie of Dorsett, be revived and stand in force unrill the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

III. Exportation of Corn allowed, when not exceeding certain Pricer, viz. Wheat, 3«.

Rye, xoi.

Pease, >6.

Barley or Malt, l6a. per Quarter.

Cuitom Duty on Export; Wheat, at. other Corn, i6d. per Quarter.

IV.

The King may prohibit the Export of Com by Proclamation.

V.

Restraining Penalties for Deficiency of Length in certain Cloths.

VI.

All Statutes taking away Sanctuary revived.

VII.

All Privileges of Sanctuary abolished.

VIII.

Stat. eEliz. c. 9. as to Perjury, (made perpetual by x8 Eliz. c. 5. § 1. but revived and continued by iJac.I. c.zc. 5.) declared to be and remain in force for ever.

IX.

ij H.VIII. c. 11. Wild Fowl, (repealed by 3, 4 E. VI. c7.) revived and continued.

X.

I Mary, St.3. c.r. Dorsetshire Roads, revived and continued.

1 ayenst.—St. 35 H.VIII. c. 11.


14 M

1238

21°Jac. 1. c. 28.

A.U. 16*23-4.

XI.

Certain Statute*

repealed, riz.

4 Edw.HI. c.8. Faisage at Porta;

i 3 Rie.II. c. *o. Passage at Port*;

4 Edw. IV. c. to Passage at Dover;

*7 Edw. III. c.j. Price of Poultry ; ja Edw. HI. c.6. Measures;

14 Edw. III. c. ao. Export of Com i

17 Ric. II. c. 7. Export of Corn;

* Edw. IV. c. *. Import of Com;

4 Hen. VII. c.9. Hats and Caps;

14 Ric. II. c. 7.

1 j Ric. II. c. 8. Export of Tin; sH.V. st. a. c.3. Pattens;

36E. III. st.i. c. 8. a H.V. st. 2. c. a. Priests’ Wages;

4H.VII. c.8. Price of Cloths;

7 Ric. II. c. j.

23 Edw. III. c. 7. it H.VII. c.2.

19 H. VII. c.ia. Vagabonds;

Stat. 12 Ric. II. c.J. 4.1,6, 7, 8,9, Labourers and Beggars;

as H.VIII. c. la. 3. 4 Edw.VI. c.16. Vagabonds;

11 H. VI. c. ta.

Wax Chandlers;

De Pistorihus, Temp. Incert.

Vol. I. pa. 203. Assize of Wine;

24 H.VIII. c.6. 28 H.VIII. c. 14. Price of Wines;

a? H.VIII. c.18. § 1. Rents of Houses in Worcester, &c.

4 H.V II. c. 19.

And be it further enacted by Authoritie of this Psent Parliament, That one Statute made in the fourth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Edward the Third, reciting, that before that tyme a Horseman was wont to have his passage over the Sea from the Port of Dover for Two Shillingf and a Footman for Six pence, and ordering concerning passage at Dover and other places, as in the said Statute is conteyned; And one other Statute made in the thirteenth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Richard the Second, by which it is enacted, that all Pilgrimes and all other people, except certaine psons in that Statute excepted, shall passe at the Ports of Dover and Plymouth, and not elsewhere without speciall Licence of the King himselfe; And one Statute made in the fourth yeere of the Reigne of the late King Edward the Fourth, concerning passage from Dover, and all other Statutes therein recited or mendoned; And one other Statute made in the seven and thirtith yeere of the Reigne of the late King Edward the Third, concerning the prices of Poultry; And one Statute made in the foure and thirtith yeere of the Reigne of the late King Edward the Third, concerning Weights and Measures, and beginning, Where it is conteyned in the Great Charter that one Measure shalbe used through the Realme; and by which it is ordeined. That certaine Articles shalbe holden and kept, uppon the paines conteyned in a Statute made in the eight and twenrith yeere of the Raigne of the late King Edward the Third; And one other Statute made in the said foure and thirtith yeere of the Raigne of the said late King Edward the Third, by which it is ordeyned, that the passage of Come shalbe defended in all the Ports of England so that none have Licence or Warrant to passe with such Corne in any wise, unlesse it be to certaine places in the said Acte specified ; And one Statute made in the seaventeenth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Richard the Second, whereby Licence is graunted to all the Kings liege people to shipp and cary Come out of the Realme; And one Statute made in the third yeere of the Raigne of the late King Edward the Fourth, concerning Come not to be brought into the Realme in certaine Cases; And one Statute made in the fourth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Seaventh, concerning the prices of Hats and Cappes ; And one other Statute made in the fourteenth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Richard the Second, ordering that the passage of Tinne out of the Realme shalbe at the Port of Dartmouth and no where else; And one other Statute made in the fifteenth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Richard the Second, concerning Carriage of Tynn to Callys; And one Statute made in the fourth yeere of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Fifth, conc’ning making of Patens of Aspe; And one Statute made in the six and thirtith yeere of the Raigne of the late King Edward the Third, concerning Stipend or Wages of Preistf, and Preistf passing frome one Dioces to another; And one other Statute made in the second yeere of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Fifth, concerning Wages or Stipend of Chapleines and Preistf; And so much of one Acte made in the fourth yeere of the Reigne of King Henry the Seventh, as appointeth the Rates and Prices how broad Clothes of the Colour of Scarlett or other Colours and other Clothes shalbe sold; And one Statute made in the eleventh yeere of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Seventh, concerning Vagabondf unlawfull Games and Alehouses, and every part thereof, together with one Statute made in the tyme of the late King Richard the Second, therein mencioned; And one Statute made in the nyneteenth yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Seaventh concerning Vagabondf Beggers unlawfull Games and Alehouses, and every part thereof; And one Statute made in the three and twentith yeere of the Reigne of the late King Edward the Third, concerning valiant Beggers ; And one other Statute made in the seventh yere of the Reigne of the late King Richard the Second, concerning Robartfmen Drawlatches Vagabondf and Faitors; And seven severall Acts and Statutes made in the twelfth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Richard the Second, whereof the first concemeth Artificers Labourers Servantf Victualers, the second concerneth Wages of Servantf, the third concerneth labouring at Plough and Cart, the fourth concerneth Servantf bearing of Buckler Swords and Daggers, and using unlawfull Games, the fifth concemeth psons that goe begging, the sixth concemeth those that feign themselves men travayling out of the Realme and there to be imprisoned, and the seventh concemeth the Execucion of the Ordinances aforesaid concerning Servantf Labourers Beggers and Vagabondf; And one Acte or Statute made in the two and twentith year of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Eight, entituled An Act how aged poore and impotent psons compelled to live by Alms, shall be ordered, and how Vagabondf and mightie strong Beggers shalbe punished, and every part thereof; And one Act or Statute made in the third yeere of the Raigne of the late King Edward the Sixt, intituled An Act touching the punishment of Vagabondf and other idle psons; And one Statute made in the eleaventh yeare of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Sixt, concerning Waxe Chaundlers, the price of Candles and other things wrought of Wax ; And that part of one Statute, comonly called Statutum de Pistoribj, which ordeineth. That the Assize of Wine shall be kept according to the Assize of our Soveraigne Lord the King, that is to wit, a Sexterne at Twelve pence, and that if the Taverners exceed the same Assize, their Doores shall be shut up by the Mayors and Baylifff, and shall not be suffered to sell Wine untill they have obteyned the Licence of the King ; And one Statute made in the foure and twentith yeere of the Reigne of the late King Henry the Eight, intituled An Acte concerning the Sale of Wines; And that part of one Statute made in the eight and twentith yeere of the Reigne of the late King Henry the Eight, by which it is ordeyned, that noe pson or psons shall sell any Gascoigne Guion or French Wines above certaine Prices in that Acte mencioned, under the paine in the said Act specified, and that no Malmeseys Romneys Sackf or other sweet Wines shall be sould by retayle above the Prices therein conteyned, under the paynes in that Act menebned ; And alsoe that part of a Statute made in the five and twentith yeere of the Reigne of the late King Henry the Eight, by which it is enacted, That the Lords and Owners of the Meases Tenementf or Cottages in the City of Worcester, and other Townes and Burroughes in the said Acte mencioned, should at no tyme after that admitt sett or lett any Mease Tenement or Cottage sufficientlie repayred within the said City Burrowe or Townes in that Act lymitted, to any pson or psons that after that should inhabite in the said City Burrow or Townes, and excising the Misteries or Craft in that Act mencioned, at any higher Rent Imposicion or Charge then was given for the same at any tyme within twentie yeeres next before the making of that Acte: And one Acte made in the fourth yeere of King Henry the Seventh, concerning Houses of

0y

A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 28.

1239

Husbandry and Tillage; And one Acte made in the seaventh yeare of King Henry the Eight, entituled An Act to 7 H.vin. c. 1. avoyd letting down of Townes; And one Acte made in the seven and twendth yeere of King Henry the Eight, *7 H.vili. c. sa. endtuled An Act concerning Decay of Houses and Enclosures; And one Acte made in the fist yeere of the Reigne of

King Edward the Sixt, endtuled An Act for the mainten'nce of Tillage and encrease of Come ; And one Acte made pec*7 of *""* * in the fifth yeere of the Reign of Queene Elizabeth, endtuled An Acte for maintenance and encrease of Tillage;

And that part of the Statute made in the seaven and twendth yeare of the Reigne of the late King Henry the Eight, j7^H. VIII.^c.18. by which it is ordeyned. That all and singuler Psons Bodies Pollidque and Corporate to whome the Kings Majesde HoutehSTby"* after that should giva graunte let set or demise any Scite or Precinct, with the Houses thereuppon builded, together ^SheyTand* • with the Demesnes of any Monastery Priory or other Religious Houses that should be dissolved or given to the King by that Acte shalbe bound to keepe House and Houshold and occupie Demesnes in plowing and dlling of Husbandry, as in that Act is specified, under the paines therein contayned ; And one Statute made in the fowerteenth yeere of

the Reigne of the late King Richard the Second, against buying of Wooll of others then of the Owner of the Sheepe and Tythe, and every Clause in the same Statute; And that part of one Statute made in the eighth yeere of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Sixt, by which it is enacted, that no man buy Yarne of Wooll called Wollen Tame unlesse he will make Cloth thereof; And one Statute made in the fifth and sixth yeere of the Raigne of the late King Edward the Sixt, entituled An Acte lymidng the tymes for buying and selling of Woolles ; And one Statute made in the three and thirtith yeere of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Eight, entituled An Acte concerning keeping n H. VIII. c.j. of great Horses; And soe much of the Statute made in the tyme of the Reigne of King Edward the First, comonly g" called the Statute of Winchester, as concerneth the having keeping and view of Harnesse and Armes; And that part 13 Edw. I. e.6. of the Statute comonly called Articuli sup Chartas, by which it is ordeyned, that none shall make Rings Crosses or ^™°^r ^ ^ ^ Locks; And one Statute made in the seaven and thirtith yeere of the Raigne of the late King Edward the Third, by Ring, Crown, He. which it is ordeyned, That Makers of white Vessellf shall not guild ; And that part of one Statute made in the second 37 Ed*- HI. c. 7. yeere of the Reigne of the late King Henry the Fifth, by which Goldsmiths are phibited to take more then f* h"v 4. Fortie six Shilling^ and Eight pence for a Pound Troy of Silver guilt; And one Statute made in the second yeere of Price of Silver Gilt; the Reigne of the late King Henry the Sixt, by which it is enacted, That no Silver be bought for more then Thirtie * Hen. VI. c. 16.

8 Hen. VI. c. 5. c. 6 Edw. VI. buying Wool;

Shillingf the Pound of Troy; And one Statute made in the second yeere of the Reigne of the late King Henry the

foreign Coin;

2 Hen.IV. cc. 12, 16, 17, 18, 10.

4 Hen. IV. cc. 26 *8, 30, 31,32, 33

Price of Silver;

Fourth, against bringing in of Coine of Flaunders Scotland and other Foreine Coine; And one Statute made in the 2 Hen. IV. c. 6. second yeere of the Reigne of the late King Henry the Fourth, by which it is enacted, That no Welchman whole borne in Wales, and having Father and Mother borne in Wales, shall purchase Lands and Tenementf within the Towne of Chester and other Places named in that Act; and that no Welchman shalbe chosen a Citizen or Burgesse in any Citie Borough or Merchant Towne, and that Welshmen be not put in certaine Offices nor beare Armes, and Welchmen, every Clause thereof; And one other Statute made in the same yeare, concerning Arrestf made by the Inhabitantf of Wales, and driving of Distresses into Wales; And one other Statute made in the same yeere, concerning Welchmen exitring into the Counties adjoyning, and in the same doe burne kill ravish or comit any other Felony or Trespass;

And one other Statute made in same yeere, by which it is enacted, That the Lords of the Marches of Wales shall ordaine and set sufficient Stuffing and Ward in their Castles and Seniories of Wales; And one other Statute made in the same yeere, by which it is established. That no Welchman be received to purchase Lands or Tenementf within England nor within the Boroughs or English Townes of Wales, Nor that no Welchman should be accepted Burgesse nor to have any other Libertie within the Realme nor within the Boroughs and Townes aforesaid, and ev*>ry Clause in every the said Statutf made in the said second yeere; And one Statute made in the fourth yeere of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Fourth, whereby it is ordayned, That no Englishmen liege to the King bee convicted by any Welchman, nor that English Burgesses which have married Welchwomen, have Franchesies with English Burgesses ; And one other Welclmen. Statute made in the same yeere, by which it is ordayned. That no Congregacions be made or suffred to be made by the Welchmen but as in the said Statute is appointed: And one other Statute made in the same yeere, concerning sending and bringing Merchandize and Armour into Wales; And one other Statute made in the same yeere, concerning Welchmens not having of Castle Fortresse or House of Defence to keepe; And one other Statute made in the same yeere, That Welchmen shall not be made Justice Chamberleine nor have certaine other Offices in the said Statute mencioned; And one other Statute made in the same yeere, concerning storing of the Castles and Townes in Wales with English ; And one other Statute made in the same yeere, That Englishmen marrying Welch Women shall not be put in Offices, And every Clause of the said Statute made in the said fourth yeere; And one Statute made in the 9 Hen. IV. c. j. nyneth yeere of the Reigne of the said late King Henry the Fourth, concerning Felonies and Robberies done within

any Signiorie of South Wales; And soe much of one Statute made in the five and twendth yeere of the Reigne of 25 Hen. VI. c. 1.

the late King Henry the Sixt, as concerneth the confirming of Statutf made before that tyme against Welchmen, and Ig4'n,t Welchmen-making void Grauntf of Franchises made to Welchmen, and concerning Villaines in Wales; And that part of one 13 R.II.it.t. c.8. Statute made in the thirteenth yeere of the Reigne of King Richard the Second, by which it is ordeyned, that Hostlers shall sell Hay and Oates at a reasonable price, so that they take not but one halfepenny over the cdmon price in the Markett; And that part of one other Statute made in the fourth yeere of the Reigne of King Henry the Fourth, by which it is enacted, That Hostlers shall incurre the quadruple value of that that he hath taken over one halfepenny of

every Bushell of Oates above the comon price in Markett; And one part of the Statute made in the fourth and fifth 4,5 P. & M. c. 3.

yeere of the Reigne of the late King Philipp and Queene Mary, and other Statutes, by which it is enacted, that none shall putt to sale within the Realme of England any coloured Cloth of any other colour or colours then are in these Acts mencioned ; And one other part of the same Statute of Philipp and Mary, by which it is ordayned, That after the first *f day of May then next cfiming, none shall use or exercise the Feate or Mistery of making weaving or rowing of Woollen Clothes, long or short, or Kersies pinned, Whites or Playnes Straytes, to the intent to put the same to sale, but

4 Hen. IV. c. 2J. Hostler* telling Oats, tie.

1240

21° Jac. I. c. 28, 29.

A.D. 162S-4.

18 Eli*, c. 16. Clothiers.

XII.

3* H.VIII. c.13. f 1,3. Horses, shill not extend to Cornwall.

only in a Markett Towne where Cloth had used to bee made by the space of tenne yeeres then last past, or in a Citie Borough or Towne Corporate, uppon the Paines therein conteyned; And one Statute made in the eighteenth yeere of the Reigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, for tolleradon of certaine Clothiers to dwell out of Townes Corporate, shall bee by vertue of this Act repealed.

And be it also enacted, That so much of the Statute made in the two and thirtith yeere of the Raigne of the late King Henry the Eight, entituled An Act concerning the Breede of Horses of higher Stature, as concemeth or inhibiteth the putting of Horses into certaine Grounds, unlesse they be of Sutures in that Acte menc6ned, under the Paines therein conuyned, and that giveth authoritie to kill Mares Fillies Foales or Geldingf in certaine cases in that Act menc&ned, shall not extend to the Countie of Cornewall after the end of this Session of Parliament.

Special Estate of the Prince of Wile. in the Dukedom of Cornwall, affecting the Validity of Leasea of Lands within the Duchy

All Leases of Duchy Lands, made by Prince Charles, declared valid against the Crown, &c.

II.

Such Leases shall be made only for 3! Years or 3 Lives in Possession or Reversion, and at the ancient Rents, 8tc.

New Rents not less than One-twentieth of the Value.

CHAPTER XXIX.

An Acte to enable Prince Charles to make Leases of Lands pcell of the Duchie of Cornewall.

IN most humble wise beseecheth your most excellent Majestic your humble and obedient Sonne and Suppliant Charles Prince of Wales, Duke of Cornewall and of Yorke, and Earle of Chester, That whereas your said Suppliant is seized of the said Dukedome of Cornewall and the Possessions thereof, of a State of Inheritance under a speciall forme of Limitacion, differing from the ordinary Rules of Inheriunce at the C5mon Lawe, whereuppon some Questions doe growe whether Leases made by your said Suppliant of any Manners Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf parcell of the said Duchie, or annexed to the same, should be good and effectual! in lawe longer then your Suppliantf life: For avoyding of which doubt, and to the end such psons as have taken or shall take Leases from your Suppliant may be sure to have good Estates and soe be incouraged to bestowe Charges in the building and maynteyning of their Houses and good manuring of the Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf so demised or to be demised to them; May it please your most excellent Majestie that it may be ordayned and enacted by your Majestie the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled, And bee it ordained established and enacted by Authoritie of this p*sent Parliament, That all Leases made or to be made by your said Suppliant of any Mannors Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf parcell of the Possessions of the said Duchie of Cornewall or annexed to the same, shalbe good and effectuall in Lawe according to the purport and content of the said Leases against your Majestie your Heires and Successors and against your said Suppliant and his Heires and against all and every pson and psons that shall inherite or succeed according to the said lymittacion or otherwise.

PnoviDED alwaies, That every such Lease soe made or to be made of any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf in possession, be or shalbe made by Deede indented and but for three Lives or fewer, or for one and thirtie yeeres or under, or some other tearme of yeares determinable uppon one two or three Lives, and not above ; And if such Leases be made in Rcvercion, that then the same, together with the Estates in possession, doe not exceed three lives or the term of one and thirtie yeeres, and not in any wise dispunishable of Wast, and soe as uppon every such Lease be or shalbe reserved the auncient or most usuall Rent or such Rent as hath bin yeelded or paid for the greater part of twentie yeeres next before the making of the said Leases, and was or shalbe reserved due and payable by or to him or her that had or shall have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf; And where no such Rent hath byn reserved or payable, that then uppon every such Lease there be or shalbe reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the twentith part of the cleere yeerelie value of the Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf contayned in such Lease.

III.

A11 Covenant! in such Leases declared valid azainst the Reversioner, &c.

And be it further ordayned and enacted by Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That all Coven*ntf CondicSns and Reservacions and other Agreementf contayned in every such Lease soe made or to be made as aforesaid, shalbe good and effectuall in Lawe according to the Words and Contents of the same, aswell for and against them to whome the Reversion of the same Mannors Landes Tenementf or Hereditamentf shall come, as for and against them to whome the said Leases shall come respectivelie, as if your Suppliant at the tyme of the making of such Coven*ntf Condicions and Reservacions and other Agreementf had been seised of an absolute Estate in Fee Simple in the same Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf.

IV.

General Saving for Title! of Strangen.

Saving alwaies to all and every pson and psons Bodies Pollitique and Corporate their Heires and Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes (other then your Majestie your Heires and Successors, and other then your Suppliant and his Heires, and all and every pson and psons that shall inheritt or succeed according to the said limitacion or otherwise), all such Rights Titles Estates Customes Interests Termes Claimes and Demaundf whatsoever, of what kinde nature or qualitie whatsoever of in to or out of the said Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this Act to all Intentf and Purposes and in as large and ample manner and forme as if this Acte had never been had or made; This Act or any thing therein contayned to the contrary notwithstanding.


jU).\623-4.

21° JaC. I. c. 30.

124 J

CHAPTER XXX.

An Actb for the assuring of a Messuag called Yorke Howse & other Tefitf to the Kinge, and for other Lands to the Archbysshopp of Yorke in Ieiwe thereof.

WHEREAS the Kings most excellent Majestie is seised in Fee Simple in Right of his Crowne of England, of Agreement

and in the Mannors or Lordshipps of Brighton, with Landes in Melborne Acombe alias Acorn and Holgate MdArehbUh^'ot and all the Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf in Acombe Holgate Clifton Skelton Wiggington Bowtham Acombe York, to excJunge and Holgate reputed parcell of the said Mannor or demised with the same, and of the Mannor of Santon, and the BriehtonTsanton, Mannor or Grange of Beckhay, scituate and being in the Countie of Yorke or in the Countie of the City of Yorke, ®ey^j1£c' with the Rights Members and Appurten*nces thereof, which as the same are in Charge before the Auditors of his belonging to Majesties Revenue are of the yeerelie value of One hundred and sortie Pounds or thereaboutf: And whereas the york7hu’J0&c most Reverend Father in God Toby Lord Archbisshopp of Yorke, is seised in Fee Simple in Right of his said in St. Martini* Archbishoppricke of and in all that Mansion House or Messuage comonlie called and knowen by the Name of Yorke J^ionring'to the Place or Yorke House, and of divers other Messuages and Tenementf with the Appurten*nces scituate and being within Archbithoprick. the Parishe of S' Martins in the Feildf in the Countie of Middlesex: And whereas an Agreement hath been latelie made betweene his Majestie and the said Lord Archbishopp, tha this Majestie his Heires Successors and Assignes should have and enjoye the said Mansion House or Messuage called Yorke Place or Yorke House and the said Messuages and Tenementf and all Barnes Stables Buildings Courts Yards Gardens Orchardf Wayes Passages Watercourses Easementf and Comodities to them or any of them belonging or appertayning, or with them or any of them occupied or enjoyed by the Right Honorable Thomas Viscount Brackley Lord Ellesmere deceased, late Lord Chauncellor of England,

Francis Viscount S' Albans, late also Lord Chauncellor of England, or any other pson or psons whatsoever, as Part or Parcell of the Possessions of the said Archbishopp, and all the Franchises Liberties Priviledges Jurisdictions Quittances and Imunities of the said Archbishopp or to the said Archbishopp or his Church or See appertayning in the p*misses, being happening or growing or therein or therewith to be had or used; And that the said Lord Archbishopp and his Successors should have and enjoy the said Mannors or Lordshipps of Brighton with Lands in Melborne, the Mannor of Acombe ats Acorn and Holgate, and all the Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf in Acombe Holgate Clifton Skelton Wiggington Bowtham Acombe and Holgate reputed Parcell of the said Mannor or demised with the same, the Mannor of Santon and Lands in Eastropp ats Easthrop Hotham and Cave, reputed Parcell of the Mannor or demised with the same as Parcell thereof, and the Mannor or Grange of Beckhay, with all the Rights Members and Appurten*nces thereof, and all the Messuages Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf thereunto belonging or appteyning or thereof now or heretofore reputed as Part or Parcell or therewith used or occupied as Parcell thereof:

Now Forasmuch as the said Mannors or Lordshipps of Brighton Santon Acombe ats Acorn with Holgate, and the

Mannor of Grange called Beckhay and phnisses agreed to be assured to the said Archbishopp and his Successors,

wilbe more profiittable and cdmodious unto the said Archbishopp and his Successors then the said Mansion House

Messuages and Tenementf thereunto neere adjoyning and phnisses agreed to be assured unto his Majestie were ever

like to be, for that in many yeares past the said Archbishopp or his Predecessors have not had the use of the said

Mansion House, and the other ^misses have yeilded to them very little Pffitt, and the said Mansion House is likelie

hereafter to be burthensome and a Charge to the said Archbishopp and his Successors, so as the effecting of the

Agreement aforesaid wilbe for the benefitt of the said Lord Archbishopp and his Successors, which his Majestie of his

Grace and Favour to the said Church and See is pleased to convey and assure uppon the same; Be it therefore

enacted by the Kings mostf excellent Majestie with the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the C5mons

in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by the Authoritie of the same. That his Majestie his Heires Successors and York Home, arc.

Assignes shall and may for ever hereafter have hold and quietlie enjoye against the said Archbishopp and his Successors all hi*UHeiri° 'suocm?’

the said Mansion House or Messuage called Yorke Place or Yorke House, and all other the Mesuages and Tenementf ton, and Auigni.

whereof the said Archbishopp is seised in Fee Simple in Right of his said Archbishopricke, scituate and being in the *ccordin&1Jr’

said Parish of S' Martins in the Feildf in the Countie of Midd, and all Barnes Stables Buildings Courts Yardes

Gardens Orchardf Wayes Passages Watercourses Easementf and Cdmodities to them or any of them belonging or

appertayning, or with them or any of them occupied or enjoyed by the said Right Honorable Thomas Viscount

Brackley Lord Ellesmere deceased, late Lord Chauncellor of England, Francis Viscount S' Alban, alsoe late Lord

Chauncellor of England, or any other pson or psons whatsoever, as Part or Parcell of the Possessions of the said

Archbishopp, and all the Franchesies Liberties Priviledges Jurisdictions Quittances and Imunities of the said Archbishopp

or to the said Archbishopp or his Church or See pertayning in the phnisses, being happening or growing or therein or

therewith to be had or used ; Any Statute in that behalfe made to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it likewise enacted by the Kings most excellent Majestie, with the Assent of the Lords Spirituall and The M»nor« of Temporall and the Comons in this p>sent Parliament assembled and by Authoritie of the same. That the said Toby fnr<JgBc°^h®in^on’ Lord Archbishop of Yorke and his Successors shall and may for ever hereafter have hold and quietlie enjoye as his a»«ured to tie C and their lawfull and pper Inheritance in Right of the said Archbishoprick and to the said Archbishoprick annexed, y^£b"^°P.°f all the said Mannors or Lordshipps of Brighton with Lands in Melborne, the Mannor of Acombe alias Acom and Successor», to be Holgate, and all the Lands Tenementf and Hereditamentf in Acombe Holgate Clifton Skelton Wiggington Bowtham il°Frankalmo?gn*n Acombe and Holgate reputed Parcell of the said Mannor or demised with the same, the Mannor of Santon and Lands in Eastrop als Easthropp Hotham and Cave reputed Parcell of the same Mannor or demised with the same as Parcell


14 N

Go o

Original from PENN STATE

1242

21° Jac. I. c. 30, 31.

-4. Z). 1623-4-

m.

Lease* made by Archbishop shall be only for Eleven Year* in Possession.

IV.

Saving for Title* of Strangers in the said Manors of the Crown.

V.

Saving for Title* of Strangers in York House, 8tc.

VI.

Archbishoprick shall not be charged with additional First Fruit* for the said Manors.

thereof, and the Mannor or Grange of Beckhay, with the Rights Members and Appurten*nces thereof, and all the Messuages Land? Tenementf and Hereditament? thereunto belonginge or appertayning or thereof now or heretofore reputed as Part or Parcell or therewith used occupied or enjoyed as Part Member or Parcell thereof to be holden of his Majestie his Heires and Successors in Francke Almoigne.

And for further accomplishment of his Majesties good desires to provide for the good of the Successors of the said Archbishopp and of the said Church, and by the willing assent of the said Archbishop, Be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid. That neither the said Archbishop nor any of his Successors for the tyme being shalbe able at any tyme to make Leases other then in possession, nor for above the terme of eleven yeares from the beginning of such Lease or Leases to any Ten*nt or other pson whatsoever of the said Mannors or Lordshipps of Brighton Santon Acombe alias Acorn with Holgate, and the Mannor or Grange called Beckhaye or other pmisses assured to the said Archbishop or of any part or parcell thereof.

Savino to all and every pson and psons Bodies Polirique and Corporate, their Heires Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes, other then his most Excellent Majesde his Heires and Successors, and other then all the Heires of the Body of the Right Honorable Mathew Earle of Lenox and the Lady Margarett Countesse of Lenox his Wife deceased, and other then the Heires of Edward late Duke of Somersett, and the Heires of Sir James Strangways Knight, all such Right Title Estate Interest Entry and Demaund of in and to the said Mannors or Lordshipps of Brighton Santon Acombe alias Acorn with Holgate, and the Mannor or Grange called Beckhaye, with the Appurten*nces and other the ^misses assured to the said Archbishop and his Successors by this Act, or any part thereof as hee or they or any of them should or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had never byn had or made; Any thing herein conteyned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Saving also to all and every pson and psons Bodies Pollitique and Corporate their Heires Successors Executors Administrators and Assignes, other then the said Toby Lord Archbishop of Yorke and his Successors, all such Right Title Estate Interest Entry and Demaund of in and to the said Mansion House Messuage and pmisses assured to his Majestie his Heires and Successors by this Acte or any parte thereof, as he or they or any of them should or might have had and enjoyed if this Acte had never byn had or made; Any thing herein contayned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alsoe, That by occasion of the said Mannors or Lordshipps of Brighton Santon Acombe alias Acorn with Holgate, and the Mannor or Grange called Beckhaie and p>misses assured to the said Archbishopp, the said Archbishop or his Successors shall not be more charged with payment of the First Fruit? Subsidies or Tenths, then the said Archbishop ought to be charged withall before the making of this Act.

VII. During the Vacancy of the Archbishoprick the Dean and Chapter shall enjoy the said Manors.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid, That in the tyme of the Vacancy of the said Archbishopp the Deane and Chapter of the Cathedrall and Metropoliticall Church of S* Peter of Yorke and their Successors, shall and may have and enjoye the said Mannors or Lordshipps of Brighton Santon Acombe alias Acorn with Holgate, and the Mannor or Grange called Beckhay, and all the Messuages Land? Tenement? and Hereditament? before by this Act assured to the said Archbishopp and his Successors, and all the Rent? Issues and Pffitt? of the same to their owne use during the tyme of the said Vacancie, and shall not at any tyme during the said Vacande, clayme challenge have or enjoye the said Mansion House or Messuage called Yorke Place or Yorke House, nor any of the Messuages Land? Tenement? or Hereditament? before by this Act assured to the King? Majestie his Heires and Successors, or any part thereof, nor any of the Rent? Issues or Pffitt? of the same.

CHAPTER XXXI.

An Acte for the good Order and Goverment of the Makers of Knyves and other Cutlery Wares.

Inhabitants of the Lordship of Hallamshire in Yorkshire chiefly Cutlers;

Their Trade intruded on by irregular Workmen, &c. without Controul.

WHEREAS the greatest part of the Inhabitant? of the Lordshipp and Libertie of Hallamshire in the said Countie of Yorke doe consist of Cutlers and those that make Knives and other Cutlery Wares, and other Wares made and wrought of Iron and Steele, as Sickles Scissors and Sheeres, and by their Industrie and Labour in the same Art and Trades have not onelie gayned the reputacion of great Skill and Dexteririe in the said Faculty, but have releived and maynteyned their Families, and have been enabled to sett on worke many poore Men inhabiting thereabout? who have very small Meanes or Maynten*nce of Living other then by their hard and dailie Labour as Workemen to the said Cutlers, and have made Knives of the best Edge wherewith they served the most part of this Kingdome and other forreine Countreys, untill now of late that divers psons using the same pfessions in and about the same Lordshipp and libertie, and within sixe Miles compasse of the same, not being subject to any Rule Governement or Search of any others of Skyll in those Manufactures, have refused to submitt themselves to any Order Ordinance or Search ; but every Workeman in the said Lordshipp and Libertie, and within eight Miles compasse thereof, have taken libertie to themselves to receive entertayne and take as many Apprentices, and for what terme of yeeres, more

Go

A.D. 162SA.

21° Jac. I. c. 31.

1243

or lesse, as he himselfe thinketh fitt, whereby and by the multitude of Workemen the whole Trade and the exact Skill formerlie excised therein is like in a short tyme to be overthrowen, By meanes of which want of Govemement Order and Search, the same Workemen holding themselves free and exempt from all Search and Correccion are thereby emboldened and doe make much deceiptfull and unworkemanly Wares, and soe sell and putt the same to sale in divers parts of this Kingdome, to the great Deceipt of his Majesties Subjects and scandall of the Cutlers in that Lordshippe and Libertie, and Disgrace and Hinderance of the sale of Cutlery and Yron and Steele Wares there made, and to the great impoverishing ruine and overthrow of Multitudes of poore People, Which Offenders not being subject under any Oversight Survey or Authoritie, doe passe unpunished for their Offences Abuses and Misdemeanors;

Fob Redresse whereof, and for the bettei releife comfort order and Governement of the said psons and of the said Arts Company of Cutler*

Handicraftf and Manufactures, May it please your most Excellent Majestie that it may be enacted by your Majestie fncorporatedT

the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this p'sent Parliament assembled, and be it enacted by the

Authoritie of the same. That all psons using to make Knives Blades Scisser Sheeres Sickles Cutlery Wares and all

other Wares and Manufactures made or wrought of Iron and Steele, dwelling or inhabiting within the said Lordship

and Libertie of Hallamshire, or within sixe Miles compasse of the same, be from henceforth and hereafter may be in

deed and in name, one Bodie Pollitique ppetuall and incorporate of One Master Two Wardens Sixe Searchers and

Foure and twentie Assistantf and Cominaltie of the said Company of Cutlers of the Lordship of Hallamshire in the

Countie of Yorke; And that they by the Name of Master Wardens Searchers Assistantf and Cominaltie of the

Company of Cutlers of Hallamshire in the said Countie of Yorke, may be and by vertue of theise p'sentf be really

actually and fully incorporated created made and erected one Body Corporate and Pollitique to all Intentf and

Purposes, and have ppetuall Succession, and be called and knowne by the Name of Master Wardens Searchers

Assistantf and Cominaltie of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire in the Countie of Yorke: And further, that it One Muter,

may be for ever hereafter lawfull to the said Master Wardens Searchers and Assistantf in and uppon the Feast day

of S' Bartholomew the Apostle in every yeere, yeerelie or at any other convenient tyme in the yeere, to nominate elect and 14 Assistants

choose and sweare one Master two Wardens sixe Searchers and foure and twentie Assistantf to be chosen out of the to *cho,en jr"rljr‘

said Company, to order rule and goveme the said Corporation and Company of Cutlers during the terme of one

whole yeare then next ensuing, and untill there shalbe other chosen in their Roumes.

And be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That Robert Sersby an Inhabitant within Hallamshire ^ ^Master, aforesaid, be the first Master of the said Company of Cutlers, and that hee the said Robert Sersby may contynue in Warden^Searchen, the said Office of Master untill the foresaid tyme of the Feast of S' Bartholomew the Apostle next coming after the end of this Session of Parliament, and for one whole yeare then next ensuing, and so to contynue untill some other of the Company aforesaid be chosen and swome into the said Office of Master, (if the said Robert Sersby shall so long live) and that Godfrey Burley and John Rawson be by the authoritie of this Act, the first Wardens of the said Corporadon or Company of Cutlers, and that they may remayne in the said Office of Wardens from the end of this Session of Parliament untill the aforesaid Feast of S' Bartholomew the Apostle then next following, and for one whole yeere then next ensuing, and so to continue untill two others of the Company aforesaid be chosen and swome into the said Office of Wardens according to the Ordinances and Provisoes hereafter expressed and pvided; And likewise that William Warter William Creswicke Thomas Phillipott Robert Wilkinson of Hills John Bungworth and John Webster, be by the Authoritie of this Act the first Searchers of the said Corporadon or Company of Cutlers, and that they may remayne in the said Office of Searchers from the end of this Session of Parliam', untill the aforesaid Feast of S' Bartholomew the Apostle then next following, and for one whole yeere then next ensuing, and untill some others of the Company aforesaid be chosen and swome in the said Office; And likewise that William Webster Thomas Creswicke senior George Smedley James Creswicke Robert Stacy Edward Creswicke Thomas Wright senior Henry Dyson George Wilkinson Lawrence Person senior George Bamesley Edmond Swift Robert Carr Robert Bamesley William Wylde Richard Jackson Lawrence [Person1 ] junior Thomas Smith Thomas Croftf Thomas Milward George Dam Thomas Pearson Thomas Parkin and Thomas Haworth, be the first foure and twentie Assistantf of the said Corporadon, and that they may remaine and abide in the said Office of Assistantf from the end of this Session of Parliament untill the [aforesaid1 ] Feast day of S1 Bartholomew the Apostle then next coming, and so to contynue untill some other of the Company aforesaid bee admitted and swome into the said Office of Assistantf in thdr Roomes according to the Ordinances herein expressed and spedfied.

And further be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That whensoever it shall happen any of the aforesaid Master Wardens Searchers or Assistantf for the tyme bdng doe die or be removed from thdr place which shalbe removeable at the discredon of the greater part of the said Company of Master Wardens Searchers and Assistantf, that then and so often it may be lawfull to the residue of the said Company, or to the greater part of them, within the space of one Moneth after such Avoydance, one other or more of the Corporadon aforesaid into the place or places of him or them so dying or being removed, to choose nominate and appoint, and this so often to doe as the cause shall require, or as the greater part of the said Company shall thinke fitt or convenient.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That every Master of the said Company which shalbe elected and chosen Master, shall take his Oath before the Wardens and Searchers of the said Company for the tyme being or any two of them, and the Assistantf of the said Company or the greater part of them, for the true and faithfull

1 Pearson 0. * foresaid 0.

III.

How Vacancies may be supplied on Death or Removal of Muter, Wardens, &c.

IV.

How Master, Wardens, Searchers, and Assistants shall be sworn into Office.


1244

21° Jac. I. c. 31.

A.D. 162SA.

v.

Master, Wardens, Searchers, and Assistants empowered to make Bye-Laws for regulating the Trade of Cutlers, and to impose Fines, &c. for Breach thereof.

executing of that Place; And the Wardens of the said Company to be from tyme to tyme elected according to this Acte, be swome before the Masters Searchers and Assistantf of the said Company for the tyme being or the greater part of them, for the due execucion of their said Places, who are by vertue of this Acte authorised to minister the said Oath; And the Searchers of the said Company for the tyme being to be elected according to this Act, to be sworne before the Master Wardens and Assistantf of the said Company for the tyme being or the greater part of them, for the due execucion of their said Places; And the Assistantf to be from tyme to tyme chosen according to this Acte, shall take their Oathes before the Master Wardens and Searchers of the said Company for the tyme being or two of them, for the faithfull execucion of their said Places, before that they or any of them shall p*sume to take uppon them to execute the same Places.

And for the due ordering and better maintening of the said Company, and for the better releiving and imploying of the Poore of the saide Trade, Be it ordayned and enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfull to and for the said Master Wardens Searchers and Assistantf of the Company of Cutlers aforesaid or the greater part of them, and their Successors, from tyme to tyme to constitute ordayne make and establish such Lawes Acts Orders Ordinances and Constitucions which to the said Master Wardens Searchers and Assistantf or the greater part of them according to their discrecions shalbe good wholesome pffittable honest and necessary for the good Order Rule and Govemement of the said Master Wardens Searchers and Cominaltie in their severall Arts aforesaid, and of all other their Apprentices and Servantf in the same Arts Manufactures and Sessions aforesaid, so that the said Ordinances and Constitucions be not any way repugnant and contrary to his Majesties Royall Prerogative, or to the Lawes of this Realme; And that the said Master Wardens Searchers and Assistantf of Cutlers aforesaid or the greater part of them having made such Lawes Instituf&ns Ordinances and Constitucions may appoint and impose such reasonable Paines Punishmentf and Penalties by Fine or Aniciamentf or by either of them, uppon all those which they shall finde offending contrary to those Lawes Actes Orders Ordinances and Constitucions as unto them the said Master Wardens Searchers and Assistantf of Cutlers or the greater part of them shalbe thought meete and convenient according to the qualitie of the Offence, and the same Fines and AiSciamentf to levie receive and have to the use of the said Corporacion to and for the Releife and benefite of the Poore of the said Corporacion.

VI.

Regulations for And be it further enacted by the Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That no pson or psons whatsoever using or

taking Apprentices. exercising the Occupacion of a Cutler Scissorsmith Shearsmith or Sicklesmith within the said lordshipp or liberrie of Hallamshire or within Six Miles Compasse of the same, shall have retayne or keepe in his or their service at one tyme any more then one Apprentice besides his owne Sonne or Sonnes which hath not served as an Apprentice of the said Trade by the space of Five whole yeares at the least; and after the said Five yeares it shall and may be lawfull to and for them or any of them to take and receive another Apprentice; Nor shall take any Apprentice for any lesser or shorter tyme or space then seven yeares at the least; Nor shall take any Apprentice whose tyme of Apprenticeshipp shall come out before the said Apprentice be One and twentie yeeres old at the least; Nor shall take any more or other Apprentice in case he fortune to bargaine sell or assigne over to any other man any Apprentice, which he hath taken, till such tyme as that Apprentice shall have fully served sixe yeeres ; Nor shall take any Apprentice at all, except he himselfe hath byn an Apprentice by the space of seaven yeeres at the least at the same Trade, or else have bene so long taught and instructed therein by his Father, and be the Owner of the Worke himselfe, and of full Age of One and twentie yeeres, uppon paine to forfeit and lose for every month that he shall keepe or reteyne any Apprentice contrary to the forme aforesaid, the some of Fortie Shillingf of lawfull Mony of England to the Master Wardens Searchers and Cominaltie of the said Companie for the tyme being, to be levied and imployed and distributed as aforesaid.

p . FII.^ ^ Provided alwaies, That this Article or Ordinance or any thing herein conteyned shall not extend to barre hinder Apprentice*. or punish any Cutler or Knifemaker for or from reteyning and keeping in his service all such Apprentices as were

by him by the space of sixe monethes at the least before the first day of this Parliament taken for seven yeeres or above; Nor for hiring taking or keeping any Apprentice whose Master dwelling within the said Liberrie or sixe miles thereof, shall fortune to die before the said Apprentice hath served out seven yeeres; Any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

. , _V.UI*. ., And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That no pson or psons using the said Arts or Handicraftf All Knives, oic lues, J . _ r . ,

fcc. shall have Steel or any of them within the said Libertie of Hallamshire or sixe miles Compasse of the same as aforesaid shall at any

m their Edge*. tyme hereafter make or cause to be made any Knives or Knifeblade Sheeres Scissors or Sickles except he or they do

put Steele into the Edges of them, uppon paine to lose for every such Offence Ten Shillingf, and the Wares so

deceiptfully made to be seised and recovered by the Master and Wardens of the said Company for the tyme being,

and to be levied distributed and imployed as aforesaid.

IX.

Cutler* shall only put one pretcribed Mark on hit Ware*.

And also be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That no pson using the said Mistery or Crafts or any of them within the said Lordshipp or Libertie or sixe miles Compasse thereof, shall at any tyme hereafter strike grave or use upon his Knives or the Wares before mencioned, any more markes then one, and that to be such as shalbe first appointed or assigned unto him by the said Master Wardens and Searchers of the said Company for the tyme being or the greater number of them, uppon paine to forfeit and lose for every tyme that he shall offend


Original from PENN STATE

A.D. 16MA.

21° Jac. I. c. 31, 32.

1245

therein contrary to the true meaning of this Article or any Branch or Clause of the same, all such Goodes not so marked, and the some of Fortie Shillingf to the Master and Wardens of the said Company for the tyme being, to be imployed as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That all Paines Penalties Fines somes of Money and Forfeitures to be forfeited by vertue of this Act shalbe sued for and recovered in any of his Majesties Courts at Westminster, or in any other Court of Record in the Counties ofYorke or Derby, wherein no Essoine Pteccion or Wager of Lawe shalbe allowed for the Defendant.

CHAPTER XXXII.

An Actb for the making of the Ryver of Thames navygable from Byrcott to Oxford.

TWHEREAS the cleering and effecting of a Passage for Barges Boates and Lighters by the River of Thames to v T the Universitie and Citie of Oxon, wilbe very convenient for Conveyance of Freestone comonly called Oxford Stone or Heddington Stone, from Bullington Quarre neere the said Cittie and River of Thames, by the said Passage to the Citie of London and other Parts, and most pfittable and necessary to and for the said Universitie and Cide of Oxon, for conveyance thereby of Coales Fewell and other Necessaries, to the said Universide and Cide, whereof there is now very great scarcide and want, and farre greater hereafter like to grow if some helpe therefore be not made and provided ; And also the said Passage wilbe very behoofefull for pserving of the Highwaies leading to and from the said Universitie and City, and other Parts thereaboutf, which now by contynuall Carriages by Carts are so wome and broken that in Winter season they are for Travellers dangerous, and hardlie to be amended and contynued passable without exceeding Charge: And whereas the said River of Thames for many Miles beyond the said Citie of Oxford Westward, is already navigable and passable for Boats of good Burthens and Contents, and likewise is alreadie navigable for Barges from London to the Village of Bercott in the Countie of Oxford, being within sixe or seven myles of the City of Oxford, whither and from whence, by the Carriage of Stone Iron and other ^vision by Carts, the Highwayes are spoyled as aforesaid : And whereas the said River may easily be made passable and navigable for Barges Boats or Lighters betweene the aforesaid UniPsitie and City of Oxford and the Village of Bercott aforesaid, by removing some Lettf and Impedimentf, by which meanes the said Universitie and Cide of Oxford shalbe greatlie releived and helped : Be it therefore ordayned and enacted by the Kings Majesrie the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled and by the authoritie of the same, That the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keep of the Great Seale of England for the tyme being at any time after the end of this psent Session of Parliament, shall and may at the request of the Chauncellor of the said Universide, or his Vicechauncellor for the tyme being, appoint and authorize by Comission under the Great Seal of England, Eight Cdmissioners, whereof foure to be of or for the Universitie aforesaid, to be chosen by the said Chauncellor of the said Universitie, or his Vicechauncellor for the tyme being, and by them or either of them to be nominated and certified to the aforesaid Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keep of the Great Seale of England, and foure to be of or for the Citie of Oxoii, to be chosen and nominated by the Mayor Bayliffes and Comonaltie of the said Cide of Oxford for the tyme being, and to be certified by them as aforesaid; which said Comissioners or the more part of them shall have full power to dense scowre open and make navigable the said River of Thames from the said Citie of Oxon to the Village of Bercott aforesaid, and for that purpose to digge the Banckes of the said River or other Ground Ditch Brooke or Streame neere thereunto adjoyning, and doe cutt away all Trees and Rootes of Trees that may be hurtfull or hinderance to the said Passage, and to open ppare or make all Weares and Lockes or Tumepickes fitt for the said Passage, and to remove any thing that shalbe any Impediment or Stopp to the cleering and making of the said Passage; and likewise to cutt scowre or open any other Streame or Watercourse that shalbe most convenient for making the said Passage or River navigable; and likewise to make and erect any Wharfes Lockes or Turnepickes or Pennes for Water in or neere the said River or Passage that shalbe fitt or necessarie for the same, and to bring lay and worke all Materiallf requisite for the making erecting and repayring of the said Locks or Tumepickf uppon the Banckf or Ground neere the said River or Passage.

And for that the doing of the things aforesaid may be {^judicial to the Inheritance and Profitt of divers psons Bodies Pollitique or Corporate that have Land adjoining to the said River or Passage, Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That the Comissioners aforesaid or the more part of them, before they doe meddle with the Lands Inheritance or Possession of any pson or psons Bodies Pollitique or Corporate, shall first agree with such psons or Bodie Pollitique or Corporate for the Loss and Damage that any of them, shall any way receive by the making of the said Passage or any thing concerning the same; and if the said Comissioners or the more part of them, and the Partie or Parties Owner of such Lands Inheritance or Possessions cannott agree touching the value thereof. That then the three next Justices of Peace of the Countie where the Land doth lie, being no Parties, nor dwelling within the Universitie or City of Oxon, nor interested b the Soyle dwellbg neerest to the said Land or Inheritance, or in their default the Justices of Assize of the said Countie of OxoH shall determyne appoint and sett downe what and how much satisfaction every such pson or psons Body Pollitique or Corporate shall have for or b respect of the said Losses soe by him or them to be sustayned; And the said Price or Value so set down by them shall binde all Parties ; which Agreement or Order so made shalbe set downe b Writing under the Hands and Seales of the said Cdmissioners and Parties uppon the Agreement betweene them made, or of the said Justices of Peace or Justices of Assize of the said


14 O

X.

Recovery of Penalties.

Advantage! of rendering the Thames navigable from London to Oxford;

8 Commissioners from the University, and from the City, of Oxford, to be appointed under the Great Seal, authorised to complete the Navigation from Oxford to Bercott.

II.

Compensation to Owners of Lands required for Purposes of this Act.


1246

21° Jac. I. c. 32.

A.D. 162&A.

Countie which shall set downe the said Price for satisfaction within Three Moneths after the first resort unto them for that Cause, according to this Acte; and the same to be kept amongest the Evidences of the said Universitie, and to be registred in the Lieger Booke of the said Universitie, and to be enrolled in Court of the said Citty of Oxford ; And that then uppon payment of such some or somes of Mony so agreed uppon or ordered as aforesaid, or Tender thereof made, with purpose to pay the same, it shall then be lawful to and for the said Comissioners or more part of them to digge and make or cause to be digged or made the said Lockes, Wharfes, Passage or doe any such other Act for which any such Agreement or Order shalbe made as aforesaid.

HI. Inhabitants of Oxford may be taxed for Purposes of this Act.

And for that the said Passage cannott be effected and maynteyned without great Charge, and that the principall Benefitt thereof will redound ymediately to the Universitie and Citie of Oxford aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That the said Comissioners or the more part of them by this fPsent Acte shall have full Power and Authoritie to taxe and assesse the Inhabitantf within the said Universitie or Citie of Oxon, or within either of them and Suburbs thereof, and Bodies Pollitique and Corporate within the same, at such reasonable s5mes and Payraentf for the purposes aforesaid as they in their discretions shall thinke meete; the said s5mes and every of them to be disposed and imployed for and towards the bearing of the Charge of the making and maintaining of the said Passage.

IV.

How Regulation*

for the Use of the Navigation shall be made by the Commissioners, Sic.

And Whereas the said University and City are the Pcurers of the said Passage, Be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That the Comissioners aforesaid, or the more part of them, by vertue of this Acte shall have Power and Authoritie from tyme to tyme, with the Consent of the Vice Chauncellor of the said Universitie, and Mayor of the City of Oxford for the tyme being to ordeine and make Orders and Constitutions for the good and orderlie usage of the said Passage and for all Locks Wears or Turnepickf thereof to be made and maynteined at the Charge of the University and City of Oxon aforesaid; and for all Boates Boatemen Passengers Wharfes Carriages and Rates for Carriages by or through the said Passage and all things concerning the same, and to set lay and execute such reasonable Paines and Punishmentf uppon the breakers thereof as they shall thinke fitt; neverthelesse the Justices of Assize of the said Countie of Oxford for the tyme being, uppon complaint made to them by any person greived with the said Taxacions Assessementf Charges Orders Constitutions Paynes and Punishmentf or any of them shall and may abridge moderate or reform the same as they shall finde just Cause.

V.

Supplying Vacancies of Commissioners.

Appointing Collectors of Rates.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That when any of the said Comissioners shall happen to die, or become unfitt for the Service, that then and so often it shall and may be lawfull to and for the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale of England for the tyme being from tyme to tyme to supply appoint and authorize one Comissioner or so many Cdmissioners to be nominated chosen and certified as aforesaid out of and for the said Universitie, or City respectivelie, as shall make and fill up the full number of eight Comissioners; And that the Comissioners aforesaid, or the more part of them, by the Authoritie of this Act, shall have full power to choose nominate and appoint one or more such Pson or Psons as they shall thinke fitt to collect gather and lay out the said several Somes, and the Pson or Psons soe appointed shall gather and take upp the said Somes assessed by Distresse and Sale of Goods of every Pson refusing to pay the Tax or Assessement imposed upon him, restoring to the Pson whose Goods shall be so distreyned the Overplus (if any be) of the Price thereof being sold.

Watermen'may use And for that the said Passage from Bercott aforesaid to the said City of Oxford is against the Streame, the Barges Paths for Towing, Boates Lighters or other Vessellf must of Necessitie in some places and at some tymes be haled up by the strength

of Men Horses Winches Engins or other meanes in that behalfe convenient: Bee itt therefore enacted by the

authority of this present Act, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Watermen Boatemen Bargemen and other strength of Men and Horses, or places, to have and use Winches Ropes and other Engins, and with the same by

Helpers of them, in convenient either of them, going up the Land or Bankes nere the said River or Passage,

through the said Passage without the Hinderance Trouble or Impeachment of any pson or psons, to draw or hale upp the Barges Boates Lighters or other Vessellf doing none other harme than onlie by going or treading uppon the said Land or Banckes nere adjoyning as aforesaid.

VII. Commissioners for rating University and City of Oxford.

Provided alwaies, That no priviledged pson of the Universitie of Oxford shall be taxed as aforesaid, without the consent of two or more of the Comissioners of or for the said Universitie, nor any Freeman inhabiting of or in the said Citie or the Suburbs or Liberties thereof shall be taxed as aforesaid, without the consent of two or more of the Comissioners of or for the said City.

River Thame* shall Phovided also, That this Act nor any thing therein conteyned shall give power and authoritie to the said not be diverted. Comissioners, or inable them to doe any Act or Thing whereby the said River of Thames shalbe diverted or turned out of his auntient Course or Channell wherein the same now runneth, or to draw more Water thence than shall convenientlie serve for the said Passage.

St. 3 Jac. I. c. so. And be it further enacted by the Authoritie of this fPsent Parliament, That one Acte of Parliament made in the repealed. third yeere of the Kinges Majesties Reign, the twentith Chapter, intituled An Acte for cleering the Passage by Water

from London to and beyond the City of OxoH, shalbe from henceforth utterlie repealed and of none effect.


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 33.

1247

CHAPTER XXXIII.

An Act for payment of Three Subsidies and Three Fyftenes by the Temporahy.

MOST Gracious SoPaigne, Wee your Majesties most humble faithfoll and loving Subjects, by your Royall Authoritie now assembled in your High Court of Parliament, having entred into serious and due Consideration of the waighde and most important Causes which at this tyme more then at any other tyme heretofore doe presse your Majesde to a much greater Expence and Charge then your owne Treasure alone can at this p*sent support and mayntaine, and likewise of the Injuries and Indigniues which have byn latelie oflFred to your Majesde and your Children, under colour and during the tyme of the Treades for the Marriage with Spayne and the Resdtucion of the Palatinate, which in this Parliament have byn clearlie discovered and layed' open unto Us; And withall what humble Advice with one consent and voyce Wee have given unto your Majesde to dissolve those Treaties, which your Majesde hath byn graciouslie pleased to our exceeding Joy and Comfort fully to yeild unto, and accordingly have made your publique Declaracion for the reall and utter Dissolucion of them ; By meanes whereof your Majestie may happilie be ingaged in a sudden Warre: Wee in all humblenes most readie and willing to give unto your Majesde and the whole World an ample Testimonie of our dudfull Affeccions and sincere Intentions to assist you therein, for the mainten'nce of that Warre that may hereuppon ensue, and more pardeularlie for the defence of this your Realme of England, the securing of your Kingdome of Ireland, the Assistance of your Neighbours the States of the United Provinces and other your Majesties Freindf and Allies, and for the setting forth of your Royall Navie, Wee have resolved to give for the psent the greatest Ayde which ever was graunted in Parliament, to be levied in so short a tyme; And therefore Wee doe humblie beseech your Majestie that it may be declared and enacted, and be it declared by the authoride of this psent Parliament, That the said two Treades are by your Majesde utterlie dissolved; And for the mainten*nce of the Warre which may ensue thereuppon, and for the causes aforesaid, Be it enacted that Three whole Fifteenes and Tenths shalbe payed taken and levied of the moveable Goods Chattellf and other Things usuall to such Fifteenes and Tenths to be contributary and chargeable within the Shires Citties Boroughes Townes and other Places of this your Majesties Realme, in manner 8c forme aforetyme used; Except the s5me of Eighteene thousand Pounds thereof folly to be deducted (that is to saie) Six thousand Pounds of every of the said whole Fifteenes and Tenths, in Releife Comfort and Discharge of the poore Townes Citties and Boroughs of this your said Realme wasted desolate or destroyed, or over greatlie impoverished, after such Rate as was and hath before this tyme byn had and made to every Shire, and to be devided in such manner and forme as heretofore for one whole Fifteene and Tenth, hath byn had and divided: And the same Three Fifteenes and Tenths (the Excepcion and Deduccion aforesaid thereuppon had deducted and allowed) to be paid in manner and forme following, that is to saie, the whole intire Payment of the first of the said Three whole Fifteenes and Tenths (except before excepted) to be paid unto the Hands of Sir Thomas Middleton Knight and Alderman of London, Sir Edward Barkham Knight and Alderman of London, Sir Paul Baning Knight and Baronett, Sir Richard Grubham Knight, James Cambell George Whitmore and Ralph Freeman Aldermen of London, and Martin Bond Citizen and Haberdasher of London, Treasurers, especially appointed in and by this Act to receive and issue the same, and the Survivors of them, on or before the tenth of July next coming ; And the second of the said Three whole Fifteenes and Tenths (except before excepted) to be paid to the said Treasurers at one intire payment, at or before the tenth day of Decembr now next coming ; and the third of the said Three whole Fifteenes and Tenths (except before excepted) to be paid to the said Treasurers at one intire payment, [att13 or before the tenth of May then next following.

And Be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That the Knightf elected and retorned of and for the Shires within this Realme for this psent Parliament, Citizens of Cities, Burgesses of Boroughs and Townes, where Collectors have bene used to be named and appointed for the Colleccion of any Fifteene and Tenth before this tyme graunted, shall name and appoint before the tenth day of June now next c5ming, sufficient and able p6ons to be Collectors for the Colleccion of the said Fifteene and Tenth, and alsoe shall likewise name and appoint before the tenth day of October now next ensuing other sufficient and able psons to be Collectors for the Colleccion of the said second Fifteene and Tenth, and alsoe shall name and appoint before the tenth day of March then next following, other sufficient and able psons to be Collectors for the Colleccion of the said third Fifteene and Tenth in every of the said Shires Cities Boroughs and Townes ; The said psons to be named 8c appointed to be Collectors for the Colleccion of the said first Fifteene and Tenth, and alsoe of the said second Fifteene and Tenth, and likewise of the said third Fifteene and Tenth, then having Lands Tents and other Hereditamentf in their owne Right, of any Estate of Inheritance, of the yearelie value of Fortie pounds, or in Goods worth Foure hundred pounds at the least, each of them, after such Rate and Value as he or they shalbe assessed and rated at in the Subsidie Booke, if any such be in the said Lymittf, and for want of such soe assessed, that those shalbe appointed Collectors that then shalbe rated and taxed in the Subsidie Booke in Lands or Goods neerest to the severall values aforesaid; And alsoe such pson and psons soe by them to be named and appointed for the Collecfftn of the sayd Three Fifteenes and Tenths, shalbe by them severallie appointed and allotted into Hundred f Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughs and Townes; And alsoe the said psons soe named and appointed for the Colleccion of the said severall Fifteenes and Tenths, shalbe severallie charged and chargeable, uppon his or their Accompt or Accomptf in the Exchequer to be made, with all such s5me or somes of Monie as the Hundreds Rapes Wapentakes Cities Boroughs and Townes where he or they shall soe happen to be appointed shall amount unto, and of no more some and somes; And uppon the payment of such somes of Mony as he or they shall be soe charged with, shalbe discharged and have his and their Quietus est; The

Motive! for Grant of Subsidies;

Dissolution of the Treaties, of Marriage with Spain, and for Reititution of the Palatinate;

and probable War in consequence thereof.

The greatest Aid ever granted payable so speedily.

Grant of Three whole Fifteenths and Tenths on Personalty, (deducting £6,000 out of each for Poor Towns), payable to certain Treasurers named, on 10th July and 10th Dec. 1614, and 10th May

i6i{.

II.

Collectors shall be appointed by the Members of this Parliament for the several Shires, Jtc.

Qualification of Collectors.

Such Collectors shall be allotted to several Divisions, and chargeable for the tame severally;

1 on 0.

(jCK »glC

1248

A.D. 1623-4,.

21°Jac. I. c. 33.

and their Name! certified into Chancery;

or in Default, »uch Collector* shall be appointed by the Lord Chancellor;

Their Allowance

Proceta against them.

III.

Such Collector* shall enter into Recognizance* for due Payment of the said Fifteenths, See.

IV.

Grant of Three entire Subsidies on Personalty j vis. Of Subjects, above £y as. 8d. per Pound, by one entire Payment on each of such Subsidies.

not accompting or non payment of any other his Fellowes, or the insufficiency of them or any of them notwithstanding; And the Names and Surnames of every of the said Collectors for the said first Fifteene and Tenth, together with the places allotted to their Colleccion and Charge, the said Knightf Cittizens and Burgesses, for the Shires Citties and Boroughes whereunto they be allotted named and retorned, shall certifie before the Kings Majestie in the Chauncery before the twentith day of June now next coming: And likewise alsoe the Names and Surnames of every of the said Collectors soe to be named and appointed for the Colleccion of the said second Fifteene and Tenth, together with the places allotted to their Colleccion and Charge, the said Knightf Citizens and Burgesses shall likewise ftifie unto the said Court of Chauncery before the thirtith of October then next following; And likewise alsoe the Names and Surnames of every of the said Collectors so to be made and appointed for the Collecfftn of the said third Fifteene and Tenth, together with the places allotted to their Colleccion and Charge, the said Knightf Citizens and Burgesses shall likewise certifie into the said Court of Chauncery before the thirtith day of March, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred twentie five : And if default of any such certifying be had or made in forme as is aforesaid, then the Lord Chauncellor of England, or Keeper of the Greate Seale for the tyme being, shall ymediatelie after, name and appoint Collectors for the Colleccion of every of the said Fifteenes and Tenths, in such like manner and forme as the said Knightf of Shires Citizens of Cities, and Burgesses of Boroughs should have done, and as before tyme hath byn used; The which said Collectors, and every of them so to be named and appointed as is aforesaid, shall have Allowance uppon their Accomptf for their Fees Wages and Rewardf for the Colleccion of the said Fifteenes and Tenths, in as large manner and forme as any Collector or Collectors of any Fifteene & Tenth have had at any season in tyme past; And that the Barons of the Kings Exchequer for the time being, shall and may from tyme to tyme award such pcesse for speedy Payment of the said severall Fifteenes and Tenths against the Collector or Collectors of the same, as by their good Discrecions shalbe thought convenient.

Provided allwayes and be it enacted by the authoritie of this p?sent Parliament, That the said Lord Chauncellor or Keeper of the Greate Seale for the tyme being, Knightf of the Shires, Citizens of Cities, Burgesses of Boroughs Townes and other Placf, having authoritie by this plsent Act to nominate the said Collectors of or for the Colleccion of the said sevsrall Fifteenes and Tenths, shall uppon their Nominacion and Eleccion had and made, take by authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, sufficient Recognizances or Obligacions of every pson so by them to be named, to be bound to the Kings Majestie in the double some of the some of their Colleccion, and to be indorsed uppon such Condicion, that if the same Collector and Collectors of the said first Fifteene and Tenth, and likewise the Collector and Collectors of the said second Fifteene and Tenth, and likewise the Collector and Collectors of the said third Fifteene and Tenth, doe trulie content and pay into the Hands of the said Treasurers to that Purpose appointed by this Act for the said first Fifteene and Tenth at or before the said tenth day of July now next ensuing, and for the said second Fifteene and Tenth at or before the said tenth day of December then next following, and for the said third Fifteene and Tenth at or before the said tenth day of May then next following, soe much of the said somes of Mony allotted to his Colleccion as the same Collector shall have collected and gathered ; and doe likewise, after the sayd severall daies respectivelie appointed for the said severall Paymentf, content and pay into the Hands of the said Treasurers as aforesaid for the uses aforesaid, the Residue of his Colleccion and Charge, within one Moneth next after such tyme as he shall have collected and gathered the same Residue, That then the said Recognizance or Obligacion to be void, or else to stand in full strength and power ; which Recognizances or Obligacions soe taken, the said Knightf of the Shires Citizens and Burgesses, and every of them taking such Recognizance or Obligacion, shall certifie and deliver to the Lord Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequer, before the said tenth day of July, tenth day of December, and tenth of May before mencioned, uppon paine of Forfeiture of Tenne Pounds to the Kings Majestie for every Recognizance or Obligacion so to be taken and not certified ; And that every such Collector upon request to him made, shall make and knowledge the same Recognizance or Obligacion accordinglie, uppon paine of Forfeiture of Twentie Pounds to the King for his refusall thereof; And that the Tresurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme being, uppon Payment of the said Colleccion at the dayes, shall cancell and deliver the sayd Recognizance or Obligacion to the said Collector or Collectors without any other Warrant, and without any Fee or Reward to be paid to any pson for the same.

And Furthermore, for the great and weightie Consideracions aforesaid, Wee the Lords Spirituall and Temporal!, and the Comons in this psent Parliament assembled, doe by our like assent and authoritie of this Parliament give and graunt to your Highnes our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Ma'" your Heires and Successors, Three entire Subsidies, to be rated taxed levied and paid at three severall Paymentf, of every pson Spirituall and Temporal!, of what Estate or Degree soever hee or they be of, according to the tenor of this Act, in manner and forme following. That is to saic; Aswell that every pson borne within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions, as all and every Fraternitie Guild Corporacion Mistery Brotherhood and Cominaltie, corporated or not corporated, within this Realme of England Wales or other the Kings Dominions, being worth Three pounds, for every pound aswell in Coyne and the value of every pound, that every such Pson FratWie Guild Corporacion Mistery Brotherhood and C5minaltie, corporate or not corporate, hath of his or their owne or any other to his or their use, as alsoe Plate Stocke of Marchandize, all manner of Corne and Graine Houshould Stuffe and of all other Goods mooveable, aswell within this Realme as without, and of all such somes of Mony as to him or them is or shalbe owing, whereof hee or they trust in his or their conscience surelie to be paid. Except and out of the said pmisses deducted such somes of mony as hee or they owe, and in his or their consciences intendeth trulie to pay, And except alsoe the App&rell of every such pson their Wives and Children belonging to their owne Bodies, Saving Jewellf Gold Silver

X

X


X

i

i

t

i

H

I

t

I


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 33.

1249

Stone and Pearle, shall pay to and for the (1) first Subsidie, at one intire payment. Two shillingf and eight pence of every pound; and to and for the said second Subsidie, in one intire payment. Two shillingf and eight pence of every pound; And to and for the said third Subsidie, in one intire payment, Two shillingf and eight pence of every pound: And also every Alien and Straunger borne out of the Kings obeysance, as well Denizens as others, inhabiting within this Realme, of every pound that he or they shall have in Coyne, and the value of every pound in Plate Come Graine nichandize Houshold Stuffe or other Goods Jewellf Chattellf mooveable or unmooveable as is aforesaid, aswell within this Realme as without, and of all sdmes of Money to him or them owing, whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience to be paid, Except and out of the same p'misses deducted every such some or sdmes of Mony which he or they doe owe and in his or their conscience or consciences intend truly to pay, shall pay to and for the said first Subsidie, in one intire payment. Five shillingf and foure pence for every pound; and to and for the said second Subsidie, in one intire payment, Five shillingf foure pence of every pound; and to and for the said third Subsidie, in one intire payment. Five shillingf and foure pence of every pound: And alsoe that every Alien and Stranger borne out of the Kings Dominions, being Denisen or not Denisen, not being contributarie to any of the Rates aforesaid, and being of the Age of Seven yeares or above, shall pay to and for the said first Subsidie, eight pence for every Polle; and to and for the said second Subsidie, eight pence for every Polle; and to and for the said third Subsidie, eight pence for every Polle; And the Master, or he or shee with whome the said Alien is or shalbe abiding at the tyme of the Taxacion or Taxacions therof, to be charged with the same for lacke of payment thereof.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That every pson borne under the Kings Obeysance, and every Corporation Fraternitie Guild Mistery Brotherhood and Cominaltie, Corporate or not Corporate, for every pound that every of the same psons, and every Corporation Fraternitie Guild Mistery Brotherhood and Cominaltie Corporate or not Corporate, or any other to his or their use, hath in Fee simple [or * ] Fee taile, for terme of Life, tenne of Yeares, by Execucion Wardshipp or by Coppie of Court Rolle, of and in any Honors Castles Mannors Lands Tenementf Rents Services Hereditamentf Anuities Fees Corrodies or other yearlie Proffittf of the yerelie value of Twentie shillingf, aswell within auncient Demesne and other Places priviledged as elswhere, and so upward, shall pay to and for the said first Subsidie, in one intire payment, foure shillingf of and for every pound; and to and for the second Subsidie, in one intire payment, Foure shillingf of and for every pound; and to and for the said third Subsidie, in one intire payment, Foure shillingf of and for every pound: And every Alien, Denizen or not Denizen, borne out of the Kings Majesties Obeysance, in such case to pay to and for the said first Subsidie, in one intire payment, Eight shillingf of every pound; and to and for the said second Subsidie, in one intire payment. Eight shillingf of every pound; and to and for the said third Subsidie, in one intire payment. Eight shillingf of every pound: And that all somes to be psented and chargeable by this Act, either for Goods and Debts or either of them, or for Lands and Tents and other the £>misses as is in this Act conteyned, shalbe at every of the said paymentf set and taxed after the rate and porcion according to the true meaning of this Act; Landes and Tents chargeable to the Dismes of the Clergie, and yerelie Wages due to Servantf for their yearely service, (other then the Kings Servauntf taking yerelie Wages of five pounds or above) onelie excepted and foreprised ; And that all Plate Coyne Goods Jewellf good Debts and Chattellf Psonallf, and all Lands Tenementf and other the £>misses as aforesaid, being in the Rule and Custodie of anie pson or psons to the use of any Corporacion Fraternitie Guild Misterie Brotherhood or any Cominaltie, being Corporate or not Corporate, be and shalbe rated sett and charged by reason of this Act, at the value certified by the p>senters of that Certificate of every pound in Goods and Debts as is abovesaid, and for every pound in Lands Tenementf Anuities Fees Corrodies and other yearelie Proffittf as is aforesaid; and the somes that are above rehearsed sett and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have such Goods in Custody, or otherwise charged for Lands as is before rehearsed, And the same pson and psons and Body Corporate, by Authoritie of this Act, shalbe discharged against him or them that shall or ought to have the same at the tyme of the payment or deliverie thereof, or at his otherwise departure from the Custodie or Possession of the same: Except and allwayes foreprised from the Charge and Assessement of these Subsidies, all Goods Chattellf Jewellf and Omamentf of Churches or Chappellf, which have byn ordayned and used in Churches and Chappellf for the honour and service of Almightie God.

And the payment of the first Subsidie shalbe, by authoritie aforesaid, taxed sessed and rated according to this Act, in every Shire Riding Lathe Wapentake Rape Citty Borough Towne and every other Place within this Realme of England and Wales and other the Kings Dominions, before the twentith day of June now next coming; And the payment of the sayd second Subsidie shalbe by the authoritie aforesaid taxed sessed and rated before the tenth day of October then next ensuing; And the payment of the said third Subsidie, shalbe by the authoritie aforesaid taxed sessed and rated before the tenth day of March then next following: And the particuler sdmes of every Shire Riding Borough Towne or other Places aforesaid, with the particular Names of such as are chargeable for and to the payment of the sayd first Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the Comissioners to the same to be lymitted or two of them at the least, with the Names of the High Collectors, and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Excheq, before the thirtith day of June now next ensuing; And the particuler somes of every Shire Riding Borough Towne and other places aforesaid, with the particuler names of such as are chargeable for and to the payment of the said second Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by Comissioners to the same to be lymitted, or two of them at the least, with the names of the High Collectors, and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer before the thirtith day of October then next following; And the particuler somes of every Shire Riding Borough Towne and other places aforesaid, with the particuler names of such as are chargeable to and

Upon Alieni, ft. 4<1. per Pound, in one entire Payment on each of the Three Subiidiet.

Poll Tax on Alieni not liable to the Subiidiei, 8d. on the Payment of each Subsidy.

V.

Three Subiidiei on Lands of aos. per Ann. and upwards, vis. Of Natives,

4a. in the Pound by one entire Payment on each Subsidy.

Of Aliens,

8s. in the Pound by one entire Payment on each Subsidy.

Exceptions 1

Mode of rating Personalty, ire.

Exception for Ornaments of Churches, See.

VI.

Times of rating and paying the said Subsidies.

> said 0.

• O. omits.


M P

’ b>

1250

21° Jac. I. c. 33.

A.D. 1623-4.

to be paid as well within Liberties as without:

[S« § XXX.]

VII. Rating of Absentees and others, according to Assessments, dec.

VIII. Appointment of Commissioners, for making Assessments in Shires, Cities, Jcc.

Limited Powers of Commissioners in Corporations;

for the payment of the said third Subsidie, to be taxed and sett by the C5missioners to the same to be lymitted, or two of them at the least, with the names of the High Collectors, and in the same forme shalbe certified into the Kings Exchequer before the thirdth day of March which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundred twentie and five: And the said somes, in forme aforesaid to be taxed to and for the payment of the said first Subsidie, shall be paid in one intire some to the uses before by this psent Act appointed into the Hands of the said Treasurers before named [as aforesaid 1J for the receiving of the said Fifteenes and Tenths, at or before the said tenth day of July now next ensuing; And the sayd somes in manner and forme aforesaid to be taxed for the payment of the said second Subsidie to be paid to the Hands of the said Treasurers as aforesaid to the uses aforesaid, at or before the tenth day of December then next following; And the said somes in forme aforesaid to be taxed for the payment of the said third Subsidie shalbe paid unto the Hands of the Treasurers aforesaid to the uses aforesaid, at or before the said tenth of May then next following: And the somes abovesaid of and for the said Subsidies, shalbe taxed sett asked and demaunded taken gathered levied and paid to the uses aforesaid in forme abovesaid, as well within the Liberties Franchises Sanctuaries Auncient Demesne and other whatsoever Places, exempt or not exempt, as without; Except such Shires Places and Psons as shalbe foreprised in and by this psent Act; Any Graunt Charter Prescripcion Use or Libertie by reason of any ires Patentf, or other Priviledge pscripcion Allowance of the same, or whatsoever other Matter of Discharge, heretofore to the contrary made granted used or obtayned notwithstanding.

And it is further enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That every such pson, aswell such as be borne under the Kings obeysance, as every other pson Straunger borne. Denizen or not Denizen, inhabiting within this Realme or within Wales or other the Kings Dominions, which at the tyme of the said Taxacions or Assessingf or of every of them to be had or made, shalbe out of this Realme or out of Wales, and have Goods Chattellf Lands or Tenementf Fees or Anilities or other Proffittf within this Realme or in Wales, shalbe charged and chargeable for the same by the Certificate of the Inhabitantf of the place where such Goods Chattellf Lands Tefltf or other the pmisses then shalbe, or in such other place where such pson or psons or his or their Factor Deputie or Attomy shall have their most resort unto within this Realme or in Wales, in like manner as if the said pson .were or had byn at the tyme of the said Assessing within this Realme; And that every pson abiding [&' ] dwelling within this Realme or without this Realme, shalbe charged or chargeable to the same Subsidies graunted by this Act, according and after the Rate of such yearelie substance or value of Lands or Tents Goods Chattellf or other the pmisses, as every pson so to be charged shalbe sett att, att the tyme of the said Assessing or Taxacion uppon him to be made, and no otherwise.

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That for the assessing and ordering of the said Three Subsidies to be duly had, the Lord Chauncellor of England or the Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, the Lord Treasurer of England, the Lord President of the Kings Councell, the Lord Privie Seale, the Lord Steward of the Kings Majesties Houshold, the Lord Admirall of England, the Lord Chamberlaine of his Majesties most honorable Houshold for the tyme being, or two of them at the least, whereof the Lord Chauncellor of England or Keeper of the Great Seale for the tyme being to be one, shall and may name and appoint of and for every Shire Riding and other Places, aswell within this Realme as in Wales, and other the Kings Dominions, as alsoe of and for every Cittie and Towne being a Countie of itselfe, and of and for the Isle of Wight, such certaine nomber of psons of every of the same Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes and Isle of Wight, and every other place, as they shall thinke convenient, to be Comissioners of and within the same place, whereof they be Inhabitantf; And also of and for the honorable Houshold of the Kings Majestie, in what Shire or other Place the said Houshold shall then happen to be; And the Lord Chauncellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seale, and other with him before named, or two of them as is aforesaid, in like manner may name and appoint of every other such Borough and Townes Corporate, as well in England as in Wales, and other the Kings Dominions, as they shall thinke requisite, six five foure three or two of the Head Officers, and other honest Inhabitantf of every of the said Cities Boroughs and Townes Corporate, according to the nomber and multitude of the people being in the same; The which psons (if any such be) thereunto named of the said Inhabitantf of the said Boroughs and Townes Corporate, not being Counties of themselves, shall be joyned and putt in as C5missioners with the psons named for such Shires and Ridingf as the (*) Boroughs and Townes Corporate, not being Counties in themselves, bee set and have their being; Which psons soe named for and of the said Boroughs and Townes Corporate, not being Counties, by reason of their dwelling in the same, shall not take upon them nor none of them, to putt any part of their Comission in execucion for the p>misses out of the said Boroughs and Townes Corporate, wherein they be so named only; nor to execute the same Comission within the Borough or Townes Corporate where they be so dwelling, but at such dayes and tymes as the said other C5missioners for the same Shire and Riding shall thereunto lymitt and appoint, within the same Borough and Towne Corporate, not being a Countie whereof they be soe named, and not out of such Borough or Towne; And in that manner to be ayding and assisting with the said other Comissioners in and for the good executing of the effect of the said Comission, upon paine of every the said Comissioners, so named for ePy such Citie Borough and Towne Corporate not being a Countie, to make such Fine as the said other Cdmissioners in the Comission of and for the same Shire or Riding so named, or three of them at the least, shall by their discrecion sett and certifie into the Kings Exchequer, there to be levyed to the use of the Kings Majestie, in like manner as if such or like somes had bene sett and rated uppon every such pson for the said Subsidies ; The which Cdmissioners so named, of and for the said Cities Boroughs and Townes not being Counties, and onelie put into the said Comission by reason

1 0. omits.

1 said 0.


A.D.l62$-4i,

21° Jac.I. c. 33.

1251

of their dwelling in the same, shall not have any part of the porcion of the Fees and Rewardf of the Comissioners

and their Clerkes in this Act afterward? specified and allowed. And the Lord Chauncellor of England or Keeper of ^"on* j

the Great Seale for the tyme being, shall make and direct out of the Court of Chauncery under the Great Seale, out of Chancery.

several! Comissions, That is to saie, For every Shire Riding Lath Wapentake Rape Cittie Towne Borough Isle

and Houshold, unto such pson and psons as by his discrecion or any of the other with him before named and appointed,

as is before rehearsed, shalbe thought sufficient, for the sessing and levying of the sayd Three Subsidies in all Shires

and Places, according to the true meaning of this Act; Which Comission for the payment of the said first Subsidie,

shall be directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or one of them before the tenth day of June now next

edming; And the Comission for the payment of the said second Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said

Comissioners or one of them before the twentith day of September then next following; And the Comission for the

payment of the said third Subsidie shalbe directed and delivered to the said Comissioners or to one of them before

the twentith day of February then next ensuing; And to every of the sayd Comissions, Ten Schedules, conteyning

in them the Tenor of this Act, shalbe affiled ; By the which Comission, the Comissioners in every such Comission

named according to this Act, and as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission, shall have Power

and Authoritie to put the Effect of the same Comission in Execucion : And that by Authoride of this Act, after such Commi*nonm

Comission to them directed, they may by their Assentf and Agreement? sever themselves for the Execucion of iTtheir^Kpjrate*'1

their Comission, in Hundred? Lathes Wardes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Parishes and other Places within the Limittf Dl,trict‘l

of the said Comission, in such forme as to them shall seeme expedient to be ordered, and betweene them to be

edmuned and agreed, according to the Tenor and Effect of the Comission to them therein directed, uppon which

severance every pson of this psent Parliament that shalbe C5missioner shalbe assigned to the Hundred where he

dwelleth: Provided allwaies, That no pson be or shalbe compelled to be any Comissioner to and for the Execucion Com^iongni

of this psent Act, but onelie in the Shire where he dwelleth and inhabiteth; And that any pson assigned to the contrarie

therof in any wise, shall not be compelled to put in execucion the effect of this Act or any part thereof.

IX.

And be it alsoe enacted by the authoritie of this Psent Parliament, That the Comissioners and every of them Commiuioner* which shalbe named lymitted and appointed according to this Act, to be Comissioners in every such Shire Riding ^thout

Lathe Wapentake Rape Cittie Towne Borough Isle and the said Houshold, or any other place, and no other, shall trulie effectually and diligentlie for their part execute the effect of this Psent Act according to the Tenor thereof in every behalfe, and no otherwise, by any other meanes, without Omission Favour Dread Malice or any other thing

to be attempted or done by them or any of them to the contrary thereof: And the said Comissioners or as many p^o^nVheYear1

of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission, and none other, for the Execucion of the said Comission and tummon Inhabitant* Act, shall for Taxacion of the said first Subsidie, before the fifteenth day of June now next edming; And {^VttenOfcMing. for the Taxacion of the said second Subsidie, shall before the thirtith day of September then next ensuing; And for putting this for the Taxacion of the said third Subsidie, shall before the eight and twentith day of Februarie then next following, Act " Execution-

by vertue of the said Comission delivered unto them in forme abovesaid, direct their severall or joynt pcept or

pcept? unto eight seven sixe five foure three or two, as for the nomber of the Inhabitant? shalbe requisite, of the most substanciall discreete and honest p6ons Inhabitant?, to be named by the said Comissioners or by as many of them as shalbe appointed by the said Comission, of and in Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Ward? Parishes Townes and other Places, aswell within Liberties Franchises auncient Demesne Places exempted and Sanctuaries as without, within the Limittf of the Shire Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Cities Townes Boroughes and Isle aforesaid, and other Places within the Lymittf of their Comission, and to the Constables Subconstables Bailiffes and other like Officers [Administers1] of every of the said Hundreds Townes Wards Lathes Wapentakes Parishes and other Places aforesaid, as to the said Comissioners and every nomber of them, or unto three or two of them by their discrecion in division, shall seeme expedient, as by the manner and use of those parties shalbe requisite; Straightlie by the said Precept charging and edmaunding the said Inhabitant? Constables and other Officers aforesaid, to whome such Precept shalbe directed, to appeare in their prop psons before the said C5missioners or such nomber of them as they shall divide themselves, according to the tenor of the said Comission, at certaine Dayes and Places by the said Comissioners or any number of them as is aforesaid, within Cities Boroughs or Towne Corporate or without, in any other Places as is aforesaid, by their discrecions shalbe limitted thereunto, to doe and accomplish all that to them on the part of the King? Majestie shalbe enjoyned touching this Act; Comaunding further by the same pcept, that he to whose Hand? such Precept shall come, shall shew and deliver the same to the other Inhabitant? or Officers named in the same Precept ; And that none of them faile to accomplish the same, upon paine of Fortie shilling? to be forfeited to the King? Majestie.

And it is further ordained by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That at the said day and place pfixed

and limitted in the said pcept, every of the said Comissioners then being in the Shire, and having noe sufficient Officer* summoned excuse for his absence, at the day and place pfixed for that part whereunto he was lymitted, shall appeare in his Commubnm,^ proper pson, and there the same Comissioners being psent, or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the King?

Majesties Comission, shall call or cause to be called before them, the said Inhabitant? and Officers to whome they Squireandowtify0 have directed their said Precept?, and which had in Comaundement there to appeare by vertue of the said pcept; pI^)V*lue And if any pson soe warned make default, unlesse he then be letted by sicknes or lawfull excuse, and that lett to thTsddwwal then be witnessed by the Oathes of two credible psons. Or if any appearing refuse to serve in forme following, kc

then every such pson so making default or refusing to serve, shall forfeit to the King? Majestie Fortie Shilling?,

1 and Minister 0.

’ t

1

A.D. 162S-4,

1252

Charge of the Commiulonera to >uch Inquirera;

Further Day shall be given to bring in Certificate!, by such Inquirer!

Penalty of 40s. on Non-appearance or Kefuial to certify;

Receiving Certificates and making Assessments

Summoning Parties underrated s

to be examined, but not on Oath

Parties not appearing shall be rated Double;

21° Jac. I. c. 33.

and soe at every tyme appointed by the said Comissioners for the same Taxacion, untill such tyme the nomber of every such psons have appeared and certified in forme underwritten, every of them soe making default or refusing to serve, shall forfeit to the Kings Majestic Fortie Shilling^: And uppon the same Appearance had, they shalbe charged before the Comissioners by all convenient wayes and meanes, (other then by Corporall Oath,) to enquire of the best and most value of the Substance of every pson dwelling and abiding within the limittf of the Places that they shalbe charged with, and of other which shall have his or their most resort unto any of the said Places, and chargeable with any some of Mony by this Act of the said Subsidies, and of all other Things requisite touching the said Act, and according to the intent of the same; and thcreuppon as neere as it may be or shall come to their knowledge, without respect of any former Taxacion heretofore had, trulie to psent and certifie before the said CSmissioners the Names and Surnames and the best and uttermost Substance and Values of every of them, as well of Lands Tenementf and other Hereditamentf Possessions and Proffittf as of Goods Chattellf Debts and other Things chargeable by the same Act, without any Concealment Love Favour Affeccion Dread or Malice, uppon paine of forfeiture of Five Pounds or more, to be taxed extracted and levied in forme as hereafter in this psent Act shalbe limitted and appointed: And thereuppon the said Comissioners shall openlie there read or cause to be read unto them the said Rates, in this Act mencioned, and openlie declare the Effect of their Charge unto them, in what manner and forme they ought and should make their Certificat, according to the Rates and Somes thereof abovesaid, and of all manner psons, as well of Aliens and Straungers, Denizens or not Denizens, inhabiting within this Realme, as of such psons as be borne under the Kings Obeysance chargeable to this Act, and of the Possessions Goods and Chattellf of Fraternities Guilds Corporacions Brotherhoodf Misteries Cominalties and other as is abovesaid, and of psons being in the parts beyond the Seas, having Goodes and Chattellf Lands or Tenementf within this Realme as is aforesaid, and of all Goods being in the custodie of any pson or psons, to the use of any other as is abovesaid; by the which informacion and shewing, the said psons should have such plaine knowledge of the true intent of this p>sent Act and of the manner of their Certificate, that the same psons shall have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance: And after such Charge and the Statute of the said Subsidies, and the manner of the said Certificate to be made in writing, conteyning the names and surnames of every person, and whether he be borne without the Kings Obeysance or within, and the best value of every pson in every degree, aswell of the yerelie value of Lands and Tenementf and of such like Possessions and Proffittf as of the value of Goods and Chattellf Debts and every thing to their Certificate requisite and necessary to them declared, the said Comissioners there being, shall by their discrecions appoint and lymitt unto the said psons, another Day and Place to appeare before the said Comissioners, and charging the said psons that they in the meane tyme shall make dilligent inquirie by all waies and meanes of the ^misses, and then and there every of them, uppon paine of forfeiture of Fortie shillingf to the Kings Majestie, to appeare at the said new Infixed day and place, there to certifie unto the said Comissioners in Writing according to their said Charge, and according to the true intent of the said Graunt of Subsidies, and as to them in manner aforesaid hath bene declared and shewed by the Comissioners: At which Day and Place so to be pfixed, if any of the said psons make default, or appeare and refuse to make the said Certificate, that then every of them soe offending to forfeit to the Kings Majestie Fortie shillingf, (Except there be a reasonable excuse of his default by reason of sicknes or otherwise, by the Oathes of two credible psons there witnessed); and of such as appeare ready to make Certificate as is aforesaid, the said Comissioners there being, shall take and receive the same Certificate and every part thereof, and the Names Values and Substance of every pson so certified : And if the said Comissioners see cause reasonable, they shall examine the said p'senters thereof, and thereuppon the said Comissioners at the said Dayes and Place, by their Agreement amongest themselves, shall from tyme to tyme there openly p*fixe a Day at a certaine Place or Places within the Limittf of their Comission by their discrecion, for their further pceeding to the said assessing of the said Subsidies: And thereuppon at the said Day of the said Certificate as is aforesaid taken, the same Comissioners shall make their p>cept or pceprf to the Constables Subconstables Bailiffes or other Officers of such Hundreds Wapentakes Townes or other Places aforesaid as the same Comissioners shalbe of, comprising and contayning in the said p>cept the Names and Surnames of all psons psented before them in the said Certificate, of whome if the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Kings Comission shall then have vehement suspect to be of more greater value or substance in Lands Goods Chattellf or somes of Money owing to them, or other substance aforesaid, then uppon such (1) psons so certified and specified as aforesaid, the same Comissioners shall make their p*cept or pceptf directed to the Constable Bayliffe or other Officers, comaunding the said Constable Bayliffes or other Officers to whom such p>ceptf shalbe directed, to warne such psons whose names shalbe comprised in the said Preceptf at their Mansions, or to their psons, that the same psons named in such p*ceptf, and every of them, shall psonallie appeare before the said Comissioners at the said new fPfixed day and place, there to be examined by all wayes and meanes, other then by Corporall Oath, by the said Comissioners, of their greatest Substance and best Value, and of all and every somes of Money owing to them, and other whatsoever matter concerning the pmisses or any of them according to this Act; Att which Day and Place so pfixed, the said Comissioners then and there being, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Kings C5mission, shall cause to be called the said psons whose Names shalbe comprized in the said pcept as is aforesaid, for their Examinacion; And if any of those psons which shalbe warned as is aforesaid to be examined, which at any tyme after the warning and before the pfixed Day shalbe within such Place where he may have knowledge of his said Apparance to be made, make default and appeare not, unlesse a reasonable Cause or else reasonable Excuse by the Oathes of two credible psons before the said Comissioners be trulie alleadged for his Discharge, That then every of them so making default, to be

1 person or 0.


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 33.

1253

taxed and charged to the Kings Majestie with and at the double s5me of the Rate that hee should or ought to have byn sett at, for and after the best value of his Land? or Substance uppon him certified (if he had appeared,) by the discrecion of the Comissioners there being: Which Comissioners shall travell with every of the other psons so then and there appearing, whose Names shall be expressed in the said pcept or pceptf, and in whome any vehement suspect was or shalbe had in forme aforesaid, by all such wayes and meanes as they canne, (other then by Corporall Oath,) for the better knowledge of their best value, either in Hereditamentf or Possessions, or else in Goods or Debts, and thereuppon shall have power and authoritie by vertue of this Act according to their discrecions to enlarge and encrease the Taxadons of such p6ons as they shall finde by due examinacion to be of greater value or substance in Lands or Goods then they were jPsented at: And that every Spirituall pson at every of the said Taxacions of the said Three Subsidies, shalbe rated and sett, according to the Rate abovesaid, of and for every pound that the same Spirituall pson or any other to his use, hath by Discent Bargaine or Purchase, in Fee Simple Fee Taile terme of Life terme of Yeares, by Execuc&n by Wardshipp or by Coppie of Court Rolle, in any Mannors Landes Tenementf Rents Services Offices Fees Anuides Corrodies or Hereditamentf, after the true just and yerelie value thereof, and according as other the Kings Majesties Subjects borne within this Realme be charged, in forme above remembred, so that it extend to the yearelie value of Twende shillingf or above.

And it is further enacted, That if the said Taxors or Assessors shall not dulie behave themselves in their Inquirie Taxacion Assessement or Certificate, but shall affectionatelie corruptlie or parciallie demesne themselves in that behalfe, in such wise that the Comissioners shall by their Consideracions deeme them Offendors worthie of punishment for not doing their Duties therein, That then foure or more of the Comissioners of that Counde for the same Subsedie, shall have power and authoritie by their discrecions, either to charge the said Assessors uppon their corporall Oathes for the better service aforesaid in that behalfe, or else by their discrecion to taxe and sett uppon every of the said Assessors for their Misdemeanors in that behalfe, such a Fine or Paine as they shall thinke good, soe that it exceed not the some of Tenne Pounds; And the same Fine or Paine at their discrecions to estreate into the Court of Exchequer ; Every which Fine soe taxed and sett by Foure of the said Comissioners or more, and being estreated with the Schedule and Bookes of that lymitt, shalbe levyed and aunswered to the Kings use, in like manner and forme to all intentf and purposes as any other sotnes that shalbe taxed and become due by vertue of this Statute and Act of Subsidie, and not in any other wise or manner: And if any psons certified or rated by vertue of this Act, whether he be a Comissioner or other, to any manner of value, doth finde himselfe greived with the same Presentment sessing or rating, and thereuppon complaine to the Comissioners before whome hee shalbe called sessed or taxed, or before two of them, before the same Taxacion be certified into the Court of Exchequer, that then the said Comissioners, or two of them, shall by all wayes and meanes, examine particularlie and distinctlie the psons soe complayning, uppon his Oath, and other his Neighbours by their discrecions, of every his Lands and Tenementf above specified, and of every his Goods Chattellf and Debts above mencioned; And after due examinacion and pfect knowledge thereof had and pceived by the said Comissioners or two of them, which shall have power by Authoritie aforesaid, the said Comissioners, or two of them to whome any such Complaint shalbe made, by their discrecions uppon the Oath of the said pson so complayning, may abate defalke increase or inlarge the said Assessementf according as it shall appeare unto them just uppon the same Examinacion; And the same some so abated defalked increased or inlarged, shalbe by them estreated in forme as hearefter ensueth: And if it be proved by witnesses or by the parties owne Confession, or other lawfoll waies or means, within a yeare after any such Oath made, that the same pson soe rated and sworne was of any better or greater value in Lands Goods or other Things above specified at the tyme of his said Oath, then the said pson soe swome did declare uppon his said Oath, That then every such pson soe offending shall lose and forfeit to the Kings Majestie so much lawfoll Money of England as he the same pson so swome was sett att or taxed to pay.

And alsoe be it enacted by the same Authoritie, That every pson to be rated and taxed as is aforesaid, shalbe rated and set, and the some on him sett, to be levied at such place where he and his family were resident for the most part of the yeare next before the same psentment and Taxacion made, and no where els: And that no Comissioner for this Subsedie shalbe rated or taxed for his Goods or Lands but in the Shire or other Place where he shalbe Comissioner; And that if any pson chargeable to this Act, at the time of the same Assessing happen to be out of this Realme and out of Wales, or farre from the place where he shalbe knowne, then he to be set where he was last abiding in this Realme or in Wales, and after the Substance Value and other Pffiuf of every pson to be knowen by the Examinacion Certificate or other manner of wise as is aforesaid; And that the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe appointed by the Kings Majesties Comission or Comissions, shall, after the Rate and Rates aforesaid, cause every pson soe to be sett rated and taxed according to the Rate of the Substance and Value of his Lands Goods Chattellf and other Proffittf chargeable by this Act, whereby the greatest or more best some or somes according to his most substance by reason of this Act might or may be sett or taxed: And that every pson taxed in any Countie or Place, other then where he or his familie were resiant for the most part of the yere then next before, or in any Countie or Place other then were he is a Comissioner for the Subsidie, if he be a Comissioner, uppon Certificate made to the said Court of Exchequer under the Hands and Seales of the two Comissioners for the same Subsedie in the same Countie or Place, where such pson and his family were resiant for the most part of the yere then next before, or where he is a Comissioner for the Taxacion and Payment of the same Subsidie, testifying such his most Resiance, having a Familie, or being a Comissioner, i shalbe a sufficient Discharge for the Taxacion of that p6on in all other places, and of and for all other sdmes

Partied appearing shall be examined, but not on Oath;

Rating Spiritual Pertom for their Lay Possessions.

XI.

Commissioners may fine Aueiiora for Neglect, Icc. not excecdingj£io,&c.

Commissioner!, on Complaint, on Oath of Parties,See. may decrease or increase Charge.

Penalty on Evasion, on Pretext of Overcharge, the full Sum rated.

XII.

Parties shall be rated where dwelling, See.

Commissioners, within Shires t

Absentees, where last abiding

according to the highest Rate, Sic.

Relief against Double Charges.


1254

21" Jac. I. c. 33

A.D. 1623-4.

Jill

XIII. Persons rated for Real Property shall not be rated for Personalty, &c.

None shall be doubly charged.

XIV.

On Complaint of Double Charge, Certificate of one Rate shall be produced;

Penalty on Evasion under such Pretext, &c. Double Rate.

XV. Commissioners shall assess themselves and the Assessors.

XVI. Peers shall be assessed by the Lord Chancellor, Treasurer, tcc.

XVII.

of Mony upon such psons soe sett and taxed, save onelie the Taxacion made in that Countie or Place from which such Certificate shalbe made as is aforesaid, and for the some of Mony uppon such pson there assessed or taxed; And that such Certificate, without any Plea or other Circumstance, shalbe a sufficient Warrant aswell to the Barons and Auditor or Auditors of the said Court of Exchequer, as to all and every other Officers to whome the Allowance thereof shall appertaine, paying for such Discharge and Allowance onelie Sixe pence and noe more.

Provided alwaies. That every such pson which shalbe rated or taxed according to the true meaning of this Act, for the payment of and to theise Subsidies, for and after the yearelie value of his Lands Tenementf and other Reall Possessions or Proffittf at any of the said Taxacions, shall not after be sett and rated for his Goods and Chattelif or other moveable Substance at the same Taxacion; and that he that shalbe sett charged or taxed for the same Subsidies for his Goods Chattelif or other Moveables at any of the 6aid Taxacions according to the true meaning of this Act, shall not after be charged taxed or chargeable for his Lands or other Reall Possessions and Proffittf abovesaid, at the same Taxacion or any of them; Nor that any pson by any Taxacion be double charged for the said Subsidies, nor set or taxed at severall Places by reason of this Act; But if any pson happen to be double sett taxed or charged either in one place or at severall places, then he to be discharged of the one Taxacion and charged with the other, according to the meaning and intent of this Act; Any thing contayned in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And that it be ordeyned and enacted by the said Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That no pson having two Mansions or two Places to resort unto, or calling himselfe Houshould Servaunt or Waiting Servant to the Kings Majestie or other Lord or Lady Master or Mistris, be excused uppon his saying from the Taxes of the said Subsidies in neither of the Places where he may be set or taxed, unlesse he bring a Certificate in writing from the Comissioners where that hee is so sett or taxed indeed at one Place; And if any pson that ought to be sett and taxed to theise psent Subsidies by reason of his removing or resorting to two places, or by reason of his saying that hee was elswhere taxed, or by reason of any priviledge, of his dwelling or abiding in any place not being foreprised in this Act, or otherwise by his Covine or Craft, or by any Words or Sayings or otherwise, Or if any that is a Comissioner or a Sesser of others, happen to escape from the said Taxacions for the payment of these Subsidies or any of them, and be not sett and taxed according to the true intent of this Act, and that proved by psentment Examinacion Informacion or otherwise before the said Comissioners or two of them, or before the Barons of the Kings Majesties Exchequer or two Justices of the Peace of the Countie where such pson dwelleth; Then every such pson that, by such meanes or otherwise, willinglie by Covin or without just cause, shall happen to escape from the said Taxacions or Paymentf as aforesaid or any of them, and shall not be rated taxed and sett, shalbe charged uppon the knowledge and proofe thereof, with and at the double value of so much as he should might or ought to have bene sett and taxed at by vertue of this Act; And the same double value to be levyed gathered and paid of his Goods and Chattelif Lands and Tenementf towards the said Subsidies, and further to be punished according to the discrecion of the Barons Justices and Comissioners before whome he shalbe convicted for his Offence and Deceit in that behalfe.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That the said Comissioners in every Comission which shalbe or inhabite in any Countie or Place within the Lymittf of their Comission, or the more part of them, shall have full Power and Authoritie by this Act to set taxe and sesse every other Comissioner joyned with them in every such Comission, and the said Comissioners within every Division shall alsoe assesse every such Assessor within their Division for his or their Goods Lands and other the pmisses as is aforesaid; By the wrk said Comission the said Comissioners to whome it shall appertaine, shall indifferentlie set taxe and sesse themselves and the said Assessors ; and that aswell the somes uppon every of the said Comissioners and Assessors so sessed rated and taxed, as the somes made and psented by the Presenters as is abovesaid, shall be written certified set and estreated, and the Estreatf thereof to be made, with other the Inhabitantf of that part, and within the Limittf of the same C5mission and Division so to be gathered and levied, in like maner as it ought or should have beene, if the said Comissioners had not beene in the said Comission.

And that all psons of the Estate of a Baron or Baronesse, and every Estate above, shalbe charged with their Freehold and Value as is aforesaid, by the Chauncellor or Lord Keeper of the Greate Seale of England, the High Treasurer of England for the tyme being, or one of them, together with other such psons as by the Kings Majesties Authoritie or Comaundement shalbe named or appointed, and they to be charged for the said severall paymentf of the said severall Subsidies after the forme of the sayd Graunt, according to the Taxacion aforesaid ; And the sdme of and uppon them to be taxed and set, with the Names of the Collectors appointed for the gathering and paying of the same, to be estreated delivered and certified at Daies and Places above specified by the Lord Chauncellor or Keeper of the Great Seale and Lord Treasurer or one of them, together with other such psons as shalbe thereunto named as is aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That after the Taxes and Assesses of the said somes uppon and by the said Assessing and Certificate as is aforesaid made, the said Comissioners or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed, and have Authoritie by the Kings Majesties Comission, shall with all speed and without delay, by their Writing, estreat die said Taxes thereof, under the Seales and Signes Manuell of the said Comissioners

5

if

if

if

V*

t+

dk

t*

d*

jfi

M

gilt

<4


b

d\

a

ik



iL

U

4

E

a

k

i

Is

t

k

i

S

A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 33.

1255

or as many of them as shalbe appointed at the least; And the same shall deliver unto sufficient and substanciall After Assessment,

Inhabitantf Constables Subconstables Baylifff and other Officers joyntlie, of Hundreds Townes Parishes and other

Places aforesaid within their Lymittf, and to other sufficient psons Inhabitantf of the same, onlie by the discrecion Commissioners to

of the said Comissioners with the Assent of the High Collector, and as the place and parties shall require, aswell Sum«'hal*

the particuler Names and Surnames as the Remembrance of all the somes of Monie taxed and set of and uppon *»*e*«l by Distress,

every pson aswell Man as Woman chargeable to this Act, Houshoulders and all other Inhabitantf and Dwellers «me*in thef/sereral

within the said Parishes Townes and Places contributorie to this Act of Subsidies; By Authoride of which Writing ^h Collators

and Estreat so delivered, the said Officers and other psons soe named and deputed, severallie shall have full Power

and Authoride by vertue of this Act, iihediatelie after the delivery of the said Writing or Estreat, to demaund levie

and gather of every p6on therein specified the some and somes in the same Writing or Estreat comprised; And for

non payment thereof to distraine the same pson or psons soe being behinde, by their Goods and Chattellf, and the

Distresse soe taken to keepe by the space of eight daies, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner thereof; And if

the same Owner do not pay such some of Money as shalbe taxed by Authoride of this Act within the same Eight

daies, then the same Distresse to be appraised by Foure or Three or Two of the Inhabitantf where such Distresse

is taken, and alsoe then to be solde by the Constable or other Collector for the payment of the said Mony,

and the Overplus coming of the sale and keeping thereof (if any be) to be imediatelie restored to the Owner of

the same Distresse; which said Officers and other psons so deputed to aske take gather and levy the said somes,

shall aunswere and be charged for the portion onelie to them assigned and lymitted, to be gathered levied and

comprised in the said Writing or Estreat so to them as is aforesaid delivered, to the use of our Soveraigne Lord

the Kings Majestie and his Heires and Successors; And the said some in that Writing or Estreat comprised, to

pay unto the High Collector or Collectors of that place for Colleccion of the same, in manner and forme

underwritten therunto to be named and deputed ; and the same Inhabitantf and Officers so gathering the same

particular Somes, for their Colleccion thereof, shall retaine of every Twentie Shillingf so by them received and

payed, Two pence; and that to be allowed at the payment of their Colleccion by them to be made to the High

Collector or Collectors.

And further be it enacted by the said Authoride, That the said Comissioners, or the more part of them as shall take uppon them the Execucion and Busines of the said Comission, shall for every of the said Payment f of the said Subsidies, name such sufficient and able psons which then shall have and possesse Lands & other Hereditamentf in their owne Right of the cleare yearelie value of forrie pounds, or Goods to the value of foure hundred pounds at the least, as he shall be taxed in the Subsidie Booke, if any such be in the said lymittf, and for want of such soe assessed, then those to be appointed Collectors that then shalbe sufficient, and rated and taxed in the Subsidie Bookes in Lands or Goods neerest to the values aforesaid, as by their discrecions shalbe thought good, in Shires Ridingf Lathes Wapentakes Rapes Citties Townes Corporate and other whatsoever places, as well within places priviledged as without, not being foreprised within this Act, to be High Collectors and to have the Colleccion and Receit of the said s5mes sett and leviable within the pcinct Limittf and Boundf where they shalbe so limitted and appointed to be High Collectors ; And to every of the said Collectors soe severallie named, the said Comissioners, or two of them at the least, with all speed and without delay, after the said whole some of any payment of the said Subsidies be sett by all the limittf of the same their C5mission, or in such limittf as the High Collectors shalbe so severally assigned, shall under their Seales and Signe Manuell deliver one Estreat indented in Parchment, comprising in it the Names of all such psons as were assigned to levy the said particuler somes, and the somes of every Hundred Wapentake Towne and other Place aforesaid, with the Names and Surnames of the psons soe chargeable, according to the Estreat so first thereof made and delivered as is aforesaid: And the Collectors to be assigned shalbe charged to aunswere the whole s5me comprised in the said Estreat lymitted to his Colleccion as is aforesaid.

Provided allwaies and be it enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That the said Comissioners having authoride by this Act to name and nominate the said High Collectors of every the said Subsidies, shall ymediatelie uppon their Nominacion and Eleccion, take by Authoride of this Psent Parliament, sufficient Recognizances or Obligacions, without any Fee or Reward to be paid therefore, of every p6on so by them to be named to be High Collectors to be bound to the Kings Majesde in the double s5me of his Colleccion, and to be indorsed and made uppon

such Condicion, That is to saie; For the Colleccion of the said first Subsidie, That if the said Collector his

Heires or Executors do trulie content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors into the Hands of such Treasurers as is aforesaid, at or before the said tenth day of July, soe much of the said some of Mony allotted and appointed to his Colleccion, as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Colleccion and Charge within one Moneth next after such tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizances or Obligacions to be voyd, or else to stand in full force and vertue; And for the Colleccion of the payment of the said second Subsidie, uppon condicion that if the said Collector his Heires or Executors doe trulie content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors, into the Hands of such Treasurers as is aforesaid, at or before the said tenth day of December, so much of the said some of Mony allotted and appointed to his Colleccion, as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue

of his Colleccion and Charge, within one Moneth next after such tyme as he hath gathered and collected the

same Residue, That then the said Recognizances or Obligacions to be void, or else to stand in full strength and vertue; And for the Colleccion of the payment of the said third Subsidie, uppon Condicion that if the said Collector his Heires or Executors do truly content and pay to the use of the Kings Majestie his Heires or Successors into the Hands of such Treasurers as aforesaid, at or before the said tenth day of May then next following, soe much of the

XVIII.

Commissioner shall appoint High Collectors for receiving the Sums so levied.

XIX.

High Collectors shall enter into Recognizances to pay Sums received by them, to be certified into the Exchequer by the Commissioners

G(X>

1256

21°Jac. I. c. 33

ytf.ZJ.1623-4.

Penalty on Neglect in certifying, j£io j on Neglect of Recognizance, jCzo.

High Collectors shall call on Constables, &c. to pay Money levied, allowing them ad. per Pound.

On Failure, Constables, &c. may be distrained.

XX.

Collectors of one Payment shall not be named Collectors of a subsequent Payment, without producing their Quietus for the former.

said somes of Mony allotted and appointed to his Collection as he shall collect and gather, and content and pay the Residue of his Collection and Charge within one Moneth after such tyme as he hath gathered and collected the same Residue, That then the said Recognizances or Obligations to be void, or els to stand in full strength and vertue: Which said severall Recognizances or Obligacions soe taken, the said Cdmissioners shall severallie certifie and deliver into the Kings Majesties Exchequer, with the severall Certificates of the said Taxations and Rates of the payment of the said Subsidies, at and by the tyme plscribed and appointed by this Act for the Certificate of the said severall Taxations of the said Subsidies ; upon paine of Forfeiture of Tenne Pounds to the Kings Majesde for every such Recognizance or Obligation not so certified ; And that every such Collector so elected named and chosen, uppon request to him made, shall knowledge and make the said Recognizance or Obligation, uppon paine and forfeiture of Twentie pounds to the Kings Majestie for the refusall thereof j And that the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer for the tyme being, uppon payment of the said severall Collections of the said Subsidies at the dayes and tymes herein lymitted for the payment thereof, shall cancell and deliver the Recognizances or Obligacions for the payment thereof to the Collector or Collectors, without any other Warrant, and without any Fee or Reward to be paid for the same to any pson: And every Collector so deputed, having the said Estreat in Parchment as is aforesaid, shall have Authoritie by this Act, to appoint Daies and Places within the Circuit of his Collection for the payment of the said Subsidies to him to be made, and thereof to give warning by Pclamacion or otherwise, to all the Constables or other peons or Inhabitantf having the Charge of the particuler Collection within the Hundreds Parishes Townes or other Places by him or them lymitted, to make payment for the said particuler Collection of every s5me as to them shall appertaine; And if at the same day and place so lymitted and p>fixed by the said High Collector, the said Constable Officers or other Psons or Inhabitantf as is aforesaid, for the said particuler Collection assigned and appointed within such Hundred Cittie Towne or other Place, doe not pay unto the said High Collectors the some within their severall Hundreds Townes Parishes and (1) Places, due and comprised in the said Estreat thereof to them delivered by the said Comissioners or some of them as is aforesaid, or soe much thereof as they have by any meanes received, (Two pence for every pound for the said particuler Collection as is aforesaid alwaies thereof to be allowed excepted and abated,) That then it shalbe lawfull to the said High Collectors and every of them and to their Assignes, to distraine every of the said Constables Officers and other Inhabitantf, for their said severall and particular Collection of the said somes comprised in the said Estreat and Writing thereof, to them and every of them as is before expressed delivered, or for soe much of the said s5me as to then shall happen to be gathered and levied and behinde and unpaid, by the Goods and Chattellf of every of them soe being behinde ; And the Distresse soe taken to be kept and appraised and sold as is aforesaid, and thereof to take and levy the somes soe then being behinde and unpaid; And the overplus coming of the sale of the said Distresse (if any be) to be restored and delivered to the Owner in forme above remembred.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That no pson or psons shalbe nominated or appointed to be an High Collector or Collectors for the payment of the second or third Fifteene Tenth or Subsidie graunted by this Act, which before that tyme hath byn a Collector or Collectors for the payment of any or either of the former Fifteenes Tenths or Subsidies, unlesse such pson or psons so to be nominated and appointed High Collector or Collectors for the said second or third Subsidies, doe first shew forth before him or them by whome he shalbe noiated and appointed, his Quietus est for the discharge of his Collection before appointed to his Charge, uppon paine of an Hundred Pounds to be paid and forfeited by him or them that shall so nominate and appoint any such Collector contrary to this psent Act.

P

P

P

P

P

!»'

P

0

V

lift

isN

P

it

11* P *1


P

i i 0 Si

i»

X!

I"

0


ti

0

i

i

is

i\

i

I

I



XXI.

Assewon and Collrcton shall be Inhabitants.

Providbd alwaies, That no pson inhabiting in any Cittie Borough or Towne Corporate, shalbe compelled to be any Assessor or Collector, of or for any part of the said Subsidies, in any Place or Places out of the said Cittie Borough or Towne Corporate where he dweileth.

XXII.

In caseofDcath,Scc. of Collectors, or of Parties chargeable for themselves or others, and sufficient Distress not forthcoming. HighCollectors,&c. shall be discharged of the Money due from such Parties, and Process shall issue against the Parties liable.

And it is alsoe by the said Authoritie enacted, That if any Inhabitantf or Officers, or whatsoever pson or psons charged to and for the Collection and Receipt of any part or portion of the said Subsidies by any maimer of meanes according to this Act, or any pson or psons, for themselves or as Keep Gardian Deputie Factor or Attomy of or for any other pson or psons, for any Goods & Chattellf of the Owner thereof, at the tyme of the said Assessing to be paid, being out of the Realme or in any other parts not knowen, or of or for the Goods and Chattellf of any other pson or psons, of any Corporation Frarnitie Mistery or other whatsoever Cdminaltie, being Corporate or not Corporate, and all psons having in their Rule Governance and Custodie, any Goods or Chattellf at the tyme of the said Assessingf, or any of them to be made, Or which for any Cause for and by Collection, or for himselfe or for any other, or by reason that he hath the Rule Governance or Custodie of any Goods or Chattellf of any other pson or psons, Corporation Comunaltie Fratemitie Guild or Mistery, or any such other like, or as Factor Deputie or Attorny of or for any pson, shalbe taxed rated valued and set to any some or sdmes by reason of this Act, and after the taxation or assessing uppon any such pson or psons as shalbe charged with Receipt of the same, happen to die, or depart from the Place where he was so taxed and sett, or his Goods or Chattellf be so eloyned or in such privie and covert manner kept, as the said pson or psons charged with the same, by Estreates or other Writings from the said Comissioners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the said Comission as is aforesaid, can ne may levy the same some or somes comprised within the same Estreates, by Distresse within the Limittf of their Collection as is aforesaid, or cannott sell such Distresse or

I

1 other 0.

A.D. 162SA.

21° Jac. I. c. 33.

12.57

Distresses as be taken for any of the said paymentf, before the tyme lymitted to the High Collector for his

payment to be made to such Comittees or Comissioners as is aforesaid, then uppon relacion thereof with due

Examination by the Oath or Examinacion of such pson or psons as shalbe charged with and for the Receit and

Colleccion of the same, before the said Comissioners, or as many of them as by the said Comission shalbe thereunto

appointed, where such pson or psons or other as is aforesaid their Goods and Chattellf were sett and taxed, and

uppon plaine Certificate thereof made in the Kings Majesties Exchequer by the same Comissioners, aswell of the

Dwelling Place Names and S5mes of the said psons of whome the said Sdmes cannott be levied and had as is

aforesaid, then aswell the Constable as other Inhabitant? appointed for the same particuler Colleccion, against the

High Collectors, as the High Collector uppon his Accompt and Oath in the said Exchequer, to be discharged thereof;

and Pcesse to be made for the Kings Majestie out of the said Exchequer, by the discrecion of the Barons of the said

Exchequer against such pson, his Heires or Executors so being behind with his payment: And over that, the same Comtmtjionm may

Comissioners to whome any such Declaracion shalbe made in forme aforesaid from tyme to tyme shall have full power to ievy tuch Sum$*

and authoritie to direct their pcept or p>ceptf unto the said pson or psons charged with any some of for and uppon

any such pson and psons or other as is aforesaid, or to any Sheriffe Steward Bayliffe or other whatsoever Officer &c. of Parties

Minister pson or psons of such place or places where any such pson or psons so owing any such some or somes shall

have Land? and Tents or other Hereditamentf, or reall Possessions Goods and Chattellf, whereby any such pson or of their Renu, &c.

p6ons so indebted, his Heires Executors or Assignes or other having the Custodie Governance or Disposicion of any

Goods Chattellf Land? or Tenement? or other Hereditamentf, which ought or may by this Act lawfully be distreyned

or taken for the same, hath and shall have Goods Chattellf Land? Tenement? or other Possessions, whereof such

some or sdmes which by any such pson or psons may or ought to be levied, be it within the lymittf of such

Comission where such pson or psons was or were taxed, or without, in any place within this Realme of England Wales

or other the Kings Majesties Dominions Marches or Territories, by which p*cept aswell such pson or psons shalbe

charged to levie such Mony as the Officer of the Place or Places where such Distresse may be taken, shall have full

power and authoritie to distreine every such pson indebted charged or chargeable by this Act, or his Executors or

Administrators of his Goods and Chattellf, his Gardians Factors Deputies Leassees Farmors and Assignes, and all other

psons by whose Hand? or out of whose Land? any such pson should have Fee Rent Anuitie or other Pffitt, or which

at the tyme of the said assessing, shall have Goods or Chattellf or any other thing moveable of any such pson or psons

being indebted or owing such some ; And the Distresses soe taken, cause to be kept appraised and sold in like manner

and forme as is aforesaid for the Distresse to be taken uppon such psons to be taxed to the said Subsidies, and being

sufficient to distreine within the lymittf of the Collectors Inhabitant? or other Officers charged with or for the said

sdmes so uppon them to be taxed ; And if any such Distresse for non payment happen to be taken out of the lymittf

of the said p6ons charged and assigned to levie, the same p6ons soe charged for the levying of any such somes by

Distresse, shall pceive and take of the same Distresse for the Labour of every pson going for the execucion thereof,

for every myle that any such pson so laboureth for the same, two pence; And every Farmer Tenant Guardian Factor

or other whatsoever pson, being distreyned or otherwise charged for payment of any such some or somes, or any other

some by reason of this Act, shalbe of such some or somes of him or them so levied and taken, discharged and

acquitted at his next day of payment of the same, or at the delivery of such Goods and Chattellf, as he that is so

distreyned had in his Custodie or Governance, against him or them that shalbe so taxed and sett; Any Graunt or

Writing obligatorie, or other whatsoever Matter to the contrary made heretofore notwithstanding: And if any such On Failure of

pson that should be so distreyned have no Land? or Tenement? sufficient whereby he and his Ten*ntf and Farmors ^Viniuioneremay

may be distreyned, or have aliened eloyned or hid his Goods and Chattellf whereby he should or might be distreyned, l,t8tue(lPtr^ceg,(jto

in such manner that such Goods and Chattellf should not be knowen or found, so that the some of or by him to be the Party liable,0

paid in the said forme shall not, ne can be convenientlie levied, then uppon relacion thereof to the Comissioners, or to ^.‘^j^until

as many of them as by the said Comission shalbe thereunto appointed, where such pson or psons was taxed and sett Payment;

by the Oathes of him or them that shalbe charged with the levying and payment of that s5me or somes, the same

Comissioners shall make a p*cept in such manner as is aforesaid, for to attach take and arrest the Bodie of such pson

or psons that ought to pay the said somes, and by this Act shalbe charged with and for the said some and somes, and

them soe taken safelie to keepe in Prison within the Shire or other Place, where any such pson or psons shalbe taken

and attached, there to remayne without Baile or Mainprise untill he hath paid the said some or somes, that such pson

for himselfe or for any other by this Act shalbe chargeable or ought to be charged withall, and alsoe for the Fees of

such Arrest to him or them that shall execute such p>cept, Twentie pence; And that every Officer to whome such

jPcept shalbe directed, doe his true diligence and execute the same uppon every pson soe being indebted, uppon paine

to forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every default in that behalfe, Twentie shilling? ; And that no Keep of any Gaole,

from his Gaole suffer any such pson to goe at large by letting to Baile, or otherwise to depart out of his Prison before

he have paid his said Debt and the said Twentie pence for the said Arrest, upon paine to forfeit to the King? Majestie

Fortie shilling?, and the same Gaoler to pay to the King? Majestie the double value, aswell of the rate which the

said pson soe imprisoned was taxed at, as of the said twentie pence for the Fees: And like Pc esse and Remedy in like Like Process

forme shalbe graunted by the said Comissioners, or as many of them as by the said Comission shalbe thereunto

appointed, at like Information of every pson or psons being charged with any some of Mony for any other pson or -« s

psons by reason of the said Subsidies, and not thereof paid but wilfully withdrawen, nor the some leviable within the

Lymittf where such psons were thereunto taxed: And if the some or somes being behind unpaid by any pson or Certificate of all

psons as is aforesaid, be levied and gathered by force of the said Pcesse to be made by the said Comissioners, or if in X-'Exchequer

defalt or for lacke of payment thereof, the pson or psons soe owing the said some or somes of Mony by pcesse of the


14 R

1258

21° Jac. I. c. 33.

A.D. 1623-4.

Collector* and Officer* disobeying Commissioners, Persons refusing to appear or to be examined, or being guilty of any Misbehariour, may be fined and imprisoned by Commissioners.

XXIII. Allowance to High Collectors, 6d. in the Pound, for themselves. Under Collectors, and Commissioners.

XXIV. Members of Parliament, Commissioners, &c. shall not be Collectors, &c.

Collectors shall not pay Fees at the Exchequer.

same Comissions to be made as is aforesaid, be comitted to Prison in forme abovesaid, that then the said Comissioners which shall award such Pcesse, shall make Certificate thereof in the said Exchequer of that shalbe done in the ^misses in the Terme next following after such some or sdmes of Mony soe being behind, shalbe levied and gathered, or such pson or psons for non payment of the same comitted to Prison: And if it happen any of the said Collectors to be assigned, or any Maiors Sherifff Stewardf Constables the Headborough Bursholder Bayliffe or any other Officer or Minister or other whatsoever pson or psons, to disobey the said Cdmissioners or any of them, in the reasonable Request to them made by the said Comissioners for the execucion of the said Comission, Or if any of the Officers or other psons doe refuse that to them shall appertayne and belonge to doe, by reason of any p>cept to him or them to be directed, or any reasonable comaundement instance or request touching the p>misses, or other default in any Appearance or Collec£6n to make, or if any pson beinge suspected not to be indifferentlie taxed as is aforesaid, doe refuse to be examyned according to the tenor of this Acte before the said Comissioners, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto assigned as is aforesaid, or will not appeare before the same Cdmissioners uppon warninge to him made, or els make resistans or rescues uppon any Distresse uppon him to be taken for any parcell of the said Subsidies, or edmitt any misbehavior in any manner of wise contrary to this Acte, or edmitt any wilfull Omission or other whatsoever willfull doeinge or misdoeinge, contrary to the tenor of this Acte or Graunt; the same Cdmissioners and every nomber of them above remembred, or two of them at the least, uppon pbable knowledge of any such Misdemeanors had by Informacion or Examynac&n, shall and may sett uppon such Offendor for every such Offence, in the name of a fyne by the same Offender to be forfeited, Fortie shillingf or under, by discrecion of the said Cdmissioners ; And further, the same Cdmissioners and every nomber of them, or two of them at the least, shall have authoritie by this psent Acte to punish every such Offendor by imprisonment, there to remayne and to be delivered by their discrecion as shall seeme to them convenient, the said Fynes, if any such be, to be certified by the said Cdmissioners that soe assessed the same into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer, there to be leavyed and paid by the Collectors of that parte for the Subsidies Tetomed into the said Exchequer, to be therewith charged with the payment of the said Subsidies, in such manner as if the said Fynes had bene sett and taxed uppon the said Offendors for the said Subsidies.

And be it alsoe enacted by the said Authoritie of this p>sent Parliament, That every of the said High Collectors which shall account for any parte of the said Subsidies in the said Exchequer, uppon their severall Accomptf to be yeelded, shalbe allowed at every of the Paymentf of the said Subsidies for every Pound lymitted to his Colleccion, whereof any such Collector shalbe charged and yeald Accompt, Six Pence as parcell of their Charge, that is to say. Of every Pound thereof for such psons as have had the pticuler Colleccion of the Townes and other Places as is aforesaid specified in his Colleccion, Two Pence, and other Two Pence of every Pound thereof every of the said cheife Collectors or other Accomptantf to reteyne to their owne use, for their Labour and Charge in and about the p>misses, and Two Pence of everie Pounde Residue to be delivered allowed and paid by the said Collector soe beinge thereof allowed, to such of the Comissioners as shall take uppon them the Busines and Labour for and about the pmisses, that is to say, Every Collector to pay that Comissioner or Comissioners which had the orderinge of the writeing of and for every of the said Subsidies, where the said Collector or Collectors had their Colleccion, for the Expences for the said Comissioners soe takinge uppon them the said Busynes, and Labour of their Clarkes writeinge the said Preceptf and Extractf of the said Collectors ; the said last Two Pence of every Pound to be devided amonge the said C5missioners having regard to their Labour and Busines taken by them and their said Clarkes in and about the p>misses, for which parte soe to the said Comissioners appertayninge, the said Comissioners Sixe Five Fower Three or Twoe, or as many of them as shalbe thereunto appointed by the Kings Majesties Comission, and every of them joyntlie and severallie for his and their said parte, may have his Remedie against the said Collector or Collectors which thereof byn or might have allowed by Accion of Debt, in which the Defendant shall not wage his Lawe neiiuer Proteccion neither Injunccion or Essoine shalbe allowed.

And that noe pson nowe beinge of the nomber of the Company of this psent Parliament, nor any Comissioner, shalbe named or assigned to be any Collector Sub Collector or Presenter of the said Subsidies or any parte thereof, nor any Cdmissioners shalbe compelled to make any psentment or Certificate, other then into the Kings Majesties said Exchequer, of for or concerninge the said Subsidies or any parte or parcell thereof: And likewise that noe other pson that shalbe named and assigned to be Comissioner in any Place to and for the Execucion of this Acte of Subsidies be or shalbe assigned or named Head Collector of any of the Paymentf of the said Subsidies neither of any parte thereof; And that every such pson or psons which shalbe named and appointed as is aforesaid to be Head Collectors of and for the Payment of the said first Subsidie or of any parte thereof, shall not be compelled to be Collector for the Payment of the second Subsidie nor for any parte thereof; And he that shalbe named or appointed as aforesaid to be Collector for the Payment of the said second Subsidie shall not be compelled to be Collector so. the Payment of the third Subsidie or any part thereof: And the said Collectors which shalbe assigned for the Colleccion of the said Three Subsidies or any part thereof, and every of them be and shalbe acquited and discharged of all manner of Fees Rewardf and of every other Charges in the Kings Majesties Exchequer or elsewhere of them or of any of them, by reason of that Colleccbn Payment or Accomptf or any thinge concerninge the same to be asked; And that if any pson receave or take any Fees Rewardf or Pleasures of any such Accomptant, or use any unnecessarie delay in their Accomptf, that then he shall forfeit to the Kings Majestie for every Penny or value of every Penny or Pennyworth soe taken, Five Shillingf, and Five Pounds to the Partie greeved, for every such delaye, and suffer Imprisonment at the Kings Majesties pleasure.

p

I*


pi

it

/>

it

4'

V

fd

*1

i It

it


H

0

ii

a

r.

M

A

i

rl

c

r

E

t;

a

P

h

i

i

i

i

1

i

i


11


i

A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 33

1259

And after every such taxinge and assessinge of the said severall Subsidies as is aforesaide had or made, and the XXV. said Extractf thereof in Parchment unto the Collector in manner and forme before rehearsed delivered, the said &c. O^miuiooen

Comissioners which shall take uppon them the Execucion of this Acte within the Lymittf of their Comission by their

Agreementf shall have Meetingf together, at which Meetinge every of the said Comissioners which then shall have Awi«menu,*^th taken uppon them the Execucion of any part of the said Cdmission, shall by himselfe or his sufficient Deputie truelie of

certifie and bringe forth unto the said Comissioners named in the said Comission, the Cerdficate and Presentment Fine*, tee. made before him and such other Comissioners as were lymitted with him in one lymitt, soe that the same Certificate may be accounted and cast with the other Certificatf of the other lymittf within the same Comission; and then the said Comissioners and every nomber of them, unto twoe at the least as is aforesaid, if any be in life, or their Executors or Administrators of their Goods if they then be dead, shall joyntlie and severallie as they were devided within their lymittf, under their Seales by their discrecion make one or severall writings indented, conteyning in itt aswell the Names of the said Collectors by the Comissioners for such Colleccion and Accounts in the Exchequer and

Payment into the Hands of such Comittees or Comissioners as is aforesaid deputed and assigned, as the grosse and

severall S5mes written unto every such Collectors to receive the said Subsidies, and alsoe all Fynes Amerciamentf and other Forfeitures, if any such by reason of this Acte happen to be within the Precinct and Lymitt of their Comission to be certified into the Kings Majesties Exchequer by the said Comissioners ; in which Writinge or Writings indented soe to be certified, shalbe playnelie declared and expressed the whole and entire some or sdmes of the said Subsidies severallie lymitted to the Collecf&n of the said Collectors severallie deputed and assigned to the Colleccfin of the said sdmes, soe that none of the said Collectors soe certified in the said Exchequer shalbe compelled there to account or to be charged, but onelie to and for the somes lymitted to his Colleccion, and not to and for any some lymitted to the Colleccion of his Fellowe, but every of them shalbe severallie charged for their parte lymitted to their Colleccion : And if the said Comissioners joyned in one Comission amongest themselves Stpame in that Matter cannot agree, or if any of them be not ready or refuse to make Certificate with other of the same be made, where Comissioners, That then the said Comissioners may make severall Indentures in forme aforesaid of their severall Commissioner*

do not Ell agree.

Lymittf or seperacions of Collectors within the Limittf of their Co mission uppon and in the Hundreds Wards

Wapentakes Lathes Rapes or such other like Divisions within the severall limittf of their Comistion as the Places there

shall require to be severed and divided, and as to the same Comissioners shall seeme good to make Divisions of their

Limittf or Colleccions for the severall Charges of the same Collectors; Soe that alway one Collector shalbe charged Collector* *h*U

and accompt for his part to him to be lymitted onelie by himselfe and not for any some lymitted to the part of any respective Diitrict*.

of his Fellowes; And the Charges of every of the Collectors to be sett and certified severally uppon them, and every

such Collector uppon his Accompt and Payment of the some of Mony limitted within his Colleccion, to be severally

by himselfe acquitted and discharged in the said Exchequer without paying any manner Fees or Rewardf to any

manner pson or psons for the same, uppon payne and penaltie last abovesaid, and not to be charged for any porcion

of any other Collector: And if any Comissioner after he hath taken Certificate of them that as is aforesaid shalbe *£"ut£^’of

before any such Cdmissioners examined, and the somes rated and sett and the Bookes and Writings thereof being in Commiuioner* or

his Hands; or if any Collector or other pson charged with any Receit of any part of the said Subsidies, or any other

pson taxed or otherwise by this Act charged with or for any parcell of the said Subsidies or with any other Some complete their

Fine AiSciament Penaltie or other Forfeiture, happen to die before the Comissioners Collectors or other whatsoever Dutl*'

pson or psons have executed accomplished satisfied or sufficientlie discharged that which to every such pson shall

appertayne or belonge to doe according to this Act, then the Executors and Heires of any such pson and all other

seized of any Lands and Tenementf that any such pson being charged by this Act, and deceasing before he be

discharged thereof, or any other to his use onelie had of Estate of Inheritance at the tyme that any such pson was

named Comissioner Collector or otherwise charged with or for any manner of thing to be done satisfied or paid by

reason of this Act; and all those which have in their Possession or Hands any Goods Chattellf Leases or other

Things that were to any such pson or psons at the tyme of his death, or any Lands or Tenementf that were the

same psons at the time he was as is aforesaid charged with this Act, shalbe by the same compelled and charged to doe

and accomplish in every case as the same pson so being charged should have done or might have bene compelled to doe

if he had ben in plaine life, after such rate of the Lands and Goods of the said Comissioner or Collector as the Partie

shall have in his Hands : And if the said Comissioners, for causes reasonable them moving, shall thinke it not convenient Form of the Fir*t

to joyne in one Certificate as is aforesaid, then the said pson or psons that shall first joyne together, or he that shall Certificate*1'"1

first certifie the said Writing indented as is aforesaid, shall certifie all the Names of the Comissioners of that Comission, where »>1 the

whereuppon such writing shalbe there then to be certified with division of the Hundreds Wapentakes Wards Tythingf d, not join.

and other Places, to and amonge such Comissioners of the same Comission, with the Names of the same Cdmissioners

where such Seperacions and Divisions shalbe, with the grosse Sdmes of Mony aswell of and for the said Subsidies taxed or

sett of or within the said Hundreds Wards Wapentakes or other Places to him or them divided or assigned that shall soe

certifie the said first writing as of the Fines AtQciamentf Penalties and other Forfeitures, if any happen to be within the

same Lymittf whereof the same writings shalbe certified; And after such writings indented which as is aforesaid shalbe

certified and not contayne in it the whole and full sdmes sett and taxed within the Limittf of the same Cdmission, the

other Cdmissioners of the same before the day of Payment of the said Subsidie, shall certifie into the said Exchequer

by their writing or writings indented to be made as aforesaid, the grosse and severall sdmes set and taxed within the

Places to them limitted for every of the said Subsidies and other Fines Amerciamentf Penalties and Forfeitures with

the Names of the Hundreds Wards Wapentakes and other Places to them assigned, or eke by their said writing

indented to certifie at the same Place before the same day of Payment, such reasonable causes for their Excuses why

they may not make such Certificate of and for the said Subsidies Fines Amerciamentf and other Forfeitures growing or

GCK 'git!

Origirval from

1260

21° Jac. 1. c. 33.

A.D. 1623A.

XXVI. Stamford Baron shall be rated with the Borough of Stamford.

XXVII. Persons having Lands and Spiritual Possessions, and Personal Property, shall be charged for Lands, &c. or for Personalty only, according to the highest Rate, and not doubly charged.

XXVIII. Exemption for Lands, Personalty, and Offices, in Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, and Guernsey.

XXIX. Proviso for English Inhabitants of Berwick.

XXX.

Proviso for Liberties of Cities in respect to future Subsidies:

[J« § VI.]

XXXI.

Exemption for Personalty of Orphans, See.

XXXII. Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, Winchester, Eton, Hospitals, &c.

set by reason of the causes of their lettf or of their not certifying as is aforesaid, or els in default thereof pcesse to be made out of the Kings Majesties said Exchequer against the said Comissioners and of every of them not making Certificate as is aforesaid by the discrecion of the Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequer.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid, That the Inhabitant? of the Parishe of S' Martine called Stamford Baron, in the Suburbs of the Borough and Towne of Stamford in the South part of the Water there called Welland?, which hereafter shalbe contributory to the payment of these psent Subsidies graunted to the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, shalbe assessed rated and taxed for the same by such Comissioners as shalbe appointed for the taxing rating and sessing of the said Subsidies within the Counde of Lincolne, and shalbe for the same contributory and pay the said Subsidies to the Collector or Collectors which shalbe assigned and appointed for the levying and gathering of the same, with the Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Borough and Towne of Stamford.

Provided alwaies and be it further enacted by the authoride aforesaid, That all and every pson and psons having Mannors Land? Tenementf and other Hereditament? chargeable to the payment of the said Subsidies graunted to the Kings Majestie by this Act, and also having Spirituall Possessions chargeable to his said Majestie by the Graunt made by the Clergie of this Realme in their Convocacion, and over this having Substance in Good? and Chattellf chargeable by this said Act, that then if any of the said pson or psons be hereafter charged assessed and taxed for the said Mannors Land? and Tenement? and Spirituall Possessions, and also charged assessed and taxed for his and their Good? and Chattellf, that then he or they shalbe only charged by vertue of this Acte for his and their said Mannors Land? Tenementf Hereditameutf and Spirituall Possessions, or onelie for his said Good? and Chattellf, the best thereof to be taken for the Kings Majestie, and not to be charged for both or double charged for any of them; Any thing in this Act contayned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alwaies. That this Graunt of Subsidies, or any thing therein contayned, in any wise extend not to charge the Inhabitant? dwelling in Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnesey, or any of them, of for or concerning any Mannors Land? Tenementf or other Possessions Good? Chattellf or other moveable Substance which the said Inhabitant? or Dwellers, or any others to their use, have within Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnesey, or in any of them, or of for or concerning any Fees or Wages which any of the said Inhabitant? or Dwellers have of the Kings Majestie for their Attendance and doing Service to our Soveraigne Lord the Kings Majestie in Scotland Ireland Jersey and Garnesey, or in any of them ; Any thing in this psent Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also, That this psent Act of Subsidies ne any thing therein contayned, extend to charge the Maior Bayliifes and Burgesses of the Borough of Barwicke uppon Tweed or any of the Englishe Inhabitant? or Resiantf in the said Towne of Barwicke, of for or concerning any Mannors Land? Tenementf or other Possessions Good? Cattellf or other moveable substance wdl the said Englishe Inhabitant? or Dwellers or any other to their use have within the said Towne of Barwick, or of for or con&iing any Fees or Wages which any of the English Inhabitant? or Dwellers have of the Kings Majestie for their Attendance or doing Service to the Kings Majestie for or within the said Towne of Barwick, to or for the said taxing levying gathering or payment, but that the Englishe Inhabitant? and Resiantf and every of them of the said Towne, shalbe of and from the said Subsidies and every parcell thereof onelie for their Mannors Land? Tenementf Fees Wages Good? and Cattellf lying and being in the said Towne utterlie acquitted and discharged ; Any thing in this psent Act before rehearsed to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, That all Ires Patent? graunted to the Kings Majestie or any of his most Noble Progenitors, to any Citties Boroughes or Townes within this Realme, of any manner of Liberties Priviledges or Exempcions from the Burthen and Charge of any such Grauntes of Subsidies which be at this psent tyme in force and available, shall remaine good and effectuall to the said Citties Boroughs and Townes hereafter according to the purport thereof, although the Inhabitant? of the same and also the said Corporacions shall uppon the great and weightie consideracions of their Grant abovesaid, be for this Grant charged and contributory in like manner forme and sort as other Cities Boroughes and Townes which be not in any wise priviledged, but to this Act charged.

Provided alwaies and be it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid, That no Orphan or Infant within the Age of One and twentie yeares, borne within any of the King? Dominions, shalbe charged to any payment of theise Subsidies for his or her Good? and Chattellf to him or her left or bequeathed; Any thing in this Act contayned to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also That this Act nor any thing therein contayned shall extend to the Good? or Land? of any Colledge Hall or Hostell within the UnivWies of Oxford and Cambridge or any of them, or to the Good? or Land? of the Colledge of Winton, founded by Bishopp Wickham, or to the Good? or Land? of the College of Eaton next Windsor, or to the Land? Tenement? or Revenews onlie assigned or appointed for the Sustentadon and Living of the poore Knight?, founded in the Castle or College of Windsor by our late Soveraigne Lord King Henry the Eight, or to any of the Good? or Chattellf of the same Knight? or any of them, or to the Good? or Land? of any edmon Free Grammar Schoole within the Realme of England or Wales, or to the Good? of any Reader Schoolemaster or Scholler or any Graduate or resiant or remayning for Studie without Fraude or Covine within any of the said Univ’sities and Colledges or Townes of Cambridge and Oxford or Suburbs of the same or to any of them, or to

4

i*

4

V

t*

4

i»i

ti

j»i

iss

ill

I



it


l\

i

fa

n

fa

i

i

i


J

A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 33

1261

anie there servant? dailie attending uppon anie of them, nor to the Goods of any Officer Minister Almesmen or Servant? belonging to any of the said Universities Colledges Halles or Hostellf, or dwelling and resiant within the said UniPsides or either of them, or within either of the said Townes of Oxford and Cambridge and the Suburbs of the same, without Fraude or Covin, or to the Goods and Land? of any Hospitall Maisondieu or Spittlehouse Spared and used for the Sustentadon and Reliefe of poore People; Any thing in this Act contayned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided also and be it further enacted, That the said Graunte of Subsidies or any thing therein contayned, do not in any wise extend or be f^judiciall or hurtfull to any of the Inhabitant? or Resiant? having dwelt for the most part of the yeare next before the taxing and assessing of these Subsidies as aforesaid, within the Five Port? corporate or to any their Members incorporated or united to the same Five Port? or to any of the said Five Port?, but that such the Inhabitant? or Resiant? as aforesaid in the said Five Port? Corporate and their Members, be and shalbe of and from the said Graunte and Payment of every of the said Subsidies and every part thereof, and only during such their Resiance as aforesaid and no longer, deerelie discharged and acquitted; Any Matter or whatsoever thing in this Psent Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, That the said Graunt of Subsidies and Fifteenes and Tenths, doe not in any wise extend or be pjudiciall or hurtfull to the English Inhabitant? or Resiant? at this psent tyme within the Libdes of Rumney Marshe of or for any part of the said s5mes graunted in this psent Parliament of the said English Inhabitant? now there [resiant1 ] or any of them to be taxed set asked levied or paid; but that the said English Inhabitant? and now Resiant? of Rumney Marshe aforesaid and every of them be and shalbe of and from the said Graunt and Payment of the said Subsidies and Fifteenes and Tenthes during their Resiance there and no longer acquitted and discharged; Any Matter and whatsoever Thing in this present Act made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided neverthelesse and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That if any Alien or Straunger borne, Denizen or not Denizen, and dwelling or inhabiting within this Realme of England, shall assigne or convey over unto his or their Childe or Children borne within this said Realme of England any his or their Land? Tenement? Good? or Chattell?, to the intent thereby to defraud the King? Majestie of his said Subsidies of or for the same, That then all and every such Childe or Children soe being seised of any such Land? and Tenement?, or possessed of any such Good? or Chattell?, shalbe charged and chargeable to and with the payment of double the said Subsidies for the same Land? Tenement? Good? and Chattell? at the said Rates and 'Values, as Aliens and Straungers Denizens or not Denizens, are before lymitted and appointed to pay.

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That all the s5mes of Money by this Psent Act given and graunted to the uses aforesaid, shalbe paid by the severall Collectors thereof appointed by this Act to collect and receive the same, unto the said Treasurers by this psent Act nominated and expressed as aforesaid; And that the Acquittances of any foure or more of the said Treasurers under their Hand? and Seales, testifying the Receit of the Monies or the Inrollement thereof to be for that purpose kept by his Majesties Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer, shall be unto the said Collector and Collectors a full and sufficient discharge in that behalfe, which Inrollement shalbe so made uppon request without Fee and without delay.

And to the end that all and every the somes of Money by this psent Act graunted as aforesaid, and alsoe to be collected and expended as aforesaid, may be truly expended for and toward? the uses aforesaid and not otherwise, according to your Majesties owne gracious desire; Be it further enacted, That the Monies to be received by the said Treasurers by vertue of this Act shalbe issued out and expended for or toward? the uses aforesaid to such pson and p6ons and in such manner and forme as by the Warrant of George Lord Carew, Foulke Lord Brooke, Oliver Lord Viscount Grandison of Limbericke within the Realme of Ireland, Arthur Lord Chichester, Sir Edward Cecill Knight, Sir Edward Conway Knight, One of the Principall Secretaries to his Majestie Sir Horace Vere Knight, Sir Robert Maunsell Knight, Sir John Ogle Knight, and Sir Thomas Button Knight, which ten p6ons before menc&ned his Majestie hath alreadie nominated and hath made choise of to be of his Councell for the Warre, or any Five or more of them, whereof Two of them to be of his Majesties most Honorable Privie Councell, under their Hand? and Seales shalbe directed and not otherwise; And such Warrant and Warrant? of the said Councellors of Warre or of any Five of them, whereof Two to be of the Privie Councell as aforesaid, together with the Acquittances of those psons who shall receive those Monies according to those Warrant? or the Inrollement thereof to be for that purpose likewise kept by his Majesties Remembrancer of the said Court of Exchequer shall be unto the said Treasurers and every of them their Heires Executors and Administrators a full and sufficient Discharge.

And be it enacted, That the said Eight Tresurers shall and may out of their Receipt? retaine and be allowed the some of Foure hundred Pound? for or toward? the Paines and Attendance of such Servant? as they must necessarilie use in and about this Service, that is to saie; the some of Fiftie Pound? for the Servaunt or Servaunt? of every of those Eight Treasurers.

And be it further enacted, That aswell the said Tresurers as the said psons appointed for the Councell of Warr as aforesaid, and all other psons who shalbe trusted with the receiving issuing bestowing and imploying of these Monies or any part thereof, their Heires Executors and Administrators shalbe aunswerable and accountable for their

1 resiants O.


14 S


XXXIII. Exemption for the Cinque Ports.

XXXIV. Exemption for the English Inhabitants of Romney Marsh.

XXXV. Children of Aliens to whom Lands or Goods are assigned in Evasion of this Act, shall pay Double Rates.

XXXVI. Collectors shall pay Money levied under this Act to the Treasurers appointed, whose Receipts shall be Discharges to such Collectors.

XXXVII.

To secure the Application of Money levied under this Act, the same shall be issued by the Warrant of certain Counsellors of War herein named for that Purpose; which Warrant and the Receipt of the Parties to whom issued, shall be a Discharge to the Treasurers.

XXXVIII. sS+oo allowed for Expences of Treasurers.

XXXIX.

1262

21° Jac. I. c. 33.

A.D. 162S-4.

Treasurers, doings or pceedingf herein to the Comons in Parliament when they shalbe thereunto required by Warrant under the

sUjT° lount* o the Hand of the Speaker of the House of Comons for the tyme bring, and there they and every of them, according to

House of Commons their severall Places and Imploymentf, shall give a true and reall Declaracion and Accompt of their severall and

the Money Uvled0*^ respective dealingf doings and pceedingf therein; and that the said Comons in Parliament shall have power by this

under this Act. Act to heare and de?mine the said Accompt and all things thereto appertayning.

XL. Accounts shall be kept for that Purpose by the Council of War.

XLI. Offenders, not Peers, may be committed to the Tower by the House of Commons:

If Peers, by the House of Peers.

XLII. Further Censure and Punishment oi Offenders.

XLIII. Oaths to be taken by the Treasurers and Council of War for Performance of their Trusts;

To be in rolled in Chancery.

XLIV. Charge of foreign Services shall be defrayed under this Act.

No Arrears to be paid under this Act. No Fees for collecting or issuing Money under this Act.

And be it further enacted, That for the better ^paracion of these things for the examinacion of the House of Comons, and for the more frugall expending of the Monies given by this Act, that the said Councell of Warre or any five or more of them as aforesaid, or such pson or psons as they or any five or more of them shall under their Hands nominate and appoint, shall by vertue of this Act have power, and by vertue of this Act are required from tyme to tyme to take Accompt of all pson and psons of and for all such somes of Mony as shalbe issued to any pson or psons to the uses aforesaid, and how they have expended and bestowed the same: Provided alwaies, That such Accompt be taken by the said Councell of Warre as aforesaid, shall not exclude the power of the House of Comons to examine the said Accomptf, and determine the same as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That when the Comons in Parliament have heard examined and determined the Dealingf Doings and Pceedingf of any the psons aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this Act, that then and in every such case, the Offender or Offenders bring no Lord or Lords of Parliament shall by the House of Comons be comitted to the Tower of London, there to remayne close Prisoners untill by Order of the House of Comons they be delivered; And if any the Lords of Parliament shalbe found Offenders, then the C5mons in Parliament shall psent their Offence to the Lords in Parliament, and thereuppon the Lords in Parliament shall have power by vertue of this Act to heare examine and determine the Offence so p’sented, and to c5mitt them likewise to the Tower of London, there to remayne close Prisoners untill by Order of that House they shalbe delivered.

And be it further enacted, That the Offender and Offendors in every such case shall undergoe such further Censure and Punishment as to Justice shall appertaine, according to the Qualitie of the Offence, and according to the Judgement of either House respectivelie.

And to the end that aswell the said Councell of Warre as the said Treasurers may the better observe and pforme the Trust aforesaid comitted unto them, Be it further enacted, That they shall severallie and distinctlie take theise respective Oathes following, that is to saie, the said Treasurers shall take this Oath following: You shall sweare that you, being appointed one of the Treasurers for the receiving of the Three Subsidies and Three Fifteenes and Tenths graunted by the Temporaltie, shall not issue any part of those Monies which shalbe paid into your Hands, or unto the Hands of any other by your Appointment or Consent, without the speciall Warrant of those psons which are by his Majesrie appointed to be of his Councell for the Warres, and in this Act nominated, or of five of them at the least, whereof two of them to be such as are of his Majesties Privie Councell under their Hands, In every of [such' ] Warrant or Warrantf there shalbe expressed that those Monies for which such Warrant is given are to be issued for some of those Ends mencioned in this pPsent Act. And the said Councell of Warre shall take this Oath following : You shall sweare that you, being one of the Councell of Warre chosen by his Majestie and nominated in this Act, shall make no Warrant for any Monies to be issued which are given by this jPsent Act, but for some of those Ends which are expressed in this Act, and that all such Warrantf as shalbe made by you, shall mencion in them that those Monies are to be imployed according to the true meaning of this Act, and to the best of your Meanes you shall imploy the same accordingly. Both the said Oathes to be taken before the Lord Keep of the Greate Seale or Master of the Rolles for the tyme being, within one weeke after the end of this p>sent Session of Parliament, and the taking of their Oath to be entred of Recorde in Chauncery.

And be it further enacted, That for all and every the severall Services or Purposes mencioned in this Act to be pformed in any part beyond the Seas, the Charge thereof shalbe defraied from tyme to tyme out of the Treasure raised and given by this Act and not otherwise, either for Armes Coate or Conduct Mony or otherwise; And that no part of this Mony shalbe disposed of but for the ends mencioned in this Act, and not for the satisfying of any Arrerages due before the beginning of this Parliament; And because theise Monies are given for the publique Service of the whole Kingdome, and not for any private End, that therefore there shalbe no Fees required by any pson whatsoever for the collecting receiving issuing expending or disposing of any part of these Monies given or granted by this Act, but that the same shalbe done freelie without anie Fee Reward Allowance or Defalcacion whatsoever, other then is particulerlie mencioned in this Act.

1 wch O.

I


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 34.

1263

CHAPTER XXXIV.

An Acte for Confirmacbn of sower Subsidies graunted by the Clergye.

TXTHERE the Prelatf and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, for divers weightie Considerations, respecting

Vt his Majesties extraordinarie Occasions, have lovinglie and liberallie given and graunted to the Kings most excellent Majesty, Foure whole and entire Subsedies of Foure shillingf in the Pound, to be taken and levied of all and singuler their Pmoc6ns Spirituall within the same Province, at such dayes and tymes and in such Stable manner and forme, and with such Excepc&ns and ^visions, as be specified and delivered in a certaine Instrument by them thereof made, and delivered unto the Kings Majesde, under the Seale of the most Reverend Father in God George now Archbishopp of Canterbury and Primate of all England; Which Instrument is now exhibited in this psent Parlament to be ratified and confirmed: The Tenor whereof ensueth in these Words:

Preexcellentissimo & Inclytissimo in Xpo Principi, & I>no nro Clementissimo, Dno Jacobo, Dei gra Anglie Scocie Francie & Hibnie Regi, Fidei Defensori, &c. Georgius Divina Pvidencia Cantuar Archiepus, tocius Angt Primas & Metropolitanus, omigenam subjeccoem & obedienciam, sed & felicitatem & salutem, in ipo p quern Reges regnant & Principes dominant': Serenissime vre Majestati p psens publicum Instrument, sive has nras testimoniales Iras, humillime notum facim9, qd Prelati & Clerus Provincie nre Cantuar, in ConvocafiOe sive sacra Synodo Pvinciali, Vigore & Authoritate bris vn Regii, nob directi, in Domo Capitulari Ecctie vre Catbis SCi Pauli Londofi, vicesimo die Februarii Anno Dni juxta cursum & computac&em Ecctie Anglicane, Mittimo sexcentesimo vicesimo Ptio, ex condnuac&e & progac&e ejusd, inchoat & celebrata, ac de die in diem et loco in locum usq^ ad & in tricesimu diem psentis mensis Aprilis, Anno mittimo sexcentesimo vicesimo quarto post Meridiem eciam continuata & progata in Ecctia Collegiata bti Petri Westni, eodem tricesimo die Psentis mensis Aprilis legittime congregati, p quibusdam arduis & urgentibj causis p nos eis ppositis, ac in? eos matura considersc&e & delifeacSe ponderatis, p defensione Vro£ Regnoj> & Dniop necnon & p eoj erga Regiam vram sublimitatem observancia & obsequio, Quatuor ultronea spontanea & voluntaria Subsidia, magnificencie vre Regie unanimi eop consensu & uniformi assensu dederunt & concesserunt, put tenore Psentis publici Instrument)', (seriem concessions hujusmodi m se continentis,) plenius liquet & apparet; HumiliP & obnixe Majestati vre Regie supplicantes quatenus hec eop quatuor Subsidia p solita vra Clemencia benigne accipiatis, ac bene consulere g*ciose dignemini: Tenor vero f?d2e Concessionis sequit' de Pbo bi {’bum, & est tails:

Most Gracious Soveraigne, your Majesties faithfull Subjects the Prelatf and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, being called together by the authoritie of your Highnes Writt, and at this Psent being orderlie assembled in a Pvinciall Synode or Convocaf&n, maturely consideringe with themselves that greate and bounden Duty which by the rules of the sacred Scripture they doe owe unto your gracious Majestie as to their Soveraigne Lord, and soe bountifull a nursing Father of the Church, and especiallie for the continuance of the Gospell soe happilie and without mixture preached amongest them, and also for the extraordinarie Peace and Tranquillitie both of Body and Mynde, which by the admired goodnes of God (yet by your meanes) they doe enjoy beyond other Nacions and Countryes, that doe lye neere unto them ; And moreover as obedient Subjects well weighing the singuler Care which your Majestie hath for the well guidinge and goveminge of all that people which is by God comitted to your Charge; And lastlie, not forgetting those great Expences whereat your Majestie is now, and hereafter is more like to be, aswell for the honorable sustentafftn of your Royal Estate, as for the necessarie defence of this your Realme of England, and your other Dominions, whereby is like to growe the safety of Religion both at Home and Abroad, and of all your well affected Subjects, as a special! and significant testimony of their loyall Affeccftn, and of that Service which they doe owe; with one Agreement and uniforme Consent have given and graunted, and by these psentf doe give and graunt to your Highnes your Heires and Successors, Foure whole and entire Subsidies of Foure shillingf in the Pound, in manner and forme as here followeth, That is to say; That every Archbishop Bishop Deane Archdeacon Provost Master of Colledge Prebendarie Parson and Vicar and every other pson and psons of whatsoever Name or Degree he or they be within the Province of Canterbury, havinge or enjoyinge any Spiritual! Promoc&n or other Temporall Possession to the same Spirituall Promocftn annexed, now not divided nor sepated by Act of Parliament or otherwise, from the possession of the Clergie, shall pay to your Highnes your Heires and Successors, for e9y Pound that he may yerely receive and dispend by reason of the said Spirituall Pmocftn, the some of Fower shillingf for every of the said Foure Subsedies; And for the true and certayne value of all the ■Pmoc&ns and every of them, whereof the paymentf of these Foure Subsedies shalbe made, the Rate Taxa£6n ValuafOn and Estimacon now remayning of Record in your Majesties Court of Exchequer for the payment of a ppetuali Disme or Tenth graunted unto Kinge Henry the Eight of worthy Memory, in the six and twentith yere of his Raigne, concerning such PromocSns as now be in the Possession of the Clergie, shall onely be followed and observed, without making any other Valuac&n Rate Taxac&n or Estimad&n, then in the said Record is comprised : Provided alwayes, That forasmuch that the tenth parte of the said Rate and Valuacon before menc&ned, is yearlie payed to your Highnes for the said ppetuali Disme or Tenth, soe as there remayne onely nyne parts yearely to the Incumbent cleare, These Foure Subsedies of Foure Shillingf of the pound shalbe understood and meant onely of every full pound of the said nyne parts and nothinge for any other Money not amounting to a full pound: And your Prelatf and Clergie doe alsoe graunt that these Foure Subsidies of Fower Shillingf of the full pound of the nyne parts of the yearely value of every Spirituall Promoc&n aforesaid within the said Province taxed as is aforesaid, shall be paid to your Majestie your Heires and Successors in

Grant, by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury, of Four Subsidies of 4a. in the Pound

Tenor of the said Grant s

Motive! for this Grant:

Grant of Four Subsidies of 4!. in the Pound each, on all Spiritual Promotion!, ai valued to the King'! Tenth under St. *6 H.VIII. c.J.

but parable on Nine-Tenths only;

Times of Payment of the said Subiidies, vis.

1264

21° Jac. I. c. 34.

A.D. 1623-4.

The First to be due, in one Psyment, on nt June 1624; the Tliree others, in Two Half-yearly Payment!, on l»t Dec. k 1st June 1624, j, 6, 7.

Clerk’. Fee

on Acquittance to Collector!:

Subsidies not payable on the First Year after Promotion ; and compounding for First Fruits s

Bishops, Ice. shall be Collectors:

Payments shall be received from Collectors when tendered by them;

and Accounts be taken by Auditors, &c. Penalty j£io.

manner and forme following, That is to say; The whole payment of the first of these Fower Subsedies, videh, Foure shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid, to be due at and uppon the first day of June now next ensuinge, which shalbe in this p>sent yeare of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundred twentie and foure ; And the first payment and moide of the second of the said Foure Subsedies, videlt, Twoe shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid, to be due at and uppon the first day of December then next and ymediatlie following in the same yeare; And the second payment and moide of the second of the said Foure Subsedies, videlt, Two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid, to be due att and uppon the first day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred twenty and five; And the first payment and moitie of the third of the said Fower Subsidies, videlt, Two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid, to be due at and uppon the first day of December then next and ymediatlie following in the same yeare; And the second payment and moitie of the third of the said Foure Subsidies, videlt, Two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid, to be due at and uppon the first day of June then next and ymediatlie followinge, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred twenty and six; And the first payment and moitie of the fourth and last of these sower Subsedies, videlt. Two shillingf of every full pound as aforesaid, to be due at and uppon the first day of December then next and ymediatlie followinge in the same yeare; And the second and last payment and moitie of the fourth and last of theise Foure Subsedies, to be due at and uppon the first day of June, which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundred twenty and seaven, to be delivered and payd by such pson and psons as in this p'sent Grant shalbe appointed to have the Colleccbn thereof, to the Lord High Treasurer or Under Tresurer of England for the tyme beinge, or to such pson or psons and in such place or places as shall please your Highnes to appoint to be paid, videlt, The whole payment of the first of the said Fower Subsidies which shalbe due at and uppon the first day of June now next ensuinge, to be made at or before the last day <5f August then next and ymediatlie followinge; and the first payment of every of the other three Subsidies which shalbe due at and uppon the first day of December as aforesaid, to be made at or before the last day of February next following every of the aforesaid dayes when the sayd paymentf or moities shalbe due; And the second payment of every of the said three Subsedies which shalbe due upon the first day of June as aforesaid, to be made at or before the last day of August next followinge after every of the aforesaid dayes when the said paymentf or moities shalbe due; without paying any thinge to the Receivor or to any other Pson or Officer to be assigned for the Receipt thereof, for any Acquittance or other Discharge or Dispatch uppon any such Payment or Receipt of the said Fower Subsedies or any part thereof, but onely Foure pence, and that to the Clerke for the writing of the Acquittance or Discharge for every of the said Paymentf. Provided alwayes, That noe pson that is or hereafter shalbe pmoted to any Benefice or Spirituall Pmoc&n, and hath compounded or shall compound with your Majestie your Heires or Successors for the First Fruitf of the same, from the first day of June last past, videlt, in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth twentie and three, and on this side the first day of June now next ensuing which shalbe in this p*sent yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth twentie and foure, shalbe contributary or charged for the same Benefice or Promoc&n to your Highnes your Heires or Successors, with any parte of the first of the said Four Subsidies due uppon the first day of June now next ensuinge; And that noe pson which hereafter shalbe pmoted to any Benefice or Spirituall Pmo£6n, and shall compound with your Majestie your Heires or Successors for the First Fruitf of the same, from the first day of June which shalbe in this p>sent yeare of our Lord God One thousand sixe hundred twenty and foure, and on this side the first day of June which shalbe in the yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundreth twentie and seven, shalbe contributory or charged for the same Benefice or Pmoc&n to your Highnes your Heires and Successors, with any part of the other Three Subsidies during the first yere after the tyme of any such compounding for his First Fruitf : Item, Your Highnes said Prelatf and Clergie doe graunt, that every Archbishop Bishop, and (the See beinge void) every Deane and Chapter of that See void, and none other pson or psons, shalbe Collector of the said Foure Subsidies within their pper Diocesse during the tyme appointed for the payment of the said Foure Subsidies: And your said Prelatf and Clergie doe most humblie beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted by your Majestie and your High Court of Parliament for the speedy payment of the said Fower Subsidies, and to avoyd delayes thereof, that when and as often as any Collector or Collectors chargeable with the Colleccbn of these said Fower Subsidies or any part thereof, or their or any of their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies or any of them, shall offer the payment of the said Foure Subsedies or of any part of them, to the use of your Mau* your Heires or Successors, to any pson or psons appointed, to receive the same by your Highnes or by the Lord High Treasurer, that the said pson or psons soe appointed shall within sower dayes next after such Appointment, receive or cause to be received the Money soe offered to be payed without any further delay, and deliver one sufficient Bill testifying the receipt thereof to the said Collector or his Undercollector or Deputie uppon every such pticuler payment: And that every such Auditor as is or shall be appointed, to take or receive the Accompt of any such Collector or Collectors or of their severall Undercollectors or Deputies, shall within six dayes next after Request to him to be made, truelie and indifferentlie take the said Accompte, and make Allowance as by this' Graunt is appointed; uppon payne that every such pson or psons appointed to receive the same some or somes of Money soe offered, and every such Auditor, shall loose and forfeit for every default or delay to be made, to the Collector or Collectors Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies soe offering to make Payment or Accompt as is aforesaid, the some of Tenn Pounds of lawfull Money of England, the one moitie thereof to be to your Majestie your Heires and Successors, and the other moitie to the said Collector or Collectors Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies soe greeved, the same to be paid uppon complaynt to be made to the said Lord Treasurer or Under Treasurer or to the Lord Cheife Baron of your Majesties Court of Exchequer, whoe uppon such complaynt shall psentlie examyne the matter, and fynding default, shall comitt the Offender to Ward, there to remayne untill he shall have paid the said severall somes soe forfeited:

P

P

i»

0

iki

A*

M

oil

gt

4

tk

ik

i

4

'*

it

k

a

til

fc

it

M

a

i

i

a

1

1

it

Go

n

A.D. 162S-4.

21° Jac.I. c. 34

1265

And for the better leavying and recovering of these Fower Subsidies or any of them, your said Prelatf and Clcrgie doe likewise most humblie beseech your Majestie that it may be enacted by your Majestie and your said High Court of Parliament in manner and forme following, (that is to say,) That every Collector of the said Foure Subsidies and of every part and parcel! of them, and their lawful Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, may have full Power and Authoritie to use all such Wayes and Meanes and Pees as be p*scribed in the Acte of ppetuall Disme for the Collec&n and levying thereof, and may make Accompt of the same before the Lord High Tresurer or Under Tresurer of England for the tyme being, or any other Officer by your Highnes or your Court of Exchequer to be appointed for the same, and in such place as your Majestie shall likewise assigne, in such wise and after such forme onely as the said Archbishop and Bishops be now charged to make Accompt for the said ppetuall Disme and Tenth; whereby is meant that the lacke and default of payment of and for any Spirituall Promoc&n or Promoc&ns, shall onely charge such Incumbent or Incumbentf, and such others as be bound to pay the same; And that the Archbishop Bishop Deane and Chapter, gathering that which they can receive, and making payment thereof, shall for the rest, not by them received, £ by 'J discharged by their Certificate to be made unto your Highnes Court of Exchequer, for every of the aforesaid paymentf which shalbe due uppon the first day of June in any of the aforesaid yeares, at or before the last day of August next following every of the aforesaid dayes, when every of the said paymentf shalbe due; And for every of the foresaid paymentf which shalbe due uppon the first day of December in any of the aforesaid yeares, at or before the last day of February, next and ymediatelie followinge every of the aforesaid dayes when the said paymentf shalbe due: And that six pence of every pound wherewith the Collector shalbe charged in his Accompt, cleerely to be payd into the Receipt of your Majesties Exchequer, or into such other place as shall please your Highnes to appoint, shalbe allowed unto the said Collector uppon his Accompt for the same, at every of thaforsaid severall tymes of payment, for the Charges of the said Collecc&n Portage safe conveying and paying of the said Fonre Subsidies: And moreover that it may be enacted likewise, that after any payment of the said Foure Subsidies shall be once due by vertue of this Graunt, if any Incumbent of any Benefice or Promof&n Spirituall charged to the payment of any of the said Foure Subsidies, or any parte thereof, being at any tyme after that the same Payment shalbe due, lawfullie monished, either psonallie or at his Dignitie Stall Church or Mansion House, by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocesse, or his Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or by the Deane and Chapter (the See being void), or by any of their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies authorised in that behalfe, to appear by himselfe or his Deputie, at a certayne Daye and Place of convenient distance to the said Incumbent then to be signified and Pfixed, and then and there to pay such part of the said Foure Subsidies for his Benefice or Promoc&n Spirituall or the whole, as then by vertue of this Graunt shalbe due, doe not either at the same Day and Place soe to him signified and pffixed, truely content and pay, or cause to be contented and paid, such paymentf of the said Foure Subsidies as then by him shalbe due to be paid unto the same Archbishop or Bishop or to his Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or to the Deane and Chapter of any See being void, or to their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, or to one of them, shewing sufficient Deputac&n from the said Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapter, under his or their Seale in that behalfe, being readie at the said Day and Place soe signified and Pfixed to receive any Payment of the said Foure Subsedies then due, and openlie demaunding the same, or else pay every of the paymentf of the said Foure Subsidies given by this Graunt within fiftie dayes next after any such pfixed dayes of warning at the furthest (soe that open demaund be made of every of the said paymentf of the said sower Subsidies in and at the sayd place and day before pfixed) that then every Incumbent soe making default of any of the Paymentf aforesaid, which shalbe due from him for any of the parts of the said Foure Subsidies as aforesaid, after such default thereof certified into your Majesties Exchequer in Writing, under the Seale and Handwriting of any Archbishop or Bishop, or the Comon Seale of the Deane and Chapter (the See being void,) charged with the Collecc&n of the said Foure Subsidies or any part thereof, soe that the said Certificate shalbe made according to the forme hereafter expressed, and exhibited into your Majesties said Court of Exchequer (videit), for every of the aforesaid paymentf of the said Foure Subsidies which shalbe due the first day of June in any of the foresaid yeres, at or before the last day of August next followinge every of the aforesaid yeares when every of the said paymentf shalbe due; And for every of the aforesaid paymentf which shalbe due uppon the first day of December in any of the aforesaid yeares, at or before the last day of February next following every of the aforesaid Dayes when every of the said paymentf shalbe due as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose unto your Majestie your Heires and Successors, all the <Pffittf which of that onely Dignitie Benefice or Pmof&n for the which he maketh such default of Payment, and whereof such Certificate shalbe made, shall come grow and arise unto him, (over and above the Charges of serving the Cure and the anuall Tenth due to be paid out of his said Living,) in one whole yeare next after such Certificate made and delivered unto your Highnes Court of Exchequer, and there admitted, in case the said Incumbent shall soe longe live; and that every such Certificate of any such default of Payment shalbe made according to the Tenor and Effecte ensuing, (mutatis mutandis): Honorabilibj & egregiis viris, Dno Theasaurario & Baronibj de Sc'cCio Illustrissimi Dni nn DBi Jacobi Dei gra Anglie Scocie Francie & Hibnie Regis, Fidei Defensoris, 8cc. Vest humilis J. pmissione Divina, L. Epus, authoritate & vigore cujusdam Actus Parliament anno regni defi Dili Regis scitt Anglie Francie & Hibnie vicesimo scfdo, & Scocie quinquagesimo septimo edit 8c pvis, ad colligend 8c levand quatuor Subsidia eidem Dno Regi in eodem Parliamento p Prelatos & Clerum Cantuar Provincie concess, vidett, p soluc&e primi 8c integri Subsidii solvend primo die Junii ultimo pPito, infra Diecesim nram L. deputatus & authorizatus, omimod rePenciam tantis viris debitam cum honore: Vris Revenciis hap serie afiuncio 8c $tifico, me pfatum Epum, modo quo pferf deputat 8c authorizal, sufficient1 8c cum omi diligencia requisivisse p N. O. Subcollectorem seu Deputat meum in hac

1 erroneously for « be

Collector* shall have the line Power*, &c. as for levying the Tenths, kc.

Allowance for Collection , fid. in the Pound.

Incumbent of any Benefice, on Demand of any Payment on the said Subsidies from him, and Certificate, by the Bishop into the Exchequer, of Non-payment, shall forfeit One Year's Profit of such Benefice;

Form of such Certificate i


.4t

3

1266

21° Jac. I. c.34.

A.D. 16M4.

■ml Schedule to be annexed.

Incumbent may tender the Sum due, at any Time before Certificate it exhibited.

Acquittance* to* Collector! paying Subiidiet to Lord Treasurer j

FfC! thereon

Penalty on Neglect or Extortion in the Officers of the Exchequer, ggio.

Particular Acquittance! by Collector! to Incumbent!.

Namei of Deputy Collector! shall be certified.

Twenty Day! after Demand allowed for Payment, without Fee!, ire.

parte, de quovis Beneficio & Pmoc&e Ecdiastica in quadam Schedula psentibj annex spificaT, sumas solucois dS primi integri Subsidii p dcas Benefit 8t Pmocoibj debit, & solvend dfo primo die Junii ultimo f?Pito, put in eadem Schedula allegads recipe non potui. In cujus rei testimoniu, sigillum meum p*sentib3 apposui. Dal die

mensis Anno DBi : The Forme of w* Schedule above menc&ned ensueth:

Civitas L. vel Decanal de H. A. B. Rector, vel Vicar ibm monitus apud pdict die

ultimo p$to p N. O. subcollectorem seu deputaf meum, ad solvend apud Ecctiam de L. in com R. die

px sequen, soluf&em sive illam partem d?i primi & integri Subsidii p ipm debif primo die Junii ultimo f$to p Pmoc&e sua j?d£fa. Sed pdSus A. B. nec apud Ecctiam de L. p>dcam eodem die nec alibi p

quinquaginta dies postea, sumam p ipm debitam (ut pfert') solvit vel satisfecit: neq^ dcam sumam de pficuis dSe pmoebis nec de Bonis & Catallis dCi A. B. aliquo modo levare, sive recipe potui. Provided alwayes. That if any Pson or Incumbent, chargeable by this Act or Graunt to any Payment of these Fower Subsidies, or any part thereof, shall pffer and tender Payment of any some due, to the Archbishopp or Bishop or to the Deane and Chapter where the See is void, or to any Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies of any Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapter aforesaid, at any tyme before the Certificate exhibited into the Exchequer as is aforesaid, that then notwithstanding the Certificate made as is aforesaid against any such pson, the said Incumbent or Pson against whome the Certificate was soe made, shall and may averre the Offer and Tender of his Payment as is aforesaid, And of the same shalbe tryed, either by sufficient Witnesses, before the Lord Tresurer and Barons of the Exchequer, or by the Triall of Twelve Men uppon any Yssue thereuppon to be joyned betwixt the said Incumbent and any other pson or psons, that he or any for him did offer and tender Payment of the some due as aforesaid, which being found for the Incumbent, then every such Incumbent shall have and enjoy his Pmocon or Pmoc&ns still, without Forfeiture or losing to your Majestie your Heires or Successors any the Proffittf thereof, and as though noe Certificate or Default of any such Payment had beene made or exhibited; Any Thing in this p>sent Graunt or Acte to the contrary notwithstanding: And further, That it may be enacted likewise, That every Archbishop and Bishop, and Deane and Chapter of every See vacant, and other psons chargeable to and with the Colleccon of these Fower Subsidies within the said Province of Canterbury, shall and may have uppon every Payment of the same Foure Subsidies, made to the Lord High Tresurer and Under Tresurer of England for the tyme being, or to such other pson or psons in place and places to whom and where it shall please your Highnes or your Court of Exchequer to appoint for the Receipt thereof, at every of the aforesaid tymes of payment, a sufficient Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est in Writing of the aforesaid Lord High Tresurer or Under Tresurer, or of such other pson or psons as either your Highnes or your said Court of Exchequer shall assigne for the Receipt thereof, or as heretofore in the like Cases it hath bene accustomed, the same Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est witnessing the Receipt of soe much of the same some of the said Fower Subsidies as shalbe so received ; And every such Acquittance Discharge or Quietus e3t in Writing, subscribed with the Name or Names of the Lord High Tresurer or Under Tresurer for the tyme being, or of such Auditor or other pson or psons as it shall please your Highnes or your said Court of Exchequer to appoint for the same Receipt, or of such others as heretofore in like Cases it hath bene used, shall and may be good and effectuall in the Lawe, and be alsoe as sufficient a discharge to all and every of the said Collectors, to all such Intentf Constructions and Purposes, as if the same were made by Acte of Parliament: And that every of the said Collectors shall pay but onely three shillingf foure pence for every generall or finall Acquittance Discharge or Quietus est, for every Payment of the said Fower Subsidies: And if any pson soe assigned shall refuse or delay to make such a generall or fynall Acquitance Discharge or Quietus est, for any payment of the said Foure Subsidies, or shall require and take for the same any more then three shillinges foure pence, or if any other Officer of the Exchequer shall require and take of any Collector or Collectors, or of his or there Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies, in respect of the Colleccftn Payment or Accompt of the said Foure Subsidies or any part thereof, or for expedition or for any other cause or

ptence whatsoever concerning the same, any Fees or Somes of Money, other then are before in this p>sent Graunt

expresselie allowed unto them, shall forfeite the some of Tenn Pounds of lawfull Money of England, to be paid and recovered in like maner and to the same uses as is before Unfitted and expressed in this Graunt touching the like forfeitures of Receivors and Auditors: And alsoe that every pticuler Acquittance which uppon any payment of the said Fower Subsidies shalbe made by any Collector or Collectors of the said Foure Subsedies, or of any payment of them, or by his or their Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies in that behalfe, to any Incumbent of any Benefice or <Pmo£0n Spirituall, or to any pson or psons contributory and chargeable to and with the said

Fower Subsidies, or any parte or payment of them, shalbe good and effectuall in Lawe, and a full and sufficient

Discharge to every such Incumbent, and other Pson, and his Benefice and PmocOn Spirituall, of and for all suche s5me and somes of Money as by the same Acquittance shalbe acknowledged to be received, in respecte of the same Benefice or Pmofftn Spirituall, for any Payment or any parte of the said Foure Subsidies; And that none Acquittance of any other pson or psons made before such Certificate, shall in any wise discharge any Pson or Pmo6bn, for any part or payment of his said Subsidies, nor of any Payne Penaltie or Forfeiture specified in this Graunt: And to the intent it may be knowen to the Court of the Exchequer whoe be the Undercollector or Undercollectors Deputie or Deputies of every such Archbishop Bishop or Deane and Chapter, authorised to receive the same, and to make Acquittance thereof, every Archbishop Bishop and Deane and Chapter of any See being void, shall yearly, together with their Certificatf afore mentioned, certifie the Names of every of the Undercollectors or Deputies to be appointed as is aforesaid: Provided alwayes, That noe Collector of these Foure Subsidies or of any part of them, shall use any Pc esse or compulsory Meanes, or exact any Fees or somes of Money for the same, or otherwise, of any pson for not paying the said Foure Subsidies or any parte thereof, at such certaine day


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 34.

1267

and place as shalbe by the Collector or his Undercollector or Deputie Pfixed, in case the said pson shall tender the same unto the Collector or his Undercollector or Deputie within Twenty Daies next after such fffixed day; and that the said Collectors shall not by themselves nor any other, take of any pson for the Receipt of any severall payment of the said Foure Subsidies and for his Acquittance thereuppon, any more then Foure pence, by any colour or Ptext whatsoever: Provided alwayes. That noe Spiritual 1 Promoc&ns, nor any Lands Possessions or Revenues annexed to the same, being charged by this Graunt of the Province of Canterbury, or any Goods or Chattellf growinge being or renewing uppon the same, or elswhere appertayning to the Owners of the said Spirituall Pmoc&ns or to any of them, shalbe charged or made contributory to any Fifteene or Tenth, or to any other Subsidie already graunted to your Highnes by the Laitie, or hereafter to be graunted during the tyme appointed by this Graunt for the payment of the said Foure Subsidies: Provided alsoe. That all Deanes Archdeacons Dignities Masters Wardens and Prebendaries of all Cathedrall and Collegiate Churches and Colleges, or any of them, within the said Province, shalbe charged with these Fower Subsidies for those Possessions Revenues and Promoc&ns onely which to their severall ■Pmof&ns Dignities and Roumes are cleerely and distinctlie lymitted, and to their onely use severed, thereof to pay (the Tenth part beinge deducted) for every and each of the said Foure Subsidies Foure shilling^ of every full Pound, in manner and forme as is above rehearsed: And that all those Rents Possessions Pfittf Porc&ns Hereditamentf and Spirituall Promoc&ns, and every of them, heretofore by your Highnes or any of the Kings or Queenes of this Realme, or any other pson or psons whatsoever, given graunted bequeathed devised or ympropriated unto the said Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or to any of them, which any wayes be assigned ymployed or used either for or toward f the yearely Mainten'nce of Readers of Divinitie Poore Men Schoolemasters Ushers Gramarians Pettie Canons Conductf Vicars Choral Singingmen Choristers Virgers Sextons, or of any other necessarie or daylie Officers or Ministers in such Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, or any of them, or for or towards the reedifying or repairing of any of the same Cathedrall or Collegiate Churches or Colledges, shall not be charged with any parte of these Foure Subsidies; The certeintie of which Porc&ns, aswell chargeable to these Foure Subsidies as not chargeable in this behalfe, the Archbishop, or Bishop of the Diocesse, or (the See being void) the Deane and Chapter, or any other to whome the same shall or may appertaine, uppon due Search and Examynac&n, shall &ifie under his or their Seales into your Highnes said Court of Exchequer, at or before the severall Dayes aforesaid appointed for the paymentf of the said foure Subsedies : Provided allwayes, that every Pson Vicar or Spirituall Pson paying any Penc&n whereof noe Allowance is made in the Valuac&n of his Pmoc&n or Benifice, shall and may retayne to his owne use and releefe soe much of every pound of every such Pension for every payment of these Foure Subsidies as he standeth charged by this Graunt to pay for every parte and payment of these Fower Subsidies out of every pound for the whole Valuacon of his Spirituall Promoc&n ; Any Coven*nt Graunt or Bond to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided alsoe, that your said Prelatf and Clergie doe most humblie beseech your Highnes that it may be enacted by your Majesties Authoritie and your Highe Court of Parliament, That where certayne Lands Tenementf Rents Spirituall Pmoc&ns Tithes Pensions Porc&ns Fruitf and other Hereditamentf, lately belonging to divers Cathedrall Churches, and to other places and persons Ecctiasticall within the said Province of Canterbury, which were given and assigned to be bestowed and spent in and on fynding and maynteyning of Staine Chantries Anniversaries Obites Lights Lampes, and other like Charges Intentf and Purposes, of late came into the Hands and Possession of the late Kinge of famous memory Edward the Sixt, by force of a Statute thereof made in the first yeare of his Raigne, as by the said Statute more playnely appeareth ; That the Cathedrall Churches and the Bishops Deans or Presidents and Chapters and Prebendaries of the same, and all other places and psons Ecctiasticall and every of them, to whome the said Lands Rents and other the pmisses or any of them did lately appertayne, shall not during the tyme appointed by this Graunt for the payment of the said Foure Subsidies, be charged to and with any payment of Subsidie, of and for that parte and porc&n of Lands Tenementf Rents Spirituall Promoc&ns and other Hereditamentf or any of them, whereunto the said late Kinge by force of the said Statute was intituled or possessed of, nor of any yearely Rents or Paymentf going out of the said Cathedrall Churches and other the Places and Psons Ecctiasticall aforesaid; And that Deducc&n and Allowance thereof be made to them and every of them accordinglie, in and uppon every payment of the said Foure Subsidies, out of the whole Valuac&n Taxaf&n and Estimaf&n made for the payment of the said ppetuall Disme or Tenth remayning of Record in your Highnes Court of Exchequer as aforesaid, for the rate and porc&n of Lands Teiitf Rents Spirituall Pmoc&ns and other Hereditamentf and those yearly paymentf whereunto the said late King was intituled or possessed of, or which since the making of the said Statute, by reason they have beene found as Landes Tenementf Rents Tithes or other Hereditamentf concealed from the said late Kinge Edward the Sixt, the late King Henry the Eight, the late Queene Mary, the late Queene Elizabeth, or any of them, or from your Majestie, or otherwise are severed from the possessions of the said Cathedrall Churches and other places and psons aforesaid or of any of them by force of the Statute Pmised or any otherwise: Provided also, That these Foure Subsidies graunted by the Clergie, or any parte of them, shall not be demaunded or levyed out of any Benefice House of Students or Colledge, scituate or set within either of the Universities of Oxforde or Cambridge, or any Benefice Lands or other Revenues unto the said UniPsities or either of them, or to any House of Students or Colledge in any of the said Univ’sitics, united appropriated or appertayning, or out of any Benefice Lands or Revenues of the Colledge of Windsor, or of the Colledge of Westminster, or of the College of Eaton neere Windsor, or of the Colledge called Saint Maries Colledge by Winchester, founded by William Wickham sometymes Bishop of Winchester, or of any Hospitall Almeshouses or Grammer Schooles, or of any Church Benefice or other Revenues to the said Colledges Hospitallf Almeshouses or Grammer Schooles, or to any of them annexed appropriated or otherwise appertayning: Provided alwayes, That all Parsons Vicars and all other Ecctiasticall psons, whose Benefices are not above Six pounds thirteene

No Spiritual Promotion! shall be liable to the Lay Subsidy.

Deans, he. chargeable for their Promotions.

Exemption of Revenues of Cathedrals, he. appropriated to the Poor, he.

Certificate of such Revenues.

Persons paying Pensions may retain the Subsidy.

Exemption for Lands of Chauntries, he. vested in the Crown under Stat. t Edw.VI. CIA. or since, as Lands concealed, he.

Exemption for Colleges in the Universities, he.

Benefices not exceeding £6. tj. 4.


1268

Vicarage* from £8. to j£io. to pay iji. 4d.

Thii Grant to be confirmed bjr Parliament.

The uid Grant of Subsidies confirmed by Parliament, accordingly.

II.

The said Subsidies shall be levied by Spiritual Censures, or by Distress, 4c. and when paid by Farmers shall be allowed out of their Rents; unless on express Covenant to the contrary.

UI. Subsidies upon Impropriations may be levied on the Farmers thereof.

Distresses may be appraised and sold.

IV.

Lay Impropriators shall be charged under this Act for their Spiritual Promotions.

21° Jac. I. c. 34. A.D. 1623-4.

shilling? foure pence by the yeare, after the Taxad&n aforesaid, shall not be charged with these Foure Subsedies or any parte of the same: Provided alsoe, That every Vicar whose Benefice is Eight pound? or above and not above Tenn pound? by the yeare after the TaxacUn aforesaid, shall pay unto your Highnes your Heires and Successors, uppon the first day of June which shalbe in this p'sent yeare of our Lord God One thousand six hundred twenty and foure, Thirteene shilling? and foure pence, and thenceforth Six shilling? and Eight pence at every payment of the other Three Subsidies, at such tymes and to such psons as is aforesaid, for his parte of the said Three Subsidies; And if any Vicarage be under Eight pound? by the Taxac&n aforesaid, the Incumbent shall not be charged with any part or payment of the said Foure Subsidies. And for the sure and true payment of these Fower Subsidies, graunted by your said Prelates and C.lergie of the Province of Canterbury, according to the tenor purpose effecte and true meaning of this p'sent Graunt, Tour said Prelates and Clergie doe most humbly desire your Highnes that this their said Gifte Graunt and foure Subsidies, and every Matter sdme of Money Petic&n Clause Provisions Reservaf&ns and Sentences in this Instrument contayned concerning the said Foure Subsidies, may be ratified established and confirmed by the Authoritie of your Highnes Court of Parliament. In quop oim & singulop phnissop fidem & testimoniu. Nos Georgius Archiepus Cantuar antedCus, has presentes Iras nras testimoniales, sive hoc p'sens publicum Instrumentum, ad humilem rogatum Prelaws & Cleri p'dict, Sigilli nri appensione ac signo noie & subscripc&e Joftis Drake Notarii publici deputat, Nicfti Weston Registrarii nri principalis jussim9 & fecim9 comuniri. Dal dJfo tricesimo die mensis Aprilis, Anno Dni miltimo sexcentesimo vicesimo quarto, regniqs vri felicissimi, scilt Angt Francie & Hibnie, vicesimo sedo, & Scocie quinquagesimo septimo, & nre T*nslac6is Anno decimo quarto.

Wherefore for the true and sure payment of the said Subsidies, graunted by the said Prelat? and Clergie of the said Province of Canterbury, according to the Tenor Effecte and true meaning of the said Instrument, Be it enacted by the King? most Excellent Majestie with the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall and the Comons in this p'sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, That the said Gifte and Graunt and every Matter some of Money PeticUn Pvision Clause and Sentence in the same Instrument conteyned, shall stand and be ratified established and confirmed by the Authoritie of this fPsent Parliament.

And Further be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That every pson that shalbe appointed to the collecting and gathering of the said Subsidies, shall have Power and Authoritie to leavy take and pceive the said Subsidies by the Authoritie of the Censures of the Church, That is to say, by Suspension Excomunicac&n or Interdice&n, and alsoe by Sequestrac&n of the Fruit? and Proffitt? of their Benefices and Promoc&ns Spirituall, in whose Hand? soever they be, and to make sale of the same Fruit? without danger of the Lawes of this Realme; or by distresse uppon the Possessions of the Farmors or Occupiers of the Land? and Tenement?, chargeable by the said Instrument, for or to the payment of any some or somes of Money to be due by force thereof, or otherwise by the discre£&n of the Collector thereof; And that noe Replevie Prohibic&n or Supsedeas shall be allowed or obeyed for any psons making default of the payment of the said Subsidies, or any of them, contrary to the tenor of the Graunt thereof untill such tyme as they have truelie satisfied and contented all such parte and porc&ns as to them in that behalfe appertayneth: And that every such Farmor and Farmors, their Executors and Assignes that shall fortune hereafter to be charged to or with the payment of the said Subsidies or any parte thereof, shall by the authoritie aforesaid be allowed and retayne in his Hand? asmuch of his yearely Rent and Farme as the sume which he shall fortune to paye for his Lord or Leasour shall extend unto j Except that the said Farmor or Farmors their Executors or Assignes, by the Lease and Graunt that they have of any parte of the Land? Tythes Pffitt? or Tenement? chargeable to the said Subsidies, or by force of any Coven*nt or Article therein conteyned, be bound and charged to pay the same, and thereof to discharge the Leasour and Landlord during the Tearme menconed in the said Lease.

And likewise be it enacted by y* Authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, That whereas divers Curat? lyable to the Subsidies being oftentymes removeable, doe serve aswell in diverse Impropriac&ns belonginge to the King? Majestie, as in other Spirituall Promoc&ns belonging to other psons; That for the speedie Recovery of the said Subsidies it may be lawfull to the said Collector or Collectors of the said Subsidies their Deputie or Depudes to leavie the said Subsidies uppon the Farmor or Farmors or Occupiers of all such Impropriacbns or Spirituall Promoc&ns by all Censures of the Church aforesaid and every of them, or by way of Distresse of Tythes of the said Impropriac&n or Impropriacbns and Spirituall Promo£6ns or otherwise uppon the Good? and Chattell? of the said Farmor or Farmors and Occupiers In which case no Inhibicon Prohibic&n Replevie or other Processe awarded to the contrary shalbe obeyed ; Any Lawes Statut? Priviledg? or Customes to the contrary hereof heretofore made graunted or used, or hereafter to be made graunted or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; And that it may be lawfull to the Collector? and other Officers and Ministers of such Archbishop Bishop Deane and Chapter for not payment of the said Subsidies after the same shall be due, in or at any of the said tymes of Payment, to prize and value the said Distresse or Distresses by two indifferent Neighbours by him to be chosen, and the Distresse and Distresses soe prized to sell and thereof to detayne soe much Money as shall amounte to the some payable to the King? most Excellent Majestie, with the reasonable Charges alsoe of the said Collector susteyned in that behalfe, and the rest of the Money made of the said Distresse to be delivered and paid to the Owner and Occupier thereof.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That everie Lay Pson havinge Spirituall Promocbn chargeable by this Acte, and alsoe havinge Temporall Possessions Good? Chattell? and Debt? charged to the said Subsidies graunted in this Parliament by the Temporalty, shalbe taxed charged and sett for his said Spirituall Promof&ns with the Clergie, and his Temporall Possessions and Chattell? Reall with the Temporaltie, and not otherwise; Any thinge before menc&ned to the contrary notwithstandinge.


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 34,35.

1269

And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That all and every Graunt and Graunts of all and every some and somes of Money graunted or which hereafter shalbe graunted to the Kings Majestie by the Clergie of the Province of Yorke, shalbe of the same strength force and effecte in all things as the said Graunt made by the said Province of Canterbury, and shall be taxed certified collected leavyed gathered and paid according to the tenor forme and effecte of this p'sent Acte of Parliament to all intentf construcc&ns and purposes in such manner and forme as though it were specially playnely and pticulerlie expressed and rehearsed in this p'sent Acte by expresse Words Tearmes and Sentences in their severall Natures and Kinds.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, That all Provisions before rehearsed, conteyned or to be conteyned in the said Grauntf of the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Canterbury, and the like of the same Provisoes conteyned in the said Graunt of the Prelates and Clergie of the Province of Yorke, shalbe good and effectuall and to be observed and kept in every Point and Article, according to the purport and true meaning of the same.

CHAPTER XXXV.

An Acte for the Kings free and generall Pardon.

THE Kings Majestie most graciously considering the good Will and faithfull Hearts of his most loving and obedient Subjects, and understanding that the same his loving Subjects have many and sundrie waies by the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme fallen into the daunger of divers great Penalties and Forfeitures, and more pticulerlie that the Psons and Fortunes of great numbers of his said Subjects doe lye open unto manifold inconveniences, aswell by Seizures Extents and otherwise for Debts Accomptf Arrerages and somes of Money of longe tyme due to the Crowne in the tymes of his most Noble Progenitors and Predecessors, and for Fynes uppon Alienacons without Licence, concealed Wardshipps Primer Seisins Liveries and Ousterlemaines, as alsoe by Suits of Quare Impedit uppon Titles of Lapse accrued to the Crowne, and by sundrie other meanes, for which they have bene usuallie questioned in his Courts, both Ecctiasticall and Temporall; Is of his Princelie and Mercifull Disposic&n most graciouslie inclyned to extend unto them his liberall and free Pardon, and that in a more bountifull manner then hath bene accustomed, discharging thereby many things of speciall importance which in tymes past have bene reserved and excepted out of former Pardons for the enrichinge of the Crowne; His Majestie most assuredly trustinge that all his Subjects by this his Clemencie and indulgent Grace and Favour wilbe the rather moved and induced from henceforth more carefullie to observe his Highnes Lawes and Statutf, and to contynue in their loyall and due Obedience to his Majestie: And therefore his Majestie is well pleased and contented that it be enacted by the Authoritie of this p'sent Parliament and be it enacted by the Authoritie of the same, in manner and forme following (that is to say); That all and every the said Subjects, aswell Spirituall as Temporall of this his Highnes Realme of England Wales the lies of Jemesey Gamesey and the Towne of Barwicke the Heires Successors Executors and Administrators of them and every of them, and all and singuler Bodyes in any manner of wise corporated, Citties Boroughes Sheires Ridingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages Hamlettf and Tythingf and every of them, and the Successor and Successors of every of them, shalbe by the authority of this p'sent Parliament acquited pardoned released and discharged against the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors and every of them of all manner of Treasons Felonies Offences Contemptf Trespasses Entries Wrongs Deceites Misdemeanors Forfeitures Penalties and somes of Money Paynes of Death Paynes corporall and pecuniarie, and generallie of all other Things Causes Quarrellf Suits Judgementf and Execuc&ns in this p'sent Acte hereafter not excepted nor foreprised, which may be or cann be by his Highnes in any wise or by any meanes pardoned before and unto the twentieth day of December last past, to every or any of his said Subjects Bodies Corporate Citties Boroughes Sheires Ridingf Hundreds Lathes Rapes Wapentakes Townes Villages and Tythingf or any of them.

And alsoe the Kings Majestie is contented that it be enacted by the authoritie of this p'sent Parliament, and be it enacted by the authoritie of the same. That this his said free Pardon shalbe as good and effectuall in the I.awe to every of his said Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed, in for and against all thinges which be not hereafter in this p'sent Acte excepted and foreprised as the same Pardon should have bene if all Offences Contemptf Forfeitures Causes Matters Suits Quarrellf Judgmentf Execuc&ns Penalties and all other Things not hereafter in this p'sent Acte excepted and foreprised had bene pardcularlie singularlie especiallie and playnely named rehearsed and specified, and alsoe pardoned by pper and expresse Words and Names in their Kinds Natures and Qualities by Words and Tearmes thereunto requisite to have bene putt in and expressed in this fPsent Acte of free Pardon; And that his said Subjects nor any of them, nor the Heires Executors or Administrators of any of them, nor the said Bodyes Corporate and others before named and rehearsed nor any of them, be nor shalbe sued vexed or inquieted in their Bodies Goods Chattellf Lands or Tenementf for any manner of Matter Cause Contempt Misdemeanor Forfeiture Trespasse Offence or any other Thinge suffred done or comitted before the said twentith day of December last past against his Highnes his Crowne Dignitie Prerogative Lawes or Statutf, but only for such Matters Causes and Offences as be rehearsed menc&ned or in some wise touched in the Excepc&ns of this p'sent Acte to be foreprised and excepted and for none other; Any Statute or Statutf Lawes Customes or Usages heretofore had made or used to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Voi,. IV.

14 U


V.

Subtidy of the Province of York shall be collected under this Act.

VI. All Provision! in the Grants confirmed.

Motives for this Pardon being more extensive than former Pardons

General Pardon of all Offences, he. not expressly excepted, committed, Jrc. before 20 Dec.

21 Jac. I.

II.

This Pardon at valid by general Words as if all Offences, he. were particularly specified.

1270

21° Jac. I. c. 35

A.D. 1625-4.

in.

Grant of all Forfeiture! upon Offence! pardoned.

IV. Grant! by-forfeiting Parties declared valid:

Pardon may be pleaded without Feel; except i6d. to the Clerk.

V.

This Pardon shall be construed most beneficially for the Subject.

VI.

Penalty on Officers of Courts issuing Process forOffences hereby pardoned. Treble Damsges; and Process declared void.

VII. Exceptions from this Pardon ; Certain Treasons;

Counterfeiting, ice-of Money, &c.;

Misprisions of Treason;

Murders;

Piracies;

Burglaries;

Robberies;

And the Kings Highnes of his bounteous liberalitie, by the Authorise of this psent Parliament graunteth and freely giveth to every of his Subjects and to every of the said Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed and every of them, all Goods Chattel If Debts Fynes Yssues Pffittf Amerciamentf Forfeitures and Somes of Money by any of them forfeited which to his Highnes doe or shall belonge or appertayne by reason of any Offence Contempt Trespasse Entry Misdemeanor Matter Cause or Quarrell suffred done or edmitted by them or any of them before the said twentith day of December last past which be not hereafter in this psent Acte foreprised and excepted.

And be it enacted neverthelesse. That all Grauntf thereof or of any parte thereof made by any such as have soe forfeited the same, and are hereby restored as aforesaid and all Execuc&ns thereof or of any parte thereof had against any such after such Forfeiture thereof comitted or made, shalbe of such force and effecte as if noe such Forfeiture thereof had bene had or made and of noe other, the same Forfeiture or any thinge before in this Acte to the contrary notwithstanding; And that all and every the Kings said Subjects and all and singuler Bodies Corporate and other before rehearsed, may by him or themselves, or by his or their Deputie or Deputies, or by his or their Attourney or Attourneys, accordinge to the Lawes of this Realme plead and minister this psent Acte of free Pardon for his or their Discharge of and for any thinge that is by vertue of this psent Acte pardoned discharged given or graunted without any Fee or other Thinge paying to any pson or psons for writinge or Entry of the Judgementf or other Cause concerninge such Plea Writinge or Entry, but only Sixteene Pence to be paid to the Officer or Clerke that shall enter such Plea Matter or Judgment for the parties Discharge in that behalfe; Any Lawe Statute Usage or Custome to the contrary notwithstanding.

And Furthermore the Kings Majestie is contented and pleased that it be enacted by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That this his said free Pardon, by the generall Words Clauses and Sentences before rehearsed, shalbe reputed deemed adjudged expounded allowed and taken in all manner of Courts of his Highnes and elsewhere most beneficiall and avayleable to all and singuler the said Subjects Bodies Corporate and others before rehearsed and to every of them, in all things not in this psent Acte excepted or foreprised, without any Ambiguitie Question or other Delay whatsoever it shalbe, to be made pleaded objected or alleadged by the King our Soveraigne Lord his Heires or Successors, or by his or any of their generall Attourney or Attourneys, or by any pson or psons for his Highnes or any of his Heires or Successors.

And Furthermore it is enacted by the Kinge our Soveraigne Lord, and by the Authoritie of this psent Parliament, That if any Officer or Clerke of any of his Highnes Courts, comonly called the Chauncery Kings Bench and Comon Pleas, or of his Exchequer, or any other Officer or Clerke of any other of his Highnes Courts within this Realme at any tyme after the last day of this psent Session of Parliament make out or write out any manner of Writtf Processe Sumons or other Preceptf, whereby any of the said Subjects or any of the said Bodies corporated or others before rehearsed or any of them, shalbe in any wise arrested attached distreyned sumoned or otherwise vexed inquieted or greived in his or their Bodies Lands Tenementf Goods or Chattellf or in any of them for or because of any manner of thinge pardoned or discharged by vertue of this Acte of free Pardon, or if any Sheriffe or Escheator or any of their Deputie or Deputies or any Bayliffe or other Officer whatsoever by coulor of his or their Office or otherwise, after the said last day of this psent Session of Parliament doe levye receive take or withhold of or from any pson or psons any thinge pardoned or discharged by this Acte, That then every such pson soe offending and thereof lawfully convicted or condemned by sufficient Testimonie Witnessor Proffe, shall yeeld and pay for recompence thereof to the Partie so greeved or offended thereby his or their Treble Damages besidf all Costs of the Suite, and shall alsoe forfeite and lose to the Kings Majestie for every such Default Tenn Pounds; And nevertheles all and singuler such Writtf Pcesse and Preceptf soeto be made for or uppon any manner of thinge pardoned or discharged by this psent Acte of free Pardon shalbe utterlie void and of none effecte.

Excepted and alwaies foreprised out of this generall and free Pardon all and all manner of High Treasons and other Offences comitted or done by any psons against the Kings most Royall pson or the psons of the Princes Highnes, and all Conspiracies and Confederacies traiterouslie had comitted or done by any pson or psons against the Kings Majesties Royal! pson or the pson of the Princes Highnes; and all and manner of levying of Warre, and all Rebellions and Insurrecc&ns whatsoever; And alsoe excepted all and every manner of Treasons edmitted or done by any pson or psons in the Parts beyond the Seas, or in any other Place out of the Kings Domynions, and alsoe all Suits Punishmentf Execuc&ns Paynes of Death Forfeitures and Penalties for or by reason or occasion of any the Treasons and Offences before excepted: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Offences of forginge and false counterfeiting the Kings Majesties Great or Privie Seale Signe Manuell or Privie Signett, or of any the Moneys currant within this Realme; and alsoe all Offences of unlawfull diminishinge of any the said Moneys by any waie or meanes whatsoever contrary to the Lawes and Statutf of this Realme; And alsoe all Misprisions and Concealmentf of High Treason, and all abettinge aidinge comfortinge or peuring of the same Offences or any of the said Treasons : And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all manner of voluntarie Murders Petit Treasons and wilfull Poysoningf done or comitted by any pson or psons, and all and every the Accessaries to the same Offences or any of them before the said Offences comitted: And alsoe excepted and foreprised out of this generall Pardon all and every Offences of Pyracie and Robberie done uppon the Seas, and all and every peuringe or abetteinge of any such Offendors, and the comfortinge and receivinge of them or any of them, or of any Goods taken by waie of Piracie or Robberie uppon the Seas as aforesaid: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Burglaries edmitted or done in any Dwelling House or Houses, and all Accessaries to any the said Burglaries before the same Burglarie edmitted: And alsoe excepted all Robberies done uppon or to any Mans or Womans pson in the High way or elsewhere, and all and singuler Accessaries of or to any such Robberies before the said Robberie edmitted : And alsoe excepted


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 35.

1271

the felonious stealinge of any Horse Geldinge or Mare, and all Accessaries thereunto before the same Felonie comitted, and all Judgementf and ExecucSns of and for the same: And alsoe excepted all wilfull Burningf of any Dwellinge House or Houses, or of any Bame or Barnes wherein any Come was : And alsoe excepted the detestable and abhominable Vice of Buggery, comitted with Mankind or Best: And alsoe excepted all Rapes and caraall Ravishment? of Women : And alsoe excepted all Ravishmentf and wilfull takinge away or marryinge of any Mayde Widdowe or Damosell against her Will or without the Assent or Agreement of her Parents or of such as then had her in custodie: And alsoe all Offences of aydinge comfordnge pcuringe or abettinge of any such Ravishment wilfull takinge or marryinge had comitted or done: And all Offences made Felonie by a certaine Acte lately made and ordeyned, intituled An Acte to restraine all psons from Marriage untill their former Wives and former Husbands be dead: And alsoe excepted all wilfull Escapes of any Traytors: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all psons now attainted or outlawed of or for any Treason Petit Treason Murder wilfull Poysoninge Burglary or Robberie and all execucbns of and for the same: And alsoe excepted, all Offences of Invocac&ns Conjurac&ns Witchcraftf Sorceries Inchauntmentf and Charmes, and all Offences of pcuringe abettinge or comfortinge of the same, and all psons now attaynted or convicted of any the said Offences: And alsoe excepted, all and every p6on and psons which being outlawed of or for any Felonie or Felonies and their Outlawries, the cwentith day of December last, standinge in force, sithence their said Outlawries have efitsoones comitted any other Felonie : And alsoe excepted, all and every manner of takinge from the Kings Majestie that now is, of any Goods or Chattellf, or the Yssues Rents Revenues or Pffittf of any Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf which were of any Traytor Murderer Felon Clerke or Clerkes attaynted, or Fugitives, or any of them ; And alsoe excepted, all Goods and Chattellf in any wise forfeited sithence the beginninge of the Kings Majesties Raigne, by reason of any Treason Petit Treason Murder or Felonie heretofore comitted or done: And alsoe excepted, all Offences of or in makinge writinge pryntinge or publishinge, or in consentinge unto the makinge writinge printinge or publishinge of any false sedicious or scandalous Booke or Bookes Libell or Libellf in any wise against the Kings Majestie or the psent Government of this Realme, in causes either Ecclesiasticall or Temporal!, or against any pson or psons: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all Intrusions and Spoile of Woods had made or done sithence the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne, by any pson or psons in or uppon any of the Mannors Lands Tenementf or other Hereditamentf of our said Soveraigne Lord the Kinge, and all Wastf done comitted or suffered uppon any such Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf, and the wrongfull takinge of any the Rents Issues and Pffittf of the same Mannors Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf of our said Soveraigne Lord the Kinge since the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne, and alsoe all Suits Accomptf and Impeticftns of and for the same: And also excepted out of this Pardon, all Alienaf&ns since the sixt (*) of October last past made of any Lands Tenementf or Hereditamentf without Licence, and all Fynes Yssues and Pffittf that may or ought to growe or come to the Kings Majestie by reason of any such Alienacftn without Lycence: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all Wastf comitted or done in any of the Kings Wards Lands, or in the Wards Lands of any the Kings Comitties, and alsoe all and every Fyne and Fynes for the single and double value of the Marriage or Marriages of all and every Ward or Wards at any tyme before the five and twentith day of March in the sixtenth yeare of his Majesties Raigne of England, growen to the Kings Majestie or any his noble Predecessors, for which Wardshipp any Office or Inquisic6n was found before the sixth day of October last past, and all Fynes for the single and double value of the Marriage or Marriages of all and every Ward or Wards growen to the Kings Majestie since the said five and twentith day of March in the said sixteenth yeare of his Majesties Raigne ; And alsoe excepted, all Wards, and the Lands of such Wards as have growen to the Kings Majestie or any his noble Predecessors, at any tyme before the said five and twentith day of March in the said sixteenth yeare of his Majesties Raigne, for which any Office or Inquisic&n was found before the sixth day of October last past, and all other Wards concealed or not concealed, growen to his Majestie since the said five and twentith day of March in the sixteenth yeare aforesaid, and all Liveryes and Primer Seisons and Ouster le mains that ought to be had done or sued for, in respecte of any the Wards or Wards Lands before excepted: And alsoe excepted out of this generall Pardon, all Ravishmentf and wrongfull takinge or withholdinge of any of the Kings Wards or Wards Lands before excepted, or the Rents and Pffittf of the same, and all Misdemeanors and Offences conceminge the same, and every thinge that by reason of any Ward or Wards Lands before excepted, or for default of suinge or psecutinge of any Livery of the same, ought to come or be to the Kings Majestie, and which as yet is not discharged: And alsoe excepted all Fynes that should or ought to growe to the Kings Majestie that now is, of any of his Widowes that have marryed without lycence since the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the authoritie of this psent Parliament, That the Kings Majestie his Heires and Successors, shall have and enjoye the full and whole Interest Benefitt Pffitt and Advantage of all Wardshipps before excepted, and of all Liveryes Primer Seisons and Ouster le Maynes, of all Mannors Lands Tents and Hereditamentf whatsoever, and all Meane Yssues Rates and Pffittf for not psecutinge or not suinge of any Livery or Ousterlemaine, as if this Acte had never bene had or made, except such Liveries Primer Seisons and Ouster k maines, which should have bene sued or answered before the said five and twentith day of March in the sixteenth yeare aforesaid, and have not bene sued nor aunswered, nor any Tender or Continuance made of or for the same, nor any Office before the sixt day of October last, found conceminge the same; and except all such Liveries and Ouster le maines as have bene already sued out but by reason of any erroneous or undue pceedingf are void or defective; All which Liveries Primer Seisons and Ouster le maines last menc&ned to be excepted, shalbe by this psent Acte fullie pardoned and discharged.

> day U.

Horse-stealing; Arson,

Rapes, &c.

Bigamies;

Escapes of Traitors;

Attainders: Witchcrafts;

Outlaws for Felony re-offending

Taking Issues of Goods of Felons,

Ac.;

Forfeitures of Goods;

Seditious Libels;

Intrusions, Wastes, Ac. on the King's Lands, Ac.;

Alienations without Licence

Wastes in Lands of the King's Wards, Ac. since aj March, 16 Jac.I

Ac.;

Ravishments of Wards, Ac.;

Fines for Widows' Marriages.

VIII.

The Crown shall have all Profits of Wardships, Ac. not excepted.

1272

21° Jac. I. c. 35.

A.D. 1623-4.

IX. Provided alsoe and be it enacted, That all and every pson and psons which have tendered or ought to sue his her

CueTnotnccpted, or t^le'r or "Y Liveries or Ouster le mains, except as is before excepted, of or for any Mannors Lands

thill be duly sued, Tenementf or Hereditamentf whatsoever they be, shall sue his her or their Liverie and Liveryes and Ouster le mains pafd by aVptnoni, out of our said Soveraigne Lord the Kings Hands, and shall aunswere and pay their Fynes Issues and meane Pffittf although no Office for his or their Mannors Lands Teritf and Hereditamentf in like manner and forme to every respecte as they and every of them should or ought to have done if this Acte had never bene had ne made, notwithstandinge the not fyndinge of any Office or Offices or any other Matter whatsoever; Any Article Thinge or Things in this pfeent Acte of Generali Pardon comprised and specified to the contrary notwithstanding.

X.

Further

Exception!, viz. j Priioners in special Custody;

Fugitives for Treason, See.;

Persons absent from the Realm without Licence

Concealment of Customs, &c.;

Collectors and Accountants to the Crown from 25 March, 1 Jac.I.;

Offences of Moneyers, &c. of the Mint;

Quare Impedits;

Homages, &c.;

Breaches of Covenant to the Crown j

Subsidies;

Debts to the Crown, except on certain Recognizances;

Forfeitures adjudged, ke.

And also« excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon, all such psons as the last day of this p'sent Session of Parliament be, or at any tyme sithence the beginning of the same Session have bene in Prison within the Tower of London, or in the Prison of the Marshalsey, or in the Prison of the Fleete, or in the Prison of the Gatehouse, or otherwise restrayned of Libertie, by expresse Comaundement or DireccSn of any his Majesties Privie Councell: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all and every such pson and psons which at any tyme 6ince the beginning of the Kings Majesties Raigne have fled out of this Realme of England or any other the Kings Dominions, for any Offence of Highe Treason Petit Treason or Misprision of Treason: And alsoe excepted all such psons as be gone or fled out of this Realme for any Cause contrary to the Lawes & Statutes of this Realme, without the Kings Majesties Licence; And alsoe excepted, all such psons as have obteyned and had Lycense to depart this Realme for a certaine tyme, and now doe abide out of the Realme without any lawful excuse after the tyme of their Licence expired: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all and every Concealmentf and wrongfull Deteynmentf of any Custome or Subsedie due to the Kings Majestie that now is, and all Corrupc&ns and Misdemeanors of any Officer or Minister of or conceminge Custome or Subsidie, and all Accomptf Impeticons and Suits to be had made or done for the same: And alsoe excepted, all and singuler Accomptf of all and every Collector and Collectors of any Subsidie Fifteene Custome or other thinge growne due or happeninge since the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne, and all Accomptf of every other pson whatsoever that ought to be accomptant to the Kings Highnes for or in respecte of any Receipte or other Charge which hath growne since the five and twentith day of March in the first yeare of his Majesties Raigne of England, and the Heires Executors and Administrators of every such pson that ought to accompt for all Things touchinge onely the same Accomptf, and all and singuler Arrerages of Accomptf and untrue Accomptf made or rendred since the said five and twentith day of March in the first yeare aforesaid, and all Impetic&ns Charges of Seisures Suits Demaundf and Execuc6ns which may or can be had of or for any such Accompt or Accomptf, or any Arrerages of the same: And alsoe excepted and foreprised out of this Pardon, all and all manner of Deceits and Offences of all and singuler Moneyers, and other Officers Minters and Workemen of or in any the Kings Majesties Mints within this Realme or any other his Domynions, and all Impeticons and Punishmentf for the same: And alsoe excepted, all Titles and Accons of Quare Impedit, other then such Tytles and Accons of Quare Impedit as his Majestie hath or may have by reason of Lapse incurred above three yeares past, for or conceminge any Benefice or Ecclesiasticall Livinge whereof any Incumbent is, or the last day of this Session of Parliament shalbe in actuall Possession by p>sentacbn of any Patron or Collac&n of any Ordinarie: And also except all Homages, and alsoe except all Releefe and Releefes Heriottf Rents Services Rents Charges Rents Seckes, and the Arrerages of the same growne due since the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne, and not done or paid to the Kings Highnes: And alsoe excepted, all Condicbns and Coven*ntf, and all Penalties Titles and Forfeitures of Condic&n or Condic&ns Coven*nt or Coven*ntf accrued or growne to the Kings Majestie by reason of the breach and not pforminge of any Coven*nt or Condic6n whatsoever: And alsoe excepted, all somes of Money graunted to the Kings Majestie that now is, by way or name of Subsedie Fifteenth Tenth or otherwise, and all Concelmentf Fraudf and Offences by which his Majestie hath bene deceaved and not truelie aunswered of or for the same: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all Debts which were or be due to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, or to the most noble Kings of famous memorie Kinge Henrie the Seaventh, Kinge Henry the Eight, Kinge Edward the Sixth, Queene Marie, or the late Queene Elizabeth, or to any pson or psons for or to any of their uses by any Condemnac&n Recognizaunce Obligation or otherwise, whereuppon any Estallment or Seizure hath bene att any tyme heretofore made, upon wch Estallment or Seizure any thinge is or at any tyme since the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne hath bene aunswered or paid to his Majesties use, (other then such Debts as are due uppon any Obligacbn or Recognizance forfeited before the said twentith day of December, for non apparance in any Court or other Place whatsoever, or for not keepinge the Peace, or not beinge of good Behaviour), which Debts growne or accrewed uppon these Causes by this free Pardon, be or shalbe clearelie pdoned and discharged: And alsoe except all Debts since the five and twentith day of March in the first yeare of his Majesties Raigne, growne due to his Majestie by any Condemnation Recognizance Obligacbn or otherwise, other then such Debts as are due uppon any Obligac&n or Recognizance forfeited before the said twentith day of December for non apparance in any Courte or other Place whatsoever, or for not keepinge the Peace, or not beinge of good Behaviour, which Debts growne or accrued uppon these causes by this free Pardon, be and shalbe dearely pardoned and discharged: And alsoe except and forprised out of this Pardon, all and singuler Penalties Forfeitures and Somes of Money beinge due or accrued to our Soveraigne Lorde the Kinge, by reason of any Acte Statute or Statutf, which Forfeitures Penalties and Somes of Money, since the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne, be converted into the nature of Debt by any Judgement Order or Decree, or by the Agreement of the Offender or Offenders, and all and singuler Penalties Forfeitures and Somes of Money beinge due or accrued to our Soveraigne Lord the Kinge by reason of any Acte Statute or Statutf, which Forfeitures Penalties and Somes of Money beinge before the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne by any the Meanes aforesaid converted into the nature of Debt, have bene estalled or any


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 35.

1273

Seisure made for the same, and uppon such Seisure or Estalment any thinge aunswered or paid to his Majesties use since the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne: And alsoe excepted all Forfeitures of all Leases Estates or Interest? of any Land? Tenement? or Hereditament? holden of our Soveraigne Lord the King? Majesde by Knight? Service, or in Socage in Capite or otherwise by Knight? Service made in one or severall Assurances or Leases for any tearme or tearmes of Yeares, whereupon the old and accustomed Rent or more is not reserved : And alsoe excepted all First Fruit? and Tenths growne due since the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne, and at this f?sent beinge due to be paid to his Majestie by force of any Acte or Statute or otherwise: And alsoe excepted all Penalties and Forfeitures whereof there is any Verdict since the beginninge of his Majesties Reigne, in any Suite given or past for the King? Majestie: And alsoe excepted all Forfeitures and other Penalties and Pffitt? now due accrued and growne, or which shall or may be due accrue or growe to the King? Majestie by reason of any Offence Misdemeanor or Contempt or other Acte or Dcede had suffred comitted or done contrary to any Acte Statute or Statut?, or contrary to the C5mon Lawes of this Realme, and whereof or for the which any Accbn Bill Playnt or Informacftn at any tyme within Eight yeares next before the last day of this psent Session of Parliament hath bene or shalbe exhibited comenced or sued in the Court? of Starrechamber or Exchequer Chamber, or in any the King? Majesties Court? at Westminster and now is or the said last day of this Session of Parliament shalbe there dependinge and remayninge to be psecuted: And alsoe excepted out of this generall and free Pardon, all Offences Contempt? Disorders Covins Fraud? Deceit? and Misdemeanors whatsoever, heretofore cdmitted or done by any pson or peons, and whereof or for the which any Suite by Bill Plaint or Informacbn at any tyme within Fower yeares next before the last day of this p'sent Session of Parliament is or shalbe comenced or exhibited in the Court of Starrechamber at Westminster, and shalbe there the same last day of this Session of Parliament dependinge, or whereuppon any Sentence or Decree is given or entered : And alsoe excepted all Offences and Misdemeanors, whereof any Sentence or Judgement hath bene heretofore or before the end of this Session of Parliament shalbe given in the High Court of Parliament, and alsoe the Sentences and Judgement? soe given, and the Execuc&n of the same, and all Fynes Imprisonment? Penalties Forfeitures and Punishment? of or for the same: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all Offences of Pjuries and the subomac&n of Witnesses, and Offences of forginge and counterfeitinge of any false Deed? Escript? or Writing?, or of any Exaiac&ns or Testimonies of any Witnessor Witnesses tendinge to bringe any pson or psons into danger of his Life, and the givinge of the same in Evidence, and the councelling or pcuringe of any such counterfeitinge or forginge to be had or made; and all false and malicious Conspiracies to bringe any pson or psons into danger of his Life: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon all and every Offence or Offences touchinge or conceminge the carryinge sendinge or conveyinge over the Seas or out of this Realme of any Gold Silver Jewell? or any Coyne of Gold or Silver, contrary to the Lawes or Statut? of this Realme, unlesse it were by the King? Licence : And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all Offences of Heresie Schisme Incest Adultery Fornicac&n and Simonie, and all such Usurie for which any Interest hath bene received or taken since the said twentith day of December : And all Misdemeanors and Disturbances comitted or made in any Church or Chappell in the tyme of Comon Prayer Preachinge or Divine Service there used to the Disturbance there, and all Outlawries and Psecuc&ns uppon the same: And alsoe except all Offences of drawinge of Weapons unlawfull striking or givinge of Blowes, and all other Force or Violence comitted or done in any Tearme tyme in the View of any the King? Court? judiciallie sittinge at or in Westminster Hall, for the which any pson or psons nowe stand indicted convicted or attaynted in any of his Majesties said Court?: And alsoe excepted all Offences whereby any pson may be charged with the Penaltie and Danger of Premunire, and of the which Offence or Offences any pson standeth alreadie indicted or otherwise lawfullie condemned or convicted: And alsoe excepted all Dilapidations for which any Suite is or before the end of this Session of Parliament shalbe dependinge : And alsoe excepted all Offences whatsoever in shippinge or willinglie assentinge or causinge to be shipped to be transported into any the part? beyond the Seas out of the Obedience of his Majestie, any Gunnes Ordinance Shot or Gunnemettall contrary to the Lawes and Statut? of this Realme, without Licence of his Majestie in that behalfe first had and obteyned : And alsoe all such as covenouslie or by consent, or for the Releife of any such as have offended in or against any popular or penall Statute, have for the same Offence or Offences exhibited any Acc&n Bill Playnt Informac&n or Suite against any such Offendor or Offendors: And alsoe excepted all Offences in takinge away imbezellinge or purloyninge any the King? Majesties Good? Money Chattell? Jewell? Armour Municbn Ordinance and other Habiliament? of Warre: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all mander of Extorcbns and Briberies whatsoever, and alsoe excepted all Covens Fraud? Deceit? and other Disorders and Misdemeanors whatsoever heretofore comitted or done by any Steward of his Majesties Mannors or Court? Undersheriffe or by any Officer or Minister in any of his Highnes Court?, in or by reason or coulor of any of their Offices or Places, or any their Deputies or Clerk?, and all Offences of aidinge or comforunge assistinge or peuringe of any Undersheriffe or any such Officer Minister or Clerke, in contrivinge doeinge or executinge any such Extorf&n Exacc&n Coven Fraude Deceipt Disorder or Misdemeanor: And alsoe excepted, all huntinge killinge or stealinge of Deere in any of his Majesties Forest? Park? or Chaces, and other Disorders and Misdemeanors done or comitted in the same : And alsoe excepted, all Offences and Contempt? Disorders and Misdemeanors comitted or done by any pson or psons contrary to the Lawes of the Forest? within the Circuit or p>cincte of his Majesties Forrest? of Windsor and Waltham, or of either of them, and all Penalties of the same: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all Issues Fynes and Amerciament? lost imposed or assessed since the begininge of his Majesties Raigne, beinge totted levyed or received by any Sheriff? Undersheriffe Bayliffe Minister or other Officer to or for the King? Majesties use or behoofe before the last day of this f*sent Session of Parliament, and all Issues Fynes and Amerciament? since the beginninge of his Majesties Raigne afferred taxed sett estreated or entred severallie or pticulerlie touchinge or conceminge any one pson


.4X

Forfeiture* of Lea*c*, See.

Firet Fruit* and Tenth*;

Penaltie* recovered by Verdict, or proceeded for, or granted, by the Crown within Eight Year*, tee.

Contempt*, Sec. depending in the Star Chamber;

Petjury:

Forgerie* of Deed*,

* c.;

Exportation of Gold or Silver

Here*y, Incett, U*ury, Simony;

Disturbing Divine Service;

Striking in Court* of Justice;

Premunire

Dilapidation*

Exporting Ordnance;

Covinou* Action* for Penaltie*;

Embexzling Store*;

Extortion*. Sec. by Steward* of the Crown Manor*, Under-Sheriffi, Sec.

Offence*in Forest*, Sec.

Iuue«, Fine*, Sec. affered above 46, Sec.

* by GCK

1274

21° Jac. I. c. 35.

A.D. 1623-4.

All other Fine* pardoned

Proviso for duly estreating all Fine!, Issues, &c. whether pardoned or not;

Offences against 27 Eliz. c. 2. by Jesuits, ice.;

Offences against St. 2 2 Eliz. c. 1. until Submission and Conformity of Offenders;

Persons attainted of Rebellion

Forgery of Inquisitions, Certificates, Bills signed by the King, Sec. i

New Erection of Buildings.

XI. Proeiso for Outlawries in Ciril Actions.

or moe psons joyntlie or severallie above the some of Si* pound?: And alsoe excepted all Issues Fynes and Amerciament? retorned afferred taxed sett or entred severallie or pticulerlie in any Court of Record at Westminster at any tyme sithence the sixt day of October last past: And yet neverthelesse all other Fynes, aswell Fynes p licencia concordandi, as other, sett taxed estreated or entred before the said sixt day of October last past, and alsoe all Yssues and Amerciament?, as well reall as others, within any Libties or without, beinge sett taxed estreated or entred before the said sixt day of October, and which severallie or pticulerlie extend to or under the some of Six pound?, and not above, whither they be estreated or not estreated, or whether they be turned into Debt or not turned into Debt, and not beinge totted leavied or received by any Sheriffe or Undersheriffe Minister or other Officer to or for the King? Majesties use or behoofe before the last day of this p'sent Session of Parliament, shalbe freelie cleerelie and playnely pardoned and discharged against the King? Majestic his Heires and Successors for ever, by force of this psent Acte of free Pardon: And yet neverthelesse all Estreat? of such Fynes Yssues and Amerciament? as be now pardoned by this Acte, and which be alreadie estreated forth of the Court of Exchequer, and be remayninge in the Hand? of the Sheriffe Undersheriffe or Bayliffe for collectinge the same Fynes Issues and Amerciament?, shall uppon the retourne of the same Estreates be orderlie charged and delivered by Scrowes into the Office of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer as heretofore hath bene accustomed, to the intent that thereuppon order may be taken that his Majestie may be truely aunswered of all such Fynes Yssues and Aiftciament? not by this Acte pardoned, and which any Sheriffe Undersheriffe Bayliffe or other Officer or Minister hath received or ought to aunswere by force or coulor of any such Estreate Processe or Precept to him or them made for the levyinge thereof: And yet that notwithstandinge all and every Sheriffe and Sheriffes and other Accomptant, uppon his or their Peticfin or Petiftns to be made for the Allowance of any such Fynes Yssues and Amerciament?, as by this Acte is pardoned, shall have all and every such his and their Petic&n allowed in his and their Accompt and Accompt?, without payinge any Fee or Reward to any Officer Clerke or other Minister for the makinge entringe or allowinge of any such Peticftn or Petic&ns; Any Usage or Custome to the contrary thereof notwithstandinge: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all such psons which have comitted or done any Offence or Offences contrary to the tenor or effecte of the Statute made in the seaven and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte againste Jesuites Seminarie Priest? and such other disobedient psons, or of any part thereof; and all Outlawries Pceeding? Judgment? and Execuc&ns uppon the same Offences, or any of them: And alsoe excepted, all psons which have comitted or done any Offence contrary to the Statute made in the three and twentith yeare of the Raigne of the said late Queene Elizabeth, intituled An Acte to detayne the Queenes Majesties Subject? in their due Obedience, or any part thereof, and all Outlawries Proceeding? and Judgement? and Execuc&ns uppon the same Offences or any of them, for suche or soe longe tyme as they shall contynue disobedient or wilfullie obstinate in any of the same Offences; And yet neverthelesse whensoever the same psons or any of them shall willinglie submitt themselves in their due Obedience to his Majestie, and will come to the Church to heare Divine Service, and willinglie refuse the said wilfull obstinacie and conforme themselves in the said Causes of Religion and Doctryne, and continue in such their Conformitie and due Obedience to his Majestie according as by the Lawes and Statut? of this Realme they ought to doe, That then and from thenceforth all and every such pson and psons soe submitting and yeilding themselves in their due Obedience toward? his Majestie and soe contynuinge in the same, shall forthwith be received and enabled by force of this Acte to have and enjoy the full benefitt of this generall Pardon as largelie and fullie in all respect? as any other of his Majesties good Subject? have or ought to enjoy by vertue of this Acte of generall Pardon: And alsoe excepted out of this Pardon, all such psons as be and remayne still attaynted or condemned, and not already pardoned of or for any Rebellion or levyinge of Warre, or of or for any Conspiracie of any Rebellion or levyinge of Warre within this Realme or in any other the King? Domynions: And alsoe excepted, all false forginge and counterfeitinge of any Comission or Comissions to enquire of any Land? Tenement? or Hereditament?, and alsoe all false forginge and counterfeitinge of any untrue Certificate or Retome of any Comission or Comissions obteyned or gotten forth of any Court or Court? to enquire of any Land? Tenement? or other thing? whatsoever, and all manner falsifyinge of any pdculer, or of any Bill or Bill? signed by his Majestie after the engrossinge thereof, and before the passinge the same unto the Great Seale: And alsoe except out of this Pardon, all Offences comitted or done by any pson or p6ons in new Buildinge devidinge of Tenement? taking of Inmat? new Inclosures and other Nusances in any Place within the Cittie of London and Suburbs of the same, or within Three Miles of the said Cittie, contrary to the Lawe or any his Majesties Proclamac&ns in that behalfe made.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted by the Authoride aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawfull to and for all and every Clerke and other Officers of the King? Court? to award and make Writt? of Capias Utlagaf, at the Suite of the parde Plaindffe against such psons outlawed as be pardoned by this Acte, to the intent to compell the Defendant and Defendant? to make aunswere to the Plaindffe or Plaintiff? at whose Suit he or they were outlawed; and that every pson soe outlawed shall sue a Writt of Scire facias against the parde or parties at whose Suite he or they were soe outlawed before this Pardon in that behalfe shalbe allowed to him or them that is soe outlawed.

XII.

Defendants outlawed on Cap. ad sat. shall satisfy llieir Plaintiffs.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authoride of this p>sent Parliament, That this Acte of generall Pardon shall not in any wise extend to any pson outlawed uppon any Writt of Capias ad satisfaciendum, undll such tyme as the parde soe outlawed shall sadsfie or otherwise agree with the parde at whose Suite the same p6on was outlawed or condemned.


A.D. 1623-4.

21° Jac. I. c. 35.

1275

Provided likewise and be it enacted, That neither this Act of generall Pardon nor any thinge therein conteyned shall XIII. in any wise extend to any pson that is or shalbe putt to Execucbn at any tyme before Ten Dayes after the end of this Pe^M°ia°f Session of Parliament; Or to pardon and discharge any Offence or Misdemeanor comitted or done by any Purveyor or Execution, other Taker whatsoever, in takinge or purveyinge of any Provision whatsoever for the Kings Majesties Houshold, or £urT<jfor* "ting otherwise to the Kings Majesties behoofe, or by pretence or coulor thereof, unto or against any the Lawes or Statutf ' '* T‘ in that behalfe made and ordeyned.

Provided alsoe and be it enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid. That neither this Acte nor any thinge therein Exception of conteyned, shall extend to pardon or discharge any Offence comitted or done by any Cdmissioner Captayne or other officer*» fcc. pson whatsoever, in the corrupt takinge or havinge of any Money or other Gifte or Reward for the chaunging releasinge discharging or dischardginge of any Soldier prest or appointed to serve his Majestie in defence of the Realme or otherwise. Soldicrj.

And alsoe excepted out of this generall Pardon, Giles Mompesson late Knight.

XV. Exception of Sir G. Mompesson.

Provided alwayes and be it enacted, That this Acte or any thinge therein conteyned, shall not extend or be construed to pardon or discharge any Debt Accompt Fyne Amerciament Arrerage or other Dutie for which any Seisure or Estallment hath bene made, and uppon such Seisure or Instalment any thinge aunswered to his Majestie since the beginning of his Majesties Raigne; Nor to pardon or discharge any Recognizance Obligac&n or Bond which is not yet forfeited.

XVI.

Exception of Debts, tec. for which Seixure, &c. hath been made. Recognizances not forfeited.

And be it further enacted, That this p*sent Pardon shalbe of as good Force and Effecte to pardon and discharge all This Pardon and singuler the fPmisses above menc&ned and intended to be pardoned and discharged, aswell against such pson or Grantees*"1"1 psons Bodies Politique and Corporate as doe or shall clayme the same by or under any tres Patentf Lease or Graunt ‘he King, made by the Kings Majestie or any his Predecessors, as against the Kings Majestie himselfe.

End of the Statutes of IStfns James t&e iFtrst.

[Index removed.]

